<doc id="19979007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979007" title="Henry Hereford">
Henry Hereford

Henry Hereford (born 22 October 1975) is an English actor. Most recently he played Martin, the Dorchester Manager in the highly publicised "Liz & Dick". He is currently filming the role of Frederick Nightingale in the upcoming television show "Crossbones".
Background.
Henry was born in Rinteln, Germany and attended Radley College and has a degree in Politics from the University of the West of England in Bristol.
Career.
After leaving Bristol Henry attended Drama Studio London where he was directed and taught by the current principal Peter Craze He was also in the same year as British actor Travis Oliver. After performing in various fringe shows and Channel 4's Dogma Series, he moved to Sydney. His credits include Like Minds starring Toni Collette, the voice of The Young King in the 2009 film De Vilde Svaner opposite former James Bond actor Roger Moore, Alex Moss in the UK crime drama The Bill and Crimes That Shook the World.
In August 2009, Hereford was in the Off-Broadway production of Woyzeck in the New York Fringe Festival a, performing with the Gangbusters Theater Company.
In September 2009, his film The Agent, co-starring Maureen Lipman was released in the UK. The film has had extensive reviews including in The Observer and Empire Magazine.
Since moving to the United States, Mr Hereford guest starred in an episode of the Nickelodeon series True Jackson, VP opposite comedy actor Greg Proops.
In 2011, Hereford had a role in the U.S. version of "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo", which was directed by David Fincher and starred Daniel Craig. As of June 2011, Hereford was filming the film Liars All. in 2012 he teamed up with Liars All director Brian Brightly Brian Brightly to play Hans in comedy feature Man Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="19979025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979025" title="Wartime Broadcasting Service">
Wartime Broadcasting Service

The Wartime Broadcasting Service was a service of the BBC that was intended to broadcast in the United Kingdom either after a nuclear attack or if conventional bombing destroyed regular BBC facilities in a conventional war (or during the conventional phase). 
Origins and history.
The origins of the service lie in pre-World War II plans to disperse BBC staff to facilities such as Wood Norton to guarantee due functioning of the corporation if cities such as London, Belfast, Glasgow and Edinburgh were attacked by the Luftwaffe. 
In the post-war era, plans were revised so that the Wartime Broadcasting Service would have coped with a nuclear strike by installing 54 low powered transmitters and keeping (what remained of) the main transmitter network in reserve, in case Soviet bombers used them to home in on targets. Although vague, plans from the mid-1950s were to provide both a national and regional radio service 24 hours a day (mirroring peacetime BBC operations at the time) with the objective of providing “instruction, information and encouragement as far as practical by means of guidance, news and diversion to relieve stress and strain”. "Diversion" was to be in the form of music and selected pre-recorded programmes. BBC executives drafted a schedule made up of music, drama, comedy, and religious programmes to be broadcast over a period of 100 days after a nuclear attack on the United Kingdom.
By the end of the decade, existing transmitters had been fitted with emergency diesel generators and fallout protection.
From the 1980s, the BBC planned to broadcast for only a few hours a day and for a few minutes each hour, the intention being to conserve the batteries in domestic radios. There was to be no entertainment content for this reason and so that official messages could get through. With the end of the Cold War, the BBC deactivated the studios and emergency transmitter networks in 1993 as surplus to requirements. Many of these studios have become exhibits in bunkers, like the Kelvedon Hatch Secret Nuclear Bunker, which have now been converted into museums.
Under the Broadcasting Act 1980, the government still has the legal right to take over editorial control of radio and television in the event of a national emergency.
Operation.
The decision to activate the service would have been taken at Cabinet level late in the crisis phase. On being given the order, the BBC and ITV were to suspend normal programming, broadcast the frequencies for the Wartime Broadcasting Service and go off-air an hour later (with television used only to broadcast "Protect and Survive" public information films and unavailable after an attack due to its susceptibility to electromagnetic pulse). At this point, one single national programme would have been broadcast on BBC Radio 4 from "Wood Norton". This would have consisted of official government announcements and information interspersed with filler material, such as music, news and warnings. The four-minute warning itself was to have been injected from a special studio at Broadcasting House and been broadcast nationally on all television and radio stations when a coded signal from RAF High Wycombe was given. This studio would also have been used by government ministers to broadcast messages and announcements until the government left London late in the crisis phase (or during the precautionary period). 
After an attack, there would also have been a regional service tailored to local needs located in regional seats of government. Regional controllers were to use these smaller BBC studios to give out local messages to communities and would have been manned by BBC staff. If conventional air attacks destroyed peacetime broadcasting facilities, the Wartime Broadcasting Service would also have been activated. 
Regular drills and training exercises were held to give an air of realism, but many BBC staff saw them as pointless or declined to serve during a national emergency because they couldn't take their families with them. One anonymous insider said:
"I can't blame them for deciding there were better ways to go than to sit in a bunker with a group of local radio engineers."
Programmes for broadcast.
Initially, a post attack statement (see below) was to be broadcast confirming a nuclear strike had hit the United Kingdom and warning of the dangers of fallout. It would have been broadcast every two hours on all radio frequencies set aside for the BBC for the first twelve hours after the attack. The script was released by the BBC under the Freedom of Information Act on 3 October 2008. 
Jim Black, a BBC executive, compiled a schedule consisting of classic BBC drama, comedy and religious programmes to maintain morale. These included "Round The Horne", "I'm Sorry, I Haven't A Clue", "Hancock's Half Hour" and the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical "The Sound of Music". Drama programmes included "The Afternoon Play" and "Thirty-Minute Theatre". From the 1980s until 1993, the entertainment content was dropped and only official announcements would have been broadcast.
Official post attack statement.
The following is the script of an official statement that would have been broadcast on the Wartime Broadcasting Service in the hours after an attack. It was recorded by Peter Donaldson, chief continuity announcer for BBC Radio 4 (the designated national broadcaster in a national emergency):

</doc>
<doc id="19979035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979035" title="Ministry of Finance (Dominican Republic)">
Ministry of Finance (Dominican Republic)

The current Minister of Finance is Simon Lizardo
History.
The Ministry of Finance was established nine months after the Independence of the Republic, on November 14, 1844, under the name Ministry of Finance and Trade. It was his first Minister Ricardo Miura, 1844 to 1847.
Ramón Matías Mella (one of the Fathers of the Fatherland) was the fourth Minister of September 26 of 1849 to April 8 of 1850.
In 1926 its name was changed to Secretary of State for Finance, to be its first Secretary M. Martin de Moya.
On January 28 of 1931 merges with the Ministry of Labor and the Communications and its name was changed to Ministry of Finance, Labor and Communications. Then, on Aug. 27 of that year, that decree was rescinded and the Secretariat goes back to being the Ministry of Finance.
On November 28, 1934, changing its name and is called Secretary of State for the Treasury. On February 28, 1938 the Secretary of State for the Treasury called Secretary of State for the Treasury and Commerce.
On May 4, 1945 to the Secretary of State, Treasury and Commerce is called the State Department of Treasury and Public Credit. 1st. January 1955 the Secretariat assumes the name of Ministry of Finance.
On January 7 of 1957 is called the Secretariat of State for Finance and Banking and May 14, 1959 renamed Ministry of Finance. In May 1963 the Secretariats are called ministries, which changed its name to Ministry of Finance.
In September 1963 was again called Secretary of State for Finance.
During the War of April 1965, the Constitutionalist government establishes the Ministry of Finance, while the Government of National Reconstruction keeps the Secretary of State for Finance.
The Interim Government restored in 1965 the Ministry of Finance, until the November 28, 1966 a new constitution restores the name of Ministry of Finance.
On December 27 of 2006 is once again called Secretary of State for Finance, Law 494-06 of Organization of the Ministry of Finance.
Dependencies.
The decentralized and autonomous institutions of the Ministry of Finance, are as follows:
See also.
Cabinet of the Dominican Republic

</doc>
<doc id="19979063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979063" title="Horrorthon">
Horrorthon

A Horrorthon is an event held around Halloween in which several horror movies (usually three or more) are watched consecutively.
The term "Horrorthon" was used in the 1982 film "" to describe such an event.

</doc>
<doc id="19979102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979102" title="International Academy of Macomb">
International Academy of Macomb

The International Academy of Macomb (IAM) is a public high school in Macomb County, Michigan located at the old Seneca Middle School in Clinton Township. The school opened in the spring of 2008 and is an International Baccalaureate school as of early 2010. The first two years at the IAM consist of challenging, accelerated courses. After these two years, students will begin the IB program, which lasts for two years. All IB students will have to complete 150 'CAS' hours (creativity, action, service) throughout the two IB years. After all four years are completed, students will partake in several IB exams in order to receive their IB diploma. The students at the IAM get an understanding of the world through many great books, including "Things Fall Apart" by Chinua Achebe, and "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Although it is an IB school, the IAM is still considered a public school, but it requires students to pass a test and get drawn in a lottery to become enrolled. There is no tuition required for students, but there is an initial $150 fee that will cover computer fees. Each student will receive his or her own laptop that will be used throughout the four years at the IAM, and any damage can usually be fixed with a re-imaging. 
Extracurricular activities.
All of the IAM's Division I MHSAA sports teams are known as the Lady Leopards. A notable sport that the IAM offers is girls football. In October 2013, IAM secured their first victory in the annual "Nerd Bowl" by defeating UAIS 54-6.
The IAM also features various clubs. These consist of soccer club, floor hockey club, ski club, basketball club, Writing club, Homestuck club, chess club, euchre club, anime club, gay-straight alliance, quiz bowl, blender club, key club, French club, and Spanish club.

</doc>
<doc id="19979114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979114" title="Brian Orakpo">
Brian Orakpo

Brian Ndubisi Orakpo (born July 31, 1986) is an American football outside linebacker for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Texas, and was recognized as an All-American and one of the top defensive linemen in the country. He was selected by the Redskins with the thirteenth overall pick in the 2009 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Orakpo was born in Houston, Texas to parents Gloria and Arthur Orakpo, who are immigrants from Nigeria. His siblings are Jennifer (born 1988) and Michael (born February 5, 1991). He played high school football at Lamar High School in Houston, Texas. He played defensive end and tight end and was a two-time First-team all-district selection. He also played basketball from his freshman to junior years.
College career.
Orakpo attended the University of Texas, where he played for coach Mack Brown's Texas Longhorns football team from 2004 to 2008. He was redshirted as a freshman in 2004, but in 2005 he played in all 13 games and started in one. He made an immediate impact for the Longhorns, helping them finish 10th in the nation at defense, recording 27 Tackles, a half sack, a forced fumble and recovered fumble. His play earned him Defensive Freshman of the Year and first-team Freshman All-America by "The Sporting News".
As a sophomore in 2006 he played all 13 games, recording 26 tackles and 4.5 sacks and was named one of the Lowe's Most Improved Defensive Players. As a junior in 2007 he played in nine games and missed four due to right knee injury suffered against Arkansas State. He was the Defensive MVP of the 2007 Holiday Bowl after recording six tackles and two sacks during the game. He finished the season with 37 tackles and 5.5 sacks.
As a senior in 2008 Orakpo recorded 40 tackles and 11 sacks and was the Associated Press Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year. He also was the winner of the Bronko Nagurski Trophy, given to the best defensive player, the Ted Hendricks Award, given to the top defensive end, The Bill Willis Trophy given to the top collegiate defensive lineman, and the Lombardi Award, given to the best lineman or linebacker. He was recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American, after receiving first-team honors from the Associated Press, American Football Coaches Association, Football Writers Association of America, "The Sporting News", and the Walter Camp Football Foundation. He was the first Texas Longhorn defensive end to earn All-American honors since Tony Brackens in 1995.
In his college career Orakpo recorded 132 tackles, 22 sacks, 38 tackles for loss, 62 pressures, six passes broken up, six forced fumbles and a fumble recovery.
Professional career.
NFL Combine.
Orakpo arrived at the 2009 NFL Combine with much anticipation following him with his well-known status as a "workout warrior". He put up 31 repetitions of 225 pounds in the bench press, which was second best for a defensive end and 7th best amongst all defensive linemen. His 39.5-inch vertical jump was second for all defensive lineman and showed his great speed and acceleration while recording a 4.63 40-yard dash time. He bench pressed 515 pounds, squatted 600 pounds, and power cleaned 380 pounds.
Washington Redskins.
2009 season.
Orakpo was drafted by the Washington Redskins 13th overall in the 2009 NFL Draft. On July 31, he signed a five-year deal worth $20 million, which includes $12.1 million guaranteed. On December 13, 2009 against the Oakland Raiders, Orakpo tied a Redskins record with four sacks in a game and was named the NFC Defensive Player of the Week.
He was selected to the 2009 Pro Bowl as a reserve, one of only 6 rookies to do so, along with Chicago Bears Return Specialist Johnny Knox, Minnesota Vikings Return Specialist Percy Harvin, and Green Bay Packers LB Clay Matthews out of the NFC, with Houston Texans LB Brian Cushing and Buffalo Bills S Jairus Byrd from the AFC, all of which were reserve or replacement players. Orakpo became the first rookie Redskin to make the Pro Bowl since RB/KR Tony Green in 1978.
2010 season.
In 2010, Orakpo had 56 tackles, 8.5 sacks and a forced fumble. He made his second Pro Bowl replacing Clay Matthews.
2011 season.
In Week 4 of the 2011 NFL season against the St. Louis Rams, Orakpo was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week. He was credited with 2.5 sacks, five tackles (two for a loss), three quarterback hits and a forced fumble.
In Week 17 against the Philadelphia Eagles, Orakpo suffered an injury to his left shoulder and pectoral muscle after sacking Michael Vick in the second quarter. He didn't play for the rest of the game. On January 10, 2012, it was confirmed that Orakpo had surgery on his shoulder.
Orakpo was chosen as an alternate for the 2012 Pro Bowl along with teammates, London Fletcher and Lorenzo Alexander.
2012 season.
Orakpo tore his left pectoral muscle again in Week 2 against the St. Louis Rams. Head coach Mike Shanahan confirmed the next day that he would have surgery and miss the remainder of the season to be placed on injured reserve.
2013 season.
Orakpo recorded his first career interception and returned it 29 yards for his first career touchdown in the 45-41 Week 7 win against the Chicago Bears. Originally an alternate, Orakpo would replace Ahmad Brooks in the 2014 Pro Bowl.
2014 season.
Set to become a free agent during the 2014 offseason, it was announced on March 3, 2014, that the Redskins had placed the non-exclusive franchise tag on Orakpo. This allows the Redskins to match any attempted offer by other teams to sign him.
Endorsement contracts.
Among Brian Orakpo's endorsement contracts includes one he signed in August 2011 with Geico, and he has appeared in several commercials with one of that company's "caveman" spokespeople.
Orakpo has appeared in several commercials for Eastern Motors, a D.C. area new and used car dealership.

</doc>
<doc id="19979124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979124" title="Jools Jameson">
Jools Jameson

Julian Jameson (born in Sunderland, England in the Summer of 1968) is the CEO of Greenhill EnviroTechnologies Inc. based in Nova Scotia Canada, having previously worked in England (where he was known as 'Jools') as a computer game developer, designer and producer.
__FORCETOC__
Greenhill EnviroTechnologies Inc..
Julian currently runs Greenhill EnviroTechnologies Inc., which designs and develops electronic control systems for green technologies. The company's current Okapi product line, of sophisticated control systems for solar collectors, is featured on the Kickstarter website.
Gaming career.
Jools' gaming career spanned some 20 years starting in the early days of gaming "messing around" with machine code on the 6502-based Oric 1 and has programmed almost every home computer and console since.
The most prominent game of his career is "Cannon Fodder", which he co-designed and programmed. "Cannon Fodder 2" followed and, later in his career, he converted it onto the Game Boy platform (a project he initiated). This conversion included an FMV player, which he both designed and programmed, capable of streaming digital video and audio. The Game Boy conversion received a BAFTA nomination for sound and high review scores, including 93% from "Official Nintendo Magazine" and 96% from "Nintendo Power".

</doc>
<doc id="19979130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979130" title="Pamela Flood">
Pamela Flood

Pamela Ann Mary Flood (born 25 July 1971) is an Irish television presenter and former model from Tallaght, South Dublin. She received the Miss Ireland crown in 1993.
An employee of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, she is a well-recognised face on the broadcaster's television channels, having presented "Off the Rails", "Marry Me" and "The Podge and Rodge Show". She also made an appearance in the genealogy series "Who Do You Think You Are?", learning that her grandmother was an illegitimate child and that a deceased distant relative was accused of murdering her husband, but later found not guilty - over 160 years ago. She then went on to feature on "Celebrity Showhouse" broadcast on 29 December 2008.
Career.
Flood worked as a continuity officer with national broadcaster RTÉ from 1997–2000, and was a presenter of Irish fashion television show "Off the Rails" for a number of years before receiving the axe in 2008.
Flood moved on to "Marry Me", of which there were eight editions, and has presented two editions of "The Podge and Rodge Show", For her research in the RTÉ series "Who Do You Think You Are?" she travelled through 19th-century Dublin, "taking in red light districts, millionaire solicitors, pawnbrokers, contested wills, illegitimate children and murder." She met historian David Nolan, who has written a history of Corballis House, where her granny was sent to stay and subsequently discovered she was born out of wedlock. She appeared on the front cover of the "RTÉ Guide" to promote the show. An appearance on "Anonymous" as "Doreen Prendergast".
Flood has since found herself exposed and vulnerable at RTÉ.
Personal life.
In 2008, Flood announced the recent end of her three-year relationship with Michael Sharp, the manager of Denis Desmond's "Spirit" nightclub in Dublin. She then began a new one with restaurateur, Ronan Ryan.

</doc>
<doc id="19979133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979133" title="Marisa (gastropod)">
Marisa (gastropod)

Marisa is a genus of freshwater snails in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.
Species.
There are two species:
Phylogeny.
Based on analysis of mitochondrial 12S ribosomal RNA, 16S ribosomal RNA, and the cytochrome-c oxidase I (COI) gene, "M. cornuarietis" is a sister clade to "M. planogyra" and "Asolene spixii", indicating that genus "Marisa" is not monophyletic.

</doc>
<doc id="19979207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979207" title="Compton Place">
Compton Place

Compton Place is an English country house in Eastbourne, a town and borough in East Sussex. It was rebuilt for Sir Spencer Compton, to designs by Colen Campbell from 1726, and completed after Campbell's death by William Kent. The Elizabethan-Jacobean house called Bourne Place had Spencer Compton, treasurer to George, Prince of Wales, as its tenant since 1714. In 1724 Compton liked the place well enough to purchase it and its estate outright and to rename it Compton Place; the Prince of Wales was Colen Campbell's chief patron, and it was natural for Spencer Compton to turn to him for its design.
The E-shaped plan, of which the central range had been doubled in depth in the seventeenth century, was retained. Campbell presented a plan for the south elevation, which was modified in the execution, but he was principally involved in remaking the interiors, where his presence is commemorated in the stucco portrait bust of him in the soffit of the bay window at the south end of the Gallery, which is the sole surviving contemporary image of the Scottish architect; the plasterwork is associated with the ""three Germans"" alluded to in the correspondence from Lord Wilmington's gardener William Stuart, one of whom is thought to have been the Anglo-Danish stuccator Charles Stanley. The London plasterer John Hughes supervised the plasterwork. Carving in the house was by the London carver John Richards.
Opening out of the south end of the Gallery are state bedroom with alcoves. Engravings of the alcove and the compartmented ceiling of the East Bedroom (later called the "Duchess's Bedroom") appear in Campbells "Five Orders". The Duke's Bedroom", "one of the most opulent examples in England", has a stucco relief following Titian's "Venus and Adonis"; there are smaller stucco relief panels of "Paris with Helen" and "Diana with Endymion".
Sir Spencer was created Earl of Wilmington in 1728. At his death in 1743, Compton Place passed to his nephew the 5th Earl of Northampton. In 1806 the brick and flint exterior was faced with stucco and composition and a Doric peristyle was added to the bay window. In 1858 the estate passed to the 7th Duke of Devonshire, who laid out the new town of Eastbourne on the south half of the estate. More recently the park north and east of the house has been laid out in golf courses of the Royal Eastbourne Golf Club, (founded in 1887), whose first President was William Cavendish, 7th Duke of Devonshire, and the dukes continue to be Presidents; the two golf links are named for the Duke of Devonshire and his eldest son, the Marquess of Hartington. 
In 1954, as part of the 11th Duke's retrenchment following the 80% death duties levied on his father's estate, the house was let to a language school, and its successor remains in residence as of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19979209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979209" title="James H. Payne">
James H. Payne

James Hardy Payne (born 1941 in Lubbock, Texas) is a federal judge sitting simultaneously on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma and the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. In addition, he is a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Background.
Judge Payne received his bachelor's degree from the University of Oklahoma in 1963. In 1966, he graduated from the University of Oklahoma College of Law with a J.D. degree. From 1966 until 1970, he was on active duty in the United States Air Force. He continued as an Air Force reservist from 1975 til 1992.
From 1970 until 1973, he was an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. In 1973, he entered private practice as lawyer for the firm of Sandlin and Payne. He remained in that position until 1988 when he became a United States magistrate judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma.
On September 4, 2001, President George W. Bush nominated Judge Payne to a seat simultaneously serving on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma and the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. The seat had been vacated by Judge Michael Burrage, who had resigned on March 1, 2001. Payne was confirmed on October 23, 2001, and received his commission the next day.
Judge Payne became the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma in 2002 and currently continues in that position.
Tenth Circuit nomination under Bush.
On September 25, 2005, President Bush nominated Judge Payne to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit vacated by Judge Stephanie Kulp Seymour, who took senior status on October 16, 2005.
On January 23, 2006, the liberal online magazine Salon.com published an article offering evidence that Judge Payne had issued more than 100 orders in at least 18 cases that involved corporations in which he owned stock. The article claimed that Payne had not followed federal law and the official Code of Conduct for U.S. judges, which explicitly prohibit judges from sitting on cases involving companies in which they own stock—no matter how small their holdings—in order to uphold the integrity of the judicial system.
As a result of the article, the American Bar Association on February 21 re-evaluated Judge Payne's nomination and downgraded their original judicial rating of Judge Payne from "well qualified" to "qualified".
Since the allegations concerning financial conflicts of interest created the appearance of "extraordinary circumstances" which would have prevented his confirmation under the terms of the Gang of 14 Deal, Judge Payne withdrew his nomination on March 8, 2008. On May 4, 2006, President Bush nominated Jerome A. Holmes to replace Payne. Holmes was confirmed less than three months later

</doc>
<doc id="19979226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979226" title="Mikhail Meandrov">
Mikhail Meandrov

Mikhail Meandrov () (1894, Moscow - August 1, 1946) was a Soviet officer (colonel). Taken prisoner by the Germans in World War II near Leningrad in 1941, he later became an important commander (general) in the Nazi-allied Russian Liberation Army. Taken prisoner by the Soviets, he was executed in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19979246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979246" title="That's Them">
That's Them

"That's Them" is the second album by the hip hop duo Artifacts. The album peaked at number 25 on the "Billboard" R&B/Hip hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19979259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979259" title="Lula, The Son of Brasil">
Lula, The Son of Brasil

Lula, The Son of Brazil (; ) is a 2009 biographical Brazilian film based on the early life of former Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. Directed by Fábio Barreto, the film was released on January 1, 2010. Upon its release, "Lula, the son of Brazil" was the most expensive Brazilian film ever, with a budget of over 17 million reais, being later surpassed by "Nosso Lar". On September 23, 2010, the film was unanimously chosen by a Ministry of Culture commission as Brazil's submission to the 83rd Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, despite not having been chosen to compete.
The film was a commercial and critical failure, accused as election propaganda
and producers even aired for free. Some observers in Brazil noted the film was a cult of Personality.
Plot.
The film begins in October 1945 in Garanhuns, a municipality in the countryside of Pernambuco, when Luiz Inácio da Silva, nicknamed Lula, is born as the seventh child of Dona Lindu and Aristides. Two weeks after his birth, Aristides moves to Santos, a coastal city in São Paulo, with Dona Mocinha, a cousin of Dona Lindu. Lindu raises Lula's siblings alone until December 1952, when the family moves to Santos to meet the patriarch. Upon their arrival, Dona Lindu discovers that Aristides had formed a second family with Dona Mocinha. 
Aristides' two families lives in the same house and, as time goes on, they struggle to survive. Lula and his siblings attend elementary school and work as street vendors. Later, Lindu leaves the alcoholic and abusive Aristides and moves with her children to São Paulo. Lula receives a degree as lathe operator and gets a formal job in the car industry, where he loses a finger in a press. This and his brother Ziza's arrest leads him into trade union activism, which made him nationally known in a period when such activities were forbidden. Lula is incarcerated for his activities, just as his mother dies.
Production.
Based on the book of the same name by journalist Denise Paraná, the film narrates the story of Lula from his birth until his mother's death, when he was a 35-year-old union leader detained by the political police of the military dictatorship. The screenplay was written by Paraná, Fábio Barreto and Daniel Tendler. Writer Fernando Bonassi was hired to supervise it.
João Miguel, better known for his role in "Cinema, Aspirinas e Urubus", was initially cast as Lula, but declined due to scheduling problems. Tay Lopez was then cast, but declined due to medical reasons, since the role required him to gain and lose weight quickly and he suffers from hypertension. Little known 30-year-old stage actor Rui Ricardo Dias was then cast as Lula. Other cast members includes Glória Pires as Lula's mother Dona Lindu, Cléo Pires as Lula's first wife Lourdes and Juliana Baroni as Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva. Lucélia Santos, a close friend of Lula, played a small role as his teacher. Milhem Cortaz, known for playing a corrupt police officer in the Golden Bear-winning film "Tropa de Elite", was cast as Lula's father Aristides.
The film was produced by Luiz Carlos Barreto and Paula Barreto, father and sister of the director, respectively. The budget of the film was relatively high for Brazilian cinema standards: over 17 million reais (more than 9.5 million U.S. dollars). The Barretos, which supported Lula on both 2002 and 2006 presidential elections, claimed to have obtained the budget without government funds in order to repel criticism from their work. According to Agência Estado, however, the film was sponsored by several contractors, something extremely unusual for the Brazilian film market. Three of these companies maintain direct business with the federal government.
The shooting of the film began in late January 2009 in the Pernambuco municipality of Garanhuns, Lula's hometown. In February, the second phase of the production began in Santos and Guarujá, cities on the coast of São Paulo where Lula spent most of his childhood. The shooting was predicted to end on March 21, 2009. The film was then edited in time to premiere in some film festivals prior to its wide release in Brazilian cinemas on January 1, 2010.
Cast.
Main cast:
Supporting cast:
Historical background.
Some facts of Lula's early life coincides with several interesting aspects of the Brazilian history, and this is a reason why Paraná decided to write her book, which was also her Ph.D. dissertation at the University of São Paulo History School. During her research for the book, Paraná interviewed Lula himself and several people connected to him. According to her, while listening to Lula's statements, she thought that it was "a poorly written movie script, because everything fits".
Among the facts of Lula's life and the history of Brazil that "fits" together, according to the author, are the death of his first wife by malpractice during labour at the same time that Brazil had one of the highest rates in the world of death in childbirth, the migration of his family to São Paulo at the same time which Brazil was struggling with its largest internal migration wave and Lula's father developing alcoholism at the same time there was an epidemic incidence of this disease in the Northeast region of Brazil.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by Antonio Pinto. The musical taste of Lula was faithfully followed in the preparation of the soundtrack. He requested the sertanejo duo Zezé Di Camargo & Luciano to record "Meu Primeiro Amor", a version of "Lejanía" by Paraguayan composer Herminio Giménez adapted into Portuguese by José Fortuna. The former president also requested the inclusion of two remarkable songs in his life and emotional memories: "Nossa Canção", a romantic samba by Luiz Ayrão, recorded by Nana Caymmi especially for the soundtrack, and "Desesperar Jamais" by Ivan Lins and Vitor Martins, recorded by Ivan and samba player Roberto Ribeiro. The soundtrack is complemented with songs contemporary to the years represented in the film, such as "Sentimental Demais" by Altemar Dutra, "Estúpido Cupido" by Celly Campelo, "Saudosa Maloca" by Demônios da Garoa, and even "Pra Frente Brasil", an anthem for the Brazilian national football team during the 1970 FIFA World Cup. The film's soundtrack album was released a month before the film, marking the first time this has ever happened in Brazil.
Release.
The film premiered at the opening of the 42nd Brasília Film Festival, in the Brazilian federal capital on November 18, 2009, although it was not chosen for the festival's competitive selection. At least 300 people from the Palácio do Planalto attended. In Lula's homestate of Pernambuco, the film premiered in Recife on November 19, being attended by several politicians and the president's relatives. On November 28, Lula himself attended the film's premiere in São Bernardo do Campo, the city where he began his political activity. The film also premiered in João Pessoa and Rio de Janeiro later in 2009. According to Regina Rito's gossip column on newspaper "O Dia", the film's international premiere was held in Washington, D.C. at the request of American president Barack Obama. On January 1, 2010 the film received its wide release, debuting at over 500 cinemas all over Brazil.
Unionized workers were able to purchase the film's tickets for 5 reais (about 2,5 U.S. dollars) between November 20 and December 31, 2009 after a deal made between labour unions Central Única dos Trabalhadores and Força Sindical and the producers. Since its wide release on January 1, 2010, unionized workers were able to buy tickets with a 50% discount.
The film's DVD release happened on May 2009. It has affordable prices, from 10 to 12 reais (around 5 to 7 U.S. dollars), in order to counteract piracy. The DVD has more than 10 extra features, including an exclusive interview with Lula about the film. Upon the DVD release, Tadeu Damiani, president of the Union of Video Rentals of the State of São Paulo and member of opposition party PPS, had sent an open letter to 2,800 video rental stores in the state recommending that they should not buy or rent the film. He spread his plea throughout video rental associations and trade unions in the country. The reason he gave for starting the campaign was the fact that Lula had watched "2 Filhos de Francisco" before being lunched, encouraging piracy. But, there is no evidence that proves that President Lula had watched by illegal means.
On September 23, 2010, "Lula, the son of Brazil" premiered in Argentina. It was screened on 20 cinemas in Buenos Aires, La Plata and Mar del Plata. The release in Argentina had been delayed for four months in order to enjoy the atmosphere of the presidential election in Brazil. Initially, the producers had planned to release the film simultaneously in all South American countries, but logistical issues and the reduced time prevented the plan from taking place. In the United States, the premiere is scheduled for February or March 2011. The distribution will be done by New Yorker Films, which had dropped the film after the Brazil–Turkey–Iran agreement in fear of a boycott led by the Jewish community. The film's ending clip has been modified for foreign audiences. According to producer Luiz Carlos Barreto, the international distributors wanted to highlight Lula's consecration as a global leader. "Instead of pictures in the Northeast, with his family, they want pictures with Obama and the Queen of England. We had this available, but avoided putting it in the original version in order not to get very jingoistic", he said.
The film has two scheduled dates for television premiere. It shall be featured on Canal Brasil's programming in February if the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announces that the film will compete for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. Otherwise, it will be aired in March, in accordance with the rules of the Academy.
Reception.
Public.
"Lula, The Son of Brasil" was a flop. It grossed only two million reais (around one million U.S. dollars) in its first week of release, In spite of the controversy surrounding the film, it was still the second in the box office that week, behind "Avatar". As of January 8, the film had been watched by almost 320,000 people.
After watching the film in London, British Indian actor Ben Kingsley said that "this film is important for the whole world", adding that "history is bigger than Gandhi's". Kingsley won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1982 for his performance as Mahatma Gandhi in the eponymous film.
Critical.
Alexei Barrionuevo, correspondent for "The New York Times" in Brazil, criticized the film for "failing to mention that Lula abandoned his girlfriend, Miriam Cordeiro, when she was six months pregnant". Lurian Cordeiro, Lula's daughter with Miriam, sent a letter to the editor saying that her mother was not "abandoned". Cordeiro said that Lula not only paid for all of her mother's medical costs, but also legally recognized her as his daughter on the very day after her birth. She also noted the fact that none of Lula's children are mentioned in the film, questioning that "If the movie is about my father's path from impoverished immigrant to trade union leader, where do my brothers and I fit in?". She finished the letter by saying that she "loved the film" and that she agrees "with President Obama: Lula is the man!".
Political criticism.
The film has been criticized by the Brazilian press for being released in an electoral year, while Lula was trying to elect his successor Dilma Rousseff. The release date would represent a deliberate attempt to influence the outcome of the election, in order to help Lula's candidate. Rousseff admitted in an interview that the film could influence the outcome of the election. But she added that "there is no possible way to measure the effect of this". The DVD release date, scheduled for May 2010, has also been criticized, as the electoral debate would be warming up. On November 2009, it was revealed that Rede Globo bought the exclusive television rights for the film, but decided to broadcast it only after the elections. 
The biggest criticism, however, is that the film ignores less flattering aspects of Lula's career. According to "O Globo"'s Ricardo Noblat, the film represents an attempt to eliminate all of Lula' failures, making him look like the almost perfect protagonist, showing him in an overly romanticized and heroic role. This would also have electoral purposes, according to him. The film was also criticized by opposition politicians, the press and by many Brazilians because many of the companies that invested in the film - such as the heavy construction firms Odebrecht and Camargo Correa, as well as electric utilities - rely on government concessions and have major contracts with the federal government.
"The New York Times"' Barrionuevo also said that the film may have an impact in the presidential election. He noted that while Lula can not run for re-election, "he hopes to transfer his popularity to his chief of staff and chosen successor, Dilma Rousseff". "Political analysts sees the movie as part of the renovation of the myth of Lula, which could help him return to power in 2014", he added.
Glória Pires, which played Lula's mother in the film, said that "Lula, the son of Brazil" was a victim of political prejudice. According to her, "people saw another movie (...); the film I was in was based on a beautiful story of overcoming adversities, which was about a man that would become president, and not only a movie about the president itself". Main actor Rui Ricardo Dias said that "those in power today does not depend on this film for absolutely nothing. Nor is this production going to change anything in the course of the elections".
Academy Award submission.
On September 23, 2010, "Lula, the son of Brazil" was unanimously chosen by a Ministry of Culture commission as Brazil's submission to the 83rd Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The commission was formed by nine people, among members of the Ministry, the Brazilian Film Academy, the Audiovisual Secretariat, and the National Agency for Cinema. According to Roberto Farias, president of the Brazilian Film Academy and representative for the commission, "we voted in the film that seemed more well done, which honors the Brazilian film industry and has as an actress like Glória Pires, who becomes an excellent candidate for the Best Actress award". 
Director Daniel Filho, whose film "Chico Xavier" was also in the competition to represent Brazil at the Oscars, criticized the Ministry's choice, labelling it as political, and saying that the film's title should have been "Lula, the owner of Brazil". Arnaldo Jabor, whose film "A Suprema Felicidade" was also in the competition for the submission, chose not to comment on the Ministry's choice, saying that the commission "must have had reasons" to choose the film.
According to producer Paula Barreto, the film may not be the best among the 23 competitors for the submission, but is the most adequate for the Academy Awards. She believes that the film was "analyzed by reputable people, who know the film industry and also how the Oscar dispute works". Farias responded the criticism for his commission's choice by saying that "our position has nothing to do with politics". The film didn't make the shortlist published in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19979286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979286" title="Blackie (rapper)">
Blackie (rapper)

Michael LaCour (born 1987 in La Porte, Texas), known by his stage name B L A C K I E... In All Caps, With Spaces (styled B L A C K I E) is an American noise musician and record producer. His music is an array of folk, jazz, noise, hardcore punk, and rap.
History.
Michael LaCour first gained notoriety as B-L-A-C-K-I-E through assembling his own sound systems. At one time his sound system was rumored to consist of over twenty speakers and to be estimated at more than 5,000 watts. These sound systems would propel LaCour to local recognition. Often set up on the floors of nightclubs and warehouses, his massive speaker arrangement coupled with his energetic and many times unscheduled performances caused him to become legendary in Houston.
Music.
LaCour has been called a "one-man noise ordinance violation" and his sound has been described as "equal parts fucked-up electronics, distorted pop-cult samples, guitar feedback, video game noise, and angry-as-hell street flow". He at one point called it "U.S. Grime" and "Thrash-Rap", among other names, and it has left several critics dumbfounded.
Controversy.
While LaCour's manic performances have made him a fan and college-radio favorite, in equal measure they have drawn the ire of many. LaCour has explained in interview that the spelling and spacing of the epithet that he uses as his stage name was chosen for visceral as well as aesthetic reasons. The artist states, 
"...I started writing it down, like over and over and when I would write it normal like just with the B capitalized it looked ugly, I didn’t like how it looked. Then I started writing it in all caps real big all over the paper and I thought it looked really intimidating, really good..." 

</doc>
<doc id="19979303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979303" title="Robert and Raymond Hakim">
Robert and Raymond Hakim

Robert Hakim (19 December 1907 – 9 February 1992) and Raymond Hakim (23 August 1909 – 14 August 1980) were Egyptian-born brothers who usually worked in collaboration as film producers in France and other European countries. Their brother André Hakim is also a film producer.
Initially working for the American company Paramount, they formed the company Paris-Film Production in 1934, and financed Julien Duvivier's "Pépé le Moko" in 1936, Jean Renoir's "La Bête Humaine" (1938) and Marcel Carné's "Le Jour se lève" ("Daybreak" 1939), all starring Jean Gabin, before the brothers emigrated to the United States. 
After the war they worked on several American films, including Renoir's "The Southerner" (1945) and "The Long Night", a remake of "Le Jour se lève" with Henry Fonda.
In 1950 they returned to France and embarked on producing films aimed at an international audience. "Casque d'or" (1953) effectively launched the career of Simone Signoret and "Plein Soleil" (1960) did the same for Alain Delon. "Notre Dame de Paris" with Anthony Quinn as Quasimodo and Gina Lollobrigida as Esmeralda was internationally successful, but not critically well received.
In the 1960s they made two films with a "nouvelle vague" director, Claude Chabrol with "À double tour" (1959) and "Les Bonnes Femmes" (1960), but worked with older directors (Luis Buñuel "Belle de jour" 1968) sometimes relatively new to international audiences (Michelangelo Antonioni "L'eclisse" 1962). They also worked with Roger Vadim on a remake of "La Ronde" (1964), which starred Vadim's then wife, Jane Fonda. 
The Hakim's have a mixed reputation; American director Joseph Losey had an especially fraught relationship with them while making "Eva" (1962). In post-production, Losey and his team found the film had been recut during the weekend without their consultation; Losey and Robert Hakim almost came to blows. Michel Legrand was commissioned for the score without consultation too, but like actor Jeanne Moreau, was not paid any fee.

</doc>
<doc id="19979308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979308" title="Estadio Olímpico (La Vega)">
Estadio Olímpico (La Vega)

Estadio Olímpico is a multi-use stadium in Concepción de la Vega, Dominican Republic. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home games of Jarabacoa of the Primera División de Republica Dominicana. The stadium holds 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19979321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979321" title="Iraqi Revolutionary Communists">
Iraqi Revolutionary Communists

Iraqi Revolutionary Communists was the name of a political organization in Iraq. The group was formed after a split from the Iraqi Communist Party in the wake of the break between the Communist Party and the Baath-led National Progressive Front in 1979. The Iraqi Revolutionary Communists called for complete rejection of Baathist rule and armed struggle against the regime. Moreover it questioned why the Communist Party had entered into an alliance with the Baathists in the first place, and issued criticism against perceived lack of internal democracy in the Communist Party. The Iraqi Revolutionary Communists published a periodical called "al-Asas".

</doc>
<doc id="19979347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979347" title="L'Anse Creuse High School">
L'Anse Creuse High School

L'Anse Creuse High School is a public school in Harrison Township, Michigan. It is a part of L'Anse Creuse Public Schools.
Curriculum.
LCHS offers a full curriculum. In addition to the classical topics (math, English, science), the school offers a full range of art classes, three foreign languages (Spanish, German, French), flourishing band and choir programs, The LCHS Marching Band has gone to MCBA (Michigan Competing Band Association) State Finals 8 out of the 10 past years, this current year placing 4th in the state of Michigan. The LCHS choir has won many awards including first place at a competition in New York, and third in Washington DC against choirs from all over the country. 
For students seeking a challenging curriculum in science and technology and students who are pursuing vocational interests, classes are also offered at the F.V. Pankow Center for credit. Students who attend both institutions typically spend half a day at each.

</doc>
<doc id="19979352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979352" title="Mann Vasanai">
Mann Vasanai

Mann Vasanai is a 1983 Indian Tamil language film starring Revathi,Pandiyan, Vinu Chakravarthy, Kantimathi, and Y. Vijaya. It is remade as "Mangammagari Manavadu" in 1984 directed by Kodi Ramakrishna in Telugu language. It is also highly successful.
Plot.
Movie produced by Chithra Lakshmanan under the banner of Gayathri Films with a huge success.
Love, village feud and circumstances lead a young man to abandon his village and lover and head to the armed forces. Upon his return, his lover realizes that things are never going to be the same again.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

</doc>
<doc id="19979357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979357" title="Estadio Anna Mercedes Campos">
Estadio Anna Mercedes Campos

Estadio Anna Mercedes Campos is a multi-use stadium in Sonsonate, El Salvador. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of C.D. Sonsonate. The stadium holds 8,000 spectators. 
It is named after Anna Mercedes Campos la “morocha”, a javelin gold medallist in the 1954 Central American and Caribbean Games held in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19979364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979364" title="Heinrich Lilienfein">
Heinrich Lilienfein

Heinrich Lilienfein (November 20, 1879 - December 20, 1954) was a German writer.

</doc>
<doc id="19979366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979366" title="Mata River">
Mata River

The Mata River is a river of the East Coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It flows northeast from the slopes of Mount Arowhana in the Raukumara Range to join with the Tapuaeroa River close to the settlement of Ruatoria, in doing so forming the Waiapu River, which reaches the Pacific Ocean near Rangitukia, 10 kilometres south of East Cape.

</doc>
<doc id="19979379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979379" title="Pencil Rocket">
Pencil Rocket

The Pencil Rocket was developed for the Japanese Space Agency (JAXA). A prominent engineer on the project was Hideo Itokawa. The rocket was launched in 1955. The dimensions were 23cm in length by 1.8cm in diameter, weighing 200 grams.
Bibliography.
Story of the Pencil Rocket as told by the Japanese Space Agency (JAXA)

</doc>
<doc id="19979382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979382" title="Institute for creativity research">
Institute for creativity research

The Institute for Creativity Research (ICR) was founded in 1995 as a semi-independent research center for studying and affecting how the brain produces original thought. The ICR is housed within the Russian research center Psychotechnology Research Institute in Moscow.
Headed by the Swedish neuropsychologist Lars Ericksson since 1997, the ICR bases its research on transcranial magnetic stimulation methods. The ICR is notable for having developed an electromagnetic stimulation capprototype to increase the brain's creative capabilities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19979384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979384" title="Estadio Hanz Usko">
Estadio Hanz Usko

Estadio Hanz Usko is a multi-use stadium in La Libertad, El Salvador. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of AD El Tránsito. The stadium holds 3,000 spectators.
The staduim was named in tribute to Hans Gunter Usko the former head of Bayer, who was a major sponsor to ADET, who was killed in a robbery gone wrong [http://wvw.nacion.com/CentroAmerica/Archivo/1995/octubre/30/cablesal.html].

</doc>
<doc id="19979404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979404" title="Estadio Las Delicias">
Estadio Las Delicias

Estadio Las Delicias is a multi-use stadium in Santa Tecla, El Salvador. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Santa Tecla F.C.. The stadium holds 3,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="19979412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979412" title="Heraldic knot">
Heraldic knot

A heraldic knot (referred to in heraldry as simply a knot) is a knot, unknot, or design incorporating a knot used in European heraldry. While a given knot can be used on more than one family's achievement of arms, the family on whose coat the knot originated usually gives its name to the said knot (the exception being the Tristram knot). These knots can be used to charge shields and crests, but can also be used in badges or as standalone symbols of the families for whom they are named (like Scottish plaids). The simplest of these patterns, the Bowen knot, is often referred to as "the" heraldic knot in symbolism and art outside of heraldry.

</doc>
<doc id="19979417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979417" title="Kinkynasti">
Kinkynasti

Kinkynasti is the second album from Cincinnati hip-hop group Five Deez. It was released on !K7 Records. The album name is a slang name variation for the city of Cincinnati, USA. It features production from the group's producer/MC Fat Jon and rapping also provided by the other three members of the group Pase Rock, Kyle David, and Sonic. The album holds more of a classic hip-hop sound than their previous work, Koolmotor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19979431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979431" title="We Are the Ocean">
We Are the Ocean

We Are The Ocean are a four piece rock band from Loughton, Essex, England, consisting guitarist, vocalist Liam Cromby, bass guitarist Jack Spence, guitarist Alfie Scully and drummer Tom Whittaker. Vocalist Dan Brown left the band in 2012. They are signed to Hassle Records in the United Kingdom and SideOneDummy Records in the United States.
Over the course of their career they have released three LPs: "Cutting Our Teeth" in 2010, "Go Now and Live" in 2011 and Their third LP, "Maybe Today, Maybe Tomorrow" was released on 17 September 2012 through Hassle Records in the United Kingdom and SideOneDummy Records in the United States. They take their Dad on tour with them.
History.
Formation and self-titled debut EP (2007–2008).
Dan Brown and Jack Spence were formally in a band named "Dead But Still Dreaming", and when they disbanded they set about finding new members for a new band. They had formed a full line-up again by 2007 with Liam Cromby, Rickie Bloom and Tom Whittaker, and still under the original name of "Dead But Still Dreaming". After a while, Bloom left the band and was eventually replaced by Alfie Scully. Shortly after the creation of this solid line-up, the band decided on a new start with the name We Are The Ocean. 
The band quickly shot to prominence thanks mainly to MySpace and were nominated for Kerrang! Best British Newcomer and voted K! Readers Poll 2nd best unsigned UK band. They released their debut EP entitled "We Are The Ocean" in 2008, selling 1000 limited edition copies in 1 day.
"Cutting Our Teeth" and subsequent touring (2008–2010).
We Are The Ocean have an extensive tour history, having toured all over the UK, Europe, the US and Australia. They have played countless festivals, including the main stage at Reading and Leeds Festival, Download Festival, and are one of few UK bands invited to play Bamboozle festival in New Jersey, USA, one of the largest alternative/punk festivals in the world.
We Are The Ocean started writing material for their debut album around December 2008. The album was produced by Brian McTernan (Thrice, The Bled, Converge) at Salad Days Studio in Baltimore, USA. They were originally aiming for a Summer 2009 release but for unknown reasons the album release date was delayed many times. Pushing back to November, then pushed back again to 25 January 2010, and finally pushed back to 1 February 2010.
The band re-released "Cutting Our Teeth" in October 2010 as a deluxe edition with a second disc, featuring the highly sought limited edition EP, and four unheard tracks. The re-release has received positive feedback from critics.
Departure of Dan Brown and "Maybe Today, Maybe Tomorrow" (2011–present).
We Are The Ocean recorded their second album, titled "Go Now and Live", with Pete Miles (The King Blues, Canterbury). The album's singles "What It Feels Like", "The Waiting Room" and "Runaway" were all playlisted on Radio 1, and received heavy rotation on many radio and television stations. The album reached number 45 in the chart in its first week. After this happened, the band members attempted to recruit the famous White Shadow player, Jaash 41. However, he stayed with the band.
On 1 March 2012, We Are the Ocean released that they will be entering the studio in May to record their third full-length album. On 5 June 2012, it was announced on their Facebook page that the band had parted ways with frontman Dan Brown, who would instead be pursuing a career as a band manager. Cromby will now be the primary vocalist. Brown later revealed in an interview with RockSound magazine that his former band mates had fired him from We Are the Ocean due to the belief that he was no longer making a significant contribution to the creative process of writing the new album. Although the remaining members of We Are the Ocean requested that Brown remain as their manager, he declined. Their third studio album "Maybe today, Maybe Tomorrow" was released in the UK on 17 September 2012.
On 30 March 2013 We Are The Ocean performed at Radstock Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19979434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979434" title="Estadio Mauricio Vides">
Estadio Mauricio Vides

Estadio Mauricio Vides is a multi-use stadium in Ilobasco, El Salvador. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of C.D. El Roble. The stadium holds 4,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="19979478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979478" title="Estadio León Gómez">
Estadio León Gómez

Estadio León Gómez is a football stadium in Tela, Honduras. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Parrillas One. The stadium holds 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19979496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979496" title="Adessoye Oyewole">
Adessoye Oyewole

Adessoye Oyetundzhievich Oyewole (; born September 18, 1982 in Moscow) is a Russian football defender of Nigerian heritage. He plays as a defensive midfielder or a central defender. He plays for FC Gazovik Orenburg on loan from FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast.
He played in Russian youth national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19979503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979503" title="Live at the Berlin Wall">
Live at the Berlin Wall

Live at the Berlin Wall is a two-part live CD album series by Psychic TV released in 1990 on the Temple Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="19979505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979505" title="Estadio Javier Cruz">
Estadio Javier Cruz

Estadio Javier Cruz 'Artes y Oficios' is a multi-purpose stadium. It located at the corner of Ricardo J. Alfaro Avenue and Vía Simón Bolivar in Panama City, Republic of Panama; close to Colegio de Artes Y Oficios Melchor Lasso de La Vega, from which it has received part of his name. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Chorrillo F.C. and Plaza Amador from the Liga Panameña de Futbol. The stadium holds 2,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19979513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979513" title="Mike Plowden">
Mike Plowden

Michael Plowden (1958 - Pinhal Novo, 28 February 2008), known as Mike Plowden, was an American-born Portuguese naturalized basketball player and coach. He was a power forward.
Plowden came to Portugal still in his 20s to play for Barreirense. He later would represent Benfica, in the best years of his career, winning several National Champion titles and the Cup of Portugal.
He was capped 61 times for Portugal, since 1988.
Plowden, after ending his player career, become a coach. He died suddenly while coaching Quintajense, at his team pavilion.

</doc>
<doc id="19979524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979524" title="Estadio Glorias Costeñas">
Estadio Glorias Costeñas

Estadio Glorias Costeñas is a multi-use stadium in Bluefields, Nicaragua. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium to Deportivo Bluefields. The stadium holds 4,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19979554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979554" title="2004 NASDAQ-100 Open">
2004 NASDAQ-100 Open

The 2004 NASDAQ-100 Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 20th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Masters Series of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2004 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 24 through April 4, 2004.
The men's tournament was notable as it featured the first ever meeting between Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, with Nadal causing an upset, 6–3, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="19979567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979567" title="Rangitukia">
Rangitukia

Rangitukia is a small settlement 10 kilometres south of East Cape in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located close to the mouth of the Waiapu River. 
In Rangitukia, the two main Marae are called Hinepare and Ohinewaiapu 
St John's Church is located straight across the road from Hinepare Marae. 
At the Urupa (Cemetery) notable burials include Cannon Hone Kaa and Ex Maori All Black George Nepia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19979615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979615" title="Hupmobile Club Sedan – R">
Hupmobile Club Sedan – R

Hupmobile Club Sedan – R was a vehicle produced by the Hupp Motor Company.
Hupmobile Club Sedan – R specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:

</doc>
<doc id="19979636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979636" title="United States Senate election in Oregon, 2002">
United States Senate election in Oregon, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in Oregon was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Gordon Smith ran for re-election to a second term. Oregon Secretary of State Bill Bradbury emerged as the Democratic nominee, and though a competitive gubernatorial election occurred at the same time, Bradbury's campaign was never able to gain traction and Smith overwhelmingly won re-election.
General election.
Campaign.
Smith, who had only served one term in the U.S. Senate, had slightly lower than a 50% approval rating before the summer of 2002 began. By July 2002, Smith had raised over $5 million, while Bradbury raised only about $1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19979675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979675" title="Mount Arowhana">
Mount Arowhana

Mount Arowhana lies in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. Part of the backbone of the range, which forms part of a line of mountains extending across much of the North Island, 1440 metre (4724 ft) Arowhana is second only to Mount Hikurangi in terms of height within the Raukumara Range.
The mountain is at the centre of a major watershed, with the Mata River, Waipaoa River, and a tributary of the Motu River all having their sources on its slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="19979690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979690" title="Oakgrove School">
Oakgrove School

Oakgrove School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Middleton district of south-east Milton Keynes.
Oakgrove School opened in September 2005 with slightly more than 300 students, and currently has over 1000 students on roll in Years 7-12 due to the opening of the £15 million Sixth Form Centre in September 2009.
The school has had one OFSTED report scoring ‘outstanding’ or ‘good’ in every aspect. The school has been visited by many celebrities, such as Fearne Cotton, The Scary Guy, and Honey Ryder.
The school gained academy status on 1 February 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19979694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979694" title="Bric-a-Brac">
Bric-a-Brac

Bric-a-Brac is a British children's television series devised by Michael Cole and Nick Wilson, and starring well known children's television presenter Brian Cant. It was produced by the BBC and originally ran from 1 October until 5 November 1980, with another series from 18 August to 29 September 1982. It was repeated frequently until 1989. 
The programme was set in a fictitious junk shop, with its shopkeeper played by Cant, who would deliver a monologue to camera. Each episode centred on a particular letter of the alphabet, with different items beginning with that letter found and discussed by the shopkeeper. Cant's script made heavy use of alliteration, and made use of tongue-twisters. At the end of each episode, he would wind up and set off a traditional clockwork toy, upon which the camera would focus whilst the credits rolled.
Presenters.
The programme was presented by Brian Cant throughout its run.

</doc>
<doc id="19979699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979699" title="Ivan Ivanišević">
Ivan Ivanišević

Ivan Ivanišević (born 23 November 1977) is a Serbian chess player and International Grandmaster of Chess.

</doc>
<doc id="19979703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979703" title="Maungahaumi">
Maungahaumi

Maungahaumi is a mountain in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. 
Part of the backbone of the range, which forms part of a line of mountains extending across much of the North Island, 1213 metre (3979 ft) Maungahaumi is the southernmost of the Raukumara Range's four major peaks. To the southwest of the peak is a saddle separating the Raukumara Range from the Huiarau Range - this saddle, with its highest point at the 725 metre Traffords Hill, is crossed by State Highway 2, the main road link between Gisborne and Opotiki in the Bay of Plenty.
Several rivers have their sources on the slopes of Maungahaumi, including the Motu River and several tributaries of the Waipaoa River.

</doc>
<doc id="19979728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979728" title="Darío Felman">
Darío Felman

Darío Luis Felman (born 25 October 1951 in Mendoza) is a retired Argentine football striker who won the Copa Libertadores and Intercontinental Cup with Boca Juniors in 1977.
Club career.
Felman started his career at Gimnasia y Esgrima de Mendoza in 1970 and is considered to have been one of the best footballers ever to play for the club. In 1974 he joined Independiente Rivadavia.
In 1975 he joined Boca Juniors and in 1976 he was part of the team that won back to back championships. The following season Boca went on to win the Copa Libertadores 1977 and he scored a goal in their 3–0 win over Borussia Mönchengladbach to win the Copa Intercontinental.
In 1978 Felman joined Valencia of Spain where he played alongside fellow Argentine Mario Kempes. In 1979 he was part of the Valencia squad that won the Copa del Rey and in 1980 the club won the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Super Cup.
In 1984 Felman returned to Argentina and his first team Gimnasia y Esgrima de Mendoza.
International career.
In 1976 Felman joined up with Menotti's Selección del Interior and in 1977 he played against Hungary alongside a young Diego Maradona who was making his international debut.
Managerial career.
Felman had a brief spell as manager of Independiente Rivadavia, since then he has worked as assistant to Chino Benítez at Boca Juniors and Municipal of Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="19979751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979751" title="Seven Hills Halt railway station">
Seven Hills Halt railway station

Seven Hills Halt railway station was a railway station in Suffolk, England on the branch line between Thetford and Bury St Edmunds. It was closed in 1953, along with the rest of the branch.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19979767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979767" title="The Odd Egg">
The Odd Egg

The Odd Egg is a children's picture book by Emily Gravett.
Plot.
An odd duck finds an old egg. He is jealous of mother birds having eggs. So he adopts the big egg that has green spots that matches his feathers. The other birds make fun of him about it. When each egg breaks open, only the odd duck's egg remains. The egg hatches later and it is an alligator. The alligator acts like a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="19979776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979776" title="Mount Raukumara">
Mount Raukumara

Mount Raukumara is the northernmost major peak in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. Part of the backbone of the range, which forms part of a line of mountains extending across much of the North Island, 1343 metre (4404 ft) Raukumara is the third-highest peak in the range. It is clearly visible from a great distance at sea, beaing located only 25 kilometres from both Cape Runaway and East Cape.
Several rivers have their sources on the slopes of raukumara, among them tributaries of the Raukokore and Tapuaeroa Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="19979785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979785" title="Jack Webster (police officer)">
Jack Webster (police officer)

Jack Webster (August 1923-June 27, 2002), nicknamed Copper Jack, was a leading police officer, administrator and police historian in Toronto, Canada.
Webster was born in Toronto to an immigrant family from Scotland. At age sixteen, he lied about his age to join the Royal Canadian Engineers; he later said that he was afraid World War II would already be over if he waited until the legal age of eighteen. Webster was in the army for five years, and served in France, Belgium and the Netherlands. 
He joined the Toronto police force on the same day he was discharged from the army in 1945, and was assigned to a street patrol on Queen Street West. He once identified a person he had seen on his beat as escaped German prisoner of war Wolfgang Friedlander, which nearly led to Friedlander's capture in Quebec (Friedlander later turned himself in, fearing his identity would be discovered). Webster was the last constable to ride a bicycle on his beat, and was the last Toronto policeman to wear a bobby's helmet and tight-necked tunic on duty. In 1958, he was appointed to the city's newly formed Robbery Squad.
Webster later became commander of Toronto's homicide squad, and is credited with solving 85 murders. One of the murderers he helped capture was Detroit gangster Arthur Lucas, who was one of the last two criminals executed in Canada before abolition of capital punishment. Webster recounted that before his execution, Lucas calmly thanked Webster and his partner for handling the case in a fair manner. Webster said in a 1987 interview that he supported capital punishment, but did not believe it would be re-established in Canada.
Webster became chief of detectives, and was eventually chosen to lead the force in Scarborough. In 1976, he became leader of the force in Etobicoke with the rank of Staff Superintendent. He once declined an offer to become deputy police chief of Metro Toronto. Had he accepted the offer, he could have become the city's Chief of Police.
He retired from the force in 1988, but returned to work as an official historian at the Toronto Police Museum. In 1991, he published an autobiography entitled "Copper Jack: My Life on the Force", co-written with mystery writer Rosemary Aubert. He moved to Winnipeg in 2000 to spend more time with his family. His daughter, Rosemary Vodrey, was a senior cabinet minister in the Manitoba provincial government of Gary Filmon during the 1990s.
Webster died in 2002, at age 78. Veteran "Toronto Star" crime reporter Gwyn "Jocko" Thomas spoke at his funeral, and described him as a "superb police officer".

</doc>
<doc id="19979791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979791" title="Alexander Riazantsev">
Alexander Riazantsev

Alexander Riazantsev (born September 12, 1985) is a Russian chess player and International Grandmaster.
In 1997, he won the World Chess U12 Championship in Cannes, France. In 2006, he came first in the Moscow championship. In 2010, he tied for 1st–7th with Vitali Golod, Nadezhda Kosintseva, Leonid Kritz, Sebastien Feller, Christian Bauer, Sebastien Maze in the 43rd Biel Chess Festival and won the event on tie-break after all scored 8/11.
In September 2011, Riazantsev was appointed Russian national team coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19979825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979825" title="East Coasting">
East Coasting

East Coasting is an album by Charles Mingus, recorded and released in 1957. It was reissued on CD with bonus takes in 1993.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "One of Charles Mingus's lesser-known band sessions, this set of five of his originals (plus the standard "Memories of You") features his usual sidemen of the period (trombonist Jimmy Knepper, trumpeter Clarence Shaw, Shafi Hadi on tenor and alto and drummer Dannie Richmond) along with pianist Bill Evans. The music stretches the boundaries of bop, is never predictable and, even if this is not one of Mingus's more acclaimed dates, it is well worth acquiring for the playing is quite stimulating.".

</doc>
<doc id="19979896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979896" title="Hupmobile Touring – E">
Hupmobile Touring – E

Hupmobile Touring – E was a vehicle produced by the Hupp Motor Company.
Hupmobile Touring - E specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Optional equipment.
The following equipment was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:

</doc>
<doc id="19979904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979904" title="Tripledacus">
Tripledacus

The Tripledacus is a fictional character from the Transformers universe.
Beast Wars Second.
In Beast Wars II, Tripledacus is a combiner team. Its component parts, a lobster (Gimlet), a Japanese rhinoceros beetle (Motorarm) and a cicada (DJ).
The Jointron have a tendency to mix in bad Spanish language phrases and to have certain affinity for Mexican culture, as they are sometimes wearing sombreros and playing maracas.
The combined form of DJ, Motorarm and Gimlet. Taller than even Galvatron and practically a match for Lio Convoy in abilities, he only lacks in mobility. His right hand is the Triple Blaster, an all-purpose gun formed from the union of the three Jointrons' weapons. It can slice a tank into thirds, or fire its Seven-Year Sword missiles to sink a battleship 4 km away. His left hand is composed of Motorarm's Magma Horns, which melt whatever they touch.
Animated series.
The Jointron Bothers first appear in episode #14, "The Combined Giant, Tripledacus " where their ship crashes on the planet. Upon arriving on Gaea the Jointrons briefly fight Bighorn, Diver, Tasmanian Kid, Starscream and BB. After chasing away the Predacons the Tripledacus notice the remaining mechs are Maximals and become friends with them. Later, when Tripledacus confronts Megastorm, Starscream and BB the Maximals arrive to chase the Predacons away from their new ally.
The Jointron Bothers appear in episode #15, "The Festive Jointrons", where they throw a party with the Maximals which is invaded by Dirge and Thrust. They are able to get the Predacons to party, who end up getting drunk. They later fight the Predacons Autoroller and Autostinger, combining into Tripledacus to overpower them. The Jointrons then return to partying.
The Jointrons then appear in episode #16, "A Fearsome Combination Plan?" where they fight Starscream and BB.
The Jointrons appear in episode #17, "Who Is the Leader!?" where they are captured by the Predacons but then rescued by the Maximals.
The Jointron Brothers appear in "" segment "Lio Convoy Crisis". In this episode the Jointron Brothers fight the Seacons.
IDW Publishing.
Tripledacus had a biography printed in the "Beast Wars Sourcebook" by IDW Publishing. In this book it is established that the Jointrons purposely made his form a mockery of the Predacon Tripredacus.
Morotarm and Gimlet have small cameos in "Beast Wars: The Ascending" #4 as rioting Cybertonians. They are depicted in Cybertornian robot forms.

</doc>
<doc id="19979910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979910" title="Waipaoa River">
Waipaoa River

The "Waipaoa River" is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It rises on the eastern slopes of the Raukumara Range, flowing south for 80 kilometres to reach Poverty Bay and the Pacific Ocean just south of Gisborne. For about half of this distance its valley is followed by State Highway 2. The river has several important tributaries, among them the Wharekopai, Waikohu, Mangatu, Waingaromia and Waihora rivers. Major settlements along the banks of the river include Te Karaka, Ormond, and Patutahi.

</doc>
<doc id="19979947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979947" title="Marwin Pita">
Marwin Pita

Marwin Jonathan Pita Mora (born April 17, 1985) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for El Nacional. He plays as a Striker for his team.
Club career.
Pita has played for many teams in Ecuador, including Macará, LDU Quito, and El Nacional.
Liga de Quito.
In his youth years he played for LDU Quito. Although he came out of the youth ranks of LDUQ, he made no appearances for his team. Liga was not interested with Pita and as a result he was loaned out to Macará.
Macará.
In 2005, Marwin was loaned out to Club Social y Deportivo Macará. For two years he stayed in Macará scoring goals. He was a key player and was having marvelous performances. In a game against Azogues, he had a hat-trick and was the best player of that game. He caught the eye of several Ecuadorian teams primarily Club Sport Emelec and Club Deportivo El Nacional. His hard work and talent gave him a good result during the end of his contract with Macará in the 2007 winter transfer window.
El Nacional.
In the winter transfer window of 2008, Marwin was granted a loan move to El Nacional. He was used as a substitute during his first days with his new club. However, he became an important player for the club and is now a regular starter being used as a midfielder or a striker. He has been scoring goals for Nacional and is one of the best players of his team.

</doc>
<doc id="19979963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979963" title="William W. Early House (Brandywine, Maryland)">
William W. Early House (Brandywine, Maryland)

The William W. Early House is a Queen Anne-style house located at Brandywine in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, and is privately owned. It was constructed in 1907. According to a 1989 Historic American Buildings Survey report on the house, "The William W. Early House is probably the best example of turn-of-the-century Queen Anne-style domestic architecture in the county."
History.
William W. Early had the house built on the property of his childhood home which included 23 acres of land. He was the grandson of William H. Early, an important landowner and developer of the village of Brandywine. William W. Early was the general manager for the Southern Maryland Railroad; this house contained his business office. The family resided in the house until 1949.
There were minor changes to the house in 1940 and 1970 for modernization.
William W. Early House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Architecture.
This Queen Anne style house is roughly square, with a hip-roofed -story main block, and asymmetrical gable-roofed extensions, projecting bays, and corner tower, all decorated with fine jigsawn and shingle detail. A two-story octagonal tower forms one corner of the house.
Present.
The current house with 3,221 square feet of living space is on 3.27 acres. There was an extensive restoration in 2002. It has been featured on the Home and Garden Network's "Old Homes Restored".

</doc>
<doc id="19979979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979979" title="1932–33 Montreal Canadiens season">
1932–33 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1932–33 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 24th season. The Canadiens again qualified for the playoffs, finishing third in their division. The club again met and lost to the New York Rangers in the playoffs.
The summer led to changes in the Canadiens organization. First, a change occurred in the team ownership. Louis Letourneau, regarded as a positive influence on the team, "generous in his praise and encouragement" sold his interest in the Canadiens to his partners Leo Dandurand and Joe Cattarinich.
After the disappointing 1931–32 season, Cecil Hart faced pressure from fans to resign his position in favour of a French-Canadian. When Hart, an independent insurance broker, had signed on as coach, the season was four and a half months and 36 games. Now it was 48 games and seven months. A combination of the pressure, and the negative effects on his business, led him to resign in August 1932. Former Canadiens star Newsy Lalonde would take over as coach.
Regular season.
Economic conditions in Montreal, part of the Great Depression caused attendance to decline. Over 40,000 families and 150,000 individuals were receiving social assistance. The team would lose $20,000 dollars on the season.
On the ice, the Canadiens under new coach Lalonde spent much of the season in last place, but managed to make the playoffs when they rallied to finish third. Howie Morenz, who had previously led the league in scoring, declined in production, and Aurel Joliat took over as the team leader in scoring.
Playoffs.
In the first round the Canadiens met the New York Rangers, who had placed third in the American Division. The Canadiens lost the two-games total-goals series 8–5.
Roster.
Sources: 

</doc>
<doc id="19979981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19979981" title="Andrew Ernest Robinson">
Andrew Ernest Robinson

Andrew Ernest Robinson (27 November 1893 – 13 May 1964) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Kincardine Township, Ontario and became a farmer and insurance agent by career.
He was first elected at the Bruce riding in the 1945 general election and served in the 20th Canadian Parliament. In the following election in 1949, Robinson was defeated by Donald Buchanan Blue of the Liberal party, but reclaimed the Bruce riding in the 1953 election and was re-elected there for successive terms in the 1957, 1958 and 1962 federal elections. Robinson left federal office in 1963 after completing his term in the 25th Canadian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19980001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980001" title="Andrew Robinson">
Andrew Robinson

Andrew Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19980014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980014" title="Seth Jordan">
Seth Jordan

Seth Jordan (SJ), born on July 16, 1975 in Queens, New York is an American composer and songwriter. He scored the multi-award winning film "The Backyard" in 2002 and "Redemption" in 2003. In 2011, he served as a music supervisor for Michael Zelniker's "Falling..."
Personal.
His sister, Pauli, was on the first season of MTV's Sorority Life

</doc>
<doc id="19980029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980029" title="Coelemu">
Coelemu

Coelemu is a Chilean commune and city in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region. According to the 2002 census, the commune population was 16,082 and has an area of .
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Coelemu spans an area of and has 16,082 inhabitants (8,086 men and 7,996 women). Of these, 9,845 (61.2%) lived in urban areas and 6,237 (38.8%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 867% (14,419 persons).
Besides the city of Coelemu, within the commune of Coelemu are the following towns and localities (all of less than 1,000 inhabitants):
Administration.
As a commune, Coelemu is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Laura Aravena Alarcón (ILE).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Coelemu is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, San Nicolás, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Ránquil, Quillón, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19980039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980039" title="Konrad Spindleshanks">
Konrad Spindleshanks

Konrad Spindleshanks (; b. 1146/57 - d. by 17 January 1190), was a Duke of Głogów since 1177 until his death.
He was the third and youngest surviving son of Władysław II the Exile by his wife Agnes of Babenberg, daughter of Margrave Leopold III of Austria and half-sister of King Conrad III of Germany.
Life.
Little is known about Konrad's first years of life. He probably was born around 1146 in Altenburg, were his family lived in exile after Władysław II's deposition. As the youngest child, he was prepared for an ecclestical career at the Benedictine Abbey of Fulda. He was still a minor in 1163, when his elder brothers Bolesław I the Tall and Mieszko I Tanglefoot, backed by the Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa, returned to Poland and received the Duchy of Silesia from their uncle High Duke Bolesław IV the Curly. Konrad probably remained in Germany at that time.
Bolesław I the Tall and Mieszko I Tanglefoot first ruled jointly but soon came into conflict with each other and in 1173 divided the Duchy. Bolesław then ruled over the larger part of Lower Silesia including Wrocław and Głogów and Mieszko obtained Racibórz and Cieszyn. When Konrad came of age he return to Silesia and also claimed his rights, nevertheless as the quarrels between the brothers continued, it was not until 1177, when Bolesław I the Tall at the instance of the High Duke Casimir II the Just ceded the newly established Duchy of Głogów to him.
Konrad had never married and had no children. As he is not mentioned after 1178, he may have died shortly afterwards, although some sources ranked his death around 1190. His domains were inherited by his brother Bolesław.

</doc>
<doc id="19980113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980113" title="Chillán Viejo">
Chillán Viejo

Chillán Viejo is a city and commune (Spanish: "comuna") in the Ñuble Province of Chile's eighth region of Biobío ("VIII Región de Biobío"). According to the 2002 census, the population of the commune was 22,084 and it has an area of .
History.
Originally Chillán Viejo was the location of a Spanish fort with the name of "San Ildefonso", established in 1565, during the campaign of Pedro de Villagra against Loble and the Mapuche north of the Biobío River. Ordered in 1579 to establish a city at the site by Governor Rodrigo de Quiroga, Martin Ruiz de Gamboa founded the city on June 25, 1580 after replacing Quiroga as governor following his death. He gave it the name "San Bartolomé de Chillán y Gamboa" and populated it with 50 Spaniards and 60 more in the fort. It suffered a number of attacks before it was destroyed by the Mapuche in 1599 after the Disaster of Curalaba. Governor Francisco de Quiñónez immediately repaired it in April 1599. Later, in 1655, the same Mapuche and the neighboring Pehuenches forced the citizens to abandon it again. When it was again reoccupied, it was demolished by an earthquake on March 15, 1657. It was repopulated again in 1663, under Ángel de Saldia. The earthquake of May 25, 1751, that ruined old Concepcion, also damaged the city, aggravated considerably by a simultaneous extraordinary flooding of the Chillán River. This forced its transfer two years later to the site that it occupies today.
It acquired some fame during the Chilean War of Independence, especially in the Siege of Chillan from July 15 to August 12, 1813, after the death in her (May 21 of that year) of the Spanish leader, Antonio Pareja, and it was sacked by the royalist "montoneras" of Pincheira on September 18, 1819. It became the capital of the Chillán Department and after it was ruined in the earthquake of February 20, 1835, most of its population was moved to the northeast to form the present city of Chillán.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Chillán Viejo spans an area of and has 22,084 inhabitants (10,791 men and 11,293 women). Of these, 18,827 (85.3%) lived in urban areas and 3,257 (14.7%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 32.1% (5,369 persons). The demonym for a person from Chillán Viejo is "Chillanvejano" or "Chillanvejana" for a woman.
Chillán Viejo was the birthplace of Francisco Núñez de Pineda y Bascuñán in 1607 and Bernardo O'Higgins in 1778.
Administration.
As a commune, Chillán Viejo is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Felipe Alwin Lagos (Ind.). The municipal council has the following members:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Chillán Viejo is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Carlos Abel Jarpa (PRSD) and Rosauro Martínez (RN) as part of the 41st electoral district, (together with Chillán, Coihueco, Pinto, San Ignacio, El Carmen, Pemuco and Yungay). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz-Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19980114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980114" title="Target strength">
Target strength

The target strength or "acoustic size" is a measure of the reflection coefficient of a sonar target. This is usually quantified as a number of negative decibels. For fish such as salmon, the target size varies with the length of the fish and a 5 cm fish would have a target size of about -50 db.
Target strength (TS) is equal to 10 log10("σ"bs), where "σ"bs is the backscattering cross section.

</doc>
<doc id="19980133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980133" title="Influenza-like illness">
Influenza-like illness

Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of "possible" influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection.
Symptoms commonly include fever, shivering, chills, malaise, dry cough, loss of appetite, body aches and nausea, typically in connection with a sudden onset of illness. In most cases, the symptoms are caused by cytokines released by immune system activation. and are thus relatively non-specific.
Common causes of ILI include the common cold and influenza, which tends to be less common but more severe than the common cold. Still less common causes include side effects of many drugs and manifestations of many other diseases.
Causes.
The causes of influenza-like illness range from benign self-limited illnesses such as gastroenteritis, rhinoviral disease, and influenza, to severe, sometimes life-threatening, diseases such as meningitis, sepsis, and leukemia.
Influenza.
Technically, any clinical diagnosis of influenza is a diagnosis of ILI, not of influenza. This distinction usually is of no great concern because, regardless of cause, most cases of ILI are mild and self-limiting. Furthermore, except perhaps during the peak of a major outbreak of influenza, most cases of ILI are not due to influenza. ILI is very common: in the United States each adult can average 1–3 episodes per year and each child can average 3–6 episodes per year.
Influenza in humans is subject to clinical surveillance by a global network of more than 110 National Influenza Centers. These centers receive samples obtained from patients diagnosed with ILI, and test the samples for the presence of an influenza virus. Not all patients diagnosed with ILI are tested, and not all test results are reported. Samples are selected for testing based on severity of ILI, and as part of routine sampling, and at participating surveillance clinics and laboratories. The United States has a general surveillance program, a border surveillance program, and a hospital surveillance program, all devoted to finding new outbreaks of influenza.
In most years, in the majority of samples tested, the influenza virus is not present (see figure). In the United States during the 2008–9 influenza season through 18 April, out of 183,839 samples tested and reported to the CDC, only 25,925 (14.1%) were positive for influenza. The percent positive reached a maximum of about 25%. The percent positive increases with the incidence of infection, peaking with the peak incidence of influenza (see figure). During an epidemic, 60–70% of patients with a clear influenza-like illness actually have influenza.
Samples are respiratory samples, usually collected by a physician, nurse, or assistant, and sent to a hospital laboratory for preliminary testing. There are several methods of collecting a respiratory sample, depending on requirements of the laboratory that will test the sample. A sample may be obtained from around the nose simply by wiping with a dry cotton swab.
Other causes.
Infectious diseases causing ILI include malaria, acute HIV infection, herpes, hepatitis C, Lyme disease, rabies, myocarditis, Q fever, dengue fever, poliomyelitis, and many others.
Pharmaceutical drugs that may cause ILI include many biologics such as interferons or monoclonal antibodies. Chemotherapeutic agents also commonly cause flu-like symptoms. Other drugs associated with a flu-like syndrome include bisphosphonates, caspofungin or levamisole. A flu-like syndrome can also be caused by an influenza vaccine or other vaccines, and by opioid withdrawal in addicts.
Diagnosis.
Influenza-like illness is a nonspecific respiratory illness characterized by fever, fatigue, cough, and other symptoms that stop within a few days. Most cases of ILI are caused not by influenza but by other viruses (e.g., rhinoviruses and respiratory syncytial virus, adenoviruses, and parainfluenza viruses). Less common causes of ILI include bacteria such as "Legionella", "Chlamydia pneumoniae", "Mycoplasma pneumoniae", and "Streptococcus pneumoniae". Influenza, RSV, and certain bacterial infections are particularly important causes of ILI because these infections can lead to serious complications requiring hospitalization. Physicians who examine persons with ILI can use a combination of epidemiologic and clinical data (information about recent other patients and the individual patient) and, if necessary, laboratory and radiographic tests to determine the cause of the ILI.
During the 2009 swine flu outbreak many thousands of cases of ILI were reported in the media as suspected swine flu. Most were false alarms. A differential diagnosis of "probable" swine flu requires not only symptoms but also a high likelihood of swine flu due to the person's recent history. During the 2009 swine flu outbreak in the United States, the CDC advised physicians to "consider swine influenza infection in the differential diagnosis of patients with acute febrile respiratory illness who have either been in contact with persons with confirmed swine flu, or who were in one of the five U.S. states that have reported swine flu cases or in Mexico during the 7 days preceding their illness onset." A diagnosis of "confirmed" swine flu required laboratory testing of a respiratory sample (a simple nose and throat swab).
In rare cases.
If a person with ILI also has either a history of exposure or an occupational or environmental risk of exposure to "Bacillus anthracis" (anthrax), then a differential diagnosis requires distinguishing between ILI and anthrax. Other rare causes of ILI include leukemia and metal fume fever.
In horses.
ILI occurs in some horses after intramuscular injection of vaccines. For these horses, light exercise speeds resolution of the ILI. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may be given with the vaccine.

</doc>
<doc id="19980136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980136" title="Corrective labor colony">
Corrective labor colony

A corrective labor colony (, "ispravitelno-trudovaya koloniya", ITK) is the most common type of prison in Russia and some post-Soviet states which combines penal detention with forced labor. The system of colonies was introduced as a post-Stalin replacement of the Gulag labor camp system.
Soviet Union.
In the late Soviet Union the labor colonies were governed by Article 11 of the Corrective Labor Law and were intended for adult (16 years and over) convicts. The colonies were classified according to the regimen of severity: colonies of ordinary, reinforced, strict, and special regimens (колонии общего, усиленного, строгого, особого режимов), as well as the "colony-settlements" (колонии-поселения). Only ordinary and strict regimens (and colony-settlements) were provided for female convicts.
"Colony-settlements" were establishments introduced in 1960s for convicts with good behavior who served at least half of the term for those eligible for the parole and who served two thirds of the term and not eligible for parole. The inmates are without guard, but under observation and may move relatively freely. They may also have family.
Russian Federation.
Of the four types of facilities of prisons in Russia, the corrective colony ("" or "IK") is the most common, with 760 institutions in 2004 across the many administrative divisions of Russia.
Corrective colony regimes are categorized as very strict / special, strict, general, and open. The detachment ( or "") is the basic unit of the prison. When not in the detachment, prisoners are required to participate in penal labour, which is in the form of work brigades in colony production zones where prisoners earn a wage of which most is paid to the colony for their upkeep.
The detachment is largely self-organized, with the prison administration designating the "head monitor" with the job of keeping order and to liaise with the prison administration, and is supported by various prisoners' committees responsible for health and safety, cleanliness, energy saving, and also psychological counselling. Female detachments organize cultural and social activities such as beauty pageants, variously called by such names as "Miss Colony", "Miss Spring", and "Miss Personality".
Criticisms.
Isolation is common, and family breakdowns and loss of contact with children is frequent among female prisoners. A majority of women convicted in Moscow courts are taken to correctional colonies located between and from Moscow, and the long journey to the penal colonies is simply too expensive or too difficult for visitors. Nearly 3/4 of prisoners receive no family visits at all. The FSIN has suggested that prisoners talk with their loved ones using Skype.
FGU IK-14 in the Republic of Mordovia has been criticized by Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, member of the group Pussy Riot, for its inhumane conditions and its lawlessness.

</doc>
<doc id="19980149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980149" title="Centre for Research into Freemasonry and Fraternalism">
Centre for Research into Freemasonry and Fraternalism

The Centre for Research into Freemasonry and Fraternalism at the University of Sheffield was founded in 2000. Its aim is scholarly research into freemasonry and related fraternal associations.
Directors.
The Centre's founding director was Prof. Andrew Prescott, who was working at the centre between 2000-2007. In 2007, Dr Andreas Önnerfors was recruited who took up his position in January 2008.
Publications.
Together with Equinox Publishers, the centre has launched the first ever academic journal in the area, the "Journal for Research into Freemasonry and Fraternalism", an independent international peer-reviewed academic journal in the area of research into organized sociability in general and freemasonry in particular and part of Academic Society for Research into Freemasonry and Fraternalism. The journal's editorial offices are in University of Sheffield, UK. The Journal was established in 2009 and is published by Equinox Publishers in the UK and edited by Dr. Andreas Önnerfors (Lund University and Malmö University College in Sweden) and Dr. Rob Collis (University of Sheffield, United Kingdom). Dr. Róber Péter (University of Szeged, Hungary) is review editor. Each issue contains academic research articles, reports on studies of feemasonry and book reviews on the subject. The Journal tackles various aspects of Freemasonry and Fraternalism including politics, society, culture, art, history, music and other disciplines. 
The Centre also publishes a monthly newsletter informs about the activities of the Centre and its academic partners in Europe and the world.
The Centre also publishes working papers within its research area on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="19980215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980215" title="El Carmen, Chile">
El Carmen, Chile

El Carmen is a Chilean commune and town in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, El Carmen spans an area of and has 12,845 inhabitants (6,567 men and 6,278 women). Of these, 4,426 (34.5%) lived in urban areas and 8,419 (65.5%) in rural areas. The population fell by 9.3% (1316 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, El Carmen is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Juan Diaz González (Ind.). 
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, El Carmen is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Carlos Abel Jarpa (PRSD) and Rosauro Martínez (RN) as part of the 41st electoral district, (together with Chillán, Coihueco, Pinto, San Ignacio, Pemuco, Yungay and Chillán Viejo). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19980219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980219" title="United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2002">
United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in Louisiana was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu won re-election to a second term.
During the run-off, Landrieu was out-spent three-to-one by Republican contender Suzanne Haik Terrell, the Louisiana Elections Commissioner. Terrell also had prominent Republicans including President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney visit Louisiana to campaign on her behalf. Republicans, confident of victory having gained seats in the elections to the House of Representatives and to the Senate, solidifying control of the former and taking control of the latter, publicly called the election "Operation Icing on the Cake". Some Democrats responded by calling their efforts "Operation Wipe that Smirk off of Bush's Face" and dubbed Landrieu's subsequent run-off victory, "Operation Pie in the Face".

</doc>
<doc id="19980263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980263" title="Margot Robbie">
Margot Robbie

Margot Elise Robbie (born 2 July 1990) is an Australian actress. She is known for her role as Donna Freedman on the soap opera "Neighbours", which earned her two Logie Award nominations. In 2011, Robbie began starring as Laura Cameron in the ABC drama series "Pan Am". Following "Pan Am's" cancellation, Robbie has appeared in the feature films "About Time" and "The Wolf of Wall Street".
Early life.
Robbie was born on 2 July 1990 in Dalby, Queensland. She grew up on the Gold Coast in the Australian state of Queensland. Robbie split her time between the beach and her grandparents' farm, before moving to Melbourne when she was seventeen to begin acting professionally. She graduated from Somerset College on the Gold Coast in 2007.
Career.
Early work (2007–10).
Robbie has been acting professionally since 2007, when she starred in two feature films, "I.C.U." and "Vigilante", both directed by Aash Aaron. After impressing the director with her performance during an audition, she won the lead in "I.C.U." without an agent at the time. She has also acted in commercials and featured in a guest role in "City Homicide" as Caitlin Brentford in 2008.
Robbie began appearing as Donna Freedman on "Neighbours" from June 2008. The character was originally only a guest role, but she was soon promoted to a regular cast member. In an interview with Digital Spy, Robbie said she had gone on a snowboarding holiday to Canada with her boyfriend soon after auditioning, but had to return after only two days when told that she had won the role.
In early 2009, Robbie appeared in various Network Ten promotions, featuring an ensemble of popular Australian faces on the network. In July 2009, she filled the "Generation Y" guest spot on the Network Ten show "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation". Robbie also became a Youth Ambassador for missing persons as part of National Youth Week.
In the same year, she was nominated for Most Popular New Female Talent at the Australian Logie Awards. She was also nominated for Favorite Hottie at the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards and was up against her "Neighbours" co-star Dean Geyer. In September 2010, Robbie announced that she was to leave "Neighbours" after almost three years to pursue an acting career in Hollywood. Her final scenes aired on 26 January 2011 and in April of that year, Robbie was nominated for Most Popular Actress at the Logie Awards.
2011–present.
After arriving in Los Angeles for pilot season, Robbie auditioned for the new series of "Charlie's Angels". However, the producers at Sony Pictures Television preferred her for a role in ABC drama series "Pan Am" alongside Christina Ricci. Robbie landed the role of Laura Cameron, a newly trained flight attendant. "Pan Am" was cancelled after one season due to falling ratings, despite receiving positive reviews from critics. In May 2012, Fiona Bryne of the "Herald Sun" reported Robbie had joined the cast of Richard Curtis' romantic comedy, "About Time". The following month Digital Spy's Zeba Blay announced Robbie was in talks to appear in Martin Scorsese's "The Wolf of Wall Street". Linette Lopez from the "Business Insider" confirmed Robbie's casting in August. For her performance as Naomi Lapaglia, Robbie received nominations for Best Supporting Actress from the Georgia Film Critics' Association and the Empire Award for Best Newcomer.
Robbie has joined the cast of Matthew Michael Carnahan's upcoming film "Violent Talent". She will also appear in "Suite française", an adaptation of Irène Némirovsky's novel. Robbie is set to star in the upcoming comedy "Focus", opposite Will Smith. She will also star in the film adaptation of "Z for Zachariah", along with Chris Pine and Chiwetel Ejiofor. Robbie will be appearing in David Yates's "Tarzan" as Jane opposite Alexander Skarsgård as the title character. The film is scheduled for release on 1 July 2016. 
Personal life.
In 2009, Robbie began residing in a house with her "Neighbours" co-star Ashleigh Brewer. Following her decision to quit "Neighbours", Robbie announced that she was moving to Los Angeles to live with her former co-star Caitlin Stasey. During production for "Pan Am", Robbie resided in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19980299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980299" title="Vehicle registration plates of Jordan">
Vehicle registration plates of Jordan

Jordan requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates.
The current system was introduced in 2007, with the plates largely based on European specifications. The font used strongly resembles that found on present British registration plates.
The format is: nn-nnnnn (usually 4 or 5 digits). Initial numbers include:
1-5: State owned
6: Aqaba free zone
7: Diplomatic
9: Temporary
10-21: Passenger cars
38-39: Crew cabs
41-42: Light goods vehicles
44: Tractors
46: Motorcycles and scooters
50: Taxi
56: Small buses
58: Coaches
60: HGVs
71: Trailer
90: Army
95: Ambulance
96: Gendarmerie
99: Police
For passenger cars, private plates are also available. As of August 2013, the normal series had reached 21-30000; however, private plates going up to a 35 prefix have been seen. Genenrally, the lower the suffix number, the more expensive they are, with plates from the 10 series having the most prestige. Suffix numbers on private plates can be as low as one digit and therefore technically the "first number" is 10-1. 

</doc>
<doc id="19980301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980301" title="Kameda Bōsai">
Kameda Bōsai


</doc>
<doc id="19980328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980328" title="Claus Pavels">
Claus Pavels

Claus Pavels (8 January 1769 – 16 February 1822) was a Norwegian priest and diarist. His diaries from 1812–1822 are an important source for cultural and biographical history.
Biography.
He was born in Vanse. His father, a priest at Lista, died four months before Pavel's birth, and the boy grew up at his uncle's farm on Lista. He graduated from Christanssand school in 1785. He was a student in Copenhagen and member of The Norwegian Society there.
He was a chaplain in Brevig from 1793 to 1796, priest in Copenhagen from 1799, a vicar at Aker and a priest at the Akershus Fortress from 1805, and became bishop of the diocese of Bjørgvin in 1817.
In 1799 he married Maren Fasland. The couple had two daughters. Their daughter Karen married Johan Lyder Brun, Sr., a grandson of Johan Nordahl Brun, who preceded Pavels as bishop of Bjørgvin.
University.
Pavels was host of the ceremony when the first Norwegian university, the Royal Frederick University of Christiania, was founded in 1811. The ceremony took place at Akershus Fortress 11 November 1811, with music, military parades, bell ringing and guns salute, and people gathering in the Fortress Church.
Pavels was also present at the first defence of a doctorate thesis in Norway, at the University 18 June 1817, when Frederik Holst defended his thesis, ""Morbus, quem Radesyge vocant, quinam sit, quanamque ratione e Scandinavia tollendus"". Pavel's diary contains a detailed report from the ceremonious event. There were 13 opponents, and the language used was Latin. The thesis was not translated into Norwegian until 188 years later, and the book from 2005 contains also Pavel's diary comments.
Politics in 1814.
From his position at Akershus Fortress, Pavels followed closely the political turbulence in 1814, with the Treaty of Kiel, the gathering of the Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll, the clash between Sweden and Norway, and the subsequent Union between Sweden and Norway. He wrote detailed reports from this period in his diaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19980339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980339" title="Pemuco">
Pemuco

Pemuco is a Chilean town and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Pemuco spans an area of and has 8,821 inhabitants (4,578 men and 4,243 women). Of these, 3,844 (43.6%) lived in urban areas and 4,977 (56.4%) in rural areas. The population grew by 4.8% (408 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Pemuco is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Julio Muñoz Salazar (PDC).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Pemuco is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Carlos Abel Jarpa (PRSD) and Rosauro Martínez (RN) as part of the 41st electoral district, (together with Chillán, Coihueco, Pinto, San Ignacio, El Carmen, Yungay and Chillán Viejo). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19980356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980356" title="Superplastic forming">
Superplastic forming

Process.
To begin with, the material must have an ultra-fine grain size. It is then heated up to promote superplasticity. For titanium this is around and for aluminium it is between 450–520 °C. In this state the material is not very strong so processes that are usually used on plastics can be applied, such as: thermoforming, blow forming, and vacuum forming; it may also be deep drawn.
Advantages & disadvantages.
The major advantage of this process is that it can form large and complex workpieces in one operation. The finished product has excellent precision and a fine surface finish. It also does not suffer from springback or residual stresses. Products can also be made larger to eliminate assemblies or reduce weight, which is critical in aerospace applications. Lower strength required and less tooling costs. McDonnell Douglas utilized SPF design and production technology into the F-15 in the 1980's. They developed the production equipment and tooling technology in St. Louis using both heated platen presses and quartz lamp tooling technology through the leadership of Engineers Ray Kittelson, Vern Mueller, and David Rohe. 
The biggest disadvantage is its slow forming rate. Cycle times vary from two minutes to two hours, therefore it is usually used on lower volume products. Also materials must not be superplastic at service temperatures. More recently, superplasticity has been used to form parts for automotive applications.

</doc>
<doc id="19980362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980362" title="Ahora y Siempre">
Ahora y Siempre

Ahora y Siempre (Eng.: "Now and Forever") is the title of a studio album released by music group Alacranes Musical. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums, and was released in a standard CD presentation and as a Deluxe Edition CD/DVD combo.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard and Allmusic.
Deluxe edition.
On February 12, 2008 a Deluxe edition of this album was released, including the same tracklisting and a bonus DVD with 4 music videos.
Chart performance.
Year-End Charts

</doc>
<doc id="19980386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980386" title="Mozart family grand tour">
Mozart family grand tour

The Mozart family grand tour was a journey through western Europe, undertaken by Leopold Mozart, his wife Anna Maria, and their musically gifted children Maria Anna (Nannerl) and Wolfgang Amadeus from 1763 to 1766. At the start of the tour the children were aged eleven and seven respectively. Their extraordinary skills had been demonstrated during a visit to Vienna in 1762, when they had played before the Empress Maria Theresa at the Imperial Court. Sensing the social and pecuniary opportunities that might accrue from a prolonged trip embracing the capitals and main cultural centres of Europe, Leopold obtained an extended leave of absence from his post as deputy Kapellmeister to the Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg. Throughout the subsequent tour, the children's "Wunderkind" status was confirmed as their precocious performances consistently amazed and gratified their audiences.
The first stage of the tour's itinerary took the family, via Munich and Frankfurt, to Brussels and then on to Paris where they stayed for five months. They then departed for London, where during a stay of more than a year Wolfgang made the acquaintance of some of the leading musicians of the day, heard much music, and composed his first symphonies. The family then moved on to the Netherlands, where the schedule of performances was interrupted by the illnesses of both children, although Wolfgang continued to compose prolifically. The homeward phase incorporated a second stop in Paris and a trip through Switzerland, before the family's return to Salzburg in November 1766.
The material rewards of the tour, though reportedly substantial, did not transform the family's lifestyle, and Leopold continued in the Prince-Archbishop's service. However, the journey enabled the children to experience to the full the cosmopolitan musical world, and gave them an outstanding education. In Wolfgang's case this would continue through further journeys in the following six years, prior to his appointment by the Prince-Archbishop as a court musician.
Child prodigies.
The Mozart children were not alone as 18th-century music prodigies. Education writer Gary Spruce refers to hundreds of similar cases, and cites that of William Crotch of Norwich who in 1778, at the age of three, was giving organ recitals. British scholar Jane O'Connor explains the 18th century fascination with prodigies as "the realisation of the potential entertainment and fiscal value of an individual child who was in some way extraordinary". Other childhood contemporaries of Mozart included the violinist and composer Thomas Linley, born the same year as Wolfgang, and the organist prodigy Josef Siegmund Bachmann. Mozart eventually became recognised among prodigies as the future standard for early success and promise.
Of seven children born to Leopold and Anna Maria Mozart, only the fourth, Maria Anna (Nannerl), born 31 July 1751, and the youngest, Wolfgang Amadeus, born 27 January 1756, survived infancy. The children were educated at home, under Leopold's guidance, learning basic skills in reading, writing, drawing and arithmetic, together with some history and geography. Their musical education was aided by exposure to the constant rehearsing and playing of Leopold and his fellow musicians. When Nannerl was seven her father began to teach her to play the harpsichord, with Wolfgang looking on; according to Nannerl's own account "the boy immediately showed his extraordinary, God-given talent. He often spent long periods at the clavier, picking out thirds, and his pleasure showed that they sounded good to him [...] When he was five years old he was composing little pieces which he would play to his father who would write them down". A family friend, the poet Johann Andreas Schachtner, recounted that at the age of four Wolfgang began to compose a recognisable piano concerto, and was able to demonstrate a phenomenal sense of pitch.
Nannerl herself was an extremely apt pupil, no less quick to learn than her brother, and was playing the keyboard with striking virtuosity by the time she was eleven. In that year, 1762, Leopold brought the children to Munich to play before Maximilian III Joseph, the Elector of Bavaria. Leopold then took the entire family to Vienna, on a trip that lasted for three months. He had secured invitations from several noble patrons, and within three days of arriving the children were playing at the palace of Count Collalto. Among those present was the Viennese Treasury councillor and future prime minister Karl von Zinzendorf, who noted in his diary that "a little boy, said to be only five-and-a-half years old (Wolfgang was actually nearly seven) played the harpsichord". After an appearance before the Imperial Vice-Chancellor, the Mozarts were invited to the royal court, where the Empress Maria Theresa tested Wolfgang's abilities by requiring him to play with the keyboard covered. During this court visit Wolfgang met the Archduchess Maria Antonia, the future Queen Marie Antoinette of France, who was two months his senior. Mozart biographer Eric Blom recounts an anecdote of how the Archduchess helped Wolfgang when he slipped on the polished floor; the then Archduchess is supposed to have received a proposal of marriage in return.
As the Mozarts began to be noticed by the Viennese aristocracy, they were often required to give several performances during a single day. They were well rewarded for this activity—at the end of their first hectic week in Vienna, Leopold was able to send home the equivalent of more than two years' salary. Their schedule was interrupted when Wolfgang fell ill with scarlet fever, and their former momentum was not regained. Nevertheless, the visit left Leopold eager to pursue further opportunities for social and financial success. On their return to Salzburg, Wolfgang played the harpsichord and violin at a birthday concert for the Archbishop, to the evident astonishment of those present.
Grand tour.
Preparations.
In a letter to his friend and landlord Lorenz Hagenauer (1712–1792), written after the tour, Leopold quotes the German diplomat Friedrich Melchior, Baron von Grimm, who after hearing the children play had said: "Now for once in my life I have seen a miracle: this is the first". Leopold believed that it was his duty to proclaim this miracle to the world, otherwise he would be "the most ungrateful creature". Mozart biographer Wolfgang Hildesheimer has suggested that, at least in the case of Wolfgang, this venture was premature: "Too soon, father dragged [the son all over Western Europe for years. This continual change of scene would have worn out even a robust child..." However, there is little evidence to suggest that Wolfgang was physically harmed or musically hindered by these childhood exertions; it seems that he felt equal to the challenge from the start.
Leopold wanted to begin the tour as soon as possible—the younger the children were, the more spectacular would be the demonstration of their gifts. The route he intended to take included southern Germany, the Austrian Netherlands, Paris, Switzerland and possibly northern Italy. The London leg was only added after urgings during the Paris visit, and the eventual Dutch trip was an unplanned detour. The plan was to take in as many princely European courts as possible, as well as the great cultural capitals—Leopold was relying on his professional musical network and on his more recent social contacts to obtain invitations from the royal courts. Practical assistance came from Hagenauer, whose trading connections in the major cities would supply the Mozarts with what were effectively banking facilities. These would enable them to obtain money "en route", while waiting for the proceeds from their performances to accumulate.
Wolfgang prepared for the tour by perfecting himself on the violin, which he had learned to play apparently without any tuition whatsoever. As for more general preparation, the children delighted in making music together, something they never lost. On tour, even during the busiest travelling days they would fit in their daily practice, appearing to thrive on the hectic schedule. Before the journey could begin, Leopold needed the consent of his employer, the prince-archbishop. Leopold had only been appointed deputy Kapellmeister in January 1763; nevertheless the archbishop's consent to an extended leave of absence was granted, on the grounds that the Mozarts' successes would bring glory to Salzburg, its ruler, and to God.
Early stages (July–November 1763).
The journey's beginning, on 9 July 1763, was inauspicious; on the first day a carriage wheel broke, requiring a 24-hour pause while repairs were carried out. Leopold turned this delay to advantage by taking Wolfgang to the nearby church at Wasserburg, where according to Leopold the boy played on the organ pedalboard as if he had been studying it for months. In Munich, on successive evenings, the children played before Elector Maximilian III, earning from these engagements the equivalent of half of Leopold's annual salary of 354 gulden or florins. The next stop was Augsburg, where Leopold's estranged mother refused to attend any of the three concerts given there. The family then moved on to Schwetzingen and the Mannheim court, where the children's performance apparently amazed Elector Palatine Karl Theodor and his Electress.
The next extended stop was at Mainz. The Elector was ill, but the Mozarts gave three concerts in the town, which brought in 200 gulden. From Mainz the family took the market boat up the River Main to Frankfurt, where several public concerts were given. Among those present at the first of these was the fourteen-year-old Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, who would many years later recall "the little fellow with his wig and his sword". An advertisement for these concerts announced that "the girl" would play "the most difficult pieces by the greatest masters", while "the boy" would play a concerto on the violin and also repeat his Vienna trick of playing with the keyboard completely covered by a cloth. Finally "he will improvise out of his head, not only on the fortepiano but also on the organ...in all the keys, even the most difficult, that he may be asked".
The family proceeded by riverboat to Koblenz, Bonn and Cologne. Turning west they reached Aachen, where a performance was given before Princess Anna Amalia of Prussia, the sister of Frederick the Great. The princess tried to persuade Leopold to abandon his itinerary and go to Berlin, but Leopold resisted. "She has no money," he wrote to Hagenauer, recounting that she had repaid the performance with kisses. "Howbeit, neither mine host nor the postmaster are to be contented with kisses." They proceeded into the Austrian Netherlands, an area corresponding roughly to present-day Belgium and Luxembourg, where they arrived in the regional capital, Brussels, on 5 October. After several weeks' waiting for the governor-general, Prince Charles of Lorraine, to summon them ("His highness the prince does nothing but hunt, gobble and swill", wrote Leopold to Hagenauer), the Mozarts gave a grand concert in the prince's presence on 7 November. On the 15th the family departed for Paris.
During the hiatus in Brussels, Wolfgang turned his attention briefly from performing to composing. On 14 October he finished an Allegro for harpsichord, which would later be incorporated into the C major sonata, K. 6, which he completed in Paris.
Paris (November 1763 – April 1764).
On 18 November 1763 the Mozart family arrived in Paris, one of the most important musical centres of Europe, and also a city of great power, wealth, and intellectual activity. Leopold hoped to be received by the court of Louis XV at nearby Versailles. However, a recent death in the royal family prevented any immediate invitation, so Leopold arranged other engagements. One person who took particular note of the children was the German diplomat Friedrich Melchior von Grimm, whose journal records Wolfgang's feats in glowing terms: "the most consummate Kapellmeister could not be more profound in the science of harmony and modulation". Leopold's own assessment, written a few months later, was similarly effusive: "My little girl, although only 12 years old, is one of the most skilful players in Europe and, in a word, my boy knows more in his eighth year than one would expect for a man of forty".
On 24 December the family moved to Versailles for two weeks during which, through a court connection, they were able to attend a royal dinner, where Wolfgang was reportedly allowed to kiss the hand of the Queen. At Versailles they also visited the famous courtesan Madame de Pompadour, then in the last months of her life—"an extremely haughty woman who still ruled over everything", according to Leopold. In Nannerl's later recollections, Wolfgang was made to stand on a chair to be examined by the Madame, who would not allow him to kiss her.
There is no record of the children giving a formal concert at Versailles. In February 1764 they were given 50 louis d'or (about 550 florins) and a gold snuff-box by the royal entertainments office, presumably for entertaining the royal family privately, but no more details are available. Further concerts were given in Paris on 10 March and on 9 April, at a private theatre in the rue et Porte St Honoré. At the same time Wolfgang's first published works were printed: two pairs of sonatas for harpsichord and violin, K. 6 and 7, and K. 8 and 9. These pairs became Opus 1 and Opus 2 in Leopold's private catalogue of his son's work. The first pair was dedicated to the king's daughter, Madame Victoire de France, the second to the Countess of Tessé. Mozart biographer Stanley Sadie comments that some aspects of these pieces are rather childish and naïve, but that nevertheless their technique is "astonishingly sure, their line of thinking is clear and smooth, and their formal balance is beyond reproach".
A decision was taken in Paris to go to London, perhaps on the advice of Leopold's musical and court acquaintances, who would probably have advised him that England was, in Mozart scholar Neal Zaslaw's words, "known for the enthusiasm with which it received continental musicians and the extravagance with which it rewarded them". On 10 April the family left for Calais and after an unpleasant crossing to Dover on a hired boat, and some delays, arrived in London on 23 April.
London (April 1764 – July 1765).
The Mozarts' first London lodgings were above a barber's shop in Cecil Court, near St Martin-in-the-Fields. Letters of introduction from Paris proved effective; on 27 April, four days after their arrival, the children were playing before King George III and his 19-year-old German queen, Charlotte Sophia. A second royal engagement was fixed for 19 May, at which Wolfgang was asked by the king to play pieces by Handel, Johann Christian Bach and Carl Friedrich Abel. He was allowed to accompany the queen as she sang an aria, and he later improvised on the bass part of a Handel aria from which, according to Leopold, he produced "the most beautiful melody in such a manner that everyone was astonished". 
Many of the nobility and gentry were leaving town for the summer, but Leopold reckoned that most would return for the king's birthday celebrations on 4 June, and accordingly organised a concert for the 5th. This was deemed a success, and Leopold hastened to arrange for Wolfgang to appear at a benefit concert for a maternity hospital on 29 June, at Ranelagh Pleasure Gardens. Leopold apparently saw this effort to support charitable works as "a way to earn the love of this very special nation". Wolfgang was advertised as "...the celebrated and astonishing Master Mozart, a Child of Seven Years of Age..." (he was in fact eight), "justly esteemed the most extraordinary Prodigy, and most amazing Genius, that has appeared in any Age". On 8 July there was a private performance at the Grosvenor Square home of the Earl of Thanet, from which Leopold returned with an inflammation of the throat and other worrying symptoms. "Prepare your heart to hear one of the saddest events", he wrote to Hagenauer in anticipation of his own imminent demise. He was ill for several weeks, and for the sake of his health the family moved from their Cecil Court lodgings to a house in the countryside, in Ebury Street, then considered part of the village of Chelsea.
During Leopold's illness performances were impossible, so Wolfgang turned to composition. According to the writer and musician Jane Glover, Wolfgang was inspired to write symphonies after meeting Johann Christian Bach. It is not clear when this meeting occurred, or when Wolfgang first heard J.C. Bach's symphonies, although he had played the older composer's harpsichord works in his May 1764 royal recital. Wolfgang soon completed his Symphony No. 1 in E flat, K. 16, and started his No. 4 in D major, K. 19 (which Zaslaw concludes was more likely composed, or at least completed, in The Hague). The D major symphony has, in Hildesheimer's words, "an originality of melody and modulation which goes beyond the routine methods of his [grown-up] contemporaries". These are Wolfgang's first orchestral writings, although Zaslaw hypothesises a theoretical "Symphony No. 0" from sketches in Wolfgang's musical notebook. Three lost symphonies, identified in the Köchel catalogue of Mozart's works only by their incipits (first few bars of music), may also have originated from the London period. Other works composed by Wolfgang in London include several instrumental sonatas, the jewel of which, according to Hildesheimer, is the C major sonata for piano, four hands, K. 19d. A set of violin sonatas, with extra flute and cello parts, was dedicated to Queen Charlotte at her request, and presented to her with an appropriate inscription in January 1765. Wolfgang also wrote his first vocal works, the motet "God is our Refuge", K. 20, and the tenor aria "Va, dal furor portata", K. 21. 
At the end of September, with Leopold's recovery, the family moved back to central London, to lodgings in Thrift Street (later Frith Street), Soho. These lodgings were located conveniently close to several concert rooms, and to the residences of both J.C Bach and Carl Friedrich Abel. Bach, a son of Johann Sebastian Bach, soon became a family friend; Nannerl later recalled Bach and the eight-year-old Wolfgang playing a sonata together, taking turns to play a few bars individually, and that "anyone not watching would have thought it was played by one person alone". There is no record that the Mozarts met Abel, but Wolfgang knew his symphonies, perhaps through the medium of the annual Bach-Abel concert series, and was much influenced by them. 
On 25 October, at King George's invitation, the children played at the celebrations marking the fourth anniversary of the king's accession. Their next public appearance was a concert on 21 February 1765, before a moderate audience—the date clashed with a Bach-Abel concert. Only one more London concert was given, on 13 May, but between April and June members of the public could go to the Mozarts' lodgings where, for a five shilling fee, Wolfgang would perform his musical party pieces. During June both the "young Prodigies" performed daily at the Swan and Harp Tavern in Cornhill, the charge this time being a mere two shillings and sixpence. These were, as Sadie puts it, "Leopold's last, desperate effort to extract guineas from the English public". Hildesheimer likens this part of the tour to a travelling circus, comparing the Mozarts to a family of acrobats.
The Mozarts left London for the continent on 24 July 1765. Before this, Leopold allowed Wolfgang to be subjected to a scientific examination, conducted by The Hon. Daines Barrington. A report, issued in "Philosophical Transactions" for the year 1770, confirms the truth of Wolfgang's exceptional capabilities. Practically the last act of the family in London was the gift to the British Museum of the manuscript copy of "God is our Refuge".
The Netherlands (September 1765 – March 1766).
Leopold had been specific in letters to Hagenauer that the family would not visit the Dutch Republic, but would go to Paris and then return home to Salzburg. However, he was persuaded by an envoy of the Princess Caroline of Nassau-Weilburg, sister of the Prince of Orange, to go instead to The Hague and to present the children to her, as official guests of the court. After the party's landing at Calais there was a month's delay at Lille, as first Wolfgang fell sick with tonsillitis, then Leopold suffered prolonged dizziness attacks. Early in September the family moved on to Ghent, where Wolfgang played on the new organ at the Bernardines chapel; a few days later he played on the cathedral organ at Antwerp. On 11 September the family finally reached The Hague.
After arriving in The Hague, Nannerl developed a severe cold and was unable to participate in the initial concerts before the Princess during their first week, nor in a performance before the Prince a few days later. Leopold was sufficiently confident of Nannerl's recovery to announce the appearances of both prodigies at a concert to be given at the hall of the Oude Doelen on 30 September. The notice for this concert gives Wolfgang's age as eight (he was nine), but correctly gives Nannerl's as fourteen. The advertisement concentrates on Wolfgang: "All the overtures will be from the hands of this young composer [...] Music-lovers may confront him with any music at will, and he will play it at sight". It is not certain whether this concert in fact took place—Sadie believes it may have been postponed. If it did happen, Wolfgang appeared alone, for by this time Nannerl's cold had turned into typhoid fever. Her condition grew steadily worse, and on 21 October she was given the last sacrament. A visit from the royal physician turned the tide; he changed the treatment, and by the end of the month she was recovering. Then Wolfgang fell ill, and it was mid-December before he was on his feet again. 
Both children were able to appear at the Oude Doelen on 22 January 1766, in a concert which may have included the first public performance of one of Wolfgang's London symphonies, K. 19, and possibly of a new symphony in B flat major K. 22, composed in the Netherlands. Following this concert they spent time in Amsterdam before returning to The Hague early in March. The main reason for their return was the forthcoming public celebrations of the Prince of Orange's coming of age. Wolfgang had composed a quodlibet (song medley) for small orchestra and harpsichord, entitled "Galimathias musicum", K. 32, which was played at a special concert to honour the Prince on 11 March. This was one of several pieces composed for the occasion; Wolfgang also wrote arias for the Princess using words from Metastasio's libretto "Artaserse" (including "Conservati fedele", K. 23), and keyboard variations on a Dutch song "Laat ons juichen, Batavieren!" K. 24. He wrote a set of keyboard and violin sonatas for the Princess, as he had earlier for the French princess and for the Queen of Great Britain. Another symphony, K. 45a, commonly known as "Old Lambach" and once thought to have been written several years later, was also written in The Hague, possibly for the Prince's coming-of-age concert. 
The family left The Hague at the end of March, moving first to Haarlem, where the organist of St Bavo's Church invited Wolfgang to play on the church's organ, one of the largest in the country. From there they traveled east and south, giving concerts along the way at Amsterdam and Utrecht, before leaving the Netherlands and traveling through Brussels and Valenciennes, to arrive in Paris on 10 May.
Homeward journey (March–November 1766).
The family remained in Paris for two months. No concerts were given by them in this period although, according to Grimm, there were performances of Wolfgang's symphonies. Grimm was effusive about the development of both children; Nannerl, he wrote, "had the finest and most brilliant execution on the harpsichord", and: "no-one but her brother can rob her of supremacy". Of Wolfgang he quoted a Prince of Brunswick as saying that many Kapellmeisters at the peak of their art would die without knowing what the boy knew at the age of nine. "If these children live," wrote Grimm, "they will not remain in Salzburg. Monarchs will soon be disputing about who should have them".
The only surviving music composed by Wolfgang during this Paris visit is his "Kyrie" in F major, K. 33, his first attempt to write formal church music. On 9 July, the family left Paris for Dijon, following an invitation from the Prince of Condé. The children played in a concert there on 19 July, accompanied by a local orchestra, about whose players Leopold made disparaging comments: "Très mediocre – Un miserable italien detestable – Asini tutti – Un racleur" (a scratcher) "– Rotten". They moved on to Lyon where Wolfgang "preluded for an hour and a quarter with the most capable master here, yielding nothing to him".
A letter to Hagenauer dated 16 August indicated that Leopold wished to proceed to Turin, then across northern Italy to Venice, and home via the Tyrol. "Our own interest and love of travel should have induced us to follow our noses", he wrote, but added: "...I have said I shall go home and I shall keep my word". The family took a shorter route through Switzerland, arriving in Geneva on 20 August, where the children gave two concerts, and were received by the distinguished composer André-Ernest-Modeste Grétry. Many years later Grétry wrote of this encounter: "I wrote for him [Wolfgang an Allegro in E flat, difficult but without pretension; he played it, and everyone, except myself, thought it was a miracle. The child had never broken off, but following the modulations, he had substituted a number of passages for those I had written". This claim, that Wolfgang improvised when faced with passages he could not play, appears to be the only adverse comment from all those called upon to test him.
The journey through Switzerland continued, with concerts at Lausanne and Zurich. Since leaving the Netherlands, Wolfgang had composed little; a minor harpsichord piece, K. 33B, written for the Zürich concerts, and later some cello pieces (since lost) written for the Prince of Fürstenberg. The prince received the party on 20 October, on its arrival in Donaueschingen on the German border, for a stay of some 12 days. Resuming their journey, they reached Munich on 8 November. They were delayed here for nearly two weeks after Wolfgang fell ill, but he was well enough to perform before the Elector, with Nannerl, on 22 November. A few days later they set out for Salzburg, arriving at their home on the Getreidegasse on 29 November 1766.
Evaluation.
Financial.
The party had survived major setbacks, including several prolonged illnesses which had curtailed their earning powers. Although Leopold did not reveal the full extent of the tour's earnings, or its expenses, the material benefits from the tour had evidently been considerable—but so had the costs. The librarian of St Peter's Abbey, Salzburg, thought that the gifts ("gewgaws") alone which they brought back were worth about 12,000 florins, but estimated the total costs of the enterprise at 20,000 florins. The expenses were certainly high; in a letter to Hagenauer sent in September 1763, after ten weeks on the road, Leopold reported expenses to date as 1,068 florins, an amount covered by their concert earnings without, however, any significant surplus. Leopold stated that "there was nothing to be saved, because we have to travel in noble or courtly style for the preservation of our health and the reputation of my court". He later recorded that on arrival in Paris in November 1763 that they had "very little money".
At times, the coffers were full; in April 1764, near the end of the Paris sojourn and after two successful concerts, Leopold announced he would shortly be depositing 2,200 florins with his bankers. Two months later, after the initial London successes, Leopold banked a further 1,100 florins. However, in November of that year, after his illness and with uncertain earning prospects, he was worrying about the high costs of living in London—he informed Hagenauer that he had spent 1,870 florins in the four-month period since July. The following summer, after little concert activity, Leopold resorted to increasingly desperate measures to raise funds, including the children's daily circus performances at the Swan and Harp Inn at prices described by Jane Glover as humiliating. The insecurity of travelling life led Leopold to believe, later, that Wolfgang was not worldly-wise enough to attempt such journeys alone, and needed to be anchored to an assured salary.
Musical.
In terms of musical development, while both children had advanced, Wolfgang's progress had been extraordinary, beyond all expectation. The Mozarts were now known throughout the musical establishments and royal courts of Northern Europe. As well as the encounters in palaces with kings, queens and nobility, the children could converse in several languages; the tour represented, for them, an outstanding education. However, these advantages had been gained at a price; Grimm, in Paris, noting the stress and strain on Wolfgang in particular, had feared that "so premature a fruit might fall before maturing". However, Hildesheimer, while also expressing concerns, concludes that if Mozart's death at the age of 35 was caused by the exertions of his childhood, the intervening decades would not have been so productive, and obvious symptoms of decline would have manifested themselves.
Of Wolfgang's music composed during the tour, around thirty pieces survive. A number of further works are lost, including the Zürich cello pieces and several symphonies. The surviving works include the keyboard sonatas written in Paris, London and The Hague, four symphonies, various arias, the assorted music written for the Prince of Orange, a Kyrie, and other minor pieces. Mozart's career as a symphonist began in London where, in addition to the direct influences of Abel and J.C. Bach, he would have heard symphonies from leading London composers including Thomas Arne, William Boyce and Giuseppe Sammartini—"a nearly ideal introduction to the genre", according to Zaslaw. The earliest symphonies, Zaslaw points out, while not in the same class as the later Mozart masterpieces, are comparable in length, complexity and originality to those written at the same time by the acknowledged symphonic masters of the day. Indeed, Abel's Symphony No. 6 in E Flat was similar enough in style and technique to be mistaken as Mozart's, and is listed as such (Symphony No. 3, K. 18) in the original Köchel catalogue. Sadie observes that the K. 22 symphony composed in The Hague is a good deal more sophisticated than the earlier ones which were written in London.
Mozart's creative progress is likewise reflected in the sonatas composed for the Princess of Orange, which, according to Sadie, mark a considerable advance in technique and ideas over the earlier Paris and London sets. The arias composed in the Netherlands include Mozart's first attempts at "aria d'affetto", "Per pièta, bell'idol mio", K. 73b, once thought to have been composed much later, as its higher K number indicates. The tour thus saw Wolfgang's transformation from a composer of simple keyboard pieces to one with increasing mastery over a range of genres. This was evidenced in his home city, on 8 December, when one of his symphonies (it is uncertain which) was performed at High Mass at Salzburg Cathedral. Leopold's employer, the Prince-Archbishop, was frankly skeptical about Wolfgang's compositions, believing them to be Leopold's because they were "not nearly bad enough to be the work of a child".
Aftermath.
Whatever the true extent of their financial rewards from the tour, the Mozart family continued to live in their cramped apartment on the Getreidegasse, while Leopold resumed his duties as a court musician. However, travel and public display dominated the next six years of Wolfgang's life. In September 1767 the family was on the move again, this time to Vienna, remaining there (apart from an enforced evacuation during a smallpox epidemic) until January 1769. In December of the same year Leopold and Wolfgang left for Italy—without Nannerl who, now 18, was no longer exhibitable as a child wonder. They were away for sixteen months, and returned to Milan in August 1771 for five months, to attend rehearsals and the performance of Wolfgang's opera "Ascanio in Alba". A third and final visit to Italy, from October 1772 until March 1773, was the last of the extended trips; the new Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg, Hieronymous Colloredo, had distinct views about the roles of his court musicians, which precluded the freedoms that Leopold—and now Wolfgang, himself employed by the court—had formerly enjoyed.

</doc>
<doc id="19980402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980402" title="Sts. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral">
Sts. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral

The Greek Orthodox Cathedral of Sts. Constantine and Helen, more simply Sts. Constantine and Helen, Cathedral (though known by Greek Orthodox parishioners from other churches as NAK) is a Greek Orthodox cathedral church at 64 Schermerhorn Street in downtown Brooklyn, New York. It is best known for taking in parishioners from St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church in Manhattan, destroyed during the September 11 attacks.
Founded in 1913, it was the first Greek Orthodox parish on Long Island, and is one of the oldest Greek Orthodox churches in the City of New York. After meeting for several years in a small building at Johnson and Lawrence streets, the community raised funds to build a new structure, whose cornerstone was laid April 16, 1916.
Fire damaged the building in 1992, but repairs have been made and restored. The Church also is affiliated with A. Fantis Parochial School, which was established in 1963, 50 years after the church, and which is located right behind the church. The Church is half a block west of the New York Transit Museum.
The church was expanded in 1946 and again in 1960. It was designated Brooklyn's cathedral in June 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19980416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980416" title="Rob S. Miles">
Rob S. Miles

Rob Miles (born 23 July 1957) is a Microsoft MVP, and also a lecturer in Programming (C Sharp) and Software Engineering at the University of Hull.
Rob has given various speeches worldwide on technologies including C Sharp, XNA, Windows Mobile Development and Embedded Development using the .NET Micro Framework. Rob has written an XNA book, and co-authored a .NET Micro Framework book with Donald Thompson.
Rob has also repeatedly been a member of the judging team of the yearly Microsoft Imagine Cup. Again, in 2009, Rob has been selected as a "Captain" of the Software Design competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19980419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980419" title="Madeline (album)">
Madeline (album)

Madeline is the debut album by Fort Collins band Tickle Me Pink, released on September 4, 2007, under the Wind-up Records label. It has been said that this album focuses on many major issues in today's world, including mortality, drug use, suicide, loss, brutal breakups to name but a few.
Tickle Me Pink singer Sean Kennedy had said: 
"It is somewhat ironic that many of our songs deal with death and a higher purpose. We want to let the world know how short life is; embrace the ones you love and treasure each moment without regret."
"Madeline" was recorded in "The Blasting Room" in Fort Collins, which is the band's home town, and was produced by Lee Miles.
On the day "Madeline" was released, bassist/guitarist Johnny Schou died aged 22.
The song "The Time Is Wrong" is available as free downloadable content in Rock Band 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19980453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980453" title="Fiend (rapper)">
Fiend (rapper)

Richard "Ricky" Jones (born May 13, 1976), better known by his stage names Fiend or International Jones is an American rapper and producer best known for his time spent with Master P's No Limit Records. Fiend was also briefly a member of DMX's label Ruff Ryders Entertainment, and is currently signed to Jet Life Recordings under Warner Bros.
Solo career.
Fiend released his first album, "I Won't Be Denied", in 1995 for independent label Big Boy Records. He would then sign with No Limit in 1997 and appeared on Master P's "Ghetto D" and Mia X's "Unlady Like" before releasing his second album and first for No Limit, "There's One in Every Family" in 1998. The album was hugely successful, peaking at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts. Also in that year, Fiend appeared on Snoop Dogg's successful single "Woof!" In 1999, Fiend released his third album, "Street Life". The album peaked at No. 15 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, and Fiend left No Limit. In the year 1998 he married Carly Liber who is also known as "Fiend". They did a duet together called "Fiend for the D."
Collaborations.
Fiend was also a member of the Ruff Ryders and appeared on the crew's third compilation album, "", before leaving in 2001. In 2000, Fiend and No Limit labelmate Mr. Serv-On collaborated on Three 6 Mafia's song "Touched Wit It," which lead to Three 6 Mafia members DJ Paul And Juicy J to do a group album with Fiend called "Dat's How It Happened To'm". After the album, Fiend started his own label, Fiend Entertainment, and released three more albums, "Can I Burn? 2" in 2003, "Go Hard or Go Home" in 2004, and "The Addiction" in 2006. All three albums made it to the Billboard charts but failed to gain the success as his No Limit albums. Fiend also produces music, having done production for songs on Jadakiss' "Kiss tha Game Goodbye" and former labelmate C-Murder's "The Truest Shit I Ever Said". He can currently be seen and heard with fellow ex-No Limit rapper Curren$y on the Smokers Club Tour and on various songs. In 2010 he also appeared on Lil Wyte's mixtape "Wyte Christmas 2 (Let It Sno)" on the song "House Full Of Guns".
Fiend also collaborated on two songs from Trick Daddy's seventh studio album "Back by Thug Demand" going by his alias International Jones; "Booty Doo" (also featuring Webbie) and "Lights On".

</doc>
<doc id="19980460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980460" title="Bramer">
Bramer

Bramer may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="19980470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980470" title="Brimer">
Brimer

Brimer may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="19980490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980490" title="Gabrielle Ritter-Ciampi">
Gabrielle Ritter-Ciampi

Gabrielle Ritter-Ciampi (November 2, 1886 - July 18, 1974), was a French operatic soprano.
Ritter was born in Paris. The niece of Theodore Ritter, she originally trained as a pianist, and at age 16 she started to receive singing lessons from her parents; her Italian father, tenor Enzo Ciampi-Cellai; and French mother, Cécile Ritter-Ciampi. She debuted in 1917 as Violetta in "La Traviata", and two years later she was engaged at Opéra-Comique, where she became famous as an interpreter in Mozart operatic roles. Her activity was centered predominantly in France, but she took part also in the Salzburg Festival in 1932, again in Mozart's roles. 
She was considered a fine, light lyric soprano with good technique and is capable of reaching high notes easily, frequently compared to her days with Adelina Patti, who had a similar voice.
She did most of her recordings between 1923 and 1929, and recorded many selected arias from various works, but never complete operas. She also sang the title role in "Esclarmonde" during Opéra Garnier, a short-lived revival of that opera between 1931 and 1934
Her career practically ended with World War II, with her last engagement being a role in an operetta by Reynaldo Hahn, "Le oui des jeunes filles", in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19980496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980496" title="Ed Donatell">
Ed Donatell

Ed Donatell (born February 4, 1957 in Akron, Ohio) is an American football coach for the San Francisco 49ers.
Most recently he served as the defensive coordinator for the University of Washington Huskies football team from January to December 2008 under Tyrone Willingham. He and the entire staff were let go after the winless 2008 season. Previously he served as a special assistant to the New York Jets. Donatell served as the defensive coordinator for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League under head coach Jim Mora for three seasons, prior to which he occupied this position for the Green Bay Packers. He graduated from Stow High School in Stow, Ohio, and later earned a master's degree in administration from Kent State University. He is married and has three children.
He is currently the defensive back coach with the San Francisco 49ers, after leaving the Denver Broncos during a 2 year run from 2009 through 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19980507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980507" title="Hybodontiformes">
Hybodontiformes

The hybodonts are an extinct group of sharks and are the sister taxa to the Neoselachii (all modern sharks, skates and rays). They were very successful in their own right and existed as a group for more than 200 million years. Their fossil record extends from the early Carboniferous to the Late Cretaceous. The hybodonts dominated the shark faunas of the Early Mesozoic and unlike modern sharks were abundant in both freshwater and marine habitats. The group went into decline in the second half of the era and are thought to have become extinct at the end of the Maastrichtian, alongside the dinosaurs. "Lonchidion selachos" was one of the last hybodonts— its distinctive serrated fine spines occur in freshwater deposits from Wyoming alongside the fossils of the last dinosaurs, including "Tyrannosaurus rex" and "Triceratops".

</doc>
<doc id="19980525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980525" title="Stuart Robinson">
Stuart Robinson

Stuart Robinson (born 20 June 1979, Carrickfergus, County Antrim) is a Northern Ireland broadcaster with Cool FM and Downtown Radio, he had previously launched and became the longest running presenter to date on rival station Belfast CityBeat from 1996 before his defection in 2010.
He currently presents the weekday lunchtime programme on Downtown Radio. 
At Citybeat, he won a Gold and Silver award at the 2009 New York Festival Radio Awards and was also the only Irish radio presenter to get nominated for an Arqiva Award in both 2009 and 2008. He also created the talent format Young Star Search and the introduction of popular sidekick character 'Work Experience Boy' from 2006-2010.
History.
Robinson became Northern Ireland's youngest radio presenter when he first broadcast on BCR in the mid 1990s, he went on to present the last programme on BCR and then became a familiar name on Belfast Citybeat during the 90s and 2000's. In 1997 he became the stations Head Of Music and in 2004 he took on the role of Deputy Programme Controller. Since 2010 he has been Deputy Contoller of Northern Ireland's two largest stations Downtown Radio and Cool FM.
Background.
Born in Carrickfergus (1979), he launched his own local RSL stations including Castle FM in Carrickfergus and Bangor FM in County Down. In the late 90's he combined his Belfast CityBeat shows with fronting programmes for Radio 1521 in Craigavon (where he also hosted the last ever programme), Goldbeat in Cookstown, Touch FM and Mid FM(now Q radio) 
Personal.
Robinson lives in South Belfast and has two children, Holly and Glen. 

</doc>
<doc id="19980538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980538" title="Voller">
Voller

Voller or Vollers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19980556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980556" title="Australian Science Media Centre">
Australian Science Media Centre

The Australian Science Media Centre (AusSMC) is an independent, not-for-profit service for the news media, giving journalists direct access to evidence-based science and expertise.
The Centre’s aim is to better inform public debate on the major issues of the day by improving links between local and international media and the Australian scientific community. The Centre operates a database of scientists who are willing to engage with the media. The AusSMC operates from Adelaide with five full-time and three part-time staff and is headed by CEO Dr Susannah Eliott. The AusSMC collects rapid round-ups of expert opinion and comments from scientists in reaction to breaking news and also runs national media briefings for journalists in cities around Australia. Media briefings are also streamed live over the internet to journalists. 
The Centre also collaborates with media officers and scientists. Journalists are able to register with the AusSMC to receive media alerts and rapid roundups by email.
The Centre was established by Premier Mike Rann following a recommendation from Adelaide Thinker in Residence Baroness Susan Greenfield. It's inaugural Chairman is Peter Yates AM.
Funding.
The AusSMC receives funding from more than 20 sponsors in media, academic institutions, government and industry groups. Sponsorship is capped at 10% of total funding. For an up-to-date list of sponsors, see [http://www.smc.org.au/about-us/sponsors/]
Other SMCs.
Science Media Centres exist in other countries; Canada, UK, New Zealand, and Japan. These centres are independent of each other, but cooperate regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="19980565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980565" title="Ta Kalitera Mou Tragoudia">
Ta Kalitera Mou Tragoudia

Ta Kalitera Mou Tragoudia is the title of a 1980 greatest hits album by Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus by Minos after her departure from the label and having signed with EMI Columbia Greece. 
It features songs from her only personal album with the company, "As Kanoume Apopse Mian Arhi", which is also her debut album, as well as beloved songs from her participation in other artists' albums, like the legendary Mikis Theodorakis and other influential artists like George Dalaras. At that time in the Greek music industry, the privilege of recording and releasing a personal album was granted to an artist who proved their merit by having collaborated with other established musicians and recording artists. 

</doc>
<doc id="19980598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980598" title="United States Senate election in Tennessee, 2002">
United States Senate election in Tennessee, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in Tennessee was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Fred Thompson decided to retire. Republican Lamar Alexander won the open seat.
Campaign.
Alexander raised $2 million through June 2002. Clement attacked the Governor for his corporate connections and business dealings. By October, Clement had nearly raised $900,000, while Alexander raised almost $3 million. Bush, who had a 60% approval rating in the state, helped campaign and raise money for Alexander. Alexander was also endorsed by the NRA.
Polling.
In a September The Knoxville News-Sentinel poll, Alexander was up 45% to 27%. In a DNSC poll during the same month, Alexander was up 49% to 42%. In a mid October Zogby poll had the governor leading 49% to 36%.
A late October WREG-TV poll had Alexander leading 45% to 36%.

</doc>
<doc id="19980606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980606" title="Epidemic polyarthritis">
Epidemic polyarthritis

Epidemic polyarthritis is an outdated term that was used to refer to polyarthritis caused by two mosquito-borne viruses endemic to Australasia:

</doc>
<doc id="19980642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980642" title="Graz-Karlau Prison">
Graz-Karlau Prison

Graz-Karlau Prison () is located in the city of Graz in the Austrian state of Styria. With a capacity of 552 inmates, Graz-Karlau is the third largest prison in Austria.
History.
Built between 1584 and 1590 in late Renaissance style to designs by Antonio Tade and Antonio Marmoro, it was used as a summer hunting residence for Archduke Karl II of Austria.
Originally, it was called "Dobel Castle". The German word "Dobel" is also written "Tobel", a deep, ravine-like valley or can also be a place and field-name. Because the castle's name was similar to the nearby "Tobel hunting-lodge" situated in Haselsdorf-Tobelbad, it was renamed as "Karlau", after the archduke.
From 1769 it was used as a workhouse and in 1794 started to keep French prisoners of war. In 1803, it became a provincial prison for inmates who had sentences of up to 10 years of imprisonment. In 1847 to 1848 and from 1869 to 1872, it was greatly enlarged. Toward the end of World War II the prison was bombed twice, which killed 14 guards and 107 prisoners. In 1946, the British executioner Albert Pierrepoint travelled to Karlau to train an Austrian executioner and two assistants in the British method of long drop executions. Until then, condemned prisoners were hanged with short drops, effectively strangling them to death. Under the British method, Pierrepoint, the Austrian executioner and the two assistants hanged eight young men on September 24, 1946. 
A method which was continued until Austria abolished capital punishment on June 30, 1950.
The prison was renamed Graz-Karlau on November 1, 1993.
Notable inmates.
Among the prison's inmates, it houses or housed prisoners such as the serial killer Jack Unterweger; the letter and pipe bomb terrorist Franz Fuchs; the six-times murderer Udo Proksch; the suspected serial killer Wolfgang Ott; and the terrorist Tawfik Ben Chaovali, who was involved in the Rome and Vienna airport attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19980646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980646" title="Maurice Cloud">
Maurice Cloud

Georges Maurice Cloud (October 13, 1909–1973) was a French mid-20th-century artist, born in Escoublac, Brittany, France. A Modernist Cubist painter, he worked also in architecture and furniture design throughout the thirties.
He did his schooling in Escoublac and La Baule, and attended the Municipal Art School. In the late twenties, Cloud enrolled in the Beaux-Arts Academy in Paris, working part-time for architects as an intern and a draughtsman. 
Active as an artist his whole life, he also worked free-lance for architects and designed furniture and interiors for private homes. In the thirties and early forties, he was commissioned to paint frescoes for private residences as well as commercial buildings (restaurants, bars and cabarets), including the "La Baule Casino" and the well-known "Hotel de l’Hermitage". He also painted frescoes on ocean liners "l’Ile de France", "Le Paris", "Le Liberté", the "De Grasse", etc. and created billboards for movie theaters in Nantes, St Nazaire and La Baule.
After serving during WW2, he returned to his native La Baule and worked in the family business with his father. A few years later, he started his own company as an interior decorator, covering the La Baule, Saint Nazaire and Southern Brittany region. Although he only moved to Paris in the mid-fifties, Cloud succeeded in remaining involved in the Parisian art world as a member of the Société des Artistes Indépendants in 1939, then in the Surindépendant Movement from 1940 until 1957. This entailed his participation in the movement's exhibitions and group shows, where he showed paintings and drawings in every "Salon". As such, he received much attention from the press and was regularly written about in both the Parisian and the local Britton press.
In 1949, the Galerie Breteau in Paris gave him a solo show that was well received in Paris’ art world. The Galerie Harmonies in Saint Nazaire exhibited his "Papiers Découpés", à la Matisse, in 1955.
Cloud and his family moved to Paris in 1956. There he worked as a free-lance decorator and continued more than ever to paint and create his artwork, inspired by Paris’ intensely active artistic life. In the 1960s, he was project manager as well as the head designer for the advertising and graphics department of a major paint company, "Le Saint".
Maurice Cloud pursued his artistic interests from the 1920s throughout his life and until his accidental death in 1973. He closely followed art events and the flow of the ever-changing currents of modern art and participated in numerous exhibitions. Although there is no trace in writing on his interests nor his favorite painters, Cloud was evidently drawn from the 1940s on to work in a Cubist vein, owing a debt to Picasso (his favorite by far according to his son) as well as other Cubists, probably the Puteaux Group of Jacques Villon and friends. One of its members, André Lhote wrote important treatises on landscape painting (1939) and figure painting (1950). The early work in the late twenties and thirties is still highly figurative, Art Deco and illustrative in spirit. 
After the war, subject matter and style become more abstracted, yet the classic distinction still appears between landscape and portraiture pieces. Many ink drawings dating from the late forties to early fifties, some with powerful highlights in white paint, show his interest in the dynamic and almost autonomous power of line alone. Many collages, made of construction paper date probably from the same years, and show a strong interest in Matisse's contemporary "papiers découpés", abstract cutouts in colored paper, that the celebrated artist executed in the mid-1940s.
Fernand Léger was also one of his inspirations and he visited the Léger Museum in Biot, in Southern France in the 1950s. He also admired Kandinsky and the work and achievements of architect and artist Le Corbusier. Alexander Calder and Jackson Pollock were among the American artists he related to most. 
In 1962, the French Government commissioned him to create a 12x20 foot mosaic mural for a marketplace in Viry-Châtillon, near Paris. This mural is still partially in existence. Many gouache sketches were made as preparation for this piece.
Maurice Cloud was exhibited in the United States with a twenty-year retrospective at the Los Angeles Galleries of Burton Jay in 1965. His work has been shown and represented by galleries and private dealers around the country since 1996.
http://www.gmauricecloud.com

</doc>
<doc id="19980661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980661" title="Hermann Kiese">
Hermann Kiese

Hermann Kiese (1865–1923) was a German rosarian known for his breeding of rose cultivars.
Born in Vieselbach, Thuringia, Germany on May 8, 1865. He worked for 22 years as gardener for the Johann Christoff Schmidt rosarium in Erfurt. In 1904 he started his own nursery in Vieselbach near Erfurt.
Hermann Kiese is one of the founders of the "Verein Deutscher Rosenfreunde – VDR" (Union of German Friends of Roses). From 1911 to 1916 he was chief editor of the magazine Rosen-Zeitung. Consequently, he shared this responsibility with Friedrich Ries till 1919.
Hermann Kiese died on September 22, 1923 
He specialized in hybrid Polyanthas and Climbing Roses, but introduced some Hybrid Teas.
Among his numerous creations are:
After his death, following cultivars have been attributed to Hermann Kiese:
Rosarian Philipp Geduldig named a cultivar "Hermann Kiese" in 1906 to honor the rose-breeder.

</doc>
<doc id="19980674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980674" title="White Cloud Mountains">
White Cloud Mountains

The White Cloud Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains of the western United States, located in central Idaho, southeast of Stanley in Custer County. The range is located within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area (SNRA) and is part of the largest unprotected roadless area in the United States outside of Alaska. The mountains and roadless area are part of the proposed "White Cloud Wilderness Area," one of three new wilderness areas proposed as a part of the controversial Central Idaho Economic Development and Recreation Act.
The White Cloud Mountains are located on National Forest land in with numerous trails in the area. Camping is permitted anywhere on the national forest land and there are no fees to access the area. Primary access to the area is via State Highway 75, the "Salmon River Scenic Byway," which accompanies the main Salmon River as it descends along the range's western and northern perimeter. 
The highest peak in the White Cloud Mountains, and the SNRA, is Castle Peak at . The Sawtooth Mountains are about twenty miles (32 km) west of the White Clouds, on the west side of the river and highway, and the Boulder Mountains are directly south of the White Clouds.
Lakes.
See "List of lakes of the White Cloud Mountains"

</doc>
<doc id="19980688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980688" title="USS Wanderlust (SP-923)">
USS Wanderlust (SP-923)

USS "Wanderlust" (SP-923) was a patrol vessel that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
"Wanderlust" began life as the wooden-hulled screw launch "Faalua", designed by F. D. Lawley and built by George Lawley & Son of Neponset, Massachusetts, for George G. Peters of Boston, Massachusetts. Completed in 1907, "Faalua" was subsequently owned in turn by Sherburn M. Becker and E. J. Steiner, both of New York City. Apparently Steiner purchased her in 1913 and renamed her "Wanderlust".
"Wanderlust" was delivered to the U.S. Navy on 26 August 1917 for World War I service. Armed and designated SP-923, she was commissioned at the Charleston Navy Yard at Charleston, South Carolina, on 12 September 1917, Lieutenant, junior grade, J. P. Smith, USNRF, in command.
"Wanderlust" operated on section patrol duties in the 6th Naval District well into 1918, although she appears to have spent much time, initially, undergoing repairs for her temperamental engines. Her ports of call included Parris Island, Port Royal, South Carolina, and Charleston, South Carolina, Savannah, Georgia, and Jacksonville, Florida. When on patrol duty, "Wanderlust" stopped and boarded fishing vessels, ascertaining whether or not they carried proper navigational equipment and licenses that were in order. "Wanderlust" conducted night harbor patrols at Brunswick, Georgia, from April 1918 into the late autumn of 1918.
"Wanderlust"s deck logs cease on 30 September 1918 when she was at Brunswick. The 1918 edition of "Ship's Data: U.S. Naval Vessels" lists her as serving on section patrol duties as of 1 November 1918. In the absence of solid data, it must be assumed that, like many other district patrol craft, if she was in active service in mid-to-late November 1918, she would have ceased defensive patrolling on 24 November 1918, 13 days after the armistice ended World War I. She may have lain in reserve or performed dispatch services between 30 September 1918, when her deck logs end, and 2 February 1919, the date upon which she was struck from the Navy List.
Returning to private ownership, "Wanderlust" retained her name into the 1920s under a succession of owners, including Irving E. Raymond of Stamford, Connecticut, and Mrs. Marguerite Park of New York City, before she was acquired in 1927 by William Sternfeld of New York City, who renamed her "Diana". She disappeared from the "Lloyd's List of American Yachts" between 1929 and 1931, presumably leaving service sometime during that period.

</doc>
<doc id="19980705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980705" title="Public services in Canada">
Public services in Canada

Public services in Canada are delivered by various levels of government, determined through responsibility enacted in the Constitution. Financing for those services is provided through tax receipts, sales revenues, user fees, and other government revenue sources.
Health care.
Primary health care in Canada is a provincial responsibility. Funding for service delivery is provided via provincial income tax receipts and federal health transfers.
Education.
Primary, secondary and tertiary education in Canada is the responsibility of each provincial government. The federal government department of Indian and Northern Affairs Canada delivers education service to First Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19980711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980711" title="Esophagogastric dissociation">
Esophagogastric dissociation

Esophagogastric dissociation is a surgical procedure that is sometimes used to treat gastroesophageal reflux, mainly in neurologically impaired children.

</doc>
<doc id="19980772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980772" title="Derrick Pierce">
Derrick Pierce

Derrick Pierce (born March 1, 1974), in Massachusetts USA, is an adult entertainer and radio talk show personality. He began his career in pornographic adult films in approximately 2005. As a child he moved to Southern California with his mother and grew up in the Sylmar area of the San Fernando Valley.
Early years.
Adult performer Derrick Pierce was raised by a single mother whom he credits as being an extremely strong influence in his life and the primary reason for his intense appreciation of women. His mother was also in the entertainment world, as were her girlfriends, and he has indicated that being brought up in a predominantly female atmosphere surrounded by beautiful women led to his attraction to and affinity for women. He became sexually active at age 13 and says that women always seemed to enjoy talking to him. While growing up, his mother feared that he might not make it past the age of 16 due to his wild and problematic behavior and lifestyle, but she is aware of his career in the sex industry and is generally supportive of what he does for a living.
Career In Adult Films.
As of 2008, he has appeared in over 100 feature films, including "Chemistry 3", a unique cinema verite reality production featuring adult stars in candid scenes, (winner of AVN's Best Gonzo Release) and "Upload", an adult sci-fi thriller and winner of AVN's Best Video Feature for 2008. He has stated that to date, these are the two projects he is proudest of from a performance standpoint. He has worked for just about every adult production company including Wicked Films, Venom, Brazzers, Naughty America, Vivid, Hustler, Playboy, and many more. Prior to his entry into the adult industry, he worked as a martial arts instructor in Southern California. His entry into the business was something of a coincidence when he met Lexi Tyler, an adult entertainer/dancer who frequented the gym where he worked as a trainer. He eventually signed with L.A. Direct Models and immediately began working as an adult performer. Guy Cabo, a director who worked with Pierce in his first scene, was astonished at how talented he was so early in his career, and found it difficult to believe that he had just started in the business. According to Pierce, Mr. Cabo said that his talent was "scary".
Work in other media.
In May 2008, Derrick Pierce became the co-host with adult icon Kylie Ireland of Playboy's Sirius Radio show, "The Friday Night Threeway". The premise of the show is based on the sexy and hot dynamic between Ireland and Pierce as bickering but good natured sexual playmates/confidantes, and an adult porn actress "threeway" girl chosen by them is featured as a weekly guest to join in the fun and participate in an on-air interview. The show has a call-in segment during which fans can ask questions and find out more about the insider workings, gossip within the adult industry, and current projects of the stars. During one show, Pierce stated that their show was the highest rated in their time slot.
Awards and nominations.
Derrick Pierce has received nine nominations for major industry-based awards from AVN (Adult Video Network), including best actor, best supporting actor, best newcomer (from XCritic), and best three-way performance (twice). In October 2009, he won for Best Male Performer at the Nightmoves Adult Award Show in Tampa, Florida. 
Future Career Plans.
In an email interview which he gave to adult review website XXXpwnage in 2008, he indicated that he does not plan to perform in front of the camera in five years but definitely wants to remain in the entertainment business, perhaps as a producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19980775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980775" title="Yungay, Chile">
Yungay, Chile

Yungay is a Chilean town and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region. The commune spans an area of .
Demographics.
According to data from the 2002 Census of Population and Housing, the Yungay commune had 16,814 inhabitants; of these, 11,469 (68.2%) lived in urban areas and 5,345 (31.8%) in rural areas. At that time, there were 8,565 men and 8,249 women residing in the commune. The commune grew 10% in population between the censuses of 1992 and 2002 (1.0% annual growth).
Administration.
As a commune, Yungay is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. For the years 2008-2012, the alcalde is Angel Castro Medina (PDC), and the council members are:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Yungay (together with Chillán, Coihueco, Pinto, San Ignacio, Chile, El Carmen, Pemuco and Chillán Viejo) is represented in the Chamber of Deputies as a part of the 41st electoral district. The commune is represented in the Senate as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19980779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980779" title="Adele Aus der Ohe">
Adele Aus der Ohe

Adele Aus der Ohe (December 11, 1864December 7, 1937) was a German pianist and composer. Her compositions, including a Suite (Op. 8), were published by G. Schirmer. She was married to Anton Seidl.
Life.
Aus der Ohe was born in Hanover. She initially studied with Theodor Kullak, where American pianist and chronicler Amy Fay heard her. Calling her "a little fairy of a scholar, ten years old," Fay wrote, "I heard her play a concerto of Beethoven the other day with orchestral accompaniment and a great cadenza by Moscheles, absolutely "perfectly". She never missed a note all the way through." She was one of the few child prodigies accepted as a pupil by Franz Liszt; she began studying with him at the age of 12 and stayed with him seven years (1877–84). Harold C. Schonberg writes that "Liszt liked her and said her touch was as soft as velvet and as strong as a man's." Aus der Ohe promoted Liszt's music throughout her career; Richard Watson Gilder wrote a poem about such interpretations.
Adele Aus der Ohe was a friend of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, whose First Piano Concerto she performed under the composer's baton at the inaugural concert of Carnegie Hall in New York, as well as at his final concert in St. Petersburg, where the "Pathétique" Symphony was premiered. She subsequently settled in the United States, where she had debuted in December 1886 playing Liszt's First Piano Concerto, touring there 17 consecutive seasons. She returned to Germany in 1906 and died in Berlin in 1937.
Aus der Ohe's repertory was large and included both Brahms concertos, the second of which she played as early as 1899 in Boston. She specialized in large-scale works; a typical program she played in Boston consisted of Beethoven's "Waldstein" Sonata, Chopin's "Funeral March" Sonata, Schumann's "Fantasie in C" and Liszt's "Réminiscences de Don Juan".

</doc>
<doc id="19980780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980780" title="Fowler Police Department">
Fowler Police Department

The Fowler Police Department (FPD) is the law enforcement agency of the town of Fowler, Colorado. Formed soon after the incorporation of the town in 1901, the police department originally consisted of a single night watchman or town marshal.
Chief of Police.
The title chief of police was first used during the 1960s when the current marshall, Joseph C. Coleman, adopted the title. The first official department uniform was adopted at this time as well. Chief Curtis "Curly" Hawkins is the longest serving chief of the department to date with nine years of service as an officer and an additional eight years as chief before retirement. Chief Ryan Gates was the youngest person to manage the department, appointed to the position eight days after turning twenty-two years old. Chief Henry Borrego, the department's first Hispanic chief of police, was appointed in 2007.
Tony Webb is the department's second Hispanic Chief of Police appointed in 2010 but was unable to hold the position for more than one year.
Also contributing to the short term of employment for police Chiefs appears to be lack of community work and participation. Previously hired Fowler Police Department Chiefs have had the mentality that they were commissioned to man a desk for the paid work shift and direct orders.
Fowler is once again without a Chief still searching for someone to fill the working role as head of the department as well as a working officer. Some in the town have questioned if it will ever be able to hire and retain a professional Chief in the future without providing a substantial employment contract.
Organization.
Though originally consisting of only one paid member, the department currently (as of 2008) employees a full-time chief, two full-time officers, and two part-time officers. A volunteer reserve division with an authorized strength of ten officers exists within the department and is typically managed by a reserve captain.
Patrol Units.
A wide range of patrol vehicles have been utilized by the department. In recent years, Ford Crown Victoria's and Chevrolet Caprice's comprised the bulk of the department's fleet. A Chevrolet Tahoe was recently added and at one time a Chevrolet Camaro was utilized. The paint schemes of the vehicles have varied over the years. Older photos indicate the first vehicles were painted white and displayed a badge decal on the door. For many years afterwards, the fleet was silver with various decal stripes and/or lettering. In early 2008 the entire fleet was repainted in a new two-tone black and white scheme.
Uniforms.
The uniform of the Fowler Police Department has varied throughout the years. Early uniforms were a mixture of light blue and brown. The uniform later evolved to darker colors including navy blue and black. Shoulder patches (alternately worn and discarded throughout the department's history) typically displayed a version of the town's logo. The current department badge has been in use since 1997. It is a typical oval design but unique in that sections of the badge have been cut out and removed.
National Media Coverage.
The department has been the focus of several interviews and media coverages during the later part of its history. During the early 1990s, the department was mentioned in national media regarding allegations it was operating a speed trap on US Highway 50. The department was again mentioned in May 2002, when Chief Ryan Gates conducted a traffic stop on Luke Helder, the "Midwest Pipe Bomber". Two law enforcement officers from other states had previously conducted traffic stops on Helder a day prior. All of the traffic stops took place before the recognition of Helder as a suspect by investigating authorities. In early 2007, the department's reserve officers were mentioned in an article by The Denver Post newspaper regarding the generosity of Town of Fowler's volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="19980788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980788" title="That's the Way (Jo Dee Messina song)">
That's the Way (Jo Dee Messina song)

"That's the Way" is a song written by Annie Roboff and Holly Lamar, and recorded by American country music singer Jo Dee Messina. It was released in May 2000 as lead-off single for her album "Burn". The song spent four weeks at the top of the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs), and was her highest-peaking single on the Billboard Hot 100 where it reached number 25.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that Messina "injects personality galore" into this song. She goes on to call the production, "sonically ambitious, featuring neat percussive elements, tempo changes, and those heavy, layered vocals that Nashville producers are so fond of these days."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Thom Oliphant and premiered in mid-2000.
Track listings.
U.S. CD Single
UK CD Single
UK Promo CD Single
Chart performance.
"That's the Way" debuted at number 50 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 20, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19980816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980816" title="Boniface of Tuscany">
Boniface of Tuscany

Boniface of Tuscany may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19980819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980819" title="Tecnologia Automotiva Catarinense">
Tecnologia Automotiva Catarinense

TAC - Tecnologia Automotiva Catarinense is a corporation of capital closed established in 2004 in Joinville, Brazil. The administration is based on management tools such as Corporate Governance and Balanced Score Card.
The TAC was built on three major differential competitive, innovative in the automotive segment of niche market: rigorous planning of the business, forming partnerships with renowned manufacturers; use of more modern technologies for the development of the car, as mathematical models and analysis of virtual prototypes and
finite element to the design of structural components with responsibility.
The structural model of the TAC is a pioneer, because search alliances through a network of relationships, and believes that the benchmarking is an important tool to exchange information with more experienced companies.
Currently the company manufactures a four-wheel drive TAC STARK.

</doc>
<doc id="19980823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980823" title="Dave Deno">
Dave Deno

Dave Deno (born 1956 or 1957) is the former CEO of Quizno's. Deno has also been the COO of Yum! Brands.
He has also been the CFO of Tricon Global Restaurants, which is now known as Yum! Brands. He received a bachelor's degree in economics and political science at Macalester College and a master's degree in business administration at the University of Michigan. Deno is divorced and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19980827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980827" title="Joseph Jewell">
Joseph Jewell

Joseph O. Jewell, Ph.D. serves as the current chair of the African American Studies Department at Loyola Marymount University (LMU) in Los Angeles, CA. Dr. Jewell comes to the African American Studies Department following the lead of Dr. John Davis and Dr. Ronald Barrett. Prior to his position at Loyola Marymount University, Dr. Jewell served as Associate Professor of Sociology at Texas A&M University. He also served as interim director of Texas A&M's Race and Ethnic Studies Institute. His research has included examining race and class in social and reform movements of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. He published "Race, Social Reform and the Making of a Middle Class: The American Missionary Association in Atlanta", 1870–1900, (Rowman and Littlefield, 2007). He is also the co-author of "The Mis-Education of Black America: Black Education Since "An American Dillemma"" with Walter R. Allen in "An American Dilemma Revisited: Race Relations in A Changing World" (Russell Sage, 1996).
Education.
In 1991, Joseph Jewell received a Bachelors of Arts (BA) from the University of California at Berkeley. In 1998, he received his Ph.D. from University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).
Educational career.
Associate Professor at Texas A&M.
Dr. Jewell served as a Sociology professor in the College of Liberal Arts at Texas A&M. Dr. Jewell also served as the Interim Director of the Race and Ethnic Studies Institute. While at Texas A&M Dr. Jewell noted: 
My research is also central to my teaching
Chair at Loyola Marymount University.
Dr. Joseph O. Jewell has been working with the faculty and staff of the African American Studies Department to create a new identity for the department. Dr. Jewell's addition to the LMU community brings expertise and a wealth of new initiatives; however, he also sees it vital to acknowledge the former heads of the department. 
I am truly honored to join Loyola Marymount University as chair of its African American Studies department. As I do so, I am aware that I stand on the shoulders of giants: Dr. John Davis and Dr. Ronald Barrett have served the department and the African American community at LMU with distinction. 
Dr. Jewell hopes to integrate the mission of LMU, African American Studies as a discipline, and issues of African Americans in the Los Angeles area. He has many goals in mind for the department; these include adding new faculty, new courses, updating the website, making changes to the core curriculum, strengthening relationships within other departments, presenting resources to students, and research opportunities. Dr. Jewell envisions the changes in the department can take place with the support of faculty, students, and alumni. 
During the Fall 2008, Dr. Jewell teaches a course on the "Sociology of the Black Community" (AFAM 335).
Return to Texas A&M University.
In 2010, Dr. Jewell returned from Loyola Marymount University and is once again a Sociology professor in the College of Liberal Arts at Texas A&M.
External links.
1. http://sociweb.tamu.edu/faculty/jewell/
2. https://www.lmu.edu/Page48205.aspx
3. https://www.lmu.edu/pagefactory.aspx?PageID=26820
4. http://www.amazon.com/Social-Reform-Making-Middle-Class/dp/0742535460
5. http://bellarmine.lmu.edu/Page45590.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="19980837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980837" title="Goetic demons in popular culture">
Goetic demons in popular culture

The seventy-two demons listed in the 17th Century compilation "Ars Goetia" ("Arts of Sorcery" - known in English as the first section of "The Lesser Key of Solomon") have found recurrent reference in popular culture.
The Lesser Key of Solomon.
In addition to the individual listings, the Key and every demon within it appear in some form in the PlayStation 2 game "".
Andrealphus.
In the role-playing game "In Nomine", Andrealphus is the Demon Prince of Lust.

</doc>
<doc id="19980846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980846" title="Crazy World (Young Jeezy song)">
Crazy World (Young Jeezy song)

"Crazy World" is the third official single from rapper Young Jeezy's third studio album, "The Recession". Young Jeezy performed this song live at the BET Hip Hop Awards 2008.
Background.
The song was thought to be the second single from "The Recession", but was later replaced by "Vacation" and was pushed to being the third single. In the song, Young Jeezy talks about the recession America is going through and how he thinks president George W. Bush is punishing America, and this song also talks about the late 2000s recession.
Music video.
The music video was made and finished on October 25, 2008. The video was directed by Marc Klasfeld. Young Jeezy said that he was going to make videos for all of his songs and this one would be the third one (it has now been replaced by My President as the third single). He also made a video for the song "Who Dat". The video premiered on Monday, November 17. The video was played repeatedly throughout the day on MTV2's Un-Leashed.
Remix.
There is also a second remix that features Tony Yayo, Rock City and Ace Hood.

</doc>
<doc id="19980854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980854" title="1938 Giro d'Italia">
1938 Giro d'Italia

The 1938 Giro d'Italia was the 26th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 7 May in Milan with a stage that stretched to Turin, finishing back in Milan on 29 May after a split stage and total total distance covered of . The race was won by the Italian rider Giovanni Valetti of the Fréjus team, with fellow Italians Ezio Cecchi and Severino Canavesi coming in second and third respectively.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 50 cyclists who had completed all eighteen stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.
Mountains classification.
In the mountains classification, the Giro organizers selected different mountains that the route crossed and awarded points to the riders who crossed them first. 

</doc>
<doc id="19980864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980864" title="Treguaco">
Treguaco

Treguaco, also spelled as Trehuaco, is a Chilean town and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region. The commune spans an area of .
Demographics.
According to data from the 2002 Census of Population and Housing, the Treguaco commune had 5,296 inhabitants; of these, 1,245 (23.5%) lived in urban areas and 4,051 (76.5%) in rural areas. At that time, there were 2,788 men and 2,508 women residing in the commune. The commune's population fell by 6% (341 persons) between the censuses of 1992 and 2002 (0.6% annual loss). "Trehuaquino" is the demonym for a man from Treguaco, and "Trehuaquina" is a woman from Treguaco.
Administration.
As a commune, Treguaco is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. For the years 2008-2012, the alcalde is Luis Cuevas Iarra (Ind.), and the council members are:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Treguaco is represented in the Chamber of Deputies as a part of the 42nd electoral district (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, San Nicolás, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Ránquil, Quillón, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19980869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980869" title="Taylor Green">
Taylor Green

Marshall Taylor Green (born November 2, 1986) is a Major League Baseball third baseman for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Professional career.
College.
Green attended Mark R. Isfeld Senior Secondary School in Courtenay, British Columbia and played high school baseball for the Parksville Royals of the British Columbia Premier Baseball League. He went on to play two years of collegiate baseball at Cypress College, where he was named a First Team Orange Empire Conference All-Star and Junior College 1st Team All-American.
Milwaukee Brewers.
Green was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 25th round (745th pick) of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his professional debut playing for the Rooke League Helena Brewers in 2006. He was promoted to the Class A West Virginia Power in 2007. That season, in which he had a .327 batting average, 14 home runs, and 86 RBI, Green was named the Brewers Organization Player of the Year. He also made the mid and post-season South Atlantic League All-Star teams. "Baseball America" selected him as a "Low Class A 3B All-Star".
After the 2007 season, he was named to Team Canada's Baseball World Cup team that participated in the 2007 World Cup in Taipei, Taiwan. The team qualified for a spot in the 2008 Summer Olympics, but Green did not make the team.
In 2008, he played for the Class A-Advanced Brevard County Manatees. He was selected for the mid and post-season Florida State League (FSL) All-Star teams, and finished second in the FSL Home Run Derby. Green split the 2009 season between the Class A Wisconsin Timber Rattlers and the Double-A Huntsville Stars. His entire 2010 season was played with Huntsville.
In 2011, Green was promoted to the major leagues. He made his debut on August 31 as a pinch hitter, singling in his first at bat for his first career hit. In 37 at bats, he batted .270.
Green hit his first major league home run off of Carlos Mármol in a win against the Chicago Cubs on June 6th, 2012.
During April 2013, Green underwent left hip surgery and will miss all of the 2013 season.
Green was outrighted off the Brewers roster on October 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19980890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980890" title="Ernest Hemingway bibliography">
Ernest Hemingway bibliography

This is a list of works by Ernest Hemingway (1899–1961). This list includes his novels, short stories and non-fiction as well as film and television adaptations of his works.
Works.
(Titles published after 1961 are posthumous).
Adaptations.
US/UK film adaptations
Television productions
In 1958, Hemingway also acquired the rights to Frederick Russell Burnham's memoir, "Scouting on Two Continents", to be produced for television by CBS with Gary Cooper, but Hemingway died before production.
Other film adaptations

</doc>
<doc id="19980915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980915" title="Scott Jonathan Fletcher">
Scott Jonathan Fletcher

Scott Fletcher (born August 23, 1973) is a British entrepreneur.
In July 2008 Scott was named Entrepreneur of the Year for the North West at the National Business Awards. Scott personally donated £10,000 in ANS’ name to fund the first prize in the ‘New East Manchester Enterprize Competition.’ Their business advice service helped set up 42 new companies in 2007. He is also active within the local community, having previously sat on the board of FC United of Manchester and as a Governor of a local school, Manchester Academy. In April 2009, Fletcher was lauded for intervening to save an artist's home from repossession, offering to pay the outstanding and future mortgage payments.

</doc>
<doc id="19980934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980934" title="USS Wanderer (SP-2440)">
USS Wanderer (SP-2440)

The second USS "Wanderer" (SP-2440) was a patrol vessel that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.
"Wanderer" was a motorboat built in 1913 at Norfolk, Virginia, by Craig Brothers, and owned by R. F. Barret of Norfolk. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy for service as a section patrol boat during World War I. Inspected at the 5th Naval District on 13 April 1917 and designated SP-2440, she was placed in commission on the same day as USS "Wanderer".
"Wanderer" operated on local and section patrol duties for the duration of World War I. She was returned to her owner on 30 December 1918.
"Wanderer" was one of two U.S. Navy ships named USS "Wanderer" in service simultaneously during World War I, the other being USS "Wanderer" (SP-132).

</doc>
<doc id="19980936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980936" title="List of recessions in the United Kingdom">
List of recessions in the United Kingdom

This is a list of (recent) recessions (and depressions) that have affected the economy of the United Kingdom. In the United Kingdom and all other EU member states, a recession is generally defined as two successive quarters of negative economic growth, as measured by the seasonally adjusted quarter-on-quarter figures for real GDP.
Initial data showed a recession also took place from Q4-2011 until Q2-2012, widely referred to as the Double Dip Recession. When revised data was presented on 23 August 2013, it was still strictly speaking a technical recession, as the quarter on quarter changes of seasonal adjusted real GDP growth was calculated to: Q42011 = 0.11%, Q12012 = 0.01%, Q22012 = 0.50%. When a new set of revised data was published on 9 October 2013, the figures for Q12012 however showed some completely flat growth at 0.0000%, which meant this period no longer met the generally accepted definition of a recession, requiring a minimum of 2 consecutive quarters of negative economic growth. The latest revised data published on 20 December 2013, however now again show the "Double Dip recession" did occur in Q4-2011 to Q2-2012, with three consecutive quarterly growth rates at -0.11%, -0.04% and -0.42%.

</doc>
<doc id="19980953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980953" title="Cove Reber">
Cove Reber

Cove Reber (born August 28, 1985) is an American musician and singer-songwriter, best known as the former lead vocalist for Saosin from early 2004 to July 21, 2010. Reber is now focusing on a new project called "Patriot".
Bands.
In early 2000, Cove was the vocalist for bands such as "Mormon In The Middle" and "Stamp Out Detroit"
In early 2004, Cove integrated to the post-hardcore band, Saosin, where he replaced the former singer, Anthony Green (current frontman of Circa Survive) after Green departed from the band. With Saosin, Cove recorded "Saosin" (2006) and "In Search of Solid Ground" (2009), before being asked to leave the band in early 2010. Reber now plans on entering the recording business by opening a new recording studio in his home town with his business partner, Joey Bradford.

</doc>
<doc id="19980967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980967" title="Uncial 0144">
Uncial 0144

Uncial 0144 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 012 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Mark 6:47-7:14, on two parchment leaves (29 cm by 21 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 28 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
It is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The Greek text of this codex was not classified to any of four text-types. It was not placed it in Categories of New Testament manuscripts of Aland. 
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="19980993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19980993" title="Teazer (privateer)">
Teazer (privateer)

Teazer was an American privateer schooner in the War of 1812 that the British captured and destroyed in January 1813. She is best known as the predecessor of the ill-fated schooner "Young Teazer".
A small schooner based out of New York, "Teazer" was one of the first American privateers to put to sea in the war. On her first voyage she quickly captured six brigs and six schooners that she sent in to US ports as prizes. However, her career was short-lived. On 17 January 1813, captured her. British sailors then boarded "Teazer" and set her afire.
The British allowed "Teazer"s officers to go home on parole: that is, they were freed upon their promising that they would not sail against Great Britain until an equivalent British prisoner had been exchanged. One of the privateer officers was Lieutenant Frederick Johnson. "Teazer"s owner, Samuel Adams of New York, quickly built a larger replacement schooner named "Young Teazer", and Johnson joined "Young Teazer", breaking his parole. 
When the British cornered "Young Teazer" at Mahone Bay on 27 June 1813, Johnson was serving as her First Lieutenant. Known for his violent temper, and vowing to avoid capture, he set off an explosion that killed almost the entire crew of "Young Teazer".

</doc>
<doc id="19981000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981000" title="Bob McDonald (politician)">
Bob McDonald (politician)

Robert Matthew Turnbull McDonald (26 September 1931 – 9 June 2002) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Hamilton, Ontario, he was a businessman, insurance agent, professional football player and public servant.
Bob McDonald joined the Hamilton Tiger-Cats as a defensive halfback in 1950 and won the Canadian Football League's Gruen Trophy as rookie of the year in the Big Four eastern conference. He quit professional football after contracting poliomyelitis on 6 August 1953 after which he required the use of crutches.
Recovered from the illness, his new career was selling insurance. As the 1957 federal election approached, the Progressive Conservative party recruited McDonald as their candidate in the Hamilton South riding. On election day, 10 June 1957, a 25-year-old McDonald defeated Liberal party incumbent Russell Reinke as part of an Ontario sweep by the Tories, helping John Diefenbaker win a minority government. 
After winning two more terms in the 1958 and 1962 federal elections, McDonald was defeated by William Dean Howe of the New Democratic Party in the 1963 election. McDonald served three terms from the 23rd to 25th Canadian Parliaments.
After leaving federal politics McDonald became a Hamilton school trustee in 1964 and returned to business for a decade, running Crystal Glass and Plastics. He moved to provincial government in the 1970s as general manager of the Ontario Mortgage Corporation. From 1978 to 1991, he held various deputy minister positions with the Government of Ontario. He also served on the Peel Police Services Board and the National Parole Board.
McDonald died in June 2002, survived by his wife, two daughters and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19981007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981007" title="Astaroth in popular culture">
Astaroth in popular culture

The Canaanite goddess Ashtoreth, renamed as the Goetic demon Astaroth, has appeared many times in modern popular culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19981012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981012" title="Charles Pence Slichter">
Charles Pence Slichter

Charles Pence Slichter (born January 21, 1924) is an American physicist, best known for his work on nuclear magnetic resonance and superconductivity.
He was awarded the 2007 National Medal of Science "for establishing nuclear magnetic resonance as a powerful tool to reveal the fundamental molecular properties of liquids and solids. His inspired teaching has led generations of physicists and chemists to develop a host of modern technologies in condensed matter physics, chemistry, biology and medicine."
Work.
Slichter's research has focused primarily on NMR and superconductivity. His most important work includes:
He also served as a member of the Harvard Corporation, Harvard's primary governing body, from 1970–1995; as a member of the board of the National Science Foundation from 1976–1984; as a member of the President's Science Advisory Committee from 1965–1969; as a member of the President's Committee on the National Medal of Science, 1969–1974; and as a member of the President's Committee on Science and Technology Policy, 1976. In 1993 Slichter was awarded the Comstock Prize in Physics from the National Academy of Sciences.
Family.
Slichter is the son of economist Sumner Slichter, the grandson of mathematician Charles S. Slichter, and the father of musician Jacob Slichter and brother of Bell Labs executive William P. Slichter.

</doc>
<doc id="19981020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981020" title="Bowen (surname)">
Bowen (surname)

Bowen is a Celtic surname representing two separate Celtic families, the Welsh "ab Owain" ("son of Owen") and the Irish "Ó Buadhacháin" ("descendant of Bohan").

</doc>
<doc id="19981022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981022" title="TAC STARK">
TAC STARK

TAC Stark is a four-wheel drive manufactured by Tecnologia Automotiva Catarinense.

</doc>
<doc id="19981037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981037" title="The Wizard of Oz (video game)">
The Wizard of Oz (video game)

The Wizard of Oz is a Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game which is loosely based on the classic movie "The Wizard of Oz". It was released by Manley and Associates (now Electronic Arts) in 1993. The object in the game is to defeat the Wicked Witch of the West that is trying to take Dorothy's ruby slippers so that Dorothy can return to Kansas.
Gameplay and premise.
Dorothy Gale travels to places like Shy Village, Gamboge Gorge, Maize Meadow, Saffron Fields, Xanthin Farms, Citron City, The Red Country, and Cinnabar City. Out of all these settings, most of them are never seen in the film version. Then it veers off into other stages that are actually locations from the 1990 "Wizard of Oz" animated series by DIC Entertainment (except for the Emerald City and the poppy fields, the latter being an essential part of the film version because the original point of the story was get to the "Emerald City" and see the Wizard).
Dorothy can kick, shoot with Glinda's wand (and she is the only one who can shoot stars and bubbles), and jump. She's trying to see the Wizard of Oz so he can send her home, and she also wants to get Toto back from the Wicked Witch of the West. The Scarecrow is the most vulnerable and lightest member of the party. He can jump and shoot gems, and attack with a pitchfork. If he gets too close to crows, they fly away. He's the second character you get. The Tin Man is the toughest character, but also the heaviest, so he can't jump. He can still shoot gems, kick, and attack with his axe. He's the third character you get. The Cowardly Lion is cowardly, and almost as good as Dorothy. He can jump, throw gems, and attack with his paws. He can also climb trees. He is the fourth and final character you receive.
At the end of the game, after defeating the Wicked Witch of the West, they confront the Wizard. He informs Dorothy she has used up all the power in her shoes but he will still send her home. She floats away back to Kansas, with Toto, in the Wizard's balloon.

</doc>
<doc id="19981042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981042" title="Synesthesia (group show)">
Synesthesia (group show)

Synesthesia is a multi-arts group performance, produced by Electric Pear Productions, which takes place annually in New York City.
The show is assembled following the rules of the Surrealist Exquisite Corpse: Participants create their works in-sequence, with each artist allotted about two weeks production time. The first artist is presented a random seed (a fortune cookie) as an initial inspiration; subsequent artists are exposed only to the work of the artist immediately prior to themselves. All of these "hand-offs" are documented on video. When the final artist completes their piece, the collected work is presented live, in order, and incorporating the documentary footage.
Performances.
Synesthesia 2007 took place from February 7 to February 10, 2007, at the Harris Lieberman Gallery.
Lineup:
Synesthesia 2008 took place April 2, 3, 5th & 6th, 2008, at the Judson Memorial Church.
Lineup:
Synesthesia 2009 took place February 25–28, 2009, at The Wild Project NYC.
Lineup:
Synesthesia 2010 took place April 21–29, 2010, at The Wild Project NYC.
Lineup:

</doc>
<doc id="19981049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981049" title="Belial in popular culture">
Belial in popular culture

The demon Belial, or characters named for him, have appeared in many examples of modern culture. This is distinct from medieval culture and Milton where Belial was related to the character in Jewish sources.
Music.
The American death metal band refers to Belial by name in the 12th track of their 5th studio album titled "Blood in the ink".

</doc>
<doc id="19981054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981054" title="Johan Schmidt">
Johan Schmidt

Johan Schmidt is a Belgian pianist.
He won the Maria Callas Competition in Athens, and was prized at the Queen Elisabeth (1987, 4th prize plus Audience prize), Tchaikovsky (1990, 3rd prize - ex-aequo with Kevin Kenner and Anton Mordasov) and Van Cliburn (1993, 4th prize) competitions. In addition, he was awarded the Leonardo da Vinci Prize from the Rotary International.
Schmidt has performed internationally, both as a concert pianist and a chamber musician. He has taught at the Royal Conservatory in Mons and currently teaches at the Royal Conservatory in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="19981057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981057" title="John Nestor">
John Nestor

John Oliver Nestor (November 7, 1912 - May 1, 1999) was a U.S. Food and Drug Administration medical officer.
In 1972 he had been transferred out of FDA’s cardio-renal-pulmonary unit because that division “had approved no new chemical entities … from 1968 to 1972, an experience that contrasted with the experience of every other medical modern nation and with the experience of other divisions of the FDA.”
He also achieved fame in the Washington, D.C. area in 1984 after The Washington Post published his letter describing his favored driving method: On highways Nestor would settle his vehicle in the far left lane and set the cruise control at the speed limit, at the time 55 mph. He would not move to the right for drivers behind him. "Why," he asked, "should I inconvenience myself for someone who wants to speed?" 
Nestor's letter enraged many motorists and led Paul J. Leonard to coin the term 'Nestoring' to describe the practice in another letter to the editor. Nestor died in 1999 at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="19981063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981063" title="Small Plate Movement">
Small Plate Movement

The Small Plate Movement is a combined effort by academia, government, media, and industry to help American families lose weight and feel healthier by simply reducing the size of their dinnerware. The Movement was announced in San Diego on October 27, 2008 at the American Public Health Association conference.
Research.
Recent studies in medical, nutrition, and marketing journals have illustrated how people serve themselves in proportion to the size plate that they have been given. That is, while 3 ounces of pasta on a 10-inch plate looks like a sizable portion, the same amount on a 12-inch plate looks comparatively much smaller, as can be seen in this. image?
As a result, a person tends to overserve on to larger plates. Because people consume an average of 92% of what they serve themselves, larger plates lead to larger food intake. A two inch difference in plate diameter—from 12 to 10 inch plates—would result in servings 22% lower in calories, on average, yet it is not drastic enough to trigger a counteracting response. If a typical dinner has 800 calories, a smaller plate would lead to a weight loss of around 18 lbs. per year for the average adult.
Families and restaurants.
The Small Plate Movement consists of two initiatives; one aimed at families, and one at restaurants. The Family Initiative aims at encouraging consumers to reduce the size of their dinner plates from the average 12-inch plate most people have in their cupboards to a more reasonable size of 10-inches. A two inch drop results in 22% fewer calories being served, yet it is not drastic enough to trigger a counteracting response. While the basic Consumer Initiative is an ongoing education campaign, one focus of the campaign is the Small Plate Challenge, which asks consumers to commit to using smaller (10") dinner plates for the largest meal of their day for one month.
The second Initiative is aimed at encouraging restaurants to reduce the size of their plates. For buffet restaurants, smaller plates would reduce both food costs and waste. For fixed-plate restaurants, smaller plates would increase perceptions of value. In either case, research shows it would lead consumers to eat less food.

</doc>
<doc id="19981064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981064" title="Charles John Guthrie, Baron Guthrie">
Charles John Guthrie, Baron Guthrie

Charles John Guthrie, Lord Guthrie (4 April 1849, Edinburgh – 28 April 1920, Edinburgh) was a Scottish lawyer.
Guthrie was the son of Rev Thomas Guthrie, editor of the "Sunday Magazine". He was educated at Edinburgh Academy and Edinburgh University, and in 1875, was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates. From 1881 to 1900, he was legal adviser to the Church of Scotland, and in 1897, became a Q.C. In 1907, he was appointed a Judge of the Court of Session and a Lord Advocate. Lord Guthrie was a member of the Royal Commissions on Historical Monuments in Scotland (1908) and on Divorce and Matrimonial Causes (1909), and was Chairman of the Houseletting Commission (1906-07). 
When he was young, Guthrie had been a friend of Robert Louis Stevenson, and published, in 1914, an appreciation of "Cummy," Stevenson's nurse. His other works include "John Knox and his House" (1898), and an edition of Knox's "History of the Reformation in Scotland" (1898), besides contributions to the memoir of his father, Thomas Guthrie (1875). From 1910 to 1919, he was President of the Boys' Brigade of Great Britain and Ireland, and was a member of various antiquarian societies.
In one of his first trials as a Judge, that of Oscar Slater, Lord Guthrie misdirected the jury and made highly prejudicial attacks on the character of the accused, contributing to a guilty verdict. Guthrie also failed to highlight misleading comments made by the Liberal Party's Lord Advocate, Alexander Ure, in his summing up. Slater was convicted, sentenced to death, but fortunately this was commuted and he was subsequently freed on appeal 20 years later, being awarded £6,000 in compensation.
Guthrie married the daughter of Rev. J.C. Burns, D.D., of Kirkliston, and there were two sons and three daughters to the marriage.
Lord Guthrie died at Edinburgh 28 April 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19981070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981070" title="Crack the Skye">
Crack the Skye

Crack the Skye is the fourth studio album by American progressive metal band Mastodon, released on March 24, 2009 through Reprise Records. The album debuted at number 11 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 41,000 copies in its first week. In Australia, the album debuted at number 19. It had sold 200,000 copies in the US as of September 2010, making it one of their highest selling albums to date.
According to an interview on the DVD The Making of Crack the Skye, this album represents the element of aether, which is represented by the souls and spirits of all things, a theme closely related to the context of the album. Because the elements of fire, water and earth have already represented by the band's first three albums "Remission", "Leviathan" and "Blood Mountain", respectively, the element of air is the only classical element which has yet to be represented by a Mastodon album, as their follow-up studio album "The Hunter" does not represent an element, nor is it a concept album.
Crack the Skye is the first studio album to feature drummer Brann Dailor as the band's third lead vocalist.
Musical and lyrical themes.
Drummer Brann Dailor described the album as more "focused" than its predecessor, "Blood Mountain": "Maybe there was a deeper heart to this record that needed more exploring… We got more involved with feeling the vibe of the record and everything feels more creepy and spaced out and something special is going on."
Vocalist/bassist Troy Sanders said in an interview with Stereogum, ""Crack The Skye" is a departure from everything we've previously recorded in the sense that we kinda strapped on our aeroshells and departed from Earth for a while, and then captained to the ethereal element of the universe and kind of slept on the roof of the world for a while to get a perspective on this record. ... Basically we're exploring the ethereal world. We're dissecting the dark matter that dominates the universe, in a nutshell."
When asked in multiple interviews Dailor said the record would tell a story dealing variously with the art aesthetics of Tsarist Russia, astral travel, out of body experiences and Stephen Hawking's theories on wormholes.
Dailor has also said that "Crack the Skye" is meant as an homage to his sister, Skye Dailor, who committed suicide at age 14.
Scott Kelly, who guested on the title track, has this to say about the song:
Artwork.
Paul Romano, who had done all of Mastodon's artwork to that point, created the album art for "Crack the Skye". The piece features various ethereal images tied in closely with the overall concept of the record. "Crack the Skye" was released in two editions: the Standard and the Limited Edition. The latter has an elaborate packaging with a tunnel book that, when looked through, reveals three-dimensional like imagery. A "hidden" picture of Brann Dailor's sister, Skye, can be seen on both sides of the tunnel book as well.
Release.
Crack the Skye has been released as standard CD version and CD/DVD version, which included a bonus DVD with a documentary and a track commentary. Furthermore, standard single-disc LP and limited-edition 2xLP were released. A "super-deluxe" CD/DVD version that includes a tunnel book and a lithograph of the album art sold out during pre-orders, and a "Royal Edition" with a CD of the instrumental versions of the songs and an entirely new black-and-gold artwork was released the December 15, 2009.
Critical reception.
Initial critical response to "Crack the Skye" was very positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received a score of 82, based on 29 reviews, indicating "Universal Acclaim." "Time Magazine" placed "Crack the Skye" at #3 on its "Top 10 Albums of 2009" list, and "Rock Sound" named it their Album of the Year for 2009. In addition, "Spin Magazine" listed it as the 17th best album of the year. Rhapsody called it the 7th best album of 2009.
"Crack the Skye" received positive reviews from many major reviewing sites. "Total Guitar"'s Nick Cracknell awarded the album a 5/5 rating, describing it as "even more ambitious in scope and sound than 2006’s "Blood Mountain". Embracing elements of prog and country, but above all classic rock, Hinds and Kelliher literally add new dimensions to the band’s ever-expanding sound." "Decibel", who named "Blood Mountain" as their number 1 album of 2006, gave Crack the Skye a 7/10 rating as reviewer Joe Gross responded that ""Crack" is clearly designed as a grower, not a shower, the sound of a band that grew tired of people not responding to their ground game, so they put the ball in the air. Who knows when it will come down?" "Clash"'s review was particularly glowing in its praise for the album, saying "no metal release of 2009 is likely to be as important as ‘Crack The Skye." The review praised the album's expansive sound and emotion, and finished by claiming that the album is "surely destined to become the stuff of legend." Reviewer Nate Chinen of the "New York Times" noted the album's "ambitious vision and vivid execution." The New Yorker pop music critic Sasha Frere-Jones lists it as one of his favorite albums of the year on his personal blog and in an article for The New Yorker called the Crack the Skye a "deeply entertaining album."
The album was also voted the #1 Album of 2009 by "Metal Hammer"'s critics and contributors.

</doc>
<doc id="19981082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981082" title="Nova (Dutch band)">
Nova (Dutch band)

Nova was a Dutch electronic music band, who reached the number 1 position in the Dutch Top 40 in 1982 with the instrumental "Aurora".
History.
The group consisted of Rob Papen, Ruud van Es and Peter Kommers. Later in 1982, the group scored another hit called "Sol". The three members of the band also performed under the name Peru. Nova was the "commercial" branch of Peru. After Nova's success, the group went on as Peru. Using this name, the group had another modest hit in the Dutch single charts with the song "Africa". Rob Papen and Ruud van Es are still active in producing music, albeit no longer under the names Nova nor Peru.
"Aurora" originated as a theme from a Peru song called "Sons of Dawn". Willem van Kooten, former director of the record company "Red Bullet", discovered the song and, with help from producer Chris Pilgram, helped make it a number-1 hit in the Netherlands and the definitive breakthrough for both Nova and Peru.
Discography.
As Erotic Dreams

</doc>
<doc id="19981084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981084" title="Ránquil">
Ránquil

Ránquil is a Chilean commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region. The communal capital is the town of Ñipas.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute Ránquil had 5,683 inhabitants (2,896 men and 2,787 women). Of these, 1,337 (23.5%) lived in urban areas and 4,346 (76.5%) in rural areas. The population fell by 11.3% (721 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Ránquil is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Carlos Garrido Carcamo (UDI).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Ránquil is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, San Nicolás, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Quillón, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19981113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981113" title="Frédéric Duplus">
Frédéric Duplus

Frédéric Duplus (born 7 April 1990 in Belfort) is a French football player who currently plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem in the Belgian Pro League.
Football career.
Duplus has been with the Doubs-based side since 2002. He was a part of Sochaux's youth squad that won the Coupe Gambardella in 2007. He made his highly anticipated professional debut in Sochaux's 3rd round 1–0 win over Olympique Marseille in the 2008–09 edition of the Coupe de la Ligue coming on as a substitute playing 11 minutes. It was discovered that Duplus had in fact tore ligaments in one of his knees ruling the youngster out of both league and international play for up to six months. He returned to Sochaux for the 2009–10 season and was assigned the first team number 2 shirt.
International career.
Duplus was a member of the France squad that participated in the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup helping France reach the quarter-finals before being eliminated by Spain. He also played on the France U-19 team making his debut in the opening match of the 2008 Sendaï Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19981114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981114" title="Marie Henrieta Chotek">
Marie Henrieta Chotek

Countess Henrieta Hermína Rudolfína Ferdinanda Marie Antonie Anna Chotková of Chotkov and Vojnín – (known as "Marie Henrieta Chotek" - ) - (1863–1946), also known as "the countess of roses" was a grower of roses, who established the rosarium of Dolná Krupá (Slovakia),
The Dolná Krupá mansion.
The village of Dolná Krupá (, ) is located in the Danubian Hills at the foot of the Little Carpathians in the Krupá River valley. The development of the Dolná Krupá estate started when it entered in the possession of Michael II Brunswick (1671–1719) as he married Mária Terézia Vitalisová, the newlyweds choosing the property as their residence. In 1749–1756, their son, Anton Brunswick, built the first baroque mansion, designed by the viennese architect Johann Baptist Martinelli. On October 7, 1775, empress Maria Terezia of Austria awarded Anton Brunswick the title of count Brunswick of Krompach. 
After Anton’s death, in 1780, the estate was inherited by his son, Jozef Brunswick (1750–1827), who appointed architect Johann Joseph Thalherr to renovate the mansion, the works being carried out from 1782 to 1796. The renovation significantly increased the size of the building but kept the baroque style of the mansion. An orangery and other annex buildings were constructed. In 1813 Jozef Brunswick asked architect Anton Pius Riegel to procure several old statues from Rome for the ornamentation of the mansion and of the park, in order to enhance its classical appearance. At the same time, from 1813–1819, landscaping architect Christian Heinrich Nebbien created an English garden covering 100 hectares with many ponds. Other extensions and renovations were made from 1822-1828. The mansion was considered to be one of the most attractive residences of the aristocracy in Slovakia. Are informaţii suplimentare
Jozef Brunswick was a friend of composer Ludwig van Beethoven who was his guest at the Dolná Krupá mansion from 1797 - 1806. A small building near the entrance to the park, called the ‘’Beethoven House’’ is claimed to be the place where the composer lived during his stay. This is where he composed the (Sonata No. 14, (Moonlight Sonata). At present, a Beethoven Museum is located in the house.
In 1813, Henrietta Brunswick, daughter of Jozef Brunswick, married count Heřman Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín (1786–1822) and received the Dolná Krupá as dowry. The Choteks were an old Czech aristocratic family. Sophie Chotek, wife of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, was a cousin of Maria Henrietta’s.
Herman Chotek died in 1822. In the following years, the estate stayed in the possession of the counts Chotek, first Herman’s son, Rudolf Chotek, and thereafter Maria Henrietta Chotek (1863–1945).
Maria Henrietta Chotek and the beginning of the Dolná Krupá rose garden.
Countess Maria Henrietta Chotek was born on November 24, 1863. Maria Henrietta was a lonely person. She never married and thought she was very wealthy and was part of the Autro-Hungarioan high aristocracy she never wanted to go to the imperial court, even after her cousin had married the Crown prince. Maria Henrietta enjoyed her residence in Dolná Krupá where she could devote all her time to her only passion: growing roses.
For a long time after her death, villagers remembered her as a friendly person, fluent in the local Slovak, who participated to village festivities where she dressed in local clothes. Countess Maria Henrietta participated in local charities, generously supporting orphans and abandoned children.
In the 1890s, when she inherited the Dolna Krupa estate, she decided to create a rosarium in the mansion’s park, able to compete with the major rose gardens of the such as the Roseraie de L'Haÿ in France and Rosarium of Sangerhausen (at present called Europa Rosarium) in Germany. She was personally involved in breeding her roses and carried out experiments of improving rose species and developing new cultivars. 
Wellknown rosarians such as Peter Lambert, Wilhelm Kordes, Hermann Kiese, Johannes Böttner und Rudolf Geschwind were proud of being her friends and appreciated not only her competence but her unselfish help. In 1909 Pope Pius X awarded her a diploma of appreciation.
Countess Chotek was an important member of the "Verein Deutscher Rosenfreunde – VDR" (Union of German Friends of Roses), which had been created in 1903, She actively participated in various congreses of rose-breeders, where her rosarium was seen as one the first three in Europe. In 1910, at the Liegnitz (today Legnica in Silesia) congress, count Carl Friedrich von Pückler-Burghauss, mentioned the thee rosaria by stating: ""Today chains of roses link Germany with France and Austria-Hungary"". Countess Marie Henrieta Chotek was known as the "countess of roses". She is still mentioned under this name in works on the history of rose breeding. 
Her enthusiasm regarding roses was remarkable. Peter Lambert states that during an exhibition in Liegnitz Henrieta Chotek was so impressed by a rambling rose cultivar named "Fragezeichen" (Question Mark) presented by Johannes Böttner, that she left for Frankfurt as soon as the congress was over in order to be able to admire the new rose culvitars in all their splendor.
In 1910, after Rudolf Geschwind's death, countess Chotek acquired his entire collection of roses, thus ensuring the preservation of the genetic patrimony created by Geschwindt. She sent two of her employees to supervise the packing and transportation of the roses, which were thereafter transplanted to a special section of her rosarium. She thus acquired over 2,000 plants, including some cultivars which had not yet been on the market. It is due to those efforts that some of Geschwind's creations are present in Sangerhausen and other today's rosaria.
The Dolná Krupá rosarium was a pride of the Union of German Friends of Roses, and, in 1914, at the Rose Congress of Zweibrücken, rosarian Hermann Kiese presented an enthusiastic description of the rosarium which he had visited a short time before. The Zweibrücken Congress was the last major event organized by the Union and a recognition of Countess Chotek's achievements. Only a few days after the closure of the congress, on June 28, 1914 Archduke Franz Ferdinand, Austria-Hungary's crownprince and his wife Sophie (Marie Henrieta's cousin) were Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in Saraevo. This marked not only the beginning of World War I but also the end of an era. From this moment, countess Chotek's and her rosarium's fates started their inexorable decline. 
During World War I, countess Chotek gave up her gardening and worked as a nurse, taking care of wounded soldiers, working in the hospital of Tyrnau (now Trnava). When she returned to her estate, at the end of the war, her rosarium was completely destroyed. The Austro-Hungarian monarchy had ceased to exist, Unter Krompach was not called Alsókorompa but had taken the name of Dolná Krupá and the little village was now part of Czechoslovakia.
Decline of the Dolná Krupá rosarium.
After the end of the war, countess Marie Henrieta Chotek started to work on rebuilding her rosarium. But, after the war, the number of those interested in roses or who could afford such an activity had dramatically declined. In order to revive the interest for the roses she loved so dearly, besides working on her rosarium, she also established in Dolná Krupá a school for rose growing. 
Dr. Gustav Brada, a Czech horticulturist also specializing in growing roses, who visited Dolná Krupá in 1921 stated that the rosarium had been extremely damaged during the war and that the loss of some rare rose cultivars was practically impossible to overcome. The only rose garden which had not suffered due to the war was the Roseraie de L'Haÿ in France and the successors of Jules Gravereau, who were in charge of the rosarium were not inclined to help competition develop in the countries defeated during the war. Also, rebuilding the rose garden required important investments and countess Marie Henrieta Chotek did not have the means in the difficult economic conditions after the war. 
Rose growing required much labor as the according to the procedures used in the 1920s, roses had to be replanted every 4–5 years, in order to avoid the depletion of the nutrient qualities of the soil. After the roses were removed, the plots were covered with manure and for one year potatoes were grown. The following years beans or peas were grown after which the plots had to be ploughed deeply before roses could be replanted. These procedures were very expensive.
However, when Gustav Brada visited Dolná Krupá again, in 1927 he could assess that countess Marie Henrieta Chotek had succeeded in rebuilding a model rosarium, which, according to him, was an important attraction in Slovakia. The catalog printed by the rosarium listed 885 different cultivars, including 228 climbing roses, 33 Bourbon roses and 210 garden roses, the rest being so-called noble roses. The rosarium also created new cultivars, the most important being an "Nordlandrose II", an improvement of one of one Rudolf Geschwind's creations. The last important creations included in the catalog were "Phaenomen" in 1933 and "Ignis" in 1934.
However these successes were superficial. The rosarium never regained the richness and the size it had in 1914, before the war. Countess Marie Henrieta Chotek was in idealist, who had an outstanding knowledge in rose breeding, who loved roses above anything in the world but who had few skills as a businesswoman. Her rose breeding school ran into financial difficulties. She was already 70 years old and did not have the intellectual and physical energy to carry on her work all by herself. She had helped others all her life but now when she needed help she could get it from nowhere. She could not maintain her rosarium any longer and both she and her rosarium were aging rapidly.
In 1934, at the inauguration of the rose garden on the Petřín Hill in Prague, professor Karl Domin had to concede:
"The Dolná Krupá rosarium is far from what it was some time ago. The park is gradually being destroyed. Large parts of the park are being cultivated with potatoes and corn, to ensure the means of survival. The old countess lives alone in her large palace. However, the few visitors she still has can still feel how great her love of roses is."
However, changes occurred not only in Dolná Krupá. In 1934 the Union of German Friends of Roses was merged into the third section of the German Society for Horticulture and the headquarters moved to Berlin. It was one of the measures taken by the authorities of the Third Reich to gain control over various professional organizations. The publication of the magazines of the Union of German Friends of Roses was also discontinued and replaced by the printing of year books. The 1938 year book is the last mentioning the Dolná Krupá rosarium.
After de Division of Czechoslovakia and the beginning of World War II nobody was interested in roses any more. Due to the war manpower for the rose garden was scarce and every year the rosarium fell into a worse state. Towards the end of the war the palace was ransacked by the Soviet Army and the park was destroyed. The cottage in which the countess was living in those days, called the "Swiss mansion" was completely demolished by the villagers who used the bricks as building materials to repair their own houses. Countess Marie Henrieta Chotek, old, sick and completely destitute had to rely on the charity of the villagers in order to survive. On February 13, 1946, age 83 the countess of the roses died while being cared of by the nuns of a neighboring monastery.
Marie Henrieta Chotek was buried in the family mausoleum, located in the graveyard next to the parrish church of 
Dolná Krupá. The mausoleum had been built in 1895 by her father, Rudolf Chotek, and had been spared by the war.î
Legacy.
All the properties of the Chotek family were nationalized by the Czechoslovak communist authorities. The palace was converted into a psychiatric hospital which operated from 1949 to 1969. In 1969 it was converted into a retreat for Slovak writers and consequently became a museum. It still has this destination.
Nothing was left of the rosarium which had once been one of the finest in the world. The land was converted into agricultural land. The socialist economy needed crop production, not roses.
In the 1990s, German horticulturist Johannes Kalbus attempted to revive the tradition, by donating various precious rose cultivars to the Dolná Krupá domain. A new rosarium was created in Dolná Krupá in memory of the one which had belonged to Marie Henrieta Chotek. The new rosarium is sponsored by the Club of Rose Lovers of Slovakia ("Rosa Club"). Starting 1993 at the beginning of June the rosarium organizes an exhibition "The beauty of roses and of forms". Periodically seminars discussiong "Roses in human life" are organized. But the name of Maria Henrietta Chotekova, who established rose breeding in Dolná Krupá, seems to be forgotten is not mentioned any more.
Several rosarians have dedicat their roses to Marie Henrieta Chotek:
The cultivar created by Hermann Kiese in 1910 still survives and exists in the rosarium of Sangerhausen. And thus, the name of countess Marie Henrieta Chotek remains closely linked to the Union of Rose Lovers of Germany and reminds viewers of times long gone when roses alone could be the purpose of life.

</doc>
<doc id="19981151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981151" title="Grangewood Independent School">
Grangewood Independent School

Grangewoood Independent School is an independent primary school situated in Chester Road, Forest Gate, in the London Borough of Newham, United Kingdom. It is a member of the Independent Schools Association and was last inspected by the Independent Schools Inspectorate between April 24–27, 2006. The school provides Christian education for boys and girls aged 3.5–11 years and is the only Christian primary school in the borough.
Early history.
Grangewood Independent School was founded in September 1979 by Dr. Clive Vellacott, a Christian doctor and his wife, Susan, who were members of East Ham Baptist Church situated in East Ham. Their concern was that a God-centred education should be available in the London Borough of Newham for children of parents who cherished such an idea. The school was nevertheless open to children from other backgrounds and, over the years, the majority of children have come from Muslim, Hindu and other religious backgrounds. The parents of these children want them to receive a good education in a secure, disciplined environment and are prepared to accept that “Christianity” is an integral part of the curriculum at Grangewood.
The school opened with seven pupils for its first year in rooms in East Ham Baptist Church. In September 1980 the school moved to its present site, leasing the lower hall of the Plashet Park United Reformed Church. By this time the number of pupils had increased to twenty and, to the delight of the founders and staff, it received ‘Final Registration’ by the then Department of Education and Science.
At this time a secondary education department was commenced but it soon became obvious that this was not a viable operation and the department was closed in December 1981. The school now consisted of approximately 54 pupils in three classes with a teaching staff of three (including the Head).
Early in 1989 the church announced that it would be closing and the school obtained a short lease on the whole of the site. By September the school had increased to five classes and 90 pupils. The founders had also been giving thought to the future control of the school and Grangewood Educational Association, a company limited by guarantee, was formed to take over ownership of the school. The company obtained charitable status in June 1990 and the transferral of ownership was duly effected.
The opportunity arose to purchase the freehold of the property and, with the help of a very generous grant; the purchase was completed in November 1992.
Recent Times.
In the years since, a running programme of improvement and refurbishment has transformed the school and a sixth class has been added. The total school roll (as of June 2012) was 82 pupils which includes a mixed year 5/6 class in Key Stage 2.
In recent years, the school has had visits from distinguished guests which include Stephen Timms MP, and the former Mayor of the London Borough of Newham.
Head Teachers.
Former Headteachers include:

</doc>
<doc id="19981179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981179" title="Tylose">
Tylose

Tyloses are outgrowths on parenchyma cells of xylem vessels (vascular tissue used for water and mineral transport throughout a plant). When the plant is stressed by drought or infection, tyloses will fall from the sides of the cells and "dam" up the vascular tissue to prevent further damage to the plant.
Tyloses can aid in the process of making sapwood into heartwood in some hardwood trees, especially in trees with larger vessels. These blockages can be used in addition to gum plugs as soon as vessels become filled with air bubbles, and they help to form a stronger heartwood by slowing the progress of rot.

</doc>
<doc id="19981183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981183" title="Henry Clutton">
Henry Clutton

Henry Clutton (1819–1893) was an English architect and designer and a student of Edward Blore and also worked with William Burges.
Pupil(s).
John Francis Bentley.

</doc>
<doc id="19981200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981200" title="GR-159,897">
GR-159,897

GR-159,897 is a potent and selective NK2 receptor antagonist drug. It has anxiolytic effects in animal models, and also inhibits bronchoconstriction of the airways, which may potentially make it useful in the treatment of asthma.

</doc>
<doc id="19981206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981206" title="Papyrus 51">
Papyrus 51

Papyrus 51 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_151, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Galatians, it contains only Gal. 1:2-10.13.16-20. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th or 5th century. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type (proto-Alexandrian). Kurt Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Ashmolean Museum (P. Oxy 2157) in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19981235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981235" title="Quillón">
Quillón

Quillón is a Chilean city and commune and Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Quillón spans an area of and has 15,146 inhabitants (7,699 men and 7,447 women). Of these, 7,536 (49.8%) lived in urban areas and 7,610 (50.2%) in rural areas. The population grew by 4% (584 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Quillón is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Jaime Catalán Saldias (PDC).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Quillón is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, San Nicolás, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Ránquil, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19981240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981240" title="Changting Prefecture">
Changting Prefecture

Changting was essentially the same territory as the imperial-era Tingzhou fu, simply renamed in 1913 (Year Two of the Chinese Republic). Real reorganisation only came in the early years of the People's Republic (1949-- ), which established a "Diqu" (地区, "region") --since upgraded to the "Diji Shi" (地级市, "prefecture-level city")-- called Longyan. Two counties of the Imperial- and Republican eras, Ninghua and Qingliu, were detached. The remaining seven have henceforth been administered from a new centre, Xinluo (新罗), which is more accessible to the province's heavily populated coast. 
Note on Usage.
By Chinese convention the prefectural name would also refer, depending on context, to the city which was the seat of its government. Thus Mao Zedong's Red Army column is said to have taken "Changting" in 1929, meaning that his column exercised real control over what is now Tingzhou town. 

</doc>
<doc id="19981273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981273" title="Locke Avenue Bridge">
Locke Avenue Bridge

__NOTOC__
Locke Avenue Bridge is located on Locke Avenue (County Route 671), a two-lane rural route located at the northwest corner of Swedesboro in Gloucester County, New Jersey. This roadway runs generally north-south, connecting Kings Highway (County Route 551) with U.S. Route 322. The posted speed limit on Locke Avenue is .
Previous bridge (1911-2002).
The Locke Avenue Bridge was eligible for inclusion in the National Record of Historic Places. A Historic Bridge Alternatives Analysis dated June 1995 was prepared by Bettigole Andrews and Clark, Inc., and recommended to replace the swing bridge with a fixed bridge. The recommended alternative was accepted by the New Jersey State Historic Preservation Office of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection and the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation. As requirements of the Memorandum of Agreement from the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, preparation of Historic American Engineering Record (HAER) documentation of the bridge and a historic brochure were prepared. The purpose of the HAER documentation and the brochure are to provide written and photographic documentation of the history of commerce on the Raccoon Creek as it relates to the Locke Avenue Bridge and the history and physical operation of this type of movable bridge as located in this type of setting.
The swing bridge on Locke Avenue over the Raccoon Creek was long. It was a single-lane, center pivot swing bridge that carried vehicular traffic over Raccoon Creek. The swing span was designed to manually rotate at its center pivot pier, which allowed marine traffic to pass underneath. It was constructed in 1911. The swing span had been locked in the closed position since 1971. The main channel of the Raccoon Creek was under the northern span of the bridge and has not been dredged since April 1965.
The swing span was supported by pony trusses. The trusses were high, measured between centers of top and bottom truss chords. Also, the clear roadway width was , measured between two guide rails. There were no shoulders or sidewalks on the bridge and the overall width of the structure was . The bridge deck was constructed of timber planks with a timber curb along both sides of the deck. The vertical clearance above the bridge deck was unlimited and unrestricted. The posted load capacity on the bridge was .
Reason for replacement.
Overall condition of the bridge was poor due to increasing deterioration of the superstructure and substructure, which resulted in the posted load limit. It was functionally outdated because the deck geometry provided a one-lane roadway for two-way traffic. The steel roadway stringers, floor beams, and trusses were corroded. It also had severe deterioration of the truss connection plates, and loss of bearing beneath the trusses and the bearing blocks at the pivot pier. Also, the northern and southern approach roadways reduced in width to a single lane upon approaching the bridge. Both northern and southern roadway approaches to the bridge sat on a sag profile that created sight distance issues for drivers.
Current bridge.
The swing bridge was replaced with a girder bridge in 2002. An environmental permit was issued to Hatch Mott MacDonald by New Jersey Department of Transportation to replace the swing bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19981279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981279" title="Young Teazer">
Young Teazer

The Young Teazer was a United States privateer schooner that a member of her crew blew up at Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia during the War of 1812 after a series of British warships chased her and after trapped her. The schooner became famous for the deadly explosion that killed most of her crew and for the folklore about the ghostly "Teazer Light."
Historical context.
Many American privateers attacked British shipping off the coast of Nova Scotia during the War of 1812. This forced the British to deploy warships to patrol North American waters to forestall attacks and capture the American raiders.
The British naval strategy was twofold. First, the Royal Navy tried to protect British merchant shipping to and from Halifax, Canada and the West Indies. Second, the navy enforced a blockade of major American ports aimed at restricting American trade.
Both sides used privateers in the War of 1812 but the United States made greater use of them due to numerical inferiority of the United States Navy and the larger scale of British merchant trade relative to the United States's merchant trade. The Americans aimed to cause disruption through hit-and-run tactics, such as the capture of prizes and engaging Royal Navy vessels only under favorable circumstances. The American privateers were successful for the first part of the war. 
"Young Teazer's" predecessor was the American privateer schooner "Teazer", one of the first to put to sea when America declared war. HMS "San Domingo" captured "Teazer" in December 1812. "Teazer" was burnt at sea, but her crew, including her captain Frederick Johnson were released on parole, promising not to serve against the British until they had been exchanged for British prisoners of war. "Teazer's" owner Samuel Adams of New York, had the schooner "Young Teazer" built as a replacement.
Engagement.
After an initial successful cruise, "Young Teazer" left Portland, Maine on June 3, 1813 with 73 men on her second and final cruise was under the command of William D. Dobson with Frederick Johnson serving as Lieutenant. On 1 June 1813, captured the USS "Chesapeake" outside Boston Harbour. The British then towed "Chesapeake" to Halifax, Nova Scotia. While this was occurring, the crew of the "Young Teazer" boarded a vessel off La Have, but allowed her and her crew to proceed as she was in ballast, and hardly worth taking. When the vessel reached Halifax she reported the privateer's presence and description.
Shortly thereafter, "Young Teazer" captured two vessels off Sambro Island Light, at the entrance to Halifax Harbour. She then escaped possible capture by running into the harbor and raising British colors. The British discovered the ruse, but only after "Young Teazer" had left. Still, a number of British warships sailed in search of her.
While "Young Teazer" was attempting to capture ships near Halifax, the largest Nova Scotian privateer, the brig "Sir John Sherbrooke", came upon her and the privateer narrowly escaped from Halifax harbour.
On 13 June 1813, the 74-gun third rate , commanded by Thomas Bladen Capel (who fought alongside Nelson in the Battle of Trafalgar), encountered "Young Teaser" and forced her into Halifax Harbour, but Dobson and "Young Teazer" escaped the harbour again. On 17 June 1813, , which together with had recaptured the brig "Christiana", a prize that the privateer "Young Teazer" had taken, sailed in search of the privateer. On 17 June 1813, was in company with when they came upon HMS "Wasp" in pursuit of an American armed merchant brig "Porcupine" off Cape Sable. The three British ships continued the chase for another 100 miles before they finally were able to capture the brig. However, "Young Teazer" briefly escaped into fog before and "Castor" spotted her and commenced their chase. They too lost her. 
A few days later, the frigate HMS chased "Young Teazer" into Lunenburg Harbour. However, "Orpheus" lost her near Mahone Bay due to light winds. On 27 June, "Hogue" picked up the chase for 18 hours until she trapped "Young Teazer" in Mahone Bay. "Hogue" was firing "viciously" and "Orpheus" soon joined as well. In the evening, "Hogue" prepared to send a boarding party in five of her boats. Aboard "Teazer", Capt. Dobson discussed plans to defend the privateer with his crew, reduced to 38 men by prize crews sent off in captured vessels. Lt. Johnson, known for his erratic behaviour on previous cruises, argued with Dobson and disappeared below. The schooner exploded a few minutes later. Other accounts say Johnson, who feared hanging for breaking his parole, was seen rushing to the powder magazine. The attacking British boats were three miles from "Teazer". They returned to HMS "Hogue" after the explosion destroyed the schooner. Local residents rescued survivors, several of them badly burned, clinging to spars and the bow of the shattered hull of the schooner. Thirty of her crew died. The militia secured the survivors including the captain and took charge of the wreckage. After being treated for their wounds, the captured privateersmen were sent to the Melville Island prisoner of war camp in Halifax. Most were soon returned to the United States as part of the regular exchange of prisoners of war.
Legacy.
The hull of "Young Teazer", gutted but still partially afloat, was surrounded by floating bodies and wreckage, including her alligator figurehead and several Quaker guns – fake wooden cannons. Much of the wreckage was salvaged, including some timbers that were used for building construction in Mahone Bay such as the present day Rope Loft in Chester. One of the lanterns is in possession of a citizen of Blandford, Nova Scotia, while a piece of the keel was used to build the wooden cross inside of St. Stephen's Anglican Church at Chester. A scorched fragment of the keel and a cane made from "Teazer" fragments is displayed at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic in Halifax.
The name of the schooner was briefly revived in July 1813 when the Nova Scotian privateer schooner "Liverpool Packet" was captured and converted to an American privateer named "Young Teazer's Ghost". However "Young Teazer's Ghost" failed to capture any ships and was soon recaptured by the British. Her name of "Liverpool Packet" was restored and she returned to capturing American ships until the war's end.
The story of the "Young Teazer" inspired one of the best known ghost ships in Atlantic Canada, the so-called "Teazer Light". The folklore states a fiery glow or a flaming ship regularly appears on Mahone Bay near the site of the explosion, often near the June 27 anniversary. Accounts were first recorded in the late 19th century. Folklorist Helen Creighton documented numerous versions of the story in her classic folklore book "Bluenose Ghosts", although she noted that many sightings may be optical illusions during full moons. The gruesome end of the schooner and the many ghost stories have made the "Young Teazer" into a well known mythical figure in Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="19981284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981284" title="FN FNAR">
FN FNAR

The FNAR semi-automatic rifle was first introduced to the shooting public in 2008. It is a product of the US-based subsidiary of famous Belgian company FN Herstal, the FN Manufacturing Co. Despite the name, the FNAR is not an "AR" type rifle. Rather, the FNAR rifle is based on the proven and quite popular Browning BAR hunting rifle (which is unrelated to the original Browning BAR M1918 rifle of World War II fame).
Overview.
The FN FNAR is a gas-operated semi-automatic rifle. The short-stroke gas piston is located below the (internally chromed) barrel, within the stock. The barrel is locked using a rotary bolt with multiple lugs. The receiver is machined from aircraft-grade 7075 T6 aluminum alloy. The polymer stock has an adjustable buttstock and pistol grip. Ammunition is fed is from a detachable box magazine, with a standard capacity of 20 rounds of 7.62 mm ammunition, although 5 and 10 round magazines are available if required by local legislation. There are no iron sights installed by default; each FNAR rifle is fitted with a Picatinny rail on the top of the receiver, and three more short rails are installed at the front of the rifle stock.
The FNAR uses a two-stage non-adjustable trigger specified at between 3.25 and 5.5 pounds.
Variants.
The standard FN FNAR has a light fluted barrel. The heavy barreled FN FNAR-H variant weighs about a pound more. Both are out-of-the-box guaranteed to be capable of Minute of Angle accuracy. A Winchester-branded version is called the Winchester SX-AR. It eliminates the pistol grip and extra rails (except for the scope rail), and is usually found in Mossy Oak camo pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="19981307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981307" title="George Lister-Kaye">
George Lister-Kaye

George Lister-Kaye (November 1803 — 18 September 1871) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Wakefield and died in Heworth.
Lister-Kaye made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Kent in 1828. Batting in the upper-middle order, he scored 2 runs in the first innings and 3 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19981312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981312" title="Coachwhip trevally">
Coachwhip trevally

The coachwhip trevally, "Carangoides oblongus" (also known as the oblong trevally and oblique-banded trevally) is a species of inshore marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The coachwhip trevally is distributed through the Indo-west Pacific region, ranging from South Africa in the west to Fiji and Japan in the east. It is a moderately large fish, growing to a known maximum length of 46 cm and can be distinguished from similar species by an array of detailed morphological features including dentition, fin ray counts and scale patterns. The coachwhip trevally inhabits coastal waters throughout its range, known to prefer estuarine waters in a number of localities. Nothing is known of its diet or reproductive biology, and is of little importance to fisheries, occasionally taken as bycatch in trawl and hook and line fisheries.
Taxonomy and naming.
The coachwhip trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, itself part the order Perciformes, in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first scientifically described by the French naturalist Georges Cuvier in 1833 based on a specimen taken from the waters of New Guinea which was designated to be the holotype. Cuvier named this new species "Caranx oblongus", placing it in a related genus of jacks with the specific epithet meaning 'oblong' in reference to the species shape. Over time, it was reclassified first into the now invalid genus "Carangichthys" and finally into "Carangoides" where it has remained. The species was also independently redescribed and classified several times, first as "Caranx auriga" by Charles De Vis, "Citula gracilis" by William Ogilby and as "Caranx tanakai" by Yojiro Wakiya. These names all were applied after Cuvier's initial, correct naming making them junior synonyms under ICZN rules, rendering them invalid. The common names applied to the species are descriptive, with the name 'coachwhip trevally' in allusion to the elongated, whip-like dorsal fin lobe.
Description.
The coachwhip trevally is a moderately large fish, known to grow to a known maximum length of 46 cm. It is similar in shape to most other carangids, especially the shadow trevally, "Carangoides dinema", which it also resembles in having a 'shadowed' appearance under its second dorsal fin. It can be distinguished from "C. dinema" by fin ray and lateral line scale and scute counts. It has a compressed, oblong body with the dorsal profile more convex than the ventral profile, with the head profile also slightly convex. The dorsal fin is divided into two distinct sections, the first containing 8 spines, while the second consists of 1 spine and 20 to 22 soft rays, with the lobe of this second fin being elongate and longer than the head length. The anal fin consists of 2 anteriorly detached spines followed by 1 spine attached to 18 or 19 soft rays, while the pelvic fin has 1 spine followed by 18 or 19 soft rays. The lateral line has a moderate anterior arch, with the chord of this arch slightly shorter than the straight section, another feature which separates "C. oblongus" from "C. dinema". The curved section of the lateral line has 60 to 69 scales while the straight section has 0 to 2 scales and 37 to 42 scutes. The breast is scaleless, reaching ventrally to the pelvic fin origin, while laterally the naked breast is separated from the naked base of the pectoral fins by a band of scales. Both jaws contain bands of small teeth, with the bands becoming wider anteriorly. The upper jaw also hosts an irregular series of moderately large outer teeth, with the largest specimens showing this in the lower jaw as well. There are 26 to 30 gill rakers and 24 vertebrae.
The coachwhip trevally is a dusky olive green colour above, fading to a silvery white or yellow below with small blue to black blotches present on the dorsal line between the bases of the second
dorsal fin rays. The upper caudal and soft dorsal fins are dusky blue, while the anal fin is yellow having white lobe tips. The pelvic and pectoral fins are yellow. There is a diffuse dark opercular blotch, which may be absent altogether.
Distribution and habitat.
The coachwhip trevally is distributed throughout the tropical and subtropical regions of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans. In the Indian Ocean, the species ranges from South Africa and Madagascar in the west, northward to the Gulf of Aden, but no records exist of captures in the Red Sea or further north until India and Sri Lanka. In the eastern Indian Ocean, it is known from China, South East Asia, Indonesia and northern Australia. In the Pacific its range extends from Papua New Guinea north to Taiwan and Japan and east to New Caledonia and Fiji. 
The coachwhip trevally is known to inhabit coastal waters throughout its range. The few times it has been recorded in thorough species surveys it generally appears as juveniles in estuaries, with this found in surveys around Australia, Fiji and the Solomon Islands. Adults also inhabit estuaries, but adults possibly move into bays and over shallow reefs. 
Biology and fishery.
The coachwhip trevally has had extremely little information collected regarding its diet, ecological interactions, reproduction and growth. Based on other fish in the same genus, it is certainly a predatory fish, although its diet is wholly unknown. The species is of very little importance to fisheries, and certainly does not have catch statistics kept for it, usually counted among other species of trevally. It is usually taken as bycatch in trawling and hook and line fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="19981319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981319" title="Fabrice N'Sakala">
Fabrice N'Sakala

Fabrice N'Sakala (born 21 July 1990 in Le Blanc-Mesnil, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French football player who currently plays for Belgian club RSC Anderlecht. He plays as a box-to-box midfielder, but is also capable of playing as a full back. N'Sakala was at Troyes since 2004 and is a French youth international having represented his nation at under-17, under-18, and under-19 level. On the 21st of august in 2013 he completed his transfer to Belgian record-champion, RSC Anderlecht.
Football career.
N'Sakala began his football career at AS Bondy. He spent four years in the club's youth system before departing the Parisian suburbs and joining Troyes AC in Aube. After excelling in the club's academy and earning youth international caps, N'Sakala was called up to the senior team by manager Ludovic Batelli. He made his professional debut on 9 September 2008 in the team's Coupe de la Ligue match against Angers. N'Sakala appeared as a substitute in the match with Troyes recording a 2–1 victory. Three days later, he made his league debut in the team's 2–1 defeat to Clermont again appearing as a substitute. On 19 September 2008, N'Sakala made his first professional start playing 62 minutes in a 1–0 loss to Lens. He remained a fixture in the first-team for the remainder of the season often in a substitute's role. On 7 March 2009, N'Sakala signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal until June 2012.
For the 2009–10 season, Troyes were relegated to the Championnat National and, despite playing against mostly semi-professional competition, N'Sakala only featured in six league matches. The club immediately returned to the second division and N'Sakala featured in the team's opening league match of the season against Vannes. He played the entire match in a 1–0 defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="19981328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981328" title="Anton Mordasov">
Anton Mordasov

Anton Mordasov is a Russian pianist, born in Novosibirsk in 1972.
A student at the Novosibirsk Music College under renowned Professor, Academician, Honored Artist of Russia Mary Lebenzon, in 1990 he won the Rachmaninov Competition and shared the IX Tchaikovsky Competition's 3rd prize with Kevin Kenner and Johan Schmidt. He subsequently settled in the USA, where he won the 1996 Cincinnati Competition. Mordasov teaches at the preparatory department at Texas Christian University. Anton also maintains a private studio at Travis Academy of Fine Arts in Fort Worth. He also teaches at Music Institute of North Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19981335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981335" title="Hank Steinbacher">
Hank Steinbacher

Henry John Steinbacher (March 22, 1913 in Sacramento, California – April 3, 1977 in Sacramento, California), was a professional baseball player who played outfield for the Chicago White Sox from 1937 to 1939 seasons. Before debuting in the major leagues, his contract was purchased by Chicago from the St. Louis Browns. In 1938, his only first full season in the major leagues, his batting average ranked seventh best in the American League.

</doc>
<doc id="19981351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981351" title="Carl Heinrich 'Bipontinus' Schultz">
Carl Heinrich 'Bipontinus' Schultz

Carl Heinrich Schultz (June 30, 1805 - December 17, 1867) was a German physician and botanist, and a brother to Friedrich Wilhelm Schultz (1804–1876).
He is referred to as Carl Heinrich 'Bipontinus' Schultz, Carl Heinrich Schultz Bipontinus or just Bipontinus, this being a Latinized reference to his birthplace Zweibrücken (Two Bridges). This was necessary because there lived in his lifetime another German botanist of the same name, known as Carl Heinrich 'Schultzenstein' Schultz.
In 1840, Schultz along with 25 scholars from the Palatinate and neighboring areas, founded the scientific society POLLICHIA, which was named in honor of botanist Johan Adam Pollich (1740-1780). Schultz died in Deidesheim on December 17, 1867. 

</doc>
<doc id="19981375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981375" title="Jean Galatoire">
Jean Galatoire

Jean Galatoire was born in a small village near Pau, France. Galatoire immigrated to America in 1880 where he bought an inn and a restaurant in Birmingham, Alabama. In 1896 he moved to New Orleans and opened up a café.
In 1905 he bought out Victor's Restaurant on Bourbon Street and reestablished it as Galatoire's.

</doc>
<doc id="19981418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981418" title="ORCA/Modula-2">
ORCA/Modula-2

ORCA/Modula-2 is a Modula-2 compiler written in the Modula-2 programming language for the Apple IIGS computer.
It was developed by Peter Easdown during 1993-1994 and published by The Byte Works. Whilst originally developed separately, when it was finally published, it was fully integrated with the development platform/environment called the Apple Programmers Workshop or ORCA/M.
The compiler was originally developed using a version of TopSpeed Modula-2 on an Intel 80286 based PC. The output of the compiler at this point was 65816 assembler source for assembly by ORCA/M on the Apple IIGS. Once the compiler was stable enough, the IBM PC was decommissioned, and all development was done on the Apple IIGS.
At publication, the compiler was shipped with comprehensive support for the Apple IIGS's operating system (GS/OS) and toolkit.
Unfortunately, due to the demise of the Apple IIGS, ORCA/Modula-2 never had much impact in the market.
The compiler development was continued however for a short while during 1995, after which it stalled.

</doc>
<doc id="19981425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981425" title="Suren Yeremian">
Suren Yeremian

Suren Tigrani Yeremian (; ; – 17 December 1992) was an Armenian historian and cartographer who specialized in the studies concerning the formation of the Armenian nation and pre-medieval Armenia and the Caucasus. He devoted nearly 30 years of his scholarly efforts in reconstructing the "Ashkharatsuyts", a seventh-century atlas commonly attributed to Anania Shirakatsi.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Yeremyan was born into a family of laborers in Tiflis, Georgia in 1908 and attended a Russian school there. Yeremyan was an avid reader of history books and his interest in Armenian history grew especially when he chanced upon reading Nicholas Adontz's "Armenia in the Period of Justinian". He moved back to Armenia and in 1928, he was accepted to Yerevan State University.
He studied history and economics and graduated from there in 1931. From 1935 until 1941, Yeremyan worked at the Soviet Academy of Sciences' department of Oriental Studies in Leningrad. While there, Yeremyan also taught Armenian history at Leningrad State University's department of History and Philology and he defended his dissertation, titled "The Feudal Organization of Kartli during the Marzpanate Period."
In 1941, he moved back to Yerevan and continued his studies at the Institute of Material Culture and History, which was still under the auspices of the Soviet Academy of Sciences. He earned the title of professor in 1953, having defended his second dissertation (from Moscow State University) in his "The Social Structure of Ancient Armenia." He held the position of director of the department of history from 1953 to 1958 and in 1963 he was inducted as a member of the Armenian Academy of Sciences.
Academic research.
It was during this time that Yeremyan shifted his focus to composing historical atlases: one of his most notable contributions was on the study of a seventh-century "Ashkharatsuyts", where he spent a great deal of his energies in not only translating and researching the background behind the atlas but also on the supposed author of the work, Anania Shirakatsi. In 1963, his "Armenia According to the Ashkharatsuyts" was published, although Yeremyan would in subsequent years go on to revise some of the views, most notably coming to the conclusion that Anania Shirakatsi was its true author, that he had concluded in the work. He also contributed in writing several articles in the "USSR Historical Atlas". Yeremyan was also one of the key advocates who pushed for the publication of the "History of the Armenian People" (Yerevan, 1971–1984, 8 volumes), authoring numerous articles on the origins of the Armenian people, the kingdom of Urartu, and on the social, economic, cultural and political structure of the Kingdom of Armenia. He would also go on to write numerous articles in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia. 
Having struggled with a serious illness for many years, Yeremyan died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19981430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981430" title="Reliance Tipple">
Reliance Tipple

The Reliance Tipple is the site of two coal tipples associated with coal production at Reliance, Wyoming. The first tipple was built in 1910 and used until 1936. The wood structure was built on a sandstone foundation and served Reliance Mines No. 1 through No. 6. The perishable portions of the earlier tipple have disappeared, leaving only the sandstone foundations and some artifacts buried in the tailings pile.
The second tipple was built in 1936 when Reliance Mine No. 7 was opened. The new tipple was built more durably of concrete and steel. This tipple operated until 1955, when the Union Pacific Railroad, the chief consumer of the mine's coal, phased out steam locomotives.
The tipple operated as a sorting station for coal to be shipped from the Reliance Mine. Loaded coal cars filled with mined coal were moved to a rotary car dumper at the south end of the tipple. The coal was dumped into a hopper, then moved to a shaker screen that sorted the coal by size. After sorting to slack, or powdered, nut, egg and lump, the coal went to a sorting table where debris was removed by hand. The sorted and inspected coal then went to chutes and hoppers for storage. Much of this equipment remains at the site.
The Reliance mines were opened in 1906-1907 to meet increasing demand for coal. The Reliance mines were among many in the area that exploited four mining districts in Sweetwater County; Rock Springs, Superior, Point of Rocks and Black Butte. The Reliance Mines were part of the Rock Springs district. Rail spurs were built to central points in each district to collect and ship coal. Production increased to the end of World War I then declined, picking up only in the mid-1930s. The second tipple was built at Reliance in 1936, primarily for Mine no. 7 as well as 1 and 4. During World War II production peaked at 1.4 million tons per year. Activity declined after that, and the Reliance mines closed for good in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19981454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981454" title="Council of Bari">
Council of Bari

During the brief period of rapproachement between the Eastern Roman Empire and the Pope, in the course of the First Crusade the Council of Bari was called by Urban II in 1098 in a stated attempt to deal with the Great Schism between the Western Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Church and to resolve the filioque dogmatic dispute that was one of the main contributors to the schism. The council was presided by the Pope and was attended by more than one hundred and eighty Catholic bishops, including a noticeable theologian Anselm of Canterbury, the founder of scholasticism who delivered the main speech defending the Latin doctrine of the Procession of the Holy Spirit. The council also dealt with local church issues and supported Anselm in his dispute with the king William II of England.
On the other hand, no high profile Orthodox theologians of the time, opposing the amendment of Niceno-Constantinopolitan Creed by the Pope, such as contemporary Theophylact of Ohrid had participated in the council, even though the sources suggest the presence of a few Greek bishops and monks from the Southern Italy. It is also not clear how much discussions actually took place, if any, and most likely the real goal of the event was simply to provide additional legitimation to the position of the Pope in the dispute with the Eastern Churches.
Results.
The Catholic-dominated council backed up the Anselm's positions, supported the "filoque" clause and anathemed those who were opposed to it. By doing so it contributed little to healing the Schism and failed to reach the purposed objective of resolving the dogmatic dispute just as would Lyon and Florence councils a few hundred years later. The rift between the Churches is not mended to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19981501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981501" title="USS Wanderer (SP-132)">
USS Wanderer (SP-132)

The third USS "Wanderer" (SP-132), was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
"Wanderer" was built in 1897 as the "gentleman's private steam yacht" "Kethailes" at Leith, Scotland, by Ramage and Ferguson for William Johnston, a wealthy shipowner. "Kethailes" was sold to Mr. H. A. C. Taylor of New York City in 1903 and renamed "Wanderer".
On 28 July 1917, "Wanderer" departed New York for a brief shakedown before she joined the rest of her division at St. John's, Newfoundland, where she arrived on 9 August 1917. "Wanderer" and six other yachts cleared St. John's on 12 August 1917 bound for Ponta Delgada in the Azores, where they made a four-day stop between 19 August 1917 and 24 August 1917. Late in the evening of 29 August 1917, the yachts anchored off the breakwater at their destination, Brest, France. The following morning, she and her division mates entered the port itself and tied up to mooring buoys.
"Wanderer" was assigned to antisubmarine patrol and coastal convoy escort duties along the north Bay of Biscay coast. Her duty there was enlivened by the weather, which was known for its severity. "Wanderer" -- designed as a pleasure craft, not as sturdy as a warship —- had less to fear from German submarines than from naval mines, weather, and the rocky, foggy shore. She operated initially on the Brest-to-Quiberon Bay leg of the coastal convoy route. 
To add to the danger, the Americans initially adopted the French-British system of running their coastal and channel convoys at night.
The darkness, however, did not hide "Wanderer"s convoy on the night of 28–29 November 1917, when a submarine successfully sank one of the ships in the convoy and made good her escape. The darkness that was supposed to conceal the convoy actually covered the U-boat's retirement and foiled attempts to hunt the submerged enemy.
Nevertheless, the French and British insisted on night rather than daylight convoys. It was not until the evening of 7 January 1918, when another "Wanderer"-escorted convoy lost four ships to a U-boat, that the French and British acquiesced to American demands for daylight convoys supported by patrolling aircraft.
The theory behind sending convoys through dangerous waters during daylight was that it as better to find and attack the enemy than try to conceal shipping from him. The very next week, "Wanderer"s first daylight convoy -— also one of the first so conducted —- helped to prove the validity of the concept of daylight convoys escorted by ships and aircraft, making the voyage unmolested. On 12 January 1918, while escorting that convoy from Brest to Quiberon Bay in daylight, "Wanderer" rescued 10 survivors from the French ship SS "Chateau Faite", which had attempted a night transit. "Penmarch Pete", as the Allies nicknamed the U-boat usually stationed off Point Penmarc'h -— had exacted his toll.
On 8 February 1918, "Wanderer"s portion of the coastal convoy route was extended. From then on, instead of simply making the single-day passage from Brest to Quiberon Bay, she laid over for the night at Quiberon Bay and continued south with the convoy to the mouth of the Gironde River and thence into Bordeaux. On the night of 22–23 April 1918, during the layover at Quiberon Bay on the return trip from Bordeaux to Brest, she witnessed the explosion of the ammunition-laden SS "Florence H. Though". In reasonably close proximity to the ill-fated ship, "Wanderer" was prevented from approaching the floating conflagration by the large quantity of high explosives she carried to use against U-boats. Instead, she was forced to leave the rescue operations to the destroyers and smaller craft in the bay.
"Wanderer" continued her escort and patrol service on the French coast through the end of the war. It appears that she had no further noteworthy encounters with the enemy before the armistice of 11 November 1918.
"Wanderer" departed Brest on 5 December 1918, sailed via the Azores and Bermuda, and reached New London, Connecticut, on 30 December 1918. In April 1919, she moved to New York City and was decommissioned. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 24 April 1919, and she was sold on 22 July 1920 to Mr. J. S. Webster of Baltimore, Maryland.
"Wanderer" was one of two U.S. Navy warships named USS "Wanderer" in service simultaneously during World War I, the other being USS "Wanderer" (SP-2440).

</doc>
<doc id="19981527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981527" title="Bromance">
Bromance

A bromance is a close non-sexual relationship between two (or more) men, a form of affectional or homosocial intimacy.
Etymology.
"Bromance" is a portmanteau of the words "bro" or "brother" and "romance". Editor Dave Carnie coined the term in the skateboard magazine "Big Brother" in the 1990s to refer specifically to the sort of relationships that develop between skaters who spent a great deal of time together.
Characteristics.
The contemporary circumstances of bromance separate it from more general homosocial practices and historic romantic friendships. Aristotle's classical description of friendship is often taken to be the prototype of the bromance. He wrote around 330 BC, "It is those who desire the good of their friends for the friends' sake that are most truly friends, because each loves the other for what he is, and not for any incidental quality." Numerous examples exist of famous intense male friendships throughout most of Western history, and such relationships were likewise common. It has been posited that in the late 19th century, Freudianism and the emergence of visible homosexuality directed heterosexual men to avoid expressions of intense affection.
Research into friendship and masculinity has found that recent generations of men raised by feminist mothers in the 1970s are more emotionally open and more expressive. Straight men are less homophobic than in times past, and less concerned about being labelled as gay, so they are more comfortable exploring deeper friendships with other men. Research done in the United States suggests that the trend of rejecting "traditional views of masculinity" is most prevalent amongst men of Anglo-Saxon descent and lowest in those of African descent, with those of Hispanic descent falling in between. Furthermore, it was found that men who strongly endorse "traditional views of masculinity" are more prone to alexithymia (difficulty understanding or identifying with emotions).
Another factor believed to influence bromance is that men are marrying later, if at all. According to the 2010 US Census, the average age of a man's first marriage is 28, up from 23 in 1960. It was also found that men with more education are waiting until their 30s before getting married.
Friendships among men are often primarily based on shared activities. This can include playing video games, getting high, playing musical instruments, shopping, chatting by the fire, watching movies, fishing, camping, and other sporting activities, gambling, social drinking, smoking, pipes, and engaging in the use of psychedelic substances. Emotional sharing (which is common in women's friendships) is another such activity.
Portrayal of bromance.
Celebrity and fictional bromances.
A number of celebrities have engaged in bromances with fellow celebrities. Examples include Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, described as "perhaps "the" pioneering bromance in showbiz history," which led to a hit off-Broadway play called "Matt and Ben". Zachary Quinto and Chris Pine after the filming of the 2009 "Star Trek" film, have become a modern bromantic relationship, which has its own significance with regards to the characters they play on the film, i.e. Kirk and Spock, a legendary fictional bromantic relationship itself. The close friendship between George Clooney and Brad Pitt, is even described by some as "George's longest lasting affair" and Clooney's bromantic tendencies served as the basis for an episode of the animated series "American Dad!" entitled "Tears of a Clooney", in which lead character Stan Smith becomes bromantically involved with Clooney as part of an elaborate revenge plot. Brody Jenner, featured on MTV's reality show "The Hills" and the subject of bromance discussions for his relationships with castmates Justin Bobby and Spencer Pratt, debuted his own series on the network, called "Bromance", on December 29, 2008. The six-episode series features Jenner selecting from amongst competitors to become part of Jenner's "entourage".
Bromance on television has also become more commonplace, with some critics tracing its origins back to such shows as "The Odd Couple". In October 2008, "TV Guide" placed Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) and James Wilson (Robert Sean Leonard) on the cover, under the headline "Isn't It Bromantic?". 
The tight relationship (both on- and off-stage) between Bruce Springsteen and the late E Street Band saxophonist Clarence Clemons has often been described as one of the most fitting examples of bromance in Western modern music. This relationship is most notably depicted in Springsteen's song "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out", from "Born to Run" (in which Springsteen and Clemons appear respectively under their pseudonyms Bad Scooter and Big Man), as well as in Clemons' autobiography "Big Man: Real Life & Tall Tales".
The Japanese and Korean music industry actively encourages bromance among male celebrities (particularly members of boy bands) as part of the fan service to please the audience. 
In fiction, what had once been called buddy films have to a degree been re-branded as bromance films, although critics do still draw a distinction between the two, noting that a buddy film tends to be more explicitly violent and less open about its latent homosexual content. The intersection between buddy films and what would come to be called the bromance film was noted comedically at least as early as 1978, when "National Lampoon" ran a parody ad for the football-themed buddy film "Semi-Tough", renamed "Semi-Sweet" and featuring an illustration of stars Burt Reynolds and Kris Kristofferson holding hands. 
"The Daily Show" correspondents John Oliver and Wyatt Cenac perform together on the show. When they covered Chelsea Clinton's wedding in Rhinebeck, New York they wore matching outfits and Cenac joked, "We got here this morning -- it's a beautiful place. John and I were thinking we'd get married."
Though the original J. R. R. Tolkien novels predate what could formally be called a "bromance," the portrayal of the relationships between Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee, Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took or Gimli and Legolas in the novels and the films may be characterized as a bromance.
Historical and political bromances.
Politically, the relationship between Bill Clinton and Al Gore has been characterized as a precursor to the bromance. The relationship between George W. Bush and former press secretary Scott McClellan as told in McClellan's book "What Happened" was called by one reviewer "the tale of one long, failed bromance". The premiers of Ontario and Quebec, Dalton McGuinty and Jean Charest, have been engaged in what has been described as a "burgeoning bromance".
Gay-straight bromances.
While the term has generally been applied to straight relationships, mixed gay-straight relationships with no form of sexual intimacy have also been dubbed bromances. Examples of well-known gay-straight bromances (sometimes dubbed "homomances" or "hobromances") include Ronnie Kroell and Ben DiChiara from the Bravo reality series "Make Me a Supermodel", in which the pair was nicknamed "Bronnie", the relationship on ' between Charlie Herschel and Marcus Lehman, and "American Idols Kris Allen and Adam Lambert, which was given the name "Kradam".

</doc>
<doc id="19981535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981535" title="Steven Joseph-Monrose">
Steven Joseph-Monrose

Steeven Joseph-Monrose (born 20 July 1990 in Bondy) is a French footballer of Haitian descent who plays for the Belgian club Genk.
Club career.
Joseph-Monrose began his career playing for his local club in Bondy, AS Bondy, before moving to CRAF Liévin. He arrived at RC Lens in 2002. On July 20, 2008, he signed his first professional contract with the Pas-de-Calais-based side, which will keep him there until 2013. He was given the number 34 kit. He made his professional debut on October 13, 2008, in Lens' 1–0 win over En Avant Guingamp coming on as a substitute playing 20 minutes. On 11 January 2010, RC Lens loaned him to LB Châteauroux until 30 June 2010.
International career.
Joseph-Monrose played on the France U-19 squad. On 25 May 2009, he was selected to the under-20 squad to participate in the 2009 Mediterranean Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19981577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981577" title="Agárrese">
Agárrese

Agárrese (Eng.: "Hang On") is the title of a studio album released by duranguense ensemble Grupo Montéz de Durango. This album became their fifth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.
Chart performance.
Year-End Charts

</doc>
<doc id="19981598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981598" title="Kittisak Rawangpa">
Kittisak Rawangpa

Kittisak Rawangpa (, born January 3, 1975) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Bangkok Glass. He also plays for the Thailand national football team.
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thailand Premier League, Kittisak was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement. He was called up with 35 other players to the 2008 T&T Cup hosted by Vietnam.
Kittisak was a member of the victorious T&T Cup 2008 winning squad.
He appeared for Thailand in eleven qualifying matches for the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19981600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981600" title="Forrest Thompson">
Forrest Thompson

David Forrest Thompson (March 3, 1918 – February 26, 1979) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Washington Senators. Listed at , , Thompson batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Mooresville, North Carolina.
A hard thrower, Thompson was a bad luck pitcher either due to injury or to playing on such a hapless team as the Senators. In a two-season career, he posted a 7–13 record with a decent 3.90 ERA in 55 appearances, including eight starts, one complete game and four saves, giving up 82 runs (18 unearned) on 156 hits and 63 walks while striking out 48 in 147⅔ innings of work. He also helped himself with the bat, hitting a .325 average (13-for-40) with four RBI and a .450 slugging percentage. 
Thompson died in Charlotte, North Carolina, at the age of 60.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19981618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981618" title="Manitoba Public Schools Act">
Manitoba Public Schools Act

The Manitoba Public Schools Act is the legislation that governs public education in Manitoba, Canada.
Originally known as the Manitoba Schools Act, the legislation was passed by the government of Thomas Greenway in 1890 under highly controversial circumstances. The act abolished French as an official language in the province, and eliminated state funding for Catholic schools. This provoked a national controversy known as the Manitoba school crisis, and led to a rise in French-Canadian nationalism. 
This controversy was largely resolved after 1896, and French language rights were restored in the 1980s. The current administration of the act has no connection to its contentious origins.

</doc>
<doc id="19981663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981663" title="Kentucky Derby Challenge Stakes">
Kentucky Derby Challenge Stakes

The Kentucky Derby Challenge Stakes is an English Thoroughbred horse race run for the first time on March 18, 2009 at Kempton Park Racecourse in Sunbury-on-Thames, Surrey. Open to three-year-old European horses, it is raced clockwise at a distance of nine furlongs (1⅛ miles, app. 1800 metres) on Polytrack synthetic dirt.
The winner of the race is guaranteed one of the twenty starting spots in the 1¼ mile (10 furlongs) 2009 Kentucky Derby held on the first Saturday in May on the dirt track at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky. The race offers a purse of US$150,000 of which $90,000 comes from Churchill Downs and $60,000 from Kempton. In addition, if the race winner exercises their right to run in the Kentucky Derby, they will receive a further $100,000 bonus payment plus will be given an automatic spot in the ensuing two legs of the U.S. Triple Crown series, the Preakness and Belmont Stakes. 
No European-based horse has ever won the Kentucky Derby.
The 2010 race was suspended, [http://www.bloodhorse.com/horse-racing/articles/52904/kentucky-derby-challenge-stakes-off-for-2010]

</doc>
<doc id="19981669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981669" title="Jim Callis">
Jim Callis

Jim Callis (born October 15, 1967) is the executive editor of the Durham, N.C.,-based magazine Baseball America and its website BaseballAmerica.com. Jim's contributions include weekly updates to their website, as well as major contributions to their signature publications, The Baseball America Almanac, and The Baseball America Prospect Handbook
Education.
Jim grew up in Northern Virginia, mainly in Oakton. He attended the The University of Georgia, where he covered the baseball team for the school paper. He graduated in 1988 with a degree in Journalism.
Career.
Jim began working for Baseball America directly out of college in 1988. In 1997 he moved to Chicago to go work for STATS, Inc. In 2000, Jim was lured back to Baseball America. Jim remains in the Chicago area, where he works as Baseball America's executive editor.
Work with ESPN.
Jim moderates a weekly Baseball America themed online chat on the sports website espn.com. Jim's chats on ESPN are always concluded by his signature lightning round, where he answers a high number of questions in a rapid fire style. Jim will frequently follow up his answers given during the lightning round, in his weekly, Ask BA Column on the baseballamerica.com website.
In addition to providing baseball themed information during his chats, Jim often shares his views on popular culture topics, including Madden NFL video games, television shows such as 24, and actresses Jessica Alba, and Anne Hathaway.
In addition to his work with Baseball America and ESPN you can follow Jim on Twitter under the user name "JimCallisba". 
Television work.
Jim was a major contributor of ESPN's television coverage of the 2008 MLB Draft, along with Keith Law, Peter Gammons, Steve Phillips, Chris Singleton and Karl Ravech.

</doc>
<doc id="19981688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981688" title="LocoRoco 2">
LocoRoco 2

LocoRoco 2 is a platformer developed by Sony Computer Entertainment Japan and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the sequel to 2006's LocoRoco and was released for the PSP handheld game console. The game was released in Europe on November 21, 2008, in Japan on December 4, 2008, and in North America on February 10, 2009.
Plot.
Having successfully defeated the Moja Corps, the LocoRoco settle back in their peaceful life. However, Bon Mucho, the Moja Boss, is not willing to accept defeat, so he devises a terrible song that can suck the life force out of living things, as a new attack on the LocoRoco. Armed with this fearsome song, the Moja boarded their meteorite and set off once more on a mission to conquer the LocoRoco planet. Back there, the LocoRoco finds the new MuiMui house, but right after, the meteor comes crashing down onto a Nyokki, and the Mojas start attacking again (sucking the life force out of living things, and as usual, eating LocoRoco). The LocoRoco then set off on an ever more epic journey to restore the life force into living things and to defeat the Moja Corps.
New Features.
LocoRoco 2 has many new features added from its previous game, including the ability to swim underwater, squeeze through crevasses, and gain many new abilities. Noticeable new characters in the game are an evil, new, and scary character in the game is Bonmucho's mother, Majolinè, the BuiBui (who were MuiMui, but got kissed by Majolinè, turning them evil and have a red color to distinguish themselves from the MuiMui), Viole, a new purple LocoRoco and an old lady called Galanmar
Gameplay.
Like the original LocoRoco game, the player controls are the same, as they once again play as the planet. The L and R buttons are for moving left or right, and presing both of the buttons simultaneously causes the planet to bounce up, which will make the LocoRoco jump. If is pressed quickly, a crack of lightning separates the LocoRoco. If wanted to join the LocoRoco back into one, the player holds down, which causes an earthquake that combines the LocoRoco back together.
Locations.
The location 'backgrounds' will have been seen in the first LocoRoco, except for the BuiBui Fort, and the MuiMui Home. These include: The flower garden (Franzea), The big mountain (Perculoka), The ice mountain (Shamplin), The tropical island (Tropuca), The land of stars (Chapo-Wahr), The dark, spooky land (Dolangomeri), The sunny/rhythmic land, (CaloCaro), The jungle/ancient ruins (Jaojab), The large tree (Yamboona Tree), and the fungus-forest (Kelapton).

</doc>
<doc id="19981731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981731" title="Krissadee Prakobkong">
Krissadee Prakobkong

Krissadee Prakobkong (Thai กฤษฎี ประกอบของ), born January 16, 1984) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Premier League clubside Chiangrai United.
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thailand 1st Division, Krissadee was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement. He was called up with 35 other players to the 2008 T&T Cup hosted by Vietnam.
He made his debut against North Korea on October 28, 2008 in the T&T Cup 2008.
Krissadee was a member of the victorious T&T Cup 2008 winning squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19981736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981736" title="Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982">
Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982

The Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982, also known as AMTPA, preempts state laws that restrict banks from making any mortgage except conventional fixed rate amortizing mortgages. AMTPA was contained in title VIII of the Garn–St. Germain Depository Institutions Act passed in 1982.
Mortgages allowed by the act included:
The United States House of Representatives passed H.R.3915 "The Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act of 2007" in November, 2007. It remains before the United States Senate. The House bill would require lenders to write mortgages that take into account the borrowers' ability to pay at the fully indexed rate.

</doc>
<doc id="19981744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981744" title="Redemption Song (TV series)">
Redemption Song (TV series)

Redemption Song is an American reality television show, which aired on Fuse TV. The show, hosted by Chris Jericho was about 11 women who are competing for a recording contract. The series ran from October 29, 2008 to December 19, 2008 on Fuse TV. The first episode was posted online on the Fuse website and on various cable ON DEMAND services 1 week before the premiere. The winner was Mixi, whose real name is Alecia Demner.
Background.
The series was based on 11 women whose goals were to become musicians. Becoming a part of the show, they have another chance to become one with the opportunity of receiving a legitimate music recording contract. The women competed against each other for the right to advance in the competition and ultimately be the winner. Mauli B, who is a vocal coach, helped the contestants become better at singing. The 11 contestants for the reality show were Angelica, Elisa, Esther, Farah, Jazmin, Joie, Kededra, Kendra, Mixi, Nyia, and Toni. The last names of the contestants were later released to the public. The winner would receive a contract to work with Geffen Records, a record label owned by Universal Music Group. 
The host of the show was Chris Jericho who is also a professional wrestler best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment and the lead singer of rock band Fozzy. ZigZag Production partnered up with Fuse Network to create the production of the series. According to AfterEllen, Joie is a bisexual and Nyia is a lesbian.
Contestants.
In order of elimination.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Elimination chart.
From the Top 11 to the present week, the bottom three was announced with the winner of that week's challenge being given the power to save a contestant from the bottom three. Chris then reveals which of the two left standing are going home by stating that they have been "dropped from the label" and snapping the record in their sleeve in half. The exception to this was Top 10 week, in which the person going home (Nyia) wasn't in the bottom three. She chose to quit the show and snapped her own album in two, thus giving a bottom four for that week. In the Top 8 week, Kendra did the same thing and eliminated herself as well. As of the week of Top 6, the bottom three announcement is not in effect. The week of Top 3 was the finale, and Mixi was the one declared the winner. After the season finale episode, Mixi's new music video, "I Miss Those Days (Ghost)", were shown during rolling credits, and it became available one day before the airing of the finale on iTunes. The reunion episode of the cast members of the show, also hosted by Jericho, originally aired on December 19, 2008.
Top 11: Jazmin won the challenge and thus the only contestant safe. Kendra, Elisa and Toni were the bottom three. Since Jazmin won the challenge, she had the choice of choosing one of the bottom three to be safe from elimination. She chose Kendra, leaving Elisa and Toni up for elimination. The judges decided to send Toni home. Many of the women, including Elisa, expressed disapproval of this decision and thought Elisa was the one being eliminated.
Top 10: Angelica won the challenge, and the bottom three was Kendra (making her second consecutive appearance), Jazmin, and Esther. At elimination, Jazmin called Angelica out on various topics, such as what Angelica said earlier regarding some of the previous contestants. Despite this, Angelica saved Jazmin. As Chris was going to announce which of the bottom two would go home, Nyia, who had been upset throughout the competition from being away from her kids, dropped out. Chris revealed that Kendra would've been the one going home. During the challenge, former NSYNC member Chris Kirkpatrick served as a member of the judging panel.
Top 9: Angelica won her second consecutive challenge and chose to save Kededra, whom everyone agreed finally showed a sense of vulnerability. Unlike the past two eliminations, there was minimal drama at this elimination challenge, with Elisa graciously leaving the show. Joe Slaughter made a special appearance as a choreographer. Mickie James, Maryse, Eve Torres, and former WWE Diva Candice Michelle also made special appearances.
Top 8: Joie won the main challenge, making Angelica upset about not winning the challenge for the third consecutive time. Kendra (making her third appearance in four weeks), Kededra (making her second "consecutive" appearance), and Esther (making her second appearance) were the bottom three. Jericho announced that there would be two eliminations. Before Joie would choose who to save from elimination, Kendra claimed that the judges from throughout the competition hated her image and dropped herself from the contest, despite her and Mixi winning a challenge earlier in the competition. Jericho said that "it pissed him off". Joie decides to save Esther, thus eliminating Kededra. Mýa served as a replacement host for partial of the episode.
Top 6: The main challenge was to see which individual out of a group that's been assigned to two groups, each with three members, stood out the most. Mixi and Joie were the ones who did well the most, though it was Mixi who won the whole challenege, thus saving herself from elimination. However, Joie would be safe from elimination as well. As of this time, all remaining contestants are up for elimination without being saved by the winner. Out of the four up for elimination, Esther was eliminated.
Top 5: The girls were interviewed by the record company to see who are most likely to be the winner of the competition, in which Jazmin won. The main challenge was to perform in front of a group of people in style of rapping. Jazmin once again won the challenge, making her the first contestant to win both challenges in a single episode. Because she won the challenge, she was not up for the elimination. The four remaining contestants were up for elimination, and Jericho announced that it was Joie who was going home, leaving the rest of the girls in tears. Kardinal Offishall made a special appearance coaching the girls how to rap.
Top 4: The main challenge was to perform "Roxanne" by The Police, but the girls had to perform the song in different genres. Jazmin had to perform the song in salsa music, Angelica in reggae version, Farah in punk rock version, and Mixi in country music. In elimination, the girls would be safe from being eliminated if they were selected to be in first place, second, and third place overall of how well they did by the judges. Angelica came in first, Jazmin in second, and Mixi in third. Farah was the one dropped from the label.
Finale: The three girls had to perform an A cappella of Unwritten by Natasha Bedingfield, in front the former contestants of the show, and the twist was that one of the girls would be dropped. Afterwards, the girls were told that they needed to revisit their troubled past. They packed up and headed out to their homes. During their visits, they all received an envelope, which contained their vinyl records. Jazmin's record was broken into pieces when she opened it, meaning she's been dropped from the label. The final two, Angelica and Mixi, performed in front of Geffen Records staff on stage. Afterwards, the manager of the record label announced that Mixi was the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19981757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981757" title="Knights Plaza">
Knights Plaza

Knights Plaza at University of Central Florida, commonly referred to as Knights Plaza, is an athletic village and shopping center on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida, USA. The plaza consists of housing for more than 2,000 students in four Towers, of commercial space, the 10,000 seat CFE Arena, and the 2,300 seat Venue at UCF Arena. The design of the plaza and its mixed use appeals to students, faculty and surrounding residents, making it a popular community destination.
Facilities.
Athletics.
Knights Plaza contains many venues to accommodate events of all sizes and forms:
Student housing.
The Towers at Knights Plaza (Tower I, II, III, and IV) houses 2,000 students, 500 in each tower. Residents of the Towers Community sign annual contracts to rent their apartments for a full academic year (fall, spring, and summer), whereas residents of all other standard housing communities on the main campus sign academic contracts to rent their rooms only for one or two semesters at a time. The Towers house the majority of the upper-classmen who live on campus.
Residents of the Towers are provided a secure mail room, and entrance to the buildings and apartments are controlled via the students university identification badge. Apartments in the Towers are offered in various plans ranging from 1 bedroom/1 bathroom to 4 bedroom/4 bathroom, with the majority being 4 bedroom/2 bathroom. Tower III is a learning community for students enrolled in the Burnett Honors College. and most UCF athletes are housed in Tower IV.
Commercial.
Knights Plaza contains of retail and restaurant space. The retail stores are located on the streets on both sides of the arena, which lead back to the other stadiums. Additionally, the lobby of the CFE Arena contains a food court as well as interior access to some of the other retail spaces.
Events.
Knights Plaza hosts hundreds of events throughout the year, ranging from football games that take over the entire UCF campus to block parties and bingo nights.
Athletics.
Knights Plaza is home to the UCF Knights athletic programs and was designed as an athletic village. The football team plays in Bright House Networks Stadium, the men's and women's basketball teams in the CFE Arena, and the volleyball team plays in the Venue. The plaza also contains Jay Bergman Field, a 2000 seat baseball stadium for the men's baseball team, and the 2,000 seat UCF Soccer and Track Stadium.
Knights Plaza and the adjacent Memory Mall are the prime tailgating location during home football games.
Special events.
The CFE Arena has hosted many performances, such as comedians: Dave Chappelle, Carlos Mencia, Bob Saget and Bill Cosby; concerts by Paul Simon, Elton John, Reba McEntire, Nine Inch Nails; and other events such as the Harlem Globetrotters, Sesame Street Live, monster truck shows, rodeos, the circus, and a speech by former President Bill Clinton.
Throughout the year, Knights Plaza plays movies on a two-story outdoor movie screen in the middle of the plaza for students as well as the surrounding community residents to enjoy. Many people set up a picnic, and Knights Plaza food vendors provide at seat food delivery. Prior to the start of the movie, contests, block parties, and other events take place throughout the plaza. Couches and seats are also provided by Knights Plaza.
A farmers market is occasionally held in the open plaza area of Knights Plaza. Over eighty different vendors, sell fresh produce, jewellery, artwork, and other locally made items to students and local area residents.
Light Up UCF.
During the holiday season (November-January), Knights Plaza constructs an outdoor ice rink in front of the arena and hosts events nightly to celebrate the holiday season. During "Light Up UCF", a high tech light show consisting of over 75,000 lights dances around the plaza to holiday music, and live concerts are performed by bands such as the Marching Knights and local artists. During the 2008 inaugural year, it attracted over 150,000 attendees. The 2009 season includes a 20% larger ice rink with the Arctic Guide Ice Slide, the McDonalds Ferris Wheel, Kris Kringle's Carousel, Santa's Village and many more lights to provide more entertainment for attendees.
Future.
Knights Plaza has had difficulties filling its remaining retail space due to the current economic circumstances. Many have blamed the lack of free parking, leading the university to suspend parking charges in one the plaza's parking garages on non-event days. Nature's Table Cafe and Mau's Hair and Nails went out of business shortly after opening, and several other retailers never opened their doors, resulting in many unoccupied storefronts throughout the plaza. In order to combat this problem and increase retailer confidence, events are held frequently in the plaza and its venues; due to this, however, the students forced to deal with the additional traffic in order to reach the only study facility on-campus, "All Knight Study", which is located in the plaza also. The remaining retail spaces are slowly filling in with additional retailers.
Knights Plaza was initially developed with plans to add additional retail space in two more phases over the coming years. However, due to the difficulties in leasing the original phase, the plans have been delayed and revised. Several of the athletic venues will be expanded and renovated to handle larger crowds, including the completed expansion of the UCF Soccer and Track Stadium to 2,000 seats in 2011, and the planned renovations in 2013 to Jay Bergman Field to add an additional 1,000 seats and new luxury suites. Other future, yet unplanned, expansions are scheduled to include the expansion of Bright House Networks Stadium to 65,000 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19981783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981783" title="Lê Quát">
Lê Quát

Lê Quát () was a 14th-century Vietnamese Confucian mandarin of the Trần Dynasty. He is best known for his proposal in 1370 to have Buddhism in Vietnam, the favoured religion of the Trần Dynasty, deemed as heretical. This was the first such attempt, and it failed, although Confucianism came to be the ruling doctrine under the subsequent Lê Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19981826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981826" title="Jana Bach">
Jana Bach

Jana Bach (born 10 April 1979, in Eisleben, Germany) is a German pornographic actress, model, and television host.
Adult career.
Jana Bach began modeling for the erotic magazine "Coupé" in 2004, and entered the adult film industry at the German Venus Festival. She has appeared in more than thirty adult films since 2005 (see below), primarily for the Berlin-based "Inflagranti-Film" label.
In 2006, Jana Bach took a job hosting the late-night call-in quiz show "Lanotte" on the commercial German channel "9Live". In 2008, she appeared with fellow adult star Vivian Schmitt in a video for German rap artist "Doa21". She participated in a topless women's football match between Austria and Germany as goalkeeper for the Germans. She was quoted, "I was supposed to hold the balls but I really have no idea how to do that".
Bach currently works for the German premium adult channel "Beate-Uhse.TV".

</doc>
<doc id="19981854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981854" title="Ecuadorian cuisine">
Ecuadorian cuisine

Ecuadorian cuisine is diverse, varying with altitude, and associated agricultural conditions. Pork, chicken, beef, and "cuy" (guinea pig) are popular in the mountainous regions, and are served with a variety of carbohydrate-rich foods, especially rice, corn, and potatoes. A popular street food in mountainous regions is "hornado", consisting of potatoes served with roasted pig. Some examples of Ecuadorian cuisine in general include "patacones" (unripe plantains fried in oil, mashed up, and then refried), "llapingachos" (a pan seared potato ball), and "seco de chivo" (a type of stew made from goat). A wide variety of fresh fruit is available, particularly at lower altitudes, including granadilla, passionfruit, "naranjilla", several types of bananas, uvilla, taxo, and tree tomato.
Regional differences.
There are several Ecuadorian dishes that are typical to the various regions in the country. For example, "costeños" (people from the coast) prefer fish, beans, and plantains (unripened banana like fruits), while "serranos" from the mountainous regions prefer meat, potatoes, rice, and white hominy (mote). Regional examples include ceviche from the coast, which is prepared in many different ways, but basically consist of seafood (fish, shrimp, etc.) marinated in lime juice, as well as cassava (yuca) bread, plantains served with crushed peanuts or salprieta, and encebollado, the most popular dish on the coast, that contains a marinade with large chunks of fish, onions, and various regional spices. In the province of Esmeraldas most of their typical dishes are cooked with coconut.
Seafood is very popular in the coast, where fish, prawns, shrimp and crab, clams, etc. are key parts of the diet. Plantain and peanut-based dishes are the basis of many coastal meals, which are usually served in two courses. The first course is "caldo" (soup), which may be "aguado" (a thin soup, usually with meat) or "caldo de leche", a cream vegetable soup. The second course might include rice, meat, or fish with a "menestra" (lentil stew), and salad or vegetables. "Patacones" (fried green plantains with cheese) are popular side dishes with coastal meals. Some of the typical dishes in the coastal region are "ceviche, pan de almidón, corviche, guatita, papas con quero, encebollado", and "empanadas"; in the mountain region: "hornado, fritada, humitas, tamales, llapingachos, lomo saltado", and "churrasco".
A food of the mountainous parts of Ecuador is cuy (guinea pig).
The food is somewhat different in the southern mountainous areas, featuring typical Loja food such as "repe", a soup prepared with green bananas; "cecina", roasted pork; and "miel con quesillo" or ""cuajada"", as dessert. In the rainforest, a dietary staple is the "yuca", elsewhere called cassava. The starchy root is peeled and boiled, fried, or used in a variety of other dishes. It's also used as a bread, and has spread throughout the nation, most notably, to Quito where a company sells the native "pan de yuca" in a new sense; different types sold with frozen yogurt. Many fruits are available in this region, including bananas, tree grapes, and peach palms.
Typical meal.
Ecuadorian cuisine traditionally consists of two dishes, a soup and a rice platter. For the most part, Ecuador is known not only for its bananas, and all the dishes made from them, but for its starch consumption of products like potato, bread, rice, and yuca. Traditionally any of these factors can be found in either the soup or the rice platter that may be served. Most regions in Ecuador follow the traditional three course meal of "sopa" (soup) and "segundo" (second dish), which includes rice and protein such as beef, poultry, pork, or fish. Then dessert and coffee are customary. Dinner is usually lighter and sometimes just coffee or "agua de remedio" (tisanes, lit. "remedy water") with bread.
Alcoholic beverages.
"Aguardiente" (a sugar cane-based spirit), is probably the most popular national alcohol. Canelazo is a popular drink made from aguardiente. Drinkable yogurt, available in many fruit flavors, is popular and is often consumed with "pan de yuca" (a light bread filled with cheese and eaten warm).
Catholic influence.
Besides the regions, there are several typical Ecuadorian dishes consumed on special occasions. During Finados (November 2), there is the "Colada Morada", which is prepared with black corn flour. During Easter, the fanesca is traditionally served all over Ecuador. Fanesca (a fish soup including several types of beans, lentils, and corn) is often eaten during Lent and Easter. During the week before the commemoration of the deceased or "día de los muertos", the fruit beverage "Colada Morada" is typical, accompanied by "Guaguas de Pan", which is stuffed bread shaped like children.
External links.
Ecuador topics 
South American topic cuisine
cuisine

</doc>
<doc id="19981882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981882" title="Ca 27-29">
Ca 27-29

CA 27-29 is a tumor marker for breast cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19981895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981895" title="Cashmore">
Cashmore

Cashmore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19981912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981912" title="Galo Ochoa">
Galo Ochoa

Galo Ochoa was born in 1967 in Los Angeles, California, is the guitarist of the bands Cuca and Nata.
Cuca.
In this band it is where its race begins, and, where more it is recognized, its characteristic sound is mainly hard rock. Cuca's most popular songs are "El Son del Dolor", "La Pucha Asesina", "La Balada", etc.
Nata.
After the separation of Cuca, his brother Aldo, and Christian was united with Carlos Aviléz (also bearish of this) Gómez, were united thus arising "Nata", where its main sound is mpas approached heavy metal.

</doc>
<doc id="19981924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981924" title="Pailacar">
Pailacar

Pailacar or Paylacar a leader of Purén, who led a force of 2000 warriors in the defeat of the Spanish army of Don Miguel Avendaño de Velasco in the Battle of Purén in September 1570.

</doc>
<doc id="19981935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981935" title="Lenape Trail">
Lenape Trail

The Lenape Trail is a trail connecting Newark, New Jersey with Roseland, New Jersey. It was established in 1982. It is the fifth longest trail in the state behind the Delaware and Raritan Canal Trail, the Appalachian Trail, the completed section of the Highlands Trail in the state and the Batona Trail. The Lenape trail traverses Newark and its suburbs, as well as the Watchung Mountains and Passaic Meadows. Because of the steepness of the Watchung Mountains and the flood-prone nature of the Passaic Meadows, the former basin of Glacial Lake Passaic, these areas have remained much less developed than the rest of the northeastern part of the state. This trail therefore offers hikers an opportunity to see cultural and historical sites of an urban trail, as well as large natural and undeveloped areas. The trail's proximity to New York City and the various ridges it traverses, including Forest Hill, Orange Mountain (part of First Watchung Mountain), and Second Watchung Mountain, offer many views of the skyline. The Lenape Trail forms a segment of the Liberty-Water Gap Trail and incorporates the West Essex Trail, the Lenape Trail's only rail-to-trail section. The Lenape Trail also connects with Morris County's Patriots Path trail system on its western terminus.
Route.
The Lenape Trail's eastern terminus is in Newark's Ironbound district and continues through Downtown Newark and the Frederick Law Olmsted-designed Branch Brook Park, the largest park in Newark. Branch Brook Park is home to the city's Cherry Blossom Festival with 3,500 cherry trees and the most diverse cherry blossom display in the country. Leaving Newark the trail continues west through Belleville, Nutley, Montclair, Bloomfield, Cedar Grove, Verona and Roseland and East Hanover traversing the Watchung Mountains before reaching its western terminus at the Passaic River. The trail changes from sidewalks to surfaced trails to dirt trails and aqueducts throughout its length. The trail also passes through Newark's Hayes Park, Military Park, Washington Park, Belleville's Belleville Park, Nutley's Booth Park, Yantacaw Park, Memorial Park, Kingsland Park, Bloomfield's Clarks Pond Nature Preserve, Brookdale Park (in Bloomfield and Montclair), Yantacaw Brook Municipal Park, Mountainside Park in Montclair, Mills Reservation, Verona's Verona Park, Eagle Rock Reservation, O'Connor Park in West Orange, Becker Park in Roseland, Lurker Park in East Hanover and Hatfield Swamp, which is part of the Passaic Meadows.
Western Section.
The trail continues through Branch Brook Park with yellow blazes. After traveling north through Branch Brook Park, the trail follows sidewalks and aqueducts through Belleville and Nutley before crossing over the Garden State Parkway on a pedestrian bridge. The trail travels through Bloomfield partially through parks and along Watchung Avenue before crossing Brookdale Park, passing Applegate Farm, crossing the Montclair-Boonton Line and entering the Mills Reservation. The trail combines after this with the West Essex Trail on the former Caldwell Branch of the Erie Railroad. The trail continues in Verona on the old Erie Railroad line and follows sidewalks once again before passing through Verona Park and then Eagle Rock Reservation. 
The trail passes the Eagle Rock lookout on the Orange Mountain ridge of the First Watchung Mountain, with views of the New York Skyline, and goes under I-280 and follows power lines over the Second Watchung Mountain. A side trail is planned to lead to South Mountain Reservation, between Orange Mountain and Second Watchung Mountain. The Lenape Trail continues through Becker Park (a former dairy farm). Here there is a blue side trail to the Walter Kidde Dinosaur Park. This park has thousands of dinosaur tracks, including the smallest ones ever found. The Lenape Trail continues west across the Morristown and Erie Railway tracks and passes under I-280. A side trail goes west to Lurker Park in East Hanover on the other side of the Passaic River. The Lenape Trail continues along Hatfield Swamp and the Essex County Environmental Center before ending at the Patriots' Path.

</doc>
<doc id="19981940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981940" title="The Little Ballerina">
The Little Ballerina

The Little Ballerina is a 1948 British drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="19981945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981945" title="Magda Portal">
Magda Portal

Magda Portal (May 27, 1900 – 1989) was a Peruvian poet, feminist, author, and political activist and leader. She was recognized in the vanguardia poetry literary movement in Peru and Latin America, and she was one of the founders of the APRA (American Popular Revolutionary Alliance) political party.
Early life.
Magda Portal was born on May 27, 1900 in Barranco, near Lima, Peru. As a young woman, she worked during the day, and attended classes at the University of San Marcos during the evening. These classes broadened her views on philosophical and political ideals. During this stage of her life as a young woman, she began her literary career by writing poetry and reporting for magazines. In 1923, Portal was recognized by the prestigious Juegos Florales poetry competition. However, Portal refused to accept the prize when she heard Augusto Leguia, the Peruvian president was to announce and award the prize to her. This was a definitive move in her career, and perhaps marked the beginning of Portal’s political career.
Political career.
Portal continued to write extensively after this poetry competition in 1923. On November 11, 1923, she gave birth to her daughter, Gloria. When Portal returned to Peru after a trip to Bolivia, she became actively involved in progressive politics and the active literary scene in Lima, Peru. In June 1927, her role in progressive politics made her one of the many people the regime of Augusto Leguía exiled for allegedly participating in communist organizations. After she was exiled, she traveled first to Cuba and then to Mexico. While in Mexico, she met Haya de la Torre, the Peruvian founder of the Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana (APRA) movement, who recruited her to the Aprista movement. She then became the cofounder, along with many others, of the Aprista party in 1931. At this time Portal began to focus more on politics than poetry and she became a committed anti-imperialist. Portal traveled all over Latin America promoting these anti-imperialist and Aprista ideals, proving herself as a political leader.
In 1930 Portal traveled to Chile, but was imprisoned and placed into solitary confinement. Later that year after President Leguía’s regime fell, Portal finally returned to Peru where she was appointed to the task of organizing women’s Aprista groups throughout Peru by the Aprista party’s national executive committee, which Portal was a member of. She continued in her work by assisting with the party magazine, Apra, and by publishing and editing various propaganda pamphlets. The government of Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro followed Leguía’s regime, whose goal was to eliminate the Aprista movement and his administration persistently persecuted them. This persecution forced Portal and many other Apra members to live clandestinely and continue with Apra work illegally.
In 1933, Sánchez Cerro was assassinated by an Aprista militant. With Sanchez Cerro out of power, Oscar Benavides stepped into power. The same year, Portal was named the National Secretary of Women’s Affair for the Aprista party. In this leadership position Portal traveled around Peru and eventually was imprisoned once again. When she finally received her freedom in 1936, Portal travelled to Bolivia, then to Argentina, and onwards to Chile. In 1945, Portal returned to Peru. Her opinions on the Aprista party’s ideals began to differ from the others, and felt betrayed by the party. In 1949, break came in 1950 she publicly broke from the Aprista party, after feeling that the part had strayed from its original and anti-imperialist goals. She continued her activist role, however, and continued to advocate strongly for women’s rights throughout the 1970s.
Literary accomplishments.
By the 1970s and 1980s, Portal’s literary accomplishments began receiving increased critical attention. Portal had begun her writing in the 1920s. She was a recognized leader in the vanguardia literary movement. She wrote and published poetry, books, and newspaper and magazine articles all over South America, many of which conveyed her progressive views on women’s rights. In 1980 Portal was elected the president of the Asociación Nacional de Escritores y Artistas and is still remembered as a literary leader in Latin America. Portal died in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19981951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19981951" title="New York City Interscholastic Mathematics League">
New York City Interscholastic Mathematics League

The New York City Interscholastic Math League (NYCIML) is a non-profit organization that organizes mathematics competitions to all participating member schools in from New York City and beyond. Its Executive Committee consists of college students who are NYCIML veterans.
The league has four different levels of contests for students of different ages, experience levels and mathematics backgrounds. Each team consists of five students. Students compete individually and against different teams at the same time

</doc>
<doc id="19982000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982000" title="Saizeriya">
Saizeriya

History.
The current president of the company, Yasuhiko Shōgaki, worked at a western restaurant in Ichikawa, Chiba called Saizeriya while he was attending Tokyo University of Science. The manager at the time recognized his skill, and when Shōgaki became a senior in school, he inherited the restaurant. Italian cuisine was becoming more popular at the time, so Shōgaki converted the restaurant to Italian food - but customers stopped coming. Shōgaki then cut the prices by 70%, and the restaurant did so well that lines started to appear, and he had to open another store.
In May 1973, Shōgaki established a kabushiki gaisha called in Ichikawa. The company then started doing expanding as a restaurant chain. The headquarters continued to be in Chiba prefecture. In 1987, the company changed its name to . In 1992, the company again changed its name to Saizeriya.
These days, the network of stores has grown considerably. As a low-price restaurant, the chain has grown to over 750 stores. There are a few forms that Saizeriya locations can take: they can be found in any number of buildings in Japan, as roadside stores, as piloti types, locations in commerce buildings and train stations, and so on. If a desirable location is found, without questioning, they will actively continue in the capital region. Because Saizeriya will open a store where a competitor has withdrawn, the form of Saizeriya stores, as well as their trademarked logo that is posted on billboards is often varied.
Starting on August 24, 2005, they started operating a fast food store called . As of 2008, they operate three stores: one in Jūjō, Tokyo, one in Kawaguchi, and one in Aoto, Katsushika, Tokyo.
In October 2006 it was announced that Saizeriya's stores had done the best in 8 years. As of August of that year, sales were up by 3%. Customer numbers were up by 2.1%, and the average amount spent per customer had increased by 0.8%. The company was able to cover the price of increasing its stores, as well as also improving the quality of the menu and achieve better results while also increasing its base customers and amount sold.
Features.
For only 26,000 yen, one can order everything on Saizeriya's low price menu. This was done on the July 18, 2008 broadcast of Rankin no Rakuen, a variety show. Stores offer a number of alcoholic drinks and more than 10 types of wines. Saizeriya is the number one importer of Italian wine into Japan.
The store is not limited to Italian food; gratin and Hamburg steaks were added to the menu, and a takeout menu was created. The interior design of the store is decorated with pictures suggesting Italy, and Italian-style paintings are affixed to the ceilings.
Saizeriya dishes have been rated by Italians on Japanese TV
Management company.
In August 2008, Saizeriya Co. Ltd. started a chain of fast food hamburger specialty shops called . There are currently six shops. In June 2003, a subsidiary was established in Shanghai, and as of August 2007, fifteen stores were in operation there.
Controversy.
The restaurant has been in the news in Japan for serving pizza with melamine-tainted dough from China in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19982002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982002" title="Demon Cat">
Demon Cat

Demon Cat (or D.C.) is the name given to the ghost of a cat which is purported to haunt the government buildings of Washington, D.C..
The story of the Demon Cat dates back to the days when cats were brought into the basement tunnels of the Capitol buildings to kill rats. Legend states that the Demon Cat is one who never left. Its home is supposedly the basement crypt of the Capitol which was originally intended as a burial chamber for President George Washington.
According to legend, the cat is seen before presidential elections and tragedies in Washington DC, allegedly being spotted by White House security guards the nights before the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Abraham Lincoln. The cat is described as fully black and the size of an average house cat; but witnesses report that the cat swells to "the size of a giant tiger", 10 feet by 10 feet, when alerted. The cat would then either explode or pounce at the witness, disappearing before it managed to catch its 'victim'.
In the 1890s the cat is said to have inexplicably vanished when some Capitol Hill guards fired at it, and another supposedly died of a heart attack after seeing it.
Explanation.
The last official sighting of the black cat was in the 1940s. The U.S. Capitol Historical Society has stated that at this time the Capitol Police force was notorious for hiring unqualified relatives and friends of Congressmen as favours, and that these men would frequently be drunk whilst on patrol.
The society's version of the story states that a security guard was once licked by a cat when he was lying down. Being drunk, the man thought he was still standing at the time and was frightened by the apparently giant cat, thus spawning the 'Demon Cat' legend. As for the rest of the sightings, Steve Livengood of the society said; "eventually the other guards found out that they could get a day off if they saw the demon cat".

</doc>
<doc id="19982029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982029" title="Barbara Ingram">
Barbara Ingram

Barbara Jane Ingram (November 25, 1947 – October 8, 1994) was an American R&B singer-songwriter, who was active throughout the early 1970s until the mid-late 1980s, enjoying modest success a backup singer for almost two decades.
Career.
In 1967, Ingram had formed a vocal trio with her cousins Carla Benson and Evette Benton, alternating with group names such as: "The Sweethearts of Sigma", "The Philadelphia Angels", "The Sweeties" or "The Sweethearts". Benton, Benson and Ingram can be heard in many Contemporary R&B/Disco albums.
In 1971, she debuted for background vocals alongside in-house background singer Linda Creed for R&B vocal group, The Stylistics eponymous album, including their successor album, "Rockin' Roll Baby" in 1973.
In the middle quarter of 1973, and onto early 1974, she appeared on Hawaiian based soul singer Dick Jensen on his debut album, "Dick Jensen", then appearing on sextet R&B–Soul vocal band Ecstasy, Passion & Pain's self-titled debut album. 
Through the decade of the 1970s, Ingram, with Benson and Benton, comprised the in-house backup group for Philadelphia International Records, Thom Bell, as well acts that came through to record in the closely related studio Sigma Sound.
Later life.
In 1976 Ingram sang lead vocals on the album "The Funk Is In Our Music" for the Ingram Kingdom, a family group that included her five brothers James Norman [Butch, William Robert [Timmy and John . Switching their name to 'Ingram' in 1977, Barbara continued to contribute background vocals to the group's next three albums released 1977-1984, "That's All!", "Would You Like To Fly" and "Night Stalkers". Ingram is pictured on their first album "Ingram Kingdom."
Throughout the years, from 1975 until 1985 she sung backup for The Salsoul Orchestra, Grace Jones, Cat Stevens, The Spinners, Eddie Kendricks, Major Harris, Cindy Williams, Phyllis Hyman, Double Exposure, Billy Paul, Loleatta Holloway, Evelyn King, Philippé Wynne, Dick Jensen, Claudja Barry, Elkie Brooks, John Davis, Lou Rawls, Brenda Mitchell, The Trammps, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Luther Vandross, Sister Sledge, among others for their albums. 
Ingram continued to sing live concert shows from 1980 until 1986, then from 1988 until 1992.
Personal life and Death.
Ingram was married to songwriter/producer Sherman Marshall, who wrote famous 1970s hits such as "Then Came You" by the Spinners and "Lady Love" by Lou Rawls. Ingram also had a daughter named Denene. On October 20, 1994, Barbara Ingram died at the age of 46, in Camden, New Jersey. The cause of Ingram's death is unknown; it has been speculated that her death was due to complications from lupus, but this is unconfirmed.
The funeral was held in her hometown of Camden.

</doc>
<doc id="19982053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982053" title="Edges (musical)">
Edges (musical)

Edges (sometimes produced as "Edges: A Song Cycle") is a work of musical theatre by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul. It is a song cycle about coming of age, growth and self-discovery of people mostly in their 20s. Its most famous song, "Be My Friend", has come to be commonly known as the "Facebook song".
History.
The musical was written by Pasek and Paul in 2005 when they were 19-year-old undergraduates in musical theatre at the University of Michigan. They decided to write their own show after being unhappy with the roles they were assigned in musical theatre productions at the school.
In 2006 the duo won a $20,000 Jonathan Larson Award, becoming the youngest to have ever won the award, which was established by the estate of "Rent" composer Jonathan Larson to encourage composers, lyricists, and bookwriters at the beginning of their careers.
Productions.
After over 30 productions at colleges across the United States, the first professional production was at the Capital Repertory Theatre in Albany, New York in 2007 starring Colin Hanlon, Whitney Bashor, Farah Alvin and Steven Booth. Justin Paul was musical director for the production. The show has now been done over 100 times across North America, Asia, Australia, Europe and Africa.
A 2008 Toronto production featured Sara Farb, Jordan Bell, Eric Craig and Gabi Epstein.
In 2010, Edges was brought out to Australia by James Anthony Productions in Sydney to the Parade Theatre in Kensington.
A Philippine production ran for three weeks in July 2010 at the Ateneo de Manila University. It was staged by Ateneo Blue Repertory under the direction of Mahar Mangahas.
A production was performed at the Landor Theatre, London, UK from May 31, 2011 to June 5, 2011, the inaugural production of Notion Theatre Company, directed by Katherine Hare and with musical direction by Leigh Thompson.
The South African premiere production took place in June 2011, directed by Paul Griffiths with musical direction by Garth Tavares. The cast featured Roland Perold, Luella Holland, Shannyn Fourie and David Fick. The production toured the South African National Arts Festival in Grahamstown in July.
Edges made its Singapore premiere from 3 - 19 April 2013 at the Drama Centre. It was staged by Derrick Chew, Artistic Director of Sightlines Productions with musical direction by Joel Nah. The cast included Benjamin Kheng, Mina Kaye, Kristy Griffin and Linden Furnell.
Edges made its premiere in Paris, France in June 2013 presented by American Musical Theatre Live. The production was directed by Stéphane Ly-Cuong with musical direction by John Florencio and vocal direction by Miranda Crispin.
Song List.
Additional Songs.
Samples of the songs can be found at the composers' official site.

</doc>
<doc id="19982058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982058" title="Timpview High School">
Timpview High School

Timpview High School, abbreviated "THS", is a public secondary school located in Provo, Utah. Timpview is a 4A school and is part of the Provo City School District. The current principal is Dr. Todd Mckee. Clay Bingham, Ford White, and Chris Chilcoat are the vice-principals.
History.
Timpview High School has had six principals: John L. Matthews (1977–1979), Dolan B. Condie (1979–1985), Kay W. Laursen (1985–1990), Randall S. Merrill (1990–2001), George Bayles (2001–2011), and Todd McKee (2011–Present).
Timpview High School is located in the Edgemont neighborhood of Provo, about two miles north of the Provo campus of Brigham Young University. Timpview is a Region 8, 4A School. It is one of the three high schools in the Provo School District. Timpview High School serves approximately 1,930 students in grades 9 through 12. Timpview’s ethnic make-up is 70% Caucasian, 19% Latino, 5% Asian, and 6% from other minority groups. The average ACT score at Timpview is 23.8.
Academics.
Test scores.
The following are the percentage of Timpview High School students that were "at or above proficient" on the Utah CRT in each subject area in 2011:
AP testing.
Timpview High School offers many opportunities for students to get ahead in academics. 
AP classes include:
AP Studio Art, AP Chemistry, AP Physics, AP Biology, AP Spanish Language, AP French Language, AP German Language, AP English Literature, AP English Language and Composition, AP Calculus AB, AP Calculus AB, AP Statistics, AP US History, AP US Government and Politics, AP World History, AP European History, AP Music, and AP Psychology.
Concurrent enrollment.
Timpview offers 21 concurrent enrollment courses through Utah Valley University: Leadership Principles, Multimedia Development, CP: College Writing, Foods 3 (Catering), Intro to Music, Sports Medicine, German 2, German 3, German, College Alg/Trig, AP Biology, Physiology Honors, Medical Principles, Auto 2, Voc. Auto, Woods 2, Advanced Furniture, Beginning Drafting, Auto CAD, Auto CAD Inventor, and Voc. Architecture 1.
ACT testing.
Timpview was selected to participate in a national ACT study because it is considered one of 63 higher performing high schools in the U.S. where students are progressing more rapidly toward college and career readiness.
Timpview High School students' ACT scores exceed national and state averages.
Other notable achievements.
In 2009, Timpview received "U.S. News and World Report"'s Silver Medal award for America's Best High Schools.
In 2008, eleven students made it to the National Merit Semifinals.
In 2012, Timpview won first in the Skills USA Competition in Mathematics.
Athletics.
Timpview's athletic program offers participation in ten competitive sports: baseball, basketball, football, golf, swimming, soccer, tennis, track, cross country, and volleyball. In the 2008-09 school year, Timpview won the “All Sports Award” for the 4A classification in Utah. , the Timpview boys tennis team has won seven consecutive 4A state tennis championships; its girls swimming team has won three consecutive 4A championships. In 2008-09, Timpview also won state championships in football, boys track, and boys cross country. Timpview won a record-breaking four state championships in one season fall, 2013. They were Golf, Girls Tennis, Volleyball, and Football.
Timpview's football team has won ten state championships since 1986 including four straight from 2006-2010 and consecutive wins in 2012 and 2013. In 2008, Timpview Football was ranked 21st in the nation, based on their three-peat in the 2008 State Championship.
In 2012 and 2013, Timpview's football team again won the 4A State Championship.
Demographics.
The students are predominantly white, with a small but growing number of Hispanics and other minorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19982059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982059" title="Brophebarbital">
Brophebarbital

Brophebarbital is a barbiturate derivative. It has sedative and hypnotic effects and is considered to have a moderate abuse potential.

</doc>
<doc id="19982128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982128" title="Htin Aung">
Htin Aung

Dr. Htin Aung ( ; also Maung Htin Aung; 18 May 1909 – 10 May 1978) was an important author and scholar of Burmese culture and history. Oxford and Cambridge educated Htin Aung wrote several books on Burmese history and culture in both Burmese and English. His English language works brought a much-needed Burmese perspective to the international study of Burmese history, hitherto written by British historians of the colonial era. His important works include "A History of Burma", "Folk Elements in Burmese Buddhism", and "Burmese Drama".
Htin Aung, as the rector of the University of Rangoon from 1946 to 1958, was the highest ranking academic in the Burmese education system, at the time.
Early life and education.
Htin Aung was born to a Burmese aristocratic family on 18 May 1909. His parents were U Hpein and Daw Mi Mi. He was a great-great-grandson of Maha Minhla Mindin Raza, a military officer in the Konbaung court, who fought in the First Anglo-Burmese War. He had six other siblings. He was the youngest of four brothers, including Tin Tut, Myint Thein and Kyaw Myint.
Htin Aung graduated from Yangon's elite St. Paul's English High School. He went on to receive a Bachelor of Laws from Cambridge University, a Bachelor in Civil Law from Oxford University, a Master of Laws from the University of London, and doctorates in Anthropology and Literature from Trinity College, Dublin.
Career.
Dr. Htin Aung was the Rector of Rangoon University (Yangon University) from 1946 to 1958 and Vice Chancellor in 1959. He was appointed Ambassador to Sri Lanka from 1959 to 1962. He later became a visiting professor at Columbia University and then at Wake Forest University.
List of works.
Htin Aung authored many important books on Myanmar, under the pen name of "Maung Htin Aung". His books are widely used in the study of the comparatively under-documented history and culture of Myanmar.

</doc>
<doc id="19982129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982129" title="Chrysiptera parasema">
Chrysiptera parasema

Chrysiptera parasema, known commonly as the goldtail demoiselle and yellow-tail blue damselfish, is a species of damselfish native to the western Pacific Ocean.
Description.
This fish reaches 8 centimeters in length. It is bright blue with a yellow tail. Often, it is a little aggressive, but is a valued beginner's fish.

</doc>
<doc id="19982138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982138" title="Jewish theosophy">
Jewish theosophy

Jewish theosophy (also termed Judaeology) is a mystical movement in Judaism. Its fundamental tenet involves the overcoming of existential motives of the ego. The Self becomes more aware of its relationship to God, and thus with the eternal Cosmos. It deals with the improvement of the individual spiritually, physically and emotionally, within the larger framework of society. This relates to the individual's present and future "Selfsoul", through the unconditional belief in God's wisdom and love. The aforementioned "love" refers not to a corporal or emotional entanglement, such as that between living beings, but to a state akin to such stirred from the contemplation of the infinite, similar to the Yiddish term "naches". The self and/or soul ("SelfSoul") seeks perfection but can never attain it, for the only Perfection is God and he alone exists outside the constraints and constructs of the Cosmos and spacetime. God is in itself within its own axiomatic system and thus can neither be proven nor disproven within our own system.
This movement was founded by Rabbi Shalom ben Rubin. It has been revealed by ben Rubin that the "World to Come" in the Messianic age will be filled with the resurrected. The re-unification of body and soul. For after death, time ceases and the righteous perceive no lapse in existence, while those without stock in the world-to-come will be trapped in the illusion of time (see Jewish eschatology). At the "end of days" time no longer exists, allowing for the merger of God's world with our own (see Julian Barbour "").
This is not to say that the present is not an important. To the movement, the "here-and-now" is as important, if not more so, than the future. It is of a fundamental concern that each and every individual must strive to "repair the world" (Tikkun olam), broken from the first bite of the Forbidden fruit presented by Eve to Adam. This is God's will and wish. The closer to repair, the closer mankind will get to the Messianic age.
One of the main principles is the belief that the only way to an improved Self is through study (see Mussar movement and Jewish ethics). The major works for this neo-gnostic philosophy are derived from the fundamental syllabus of Judaism. As such, "the" major source is the Torah and especially in its synthesis, the Talmud. The canon of Jewish theosophy is open, that is to say, the source material can constantly be added to or updated by the group or individual. Material can be derived from other Jewish sources, such as the writings of Jewish Kalam and the Zohar of Jewish mysticism (i.e. kabbalah), or even non-Jewish sources, such as the Sufism of Islam or the Yoga of Hinduism, and classic Hellenistic philosophy of the Platonists and Stoics. Some of these concepts are encapsulated in the works of E. P. Sanders and in the "New Perspective on Paul", through the early works of Philo and his Hellenistic Judaism.
Another tenet of Jewish theosophy is that although God knows all thoughts, decisions and actions of the individual, present and future, the individual "does" have free will to think and do. This fundamental allows for self-improvement, for the want and good of God and not necessarily for the good of the individual.
It has been postulated that the first major work of Jewish theosophy was Maimonides' "The Guide for the Perplexed". In this work Maimonides, in his words, tries "to promote the true understanding of the real spirit of the Law, to guide those religious persons who, adhering to the Torah, have studied philosophy and are embarrassed by the contradictions between the teachings of philosophy and the literal sense of the Torah," and his main purpose is to expound on Maaseh Bereishit and Maaseh Merkavah works of Jewish mysticism regarding the theology of creation from Genesis and the passage of the Chariot from Ezekiel, these being the two main mystical texts in the Tanakh.
More recent texts include "Jewish Theosophy" by Arthur Edward Waite and the many works of Jewish Renewal by Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi.

</doc>
<doc id="19982149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982149" title="Enallylpropymal">
Enallylpropymal

Enallylpropymal (Narconumal) is a barbiturate derivative developed by Hoffman la Roche in the 1930s. It has sedative and hypnotic effects and is considered to have a moderate abuse potential.

</doc>
<doc id="19982167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982167" title="Liaison officer">
Liaison officer

A liaison officer or LNO is a person that liaises between two organizations to communicate and coordinate their activities. Generally, they are used to achieve the best utilization of resources or employment of services of one organization by another. In the military, liaison officers may coordinate activities to protect units from collateral damage. They also work to achieve mutual understanding or unity of effort among disparate groups. For incident or disaster management, liaison officers serve as the primary contact for agencies responding to the situation. Liaison officers often provide technical or subject matter expertise of their parent organization. Usually an organization embeds liaison officers in other organizations to provide face-to-face coordination.

</doc>
<doc id="19982174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982174" title="Arthur Dunn Airpark">
Arthur Dunn Airpark

Arthur Dunn Airpark is a public-use airport located northwest of the central business district of the city of Titusville in Brevard County, Florida, United States. The airport is publicly owned and is administered under the cognizance of the Titusville-Cocoa Airport Authority. The airport has one paved runway that is 2,961 feet in length and a turf runway that is 1,805 feet in length. 
In addition to general aviation activity, a skydiving operator is also located on the field.
History.
Historical research indicates that the Arthur Dunn Airpark came into existence as a county airport in late 1927. Leases between Brevard County and three local families indicate that these families leased a total of approximately 45 acres to the County to be used as an aircraft landing field in conjunction with the 40-acre emergency landing field already in use. These leases remained in effect until 1947, at which time these properties were sold in fee to Brevard County. The County operated the airpark primarily as a base for its mosquito control organizations until March 1966.
During the initial term of the 45 acre lease, Arthur Dunn, a prominent Brevard County Commissioner, supported the acquisition of an additional 40-acre tract located north of the 40 acre airmail emergency landing field. These two parcels, along with the 45 acre parcels purchased from the three local families, became Arthur Dunn Airpark as it exists today.
In December 1939, the Arthur Dunn Airpark was leased to the U.S. Government for use as an auxiliary outlying field (OLF) for U.S. Navy pilots operating out of Naval Air Station Sanford and OLF Titusville, now known as Space Coast Regional Airport. In 1945, the field returned to civilian use and control.
When the County originally acquired the airpark, the property consisted of a two-runway layout. Both of these runways were grass and were aligned in east-west and northeast-southwest orientations.
In December 1965, the Brevard County Flying Posse, Inc., a non-profit corporation whose membership consisted primarily of aircraft owners and pilots, entered into a ten year lease with the Brevard Board of County Commissioners to use a portion of the Airpark primarily for aircraft hangars and tie-downs. Prior to this lease, most of the Flying Posse members had constructed hangars on the leased premises. During the Flying Posse’s lease of the airpark, runway 15/33 was constructed. This runway was paved with a bituminous asphalt material, at a length of 3,000 feet and a width of 50 feet. At the same time, a parallel taxiway, connectors, the FBO ramp, and most other paved areas on the airpark were also constructed at a cost of $3,000. This is the same system that exists today.
During their leasehold (1965–1975), the Flying Posse reportedly was the prime factor in keeping Arthur Dunn Airpark operational. Shortly after the Flying Posse’s lease, the County transferred ownership of Arthur Dunn to the Titusville-Cocoa Airport District. This transfer occurred on March 10, 1966.
On December 15, 1967, a three-party operations agreement was executed between the Titusville-Cocoa Airport District, the Brevard County Flying Posse, Inc., and Dunn’s Flying Service. The essence of this agreement was for Dunn’s Flying Service to be able to operate the Radio Aeronautical Advisory Service under the FCC license of the Flying Posse to provide aeronautical advisory to local pilots (UNICOM service). The term of this operations agreement was set at eight years, so as to expire at the same time that the Flying Posse land lease expired in 1975. Prior to and during the term of the Flying Posse’s lease, all of the wooden hangars that exist today, including "The Posse Shack", were constructed by Flying Posse members. Those structures became the property of the airpark at the expiration of the Flying Posse lease.
The current FBO building was constructed in the early 1960s and was operated by Taylor Dunn, son of Arthur Dunn. In 1964, an additional 1,850 square yards of apron pavement was placed adjacent to the original apron to create the apron as it exists today. The current FBO operation is being conducted by Walkwitz Aviation, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19982181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982181" title="Ralph Anderson (architect)">
Ralph Anderson (architect)

Ralph D. Anderson (October 21, 1924 – October 24, 2010) was an architect, based in Seattle, Washington, USA. He was a founder of Ralph Anderson and Partners, later Anderson Koch Smith. Although much of his work is modernist, he is also strongly associated with preservationism. In that latter respect, he was an early and important contributor (including as an investor) in the restoration of Seattle's Pioneer Square neighborhood and also participated in restoration projects along First Avenue in the Pike Place Market Historical District in the 1970s.
Early career.
Anderson graduated from the University of Washington Architecture School in his native Seattle in 1951 and received his Washington State architectural license in 1954. He worked several years for architect Paul H. Kirk before opening his own practice. His early work, including his own first home at Hidden Lake, constituted what he later called his "modernist glass-box phase". Having discovered how difficult it was to heat such a house he moved on to what he called a "Northwest design style. "I tried to use a lot of wood, and I tried to work with the contours, textures and vegetation of the Northwest, the wooded environment. Quite often I would have big, hovering roofs that would open up to the view." The style was also characterized by "broad windows", "exposed framing", "an emphasis on verticality" and often "a formal T-shape plan." Many of these houses were set to take advantage of views of water or mountains. He styled himself "the poor man's Roland Terry."
After about a decade of building houses mainly in Seattle's eastside suburbs Mercer Island and Bellevue, Anderson opened an office at 108 S. Jackson in Pioneer Square, then known as Skid Road. It was a derelict neighborhood, and there was little concern for the mostly turn-of-the century buildings: people bought and sold land considering the old buildings relatively incidental. Along with Richard White, later of Foster/White Gallery, Anderson was among the first to see the possibilities of the neighborhood. He mortgaged his house to buy the Union Trust Building from Sam Israel and moved his office there. It may be the only building Israel ever sold. His renovation of the Union Trust Building and later of the Grand Central Hotel buildings contributed flagship buildings to what is once again a vibrant district.
Pike-Market neighborhood.
The breadth of Anderson's work can be seen in the Pike-Market neighborhood. Within the Pike Place Market Historical District he was involved in the joint remodel of the historic Smith Block, Butterworth Building, and Alaska Trade Building and the nearby Fairmount Hotel in 1977. Four years later, he was one of the architects of Marketplace North, the modernist "stepped wedge" immediately north of the Historical District north between Western and First Avenues, north of Virginia Street. Among the tenants of the remodeled Smith / Butterworth / Alaska Trade buildings is the Seattle chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
Rehabilitation.
Anderson has rehabilitated numerous old Seattle buildings besides those mentioned above, including the 1977 remodel of the American Can Company Building into the Seattle International Trade Center. Restoration projects elsewhere in the state around that same time included the Fort Worden Commander House in Port Townsend) and the Company Store in Port Gamble.
Colleagues.
Among the prominent Seattle architects who worked for Anderson at some point in their careers are George Suyama, David Fukui, Jim Olson, Jerry Stickney, Ron Murphy and Gordon Walker. T. William Booth and Robert Koch joined Anderson's partnership in 1980, and Glen Duarte in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19982203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982203" title="Low Level Bridge">
Low Level Bridge

Low Level Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19982209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982209" title="IOCOM">
IOCOM

IOCOM, formerly known as InSORS, is an American technology corporation that develops and markets video conferencing software, Visimeet. Founded in 1998 by Kevin Gleason and Michael Galich, and has an advisory board which includes Edward Zander, former Sprint Nextel executive John Garcia and Ian Foster Though based in Chicago, services are offered worldwide. Users in countries such as Azerbaijan, the United Kingdom, Brazil, and Singapore have benefitted from IOCOM’s collaboration and video conferencing services. 
The company's primary product, Visimeet, is multi-point conferencing software that gives users the ability to communicate via video, audio and data from laptop computers, large conference rooms, auditoriums, medical facilities, and command centers. Visimeet is a fully scalable program that can be used with off-the-shelf hardware. Users can make use of dedicated Telepresence room or use a laptop for mobility. The product can be used with virtually any Internet-enabled device and is described as being "IP-network centric" 
Customers from several industries make use of Visimeet's multi-point video conferencing capabilities and robust collaboration tools. Industries such as education, energy, government, telehealth, and enterprise have found virtual meetings to make meeting and collaboration more efficient and affordable by saving the time and cost associated with travel. Some customers include: ACEnet, Chevron, Rolls-Royce, BP, United States Department of Defense University of Illinois and University of Cambridge. Recently, the National Health Service (NHS) of the United Kingdom applied the IOCOM Grid to link 11 hospitals across the West London Cancer Network, which the NHS said had helped collaboration and meeting attendance and even improved clinical decisions. Visimeet has been used heavily in stroke care and Oncology; Visimeet prevents specialists from traveling and allows for more instant consultations. 
Its current largest customer collaboration network contains more than 600 global connections, including stations on almost every continent and in international waters.
Features.
IOCOM recently introduced Visimeet G4 in late 2011. Visimeet is a software application that can be downloaded on the Visimeet website but requires that an account be created prior to use. Video and audio quality are heavily influenced by the device used, IOCOM does not require specific devices but does recommend using an audio device with echo canceling technology. Built-in devices can be used but may not produce the desired quality. Visimeet can be used on a Mac and PC. Visimeet G4 does not require admin rights to be installed. 
Visimeet is a subscription based service; there are four subscription levels (Free, Personal, Personal+, and Room) that determine the capabilities available to the user. Users create an account based on their email address; initially the account is under a trial period and free for 30 days and does not require a credit card. The trial gives the user access to all features and meeting tools. After 30 days the account is moved to the Free level. The Free level is available for unlimited use but has restrictions on the tools and features.
Visimeet is presence based software; this requires users to request that other users accept an invitation to be a contact on their Visimeet presence list. The Visimeet application provides a Contact List to users; users can see if their contacts are online and available to connect. Users who have not been added to a contact list cannot invite that user to a meeting or send them an instant message. They can participate in the same meeting if invited by another user with presence with both users or if they know the meeting code. 
Meetings are assigned a unique meeting code to protect it from unwanted participants. Each new meeting receives a different code. Scheduled meetings that are set to repeat do not receive a new meeting code; the codes for meetings that repeat remain the same so participants can easily join. Participants can only join a meeting if they are invited or they are given the meeting code. If a participant is unable to join a meeting via Visimeet they can dial into the meeting from their phone and hear all audio. Visimeet’s interoperability enables those using an H.323/SIP system to join or be invited to a meeting.
Meeting tools include:
With a paid subscription, meetings do not have a participant or inbound video limit. The only limitations are screen space, CPU, and bandwidth. Video windows are independent and can be moved anywhere, resized, and closed without other participants knowing. Additionally, independent meeting controls allow you to adjust the volume of meeting participants without other participants knowing. If a participant is too loud you can turn their volume down or turn it up if you have difficulty hearing them. 
Uses.
Visimeet is used around the world by a number of industries. These industries include, but are not limited to:
Each organization uses Visimeet in a different way. Many organizations use video conferencing software, such as Visimeet, to keep offsite employees connected with one another. In many fields, Visimeet is used to decrease the dependence on travel and save the time, money, and frustration that comes with it. This includes travel to meet with clients, to collaborate, or to review information. Professors and researchers use Visimeet to collaborate with specialists or for distance learning. Oil rigs that are located off the coast use Visimeet to meet with those onshore and send and receive data. Video conferencing is booming among government agencies looking to trim their budget. Capitals use video conferencing to meet with individuals who do not live in or near the capital or to meet with other agencies. Visimeet has been used by clinics and hospitals for stroke care, end of life care, cancer treatment, and among EMTs. Hospitals find using video conferencing saves money by reducing the amount of travel specialists and doctors must do in order to collaborate or treat patients, and can save lives by providing timely access to expertise at the point of care in an emergency.

</doc>
<doc id="19982212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982212" title="Kimon Taliadoros">
Kimon Taliadoros

Kimon Taliadoros (born 28 March 1968) is a former Australian footballer, sports commentator and businessman.
Football career.
Taliadoros played over 11 seasons in the National Soccer League for South Melbourne, Marconi, Sydney Olympic, Collingwood Warriors and Parramatta Power. He also played nine times for the Australia national team.
Taliadoros was the first life member of the Australian Professional Footballers Association (formerly the "Australian Soccer Players’ Association"), being elected to the Association's executive at its formation in 1993, then serving as Chief Executive 1994–95 and President 1995–98.
Post-football career.
Taliadoros focused on developing a business career upon his retirement from football in 2002. He has worked for NineMSN, News.com.au, and recently Australian brokerage firm Centric Wealth.
In addition to his business activities, Taliadoros is an occasional commentator for SBS Sport and Fox Sports Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19982237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982237" title="Vraj Hindu Temple">
Vraj Hindu Temple

The Vraj Hindu Temple is located in Schuylkill County, in Eastern Pennsylvania, USA. It is a multi-million dollar temple or haveli covering of the land. The purpose of this temple is to spread Hindu religion in USA and allow younger generations to carry love, dedication, devotion and servitude towards their culture. Vraj is also known as Noontan Nadalaya, and abode for God ShriNathji (a manifestation of Krishna). Vraj has an average of 100,000 Hindu pilgrims per year. Vraj offers daily prayers (Darshans), annual events and volunteer opportunities for youth to serve their community.
History.
Vraj Hindu Temple was founded in 1988 by the religious group from Harvard University who were practicing Hinduism. Basically, Vraj, known previously as Institute of Indian Heritage, was founded to fulfill the religious, spiritual, social, and cultural needs of the Hindu Community of North America.
Purpose.
The purpose of this temple is basically to transform or pass on the Hinduism’s religious and cultural value to younger generation who are living in USA and are very less exposed to it. Founders of Vraj earnestly believed that in today’s world it has become essential for any temple to transform itself into an establishment of facilities that encourages society’s religious, spiritual, social and cultural needs. Over the years, Vraj has provided significant fill up in the gap between generations and two different worlds (India–America).
Darshans (Prayer Events).
DARSHAN is a sanctum that is organized six times a day (everyday) as different prayers for the people who strongly religious to experience deep joy and love. Each Darshan has a special mood, emotion, apparel, music melodies and food. Magala, Shringar, Rajbhog, Utthapan, Sandhya Arati and Shayan are types of different Darshans organized each day. Each darshan is part of God Shirnathji’s typical day spiritual activity and it is celebrated by humans like us.
Mangala–The mangala underline the auspiciousness of the beginning the day with a glimpse of the Lord.
Shirngar–God Shirnathji is dressed carefully from head to foot and a flower garland is placed around his neck.
Raajbhoog–The main meal of the day is offered to God with hundreds types of sweet.
Utthapan–God Shrinathji is waking up from afternoon siesta.
Sandhya Arati–It is an evening prayer (Sandhay Arati) with light garland.
Shayan–It is a celebration with god including music melodies and drumming heralds for the final prayer of the day as God is about to retire for the night.
Vraj Youth.
Vraj is small organization coordinated by young volunteers and students from all over the USA. Their purpose is to engage the young Hindu community with religious and cultural values. Vraj youth committee was designed to k enthusiastic, idea-brimming and organized self-starters. It was created to encourage service to our community and broadening knowledge of the Indian Heritage. Most of the Vraj youth are students from High School and Colleges from age of 16 to 28. The first Vraj Youth Executive Board was introduced in 2005, and from there, the stage has been set for the future of the Vraj Youth Committee. The Board has proven itself as a permanent and vital part of the Vraj family. You can see around Vraj Mandir and other parts of the country, playing an active role in the future progression and development of Vraj. The Board is dedicated to preserving and nurturing the intellectual, spiritual and cultural development of Hindu youth by encouraging service to our community and broadening knowledge of our Indian heritage.
Vraj youth are involved in all occasions offered from the temple such as prayers, food, festive celebrations or any other community services.
Vraj youth also organizes the biggest event of the year called Vraj Youth Camp which last for a week. In this camp, young students and volunteer would live in Camp and get involved in all religious and cultural activities. Guru is invited to give religious tips and lessons to the young community. Other fun activities are also organized to help young generation with their communication skill and to improve their religious practice.

</doc>
<doc id="19982299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982299" title="Jason Grill">
Jason Grill

Jason Grill (born August 10, 1979) is an attorney, owner of JGrill Media & Consulting, a media relations, pr, public affairs and political consulting firm, TV analyst, writer and contributor, commentator, radio host and former Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives.
Grill attended University of Missouri School of Law, Saint Louis University, and Loyola University Chicago.
Second-term state representative.
In Grill's second term in the Missouri House of Representatives, he sponsored and passed legislation that expanded access to autism diagnosis, treatment and therapy. The legislation was passed with the support of both parties. The bill allowed families to finally get the insurance coverage their children needed. Governor Nixon signed the autism bill into law.
JGrill Media, Consulting, Attorney at Law.
Grill is the owner of JGrill Media, LLC, where he focuses and consults on media relations and outreach, public relations and strategies, communications, marketing strategies, public/civic affairs and government relations. He also works as a local, state and national contributor, commentator and analyst. Grill writes for the Huffington Post, Politico, and the KC Business Magazine. He is a television political analyst for Fox 4 WDAF, and host of the Entrepreneur KC Show.

</doc>
<doc id="19982328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982328" title="Dascyllus melanurus">
Dascyllus melanurus

Dascyllus melanurus, known commonly as the four stripe damselfish, blacktail dascyllus, blacktail damselfish, and blacktail humbug, is a species of fish in the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the western Pacific Ocean. It is sometimes kept as an aquarium pet.
Description.
The fish reaches 8 centimeters in length. It is white with three black bars, and the pelvic fins and the end of the tail are black.
Biology.
It travels in schools. It feeds on fish eggs, crustacean larvae, algae, ostracods, amphipods, copepods, and tunicates.

</doc>
<doc id="19982340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982340" title="An Oak Tree">
An Oak Tree

An Oak Tree is a conceptual work of art created by Michael Craig-Martin in 1973. The piece, described as being an oak tree, is installed in two units - a pristine installation of a glass of water on a glass shelf on metal brackets 253 centimetres above the ground, and a text mounted on the wall. When first exhibited, the text was given as a handout. 
The text takes the form of a Q&A about the artwork, in which Craig-Martin describes changing "a glass of water into a full-grown oak tree without altering the accidents of the glass of water," and explains that "the actual oak tree is physically present but in the form of the glass of water." 
Craig-Martin considered "the work of art in such a way as to reveal its single basic and essential element, belief that is the confident faith of the artist in his capacity to speak and the willing faith of the viewer in accepting what he has to say".
The work makes the same claim as the Roman Catholic doctrine of Transubstantiation and the Real Presence.
The original is in the National Gallery of Australia and an artist's copy is on loan to the Tate gallery.
Artwork.
"An Oak Tree" is a work of art created by Michael Craig-Martin in 1973, and is now exhibited with the accompanying text, originally issued as a leaflet. The text is in red print on white; the object is a French Duralex glass, which contains water to a level stipulated by the artist and which is located on a glass shelf, whose ideal height is 253 centimetres with matte grey-painted brackets screwed to the wall. The text is behind glass and is fixed to the wall with four bolts. Craig-Martin has stressed that the components should maintain a pristine appearance and in the event of deterioration, the brackets should be resprayed and the glass and shelf even replaced.
The text contains a semiotic argument, in the form of questions and answers, which explain that it is not a glass of water, but "a full-grown oak tree," created "without altering the accidents of the glass of water." The text defines accidents as "The colour, feel, weight, size...". The text includes the statement "It's not a symbol. I have changed the physical substance of the glass of water into that of an oak tree. I didn't change its appearance. The actual oak tree is physically present, but in the form of a glass of water." and "It would no longer be accurate to call it a glass of water. One could call it anything one wished but that would not alter the fact that it is an oak tree."
The impossible is deliberately asserted and the text examines the impossibility of the assertion, which uses the idea of transubstantiation in the same way as the Catholic religious belief that bread and wine, while maintaining an unchanged appearance, are changed into Christ's body and blood. Craig-Martin has a Catholic background and was an altar boy. He sees belief of both artist and viewer as having a key place in art, and that in "An Oak Tree" he had "deconstructed the work of art in such a way as to reveal its single basic and essential element", namely this belief.
"An Oak Tree" was a turning point in his artistic development: prior to it his concern had been deconstruction, and afterwards he was "trying to put the pieces together again." Subsequently, using the rationale of Marcel Duchamp's "Fountain", he worked with drawings of utilitarian objects and flat areas of colour, with the goal of discarding meaning, which is "both persistent and unstable", although he states that people's need to create associations and meanings makes this goal unachievable.
History.
"An Oak Tree" was first shown in an exhibition of Craig-Martin's work at the Rowan Gallery, off Bond Street, London, in 1974. Many visitors assumed that Craig-Martin was playing the ultimate con trick, as there seemed no evidence of work on display in the white-walled gallery. However, high up on a wall was the glass of water and the glass shelf of the work "An Oak Tree". At this time the accompanying text was available as a leaflet.
The original was purchased by the National Gallery of Australia in Canberra in 1977; an artist's copy is on loan to the Tate gallery in London from a private collection.
Craig-Martin said, ""An Oak Tree" has had a great life as an artwork. It is nearly always on view somewhere, and has been shown all over the world—the text has been translated into at least 20 languages. The only place it has never been shown is in the US."
It was once barred by Australian officials from entering the country as "vegetation". Craig-Martin was forced to inform them that it was really a glass of water. He said, "It was of course a wonderfully funny incident, particularly because it extended into 'real life' the discussion about belief and doubt, and fact and fiction I was addressing in the work."
Critical reaction.
"An Oak Tree" is a celebrated artwork, which the Irish Museum of Modern Art says is now recognized as a turning point in the development of conceptual art, although initially it was met with surprise, if not scorn. It has been described as "questioning the nature of reality."
The Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy states that "to fail to consider it a great work of art because it fails to give rise to a distinctively aesthetic kind of pleasure does not actually undermine the project at all. Conceptual art, as we now know, is about conveying meaning through a vehicular medium, and not to provide its audience with experiences of, say, beauty. Any attack on this fundamental feature of conceptual art targets not so much an individual piece but the artform as such."
In his Richard Dimbleby Lecture on 23 November 2000, Sir Nicholas Serota said, "We may not 'like' Craig-Martin's work, but it certainly reminds us that the appreciation of all art involves an act of faith comparable to the belief that, through transubstantiation, the bread and wine of Holy Communion become the body and blood of Christ."
Damien Hirst said, "That piece is, I think, the greatest piece of conceptual sculpture, I still can't get it out of my head." Richard Cork called its original display in 1974 "one of the most challenging moments" of contemporary art.
Anthony Caro said, "Some of the stuff that's called art is just damned stupid. I mean, 'That glass of water's an oak tree' kind of thing." Art critic David Lee and the founders of the Stuckism art movement, Billy Childish and Charles Thomson also oppose it.
In response to Nigel Gosling's praise of the work, Giles Auty said, "How would the self-same critic react if, on ordering oak planks for an outhouse, he were sent instead a bucketful of water? Would he gently muse on 'the subtle and obscure waters of identity'—or make immediate reflections on the mental wellbeing of his timber suppliers?" Brian Sewell asked why "the miracle" was "a work of art fit only for a gallery, and not some thaumaturgical object venerated in a church?"
Michael Daley wrote that the work was "not a hard-won, skilful depiction of a glass and a shelf" and that for twenty years "instead of ridiculing the self-deluding, pretentious offerings of Craig-Martin and his like, critics fawned and eulogised."
Derivative works.
Tim Crouch has written and performed an eponymous play to critical acclaim in New York and London. The Little Artists (John Cake and Darren Neave) feature a Lego version in "Art Craziest Nation".
"An Oak Tree" is quoted as an important influence in Ramsey Dukes' article "Four Glasses of Water" first published in "The Journal for the Academic Study of Magic" Issue 2, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19982348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982348" title="Minister responsible for the Status of Women (Manitoba)">
Minister responsible for the Status of Women (Manitoba)

Since 1982, the Executive Council of Manitoba has included a minister responsible for the Status of Women. The position is not a full cabinet portfolio, and has always been held by a minister with other cabinet responsibilities.
The current minister is Nancy Allan, who is also the provincial Minister of Labour and Immigration.

</doc>
<doc id="19982372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982372" title="Karl Ducks">
Karl Ducks

Karl Ducks (born 27 March 1944) in St Michael, Barbados, is a retired comedian.
He was known as a "bajan" comedian along with Joe Tudor and Basil Rowe in the 1960s and early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19982383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982383" title="Choila">
Choila

Choila or Chwelaa is a typical Newari dish that consists of spiced grilled meat. Though the dish is traditionally popular with water buffalo, nowadays chicken and duck meat are being used. Usually eaten with beaten rice, this dish is typically very spicy.
It is considered a necessary part of the diet among the Newari people along with several other ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="19982406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982406" title="Dascyllus reticulatus">
Dascyllus reticulatus

Dascyllus reticulatus, known commonly as the Reticulate dascyllus or Two Stripe Damselfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae. 
Reticulate dascyllus is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region. 
Appearance.
A small marine fish that reaches in length. It is grey with two vertical stripes, and a blue-green tail.
In the Aquarium.
"Dascyllus melanurus" is a hardy member of a saltwater aquarium. Because of this and its usually low price it may be recommended as a way for novice marine aquarium keepers to gain experience in the hobby. Thirty gallons is typically quoted as the minimum tank size required to permanently house this fish.
It is an aggressive fish, even when compared to many damselfish, and will often harass similarly sized fish. It is also territorial with members of its own species, and with new additions to a tank. This will often make it difficult to add other small fish to an aquarium. It is however reef safe and will not harm invertebrates. Despite its hardy nature care should be taken when placing one with larger predatory fish such as lion fish, and grouper which will may eat it. As an adult however its aggressive nature will often protect it from any fish that cannot fit it in its mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19982422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982422" title="Tom Morga">
Tom Morga

Thomas "Tom" Alvin Morga (born November 27, 1941) is an American stuntman, stunt coordinator, and actor.
Career.
Morga began stunt work in the mid-1970s. He later began working as a stunt double for Patrick Duffy in "Man from Atlantis". Since then, Morga has doubled for several actors in feature films and television. His work also includes stunt and non-stunt acting roles in numerous "Star Trek" films and television episodes.
"Friday the 13th: A New Beginning".
In 1985, Morga portrayed Jason Voorhees in ' during the flashbacks. He also stunt-doubled for Dick Wieand, whose character was the killer in the film. He was also originally planned to play Michael Myers in ', but the part eventually went to George P. Wilbur.
Awards.
Morga was co-winner of a 2007 Taurus World Stunt Award for "Best Fight" in '. He was also part of the stunt team nominated for a 2007 Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for "Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture" in '.

</doc>
<doc id="19982442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982442" title="William Marler">
William Marler

William "Bill" Marler, a nationally recognized personal injury lawyer and food safety advocate, is Managing Partner of Marler Clark, a Seattle, Washington based law firm that specializes in foodborne illness cases.
Background.
In 1993, Marler represented a plaintiff in a case against Jack in the Box regarding the outbreak, securing a $15.6 million settlement. He subsequently directed his practice toward foodborne illness, representing many more people affected by diseases such as E. coli, hepatitis A, and Salmonella, among others. He has been involved in litigation relating to most of the large foodborne illness outbreaks in the United States, representing individuals against large companies such as Chili's, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Dole, and ConAgra.
Marler is also involved with OutBreak, a nonprofit organization under the auspices of Marler Clark. In this capacity he travels extensively, discussing foodborne illness litigation and related issues with public health groups, fair associations, and food industry groups. In addition, Marler has written articles about the same topics and maintains a frequently updated blog read by many in the legal and food safety communities.
As a proponent of improved food regulation, Marler has been asked to speak to numerous groups to address the subject, including testimony to both the California State Senate Governmental Organization Committee and the U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Marler contributes to the Food Poison Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19982471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982471" title="Chrysiptera taupou">
Chrysiptera taupou

Chrysiptera taupou, known commonly as the southseas devil, southseas demoiselle, and Fiji damsel, is a species of damselfish. It is native to the western Pacific Ocean from the Coral Sea to Samoa.
Description.
This fish reaches about 8 centimeters in length.
Biology.
Habitat types include reefs and lagoons. The fish pairs up to breed and the male guards and tends the eggs.
Uses.
The fish has value as a specimen in public aquaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19982511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982511" title="Astragalus anxius">
Astragalus anxius

Astragalus anxius is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names troubled milkvetch and Ash Valley milkvetch. It is endemic to northern Lassen County, California, where it grows in the volcanic soil of the Modoc Plateau. It was formally described in 1992. There are only 6 known occurrences, some of which are threatened by livestock trampling.
Description.
"Astragalus anxius" is a perennial herb forming a matted patch of slender, delicate stems no longer than 20 centimeters. It is coated thinly in wavy hairs. The leaves are a few centimeters long and made up of several leaflets. The inflorescence contains 7 to 15 pealike flowers. Each flower is bicolored, the lower petals usually white and the upper banner petals purple to purple-veined white. The fruit is a hairy, oval-shaped legume pod up to half a centimeter long which dries to a papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="19982566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982566" title="Chrysiptera talboti">
Chrysiptera talboti

Chrysiptera talboti, known commonly as Talbot's damselfish and Talbot's demoiselle, is a species of damselfish. It is a marine fish from the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific. 
Description.
This fish reaches 6 cm in length. It has a yellow head, yellow ventral fins, and a large black spot at the back of its dorsal fin.

</doc>
<doc id="19982627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982627" title="Hilda Taba">
Hilda Taba

Hilda Taba (7 December 1902 – 6 July 1967) was an architect, a curriculum theorist, a curriculum reformer, and a teacher educator. Taba was born in the small village of Kooraste, Estonia. Her mother’s name was Liisa Leht, and her father was a schoolmaster whose name was Robert Taba. Hilda Taba began her education at the Kanepi Parish School. She then attended the Voru’s Girls’ Grammar School and earned her undergraduate degree in English and Philosophy at Tartu University. When Taba was given the opportunity to attend Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania, she earned her Master’s degree. Following the completion of her degree at Bryn Mawr College, she attended Teachers College at Columbia University. She applied for a job at Tartu University but was turned down because she was female, so she became curriculum director at the Dalton School in New York City.
Author.
Taba was a student of John Dewey; she wrote her first dissertation after studying with him and wrote a total of seven books. Her dissertation entitled "Dynamics of Education: A Methodology of Progressive Educational Thought" (1932) focused on educating for democracy. She discussed how children should learn how to relate to one another through democratic relationships. Two other key ideas in her dissertation included how learning should involve dynamic, interrelated, and interdependent processes and how educators are accountable for the delivery and the evaluation of the curriculum. She also believed educational curriculum should focus on teaching students to think rather than simply to regurgitate facts. After working with John Dewey, Benjamin Bloom, Ralph W. Tyler, Deborah Elkins, and Robert Havinghurst, she wrote a book entitled "Curriculum Development: Theory and Practice" (1962). Taba wrote:
One scarcely needs to emphasize the importance of critical thinking as a desirable ingredient in human beings in a democratic society. No matter what views people hold of the chief function of education, they at least agree that people need to learn to think. In a society in which changes come fast, individuals cannot depend on routinized behavior or tradition in making decisions, whether on practical everyday or professional matters, moral values, or political issues. In such a society, there is a natural concern that individuals be capable of intelligent and independent thought.
Taba explains a process for what educators should teach and how they can accomplish desired student outcomes. In order for teachers to teach effectively, they need to understand the three levels of knowledge. Taba lists them as facts, basic ideas and principles, and concepts. Too much factual information is often presented very quickly, so students do not make connections between the new information and the information stored in their brains. Hilda Taba explains how when facts are simply memorized and not connected to previously known information, students forget the memorized facts within approximately two years. Taba says basic ideas and principles should be selected based on what information children are able to learn at their ages and based on what information has scientific validity. The final level of knowledge, concepts, involves students using knowledge from all content areas to predict outcomes or effects.
Approach.
Because Taba died in her sixties while she was still an inspiring educator, her students continued her work. Many of her students, who were members of the Institute for Staff Development in Miami, used Taba’s ideas to create four thinking strategies known as the Taba approach. The four strategies are concept development, interpretation of data, application of generalizations, and interpretations of feelings, attitudes and values. Using all four strategies, the Taba approach’s goal is to facilitate students in thinking more efficiently. Based on Taba’s methods, “to think” means “helping them to formulate data into conceptual patterns, to verbalize relationships between discrete segments of data, to make inferences from data, to make generalizations on the basis of data and to test these generalizations, and to become sensitive to such corollary relationships as cause and effect and similarities and differences.” 
Taba’s strategies for encouraging students to think focus on the teacher as the mediator rather than the teacher as the lecturer. When utilizing the Taba approach, the teacher leads the discussion but encourages the students to share their opinions and to relate their own ideas to their peers’ ideas. The teacher must not judge the students by their answers and can neither agree nor disagree with their responses. Phrases such as “That’s not quite what I had in mind,” are not acceptable when using the Taba approach. Even positive phrases such as “Correct,” or “Now you’re thinking,” are too judgmental for teachers to say. Along with verbal feedback, the teacher should avoid giving nonverbal cues such as smiling during certain students’ responses and scratching his or her head during other students’ responses. The teacher’s role in the discussion is to encourage the students to expand on their classmates’ ideas or to ask students to clarify their own ideas.
Legacy.
Through Hilda Taba’s teachings and through her books, Taba greatly contributed to American education.

</doc>
<doc id="19982655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982655" title="Psilocybe mescaleroensis">
Psilocybe mescaleroensis

Psilocybe mescaleroensis is a psychedelic mushroom which has psilocybin and psilocin as main active compounds. This mushroom is closely related to "Psilocybe stuntzii". It was brought to scientific attention by Lee Walstad.
Distribution and habitat.
Grows scattered to gregariously on dead grasses, in grasslands and savanna near ponderosa pine woodlands, often near gopher holes. Found in the summer and fall in the Sierra Blanca range of New Mexico, near Mescalero, New Mexico. So far it has only been collected in or near the type locality.

</doc>
<doc id="19982656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982656" title="Bund der Asienkämpfer">
Bund der Asienkämpfer

The Bund der Asienkämpfer (BdAK), more rarely mentioned as Bund Deutscher Asienkämpfer (BDAK), meaning "League of Asian Warriors" or "League of German Asian Warriors", was a social welfare organization for German veterans who had been in the Asien-Korps, the units of the German Empire at the service of the Ottoman Empire in the Near East and the Balkans during World War I.
The BdAK was established in 1918, at the end of the war, by German ex-armymen. One of their main purposes was to investigate what had happened to entire missing German units of the Asien-Korps, including German nurses (German Red Cross Sisters), when the Palestine-Transjordan front collapsed at the end of September 1918. At that time many Germans fighting along Turkish troops in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign suddenly found themselves behind enemy lines, fighting for their lives.
This association issued a magazine, the "Orient Rundschau," during its heyday, which was during the 1920s, until well into the Nazi time. In the name of Gleichschaltung, the Bund der Asienkämpfer was affiliated to the NSDAP after the Nazi takeover of power in 1933. It was finally disbanded by the Nazi authorities in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19982661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982661" title="August von Hayek">
August von Hayek

August von Hayek (December 14, 1871 – June 11, 1928) was an Austrian physician and botanist born in Vienna. He was the son of naturalist Gustav von Hayek and the father of economist Friedrich von Hayek (1899–1992).
In 1895 he obtained his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, followed by his PhD in 1905. Beginning in 1922, he taught classes at the "Hochschule für Bodenkultur" in Vienna, and from 1926, he was an associate professor at the university. He died in 1928 in Vienna.
He is remembered for phytogeographical investigations that took place within the Austria-Hungarian Empire, in particular, Styria and the Balkans. He also conducted detailed studies on the historical development of flora found along the eastern and southeastern edge of the Alps. In the field of plant systematics, he specialized in "Centaurea" species native to Austria-Hungary. 

</doc>
<doc id="19982676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982676" title="Phetharbital">
Phetharbital

Phetharbital (Phenetharbital) is a barbiturate derivative. It has anticonvulsant effects and relatively weak sedative action, and is considered to have a low abuse potential.

</doc>
<doc id="19982694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982694" title="Clear channel">
Clear channel

Clear channel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19982699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982699" title="Maneater (film series)">
Maneater (film series)

Maneater Series is the name, logo and line look given to a series of made-for-television natural horror films on DVD produced by RHI Entertainment for the Syfy Channel, and distributed by Vivendi Entertainment. The Maneater Series logo and line look were created under the direction of Danny Tubbs Executive Director, Creative Services Vivendi Entertainment. Per the deal, made in October 2006, the first ten films would premiere on the US based channel in 2007, however the first six films in the series actually premiered in Canada on the video on demand channel Movie Central on Demand first due to a pre-licensing agreement. Most of the early films in the series were filmed in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Since it was original started, however, RHI has continued adding new films to the series, most of which continue to premiere first on Syfy before being released to DVD. In 2013, The website was shut down due to technical difficulties.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19982713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982713" title="Peruvemba">
Peruvemba

Peruvemba is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad district of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19982738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982738" title="Our Lady of Victory Basilica (Lackawanna, New York)">
Our Lady of Victory Basilica (Lackawanna, New York)

The Our Lady of Victory Basilica is a Catholic parish church and national shrine in Lackawanna, New York. Due to the multiple charities of founder Father Nelson Baker, the shrine is a popular pilgrimage and visitor destination in Lackawanna. It is part of the Diocese of Buffalo.
History.
Construction on the Basilica began in 1921 after Father Baker unveiled plans for a shrine paying homage to the Blessed Mother before a routine parish council meeting. Because of Baker's influence in the community and well-known charitable reputation across the nation, construction began almost immediately. Baker sent out calls of support for his project, and thousands from across the nation contributed funding both large and small, mostly through a direct-mail fundraising club. The basilica was constructed at a cost of $3.2 million, but the project was completed without going into debt.
By late 1925, construction on the sanctuary of Our Lady of Victory was complete and the first mass was held there on Christmas of that year. On May 25, 1926, a consecration ceremony took place presided over by Father Baker, Bishop William Turner of the Diocese of Buffalo, and Cardinal Patrick Hayes. Thousands of priests, nuns, and believers from across the nation attended the event. Two months later, Pope Pius XI designated the shrine the honorable title of "Minor Basilica" via an apostolic decree. Baker was in charge of the Basilica and the parish's various institutions of charity until his death on July 29, 1936.
Throughout the years, the Basilica saw only two changes to its original design. The first came in 1941 during a violent lightning storm that caused significant damage to the basilica's original twin towers. Baker's first successor Monsignor Joseph Maguire, took charge of the efforts to refurbish the structures, replacing the original marble towers with the lower, enclosed, copper dome-tipped towers that can be seen on the basilica today. The second change came during the harsh winter of 2001-2002. The roof of the National Shrine was significantly deteriorated, turning the original shiny copper to a greenish hue due to overexposure to the elements (a similar chemical effect as seen on the Statue of Liberty), hence a new copper roof had to be installed.
In 2001, a celebration of the National Shrine's Diamond Jubilee and basilica's 75 years in the making was held at the Our Lady of Victory Parish. On May 26, a special mass was followed by a dinner party, at which hundreds of dignitaries, clergy members, and friends came together to celebrate the Basilica and Father Baker's legacy.
Relics of Father Baker.
In July 1998, through the efforts of Bishop Henry J. Mansell, it was announced that the earthly remains of Father Baker would be moved from the nearby Holy Cross Cemetery to the Basilica. The move was ordered by the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in Rome, to signify a step towards declaring Baker a saint. On March 11, 1999, Father Baker's casket was carried by six men who were raised by Baker himself, and placed in a sarcophagus within the Grotto Shrine to Our Lady of Lourdes, found on the southern end of the Basilica's transept. It is estimated that nearly 6,000 people attended the event at the Basilica that day to honor Baker and his accomplishments. The move also helped raise awareness of Baker, his mission, and his legacy across the world.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The design of the exterior of the basilica was the work of French ecclesiastical architect, Emile Ulrich. To fulfill Father Baker's wish for the finest materials and workmanship, Ulrich halted all other projects from his architectural firm in Cleveland and spent his time personally inspecting artists' work both in the United States and Europe.
The majority of the exterior of the shrine is constructed almost entirely of pure white marble, originally from the Georgia Marble Company of Tate, Georgia. Throughout the Basilica's interior and parts of the exterior, a combination of more than 40 different types, colors, and designs of Italian marble can also be found.
The Great Dome.
A prominent feature of the Basilica's exterior is the large copper dome. The dome, measuring 165 feet in height, was second in size only to the U.S. Capitol building in Washington, D.C. at the time of its completion in 1926. Over the years, the dome's original copper has aged to a green patina. Four copper angel statues playing trumpets, measuring 18 feet tall, are mounted on the dome.
The Twin Towers.
The original twin towers of the Basilica, when completed in 1926, stood at a height of 165 feet (about 16 stories). The spires were made completely of marble and had an open design. In 1941, a violent lightning storm caused major damage to both the towers, forcing redesign and refurbishing. The new towers, enclosed and much shorter than the originals, are topped with copper domes, similar to the design of the Basilica's Great Dome.
The Main Entrance.
Two large colonnades extend outward and flank the exterior sides of the shrine at the main entrance. On top of each is a marble sculpture of a group of children overseen by a large angel. On the left colonnade (when facing the Basilica's front), the children are led by a nun. This figure represents the Sisters of St. Joseph, the order which has staffed the Our Lady of Victory Institutions since 1856. On the right colonnade, the children are led by a priest, Father Baker. This figure of Baker was ordered by Ulrich to honor the priest for his several contributions to the Our Lady of Victory Institutions. Also at the entrance to the Basilica is a domed niche that houses a 12-foot-tall, 16,000 pound (eight tons), statue of Our Lady of Victory, crafted of the finest carerra marble available.
Interior.
The Great Dome and Ceiling.
The largest work of art is the decoration of the Great Dome, in diameter, which depicts the Assumption of Mary and the Blessed Mother's Coronation. Around the dome's outer edge, the 12 apostles and three archangels are shown, while an angelic host carries Mary towards heaven. Slightly higher within the dome, Jesus in red robes can been seen awaiting her. At the pinnacle of the dome, above the basilica floor, depicts a white Dove of Peace looking down from Heaven at the basilica.
From the Great Dome to the choir loft, the ceiling is covered by five giant murals. They depict Mary as Queen of Patriarchs, Queen of the Apostles, Queen of the Angels, Queen of the Prophets, and Queen of the Martyrs. The two walls on the Basilica's sides feature huge paintings depicting the Slaughter of the Innocents, the Flight into Egypt, and the Birth of Jesus at Bethlehem.
The Main Altar.
The main altar features a tall, statue of Our Lady of Victory. This was blessed by Pope Pius XI after being sculpted in Italy. Baker placed a painting of the pope on the altar in return. 
Flanking the altar are four swirled marble columns of rare red marble, reminiscent of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. A legend is told about the marble that says a group of Buffalo-born soldiers stumbled upon the unique red marble while in Spain during World War I. Upon seeing it, the soldiers thought immediately of the basilica being built back home by Father Baker, and they went to talk to the Spanish farmer who owned the property the marble was on. After hearing the story of Father Baker, the farmer agreed to donate the "useless rock" on his property. Arrangements were made and the marble was soon sent to Lackawanna to complete the work on the basilica's altar.
The main altar stands under a bright blue dome depicting the Holy Spirit in brilliant hues. On the ceiling over the altar, an elongated panel represents "Queen of All Saints." Among the saints are Mary Magdalene, St. Anthony, St. Elizabeth, St. Anne, and St. Theresa.
Items of Papal Significance.
Near the altar, at one end of the pews, stands the canopeum, a symbolic shield which remains half open until the Pope visits the basilica and completely opens it. The tintinnabulum, a small gold bell mounted on a pole with a golden frame, stands at the other end, and is used to lead the procession when the Pope says mass within the basilica. These two items, along with the personal coat of arms of a pope, which hangs above the bronze main entrance doors, signify the shrine's Basilica status within the Catholic community.
The Stations of the Cross.
The shrine is flanked by the 14 marble Stations of the Cross, which depict Jesus' final hours before his death. Rather than being carved from separate blocks of marble and being assembled afterwards, each Station was sculpted from single blocks. The figures are depicted at life size. The Italian sculptor, Pepini, spent 14 years on the design and execution.
The station entitled "Jesus Meets His Afflicted Mother" holds a special place as Father Baker's favorite places in the Basilica. Baker, in his 80s by the time the Basilica was completed, could be often found leaning on the pillar closest to this Station, meditating and saying prayers.
The Organ.
When the original, custom-made Wurlitzer organ installed in the choir loft had deteriorated beyond repair, a specially-designed 54-rank pipe organ was installed in its place. Built by the Delaware Pipe Organ Co. and installed in 1981, the organ has three mahogany pipe towers, each in an eight-foot semicircle, representing the Holy Trinity. There are 51 pipes in the three towers with the balance of pipes located behind the towers. The pipework is of metal and wood and ranges in length from six inches to 18 feet.
The Grotto and Father Baker's Remains.
Baker's remains are in a sarcophagus within the Grotto Shrine to Our Lady of Lourdes, found on the southern end of the Basilica's transept. The Grotto is hewn out of black lava rock from Mount Vesuvius in Italy. Baker, who had died in 1936, had wanted to find a construction material that was "untouched by humans" to commemorate the vision of the Blessed Mother to St. Bernadette in Lourdes, France.
Other Places of Interest.
Other Sculptures and Artwork:
The interior is decorated with several religious paintings, sculptures, and mosaics depicting devotion to the Blessed Mother. It is estimated that from 1,500 to 2,500 angels can be found in the basilica in the sculptures and artwork. It was Baker's plan to place an angel in every possible sightline, to remind visitors that although the Basilica is dedicated to Our Lady of Victory, its main purpose is meant primarily for God's praise and glory.
The Pews and Aisle:
The Basilica's pews are made of rare African mahogany, and provide seating for more than 1,200 individuals. Similar to the design of sports arenas, the shrine's floor and aisle are gradually sloped, to ensure that visitors have an unobstructed view of the Basilica's main altar. 
The Altars:
In keeping with the style of architecture the artists had chosen for the Basilica, five unique altars line the rear wall behind the Main Altar. These altars are dedicated to: St. Patrick, St. Aloysius, Mary Immaculate, St. Anne, and St. Vincent de Paul, whose life work with the poor and needy served as inspiration for Father Baker's own life.
The Baptistery:
Located adjacent to the Main Altar, the Bapistery features a marble baptismal font as well as dozens of wall and ceiling paintings of with religious symbols and peoples.
The Father Baker Museum:
During late 2009, construction went underway to create a small museum about Father Baker's life and the history of the Our Lady of Victory Institutions. It is located in the Basilica's basement, where the chapel and Father Baker Rooms were formerly located. After going through the museum, the exit goes out and through the remodeled gift shop. A number of photos, official documents, vintage newspapers, and Baker's actual belongings are on display for visitors to see. Items such as Father Baker's desk, books, clothing, and furniture can be found throughout the museum. Also in the museum are cases of photos, information, and memorabilia from the Our Lady of Victory Institutions, such as the Infant Home, Orphanage, Protectory, and the Basilica itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19982740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982740" title="State ideology of the Soviet Union">
State ideology of the Soviet Union

The state ideology of the Soviet Union embodied a number of different theoretical streams, originating primarily from within the Marxist ideology of socialism, but with some minor threads emerging from within the Russian revolutionary movement such as the ideology of the Left Socialist-Revolutionaries or from within anarcho-communism such as Makhnovism.
Soviet communist ideology.
Soviet communism can broadly be considered as the ideology, or systematic belief structure, of the advocates of communism within the Soviet councils of the Russian Revolution, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) and later the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). As such the early period of Soviet ideology was typified by intellectual competition between varying trends, then between the predominant trend, Bolshevik Russian soviet democracy, and then the resultant ideological changes within the official ideology of the Soviet Union.
The competing ideologies of the revolutionary period to 1923.
Prior to 1923, ideology was both intellectually and politically contested within the Russian Revolution. At first, after the October Revolution, all party governments were formed amongst: Social Revolutionaries, Bolsheviks, Mensheviks, and limited anarcho-communist groups. At the central level, the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party's (RSDLP) Bolshevik party was predominant, but at the local level power was held by ideologically mixed non-workplace soviets or workers' council soviets. Through the course of the Revolution, falling outs occurred, significantly between the Left-SR party organisation and the Bolsheviks over the issue of war, leading to a rift with and suppression of Left-SR ideology. Additionally, the crisis between the Makhnovist Black Army and the Soviet Red Army, combined with the Kronstadt Uprising led to the suppression of anarcho-communist ideologies. The military and political success of the Bolshevik-led Red Army caused numerous political activists to realign themselves behind Bolshevik ideology.
Early Bolshevik ideology.
The ideology of early Bolsheviks is outlined in "The State and Revolution", explaining the need for a revolution in order to create a dictatorship of the proletariat and establish a communal state where wealth inequality and social class didn't exist. Private property was to be abolished and wealth would belong to society as a whole, eliminating all class stratification.
Most histories of Bolshevik ideology emphasise the central role of VI Lenin's internal party struggles in creating a cohesive ideological structure. To a lesser extent, Leon Trotsky's external critiques of Bolshevism form a central component of what is called in the contemporary period Leninism.
Bolshevik ideological conflicts during the Civil War period.
Towards the later stages of the civil war a conflict emerged between the more workerist ideology of the left communists and later the Workers' Opposition within the Bolshevik Party, and the Central Committee line. In both instances the minority ideology was suppressed, without the supporters of the ideological position being persecuted.
Competition within the Central Committee during the 1920s.
The end of the Civil War's effects on Soviet Ideology, and of the position of War Communism, is generally held to being with the imposition of the New Economic Policy (NEP). While the NEP was debated throughout the 1920s, serious divisions emerged within the Bolshevik Party. Many of these divisions were expressed ideology in terms of debates over socialist development and internationalism, and resulted in the development of three broad lines of Soviet Ideology.
Trotskyism and the International Left Opposition.
The smallest grouping was of the International Left Opposition and the supporters of Leon Trotsky. While this group was politically weak, it has had a great and continuing influence in ideological circles through the work of Leon Trotsky and his subsequent followers and supporters.
The International Right Opposition.
The International Right Opposition was the second largest ideological grouping at the end of the 1920s. They emphasised the political development of socialism within continuing market relations. Ideologically this group proved to be ultimately sterile, though a significant amount of political work was published during the 1930s with some ideological implications.
Marxism-Leninism and Stalinism.
The largest group within Bolshevik ideology at the end of the 1920s were the followers and supporters of Joseph Stalin's advocacy of developing socialism within the Soviet Union without seeking overseas revolution. The chief document of Stalinist ideology under Stalin was the Short course history of the CPSU(b). Followers of this ideological position have generally referred to themselves as "Marxist-Leninists" after 1956.
Post-Stalin ideologies.
Subsequent to Stalin, some changes occurred in Soviet Ideology. Chief amongst these were Nikita Khrushchev's advocacy of developing quality in preference to quantity in Soviet development and the pursuit of peaceful coexistence; and the declaration of the Brezhnev doctrine. During the 1940s 1950s and 1960s numerous experiments were made in political or organisational issues within Soviet communist framework in Eastern European actually existing socialist states, though there was little systematic creative ideological work conducted by State-supporting mainstream Marxists, the dissenting Marxists tending to produce new ideological material outside of the Soviet communist traditions. However, Imre Nagy's humanist socialism and Alexander Dubcek's socialism with a human face were developments of Soviet communist ideologists. Towards the end, Mikhail Gorbachev introduced new innovations in political life which were perceived by some to indicate ideological change. In 1985, Gorbachev announced that the Soviet economy was stalled and that reorganization was needed. Initially, his reforms were called uskoreniye (acceleration) but later the terms such as glasnost (liberalisation, opening up) and perestroika (restructuring) became more popular.
Criticism.
In the 1950s the Marxist intellectual Herbert Marcuse was commissioned by the government of the United States to complete a major work of Marxist analysis on the ideology of Soviet Communism, titled "".

</doc>
<doc id="19982742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982742" title="Harriman State Park (Idaho)">
Harriman State Park (Idaho)

Harriman State Park is a state park in eastern Idaho, USA. It is located on an wildlife refuge in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem and is home to an abundance of elk, moose, sandhill cranes, trumpeter swans, and the occasional black or grizzly bear. Two-thirds of the trumpeter swans that winter in the contiguous United States spend the season in Harriman State Park. The land was deeded to Idaho for free in 1977 by Roland and W. Averell Harriman, whose insistence that the state have a professional park managing service helped prompt the creation of the Idaho Department of Parks and Recreation in 1965. The park opened to the public in 1982. It is located in Fremont County, south of Island Park, Idaho. Henry's Fork, a world-famous fly-fishing stream, winds through the meadows of Harriman State Park. In winter, many of its roads and trails are groomed for cross country
skiing.
The park is located within a geological feature called a caldera, the Henry's Fork Caldera.
Friends of Harriman State Park, Inc. is a 501c3 organization dedicated to community projects that directly benefit Harriman State Park of Idaho. Friends of Harriman State Park was formed in the winter of 2010 after the announcement by the State of Idaho of the need to cut park funding completely and eventually dissolve the Idaho Department of Parks and Recreation into another state agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19982743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982743" title="2008 Pakistan earthquake">
2008 Pakistan earthquake

The 2008 Pakistan earthquake was a magnitude Mw 6.4 earthquake that hit the Pakistani province of Balochistan on October 29, 2008. The US Geological Survey reported that the quake occurred north of Quetta and southeast of the Afghanistan city of Kandahar at 04:09 local time (28 October, 23:09 UTC) at a depth of , at 30.653°N, 67.323°E. It was followed by another shallower magnitude 6.4 earthquake at a depth of approximately 12 hours after the initial shock, at 30.546°N, 67.447°E. 215 people were confirmed dead. More than 200 were injured (according to Mohammed Zaman, assistant to the Balochistan chief secretary, Nasir Khosa), and 120,000 were homeless (according to Dilawar Khan Kakar, Ziarat, Balochistan mayor and chief administrator). "The New York Times" reported that Qamar Zaman Chaudhry, director general of Pakistan Meteorological Department, stated the quake epicenter was north of Quetta, and about southwest of Islamabad. Quetta, Baluchistan's capital, was levelled in 1935 by a magnitude Mw 7.6 earthquake which left 30,000 people dead, according to the US Geological Survey.
Tectonic summary.
Earthquakes and active faults in western and northern Pakistan and adjacent parts of Afghanistan are the result of the Indian plate moving northward at a rate of about 40 mm/yr (1.6 inches/yr) and colliding with the Eurasian plate. Along the northern edge of the Indian subcontinent, the Indian plate is subducting beneath the Eurasian plate, causing uplift that produces the highest mountain peaks in the world, including the Himalayan, the Karakoram, the Pamir and the Hindu Kush ranges. West and south of the Himalayan front, the relative motion between the two plates is oblique, which results in strike-slip, reverse-slip, and oblique-slip earthquakes. The pattern of elastic waves that were radiated by the October 28 and 29, 2008, earthquakes implies that each earthquake was the result of predominantly strike-slip faulting. Seismographically recorded waveforms imply that the shocks were caused by either left-lateral slip on a northeast-striking fault or right-lateral slip on a northwest-striking fault. The tectonic setting favours left-lateral slip on a northeast-trending fault as the likely fault plane.
The October 28 and 29 earthquakes occurred in the Sulaiman fold-and-thrust belt, a region where geologically young (Tertiary) sedimentary rocks have been folded and squeezed by forces associated with the Indian-Eurasian collision. The earthquakes are located approximately 80 km east of the 650-km-long Chaman fault, which is a major left-lateral strike-slip fault that accommodates a significant amount of the slip across the plate boundary. The occurrence of the earthquakes suggests that other left-lateral strike-slip faults are present beneath the fold-and-thrust belt and that they accommodate some of the relative motion of the Indian and Eurasian plates.
The earthquakes of October 28 and 29, 2008, are located approximately 50 km northeast of the region of most intense damage from the Pakistan earthquake of May 30, 1935 (M 7.6), which is estimated to have killed 30,000 people. The 1935 earthquake probably occurred as the result of left-lateral strike-slip motion on a northeast-striking fault.
Details.
Most of the casualties were from two villages on the outskirts of Ziarat town. Balochistan chief minister Nawab Aslam Khan Raisani ordered declaration of emergency in the hospitals of the affected areas. These areas, situated on steep terrain, were badly damaged by landslides caused by the quake. Hundreds of mud houses were destroyed.
The tremors were felt in Quetta, Ziarat, Pishin, Qila Abdullah, Mastung, Sibi, Bolan, Kuchlak and Loralai areas.
Response.
Dilawar Khan, mayor of Ziarat District, stated that his office had requested support from the local government. Pakistani military helicopters and troops were dispatched to assess damage and aid victims.

</doc>
<doc id="19982744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982744" title="Maya Miriga">
Maya Miriga

Maya Miriga (1984(, English "The Mirage" ) is an award-winning Oriya film film directed by Nirad N. Mohapatra.
Story.
The story of a family, where three generations live under a decaying roof. The widowed grandmother is the titular head, her son Raj Kishore Babu, father of four sons and a daughter, is the gentle yet disciplined headmaster on the verge of retirement. The father demands of his sons a diligent pursuit of education as the means of upward mobility. The centre of all their hopes is the brilliant second son studying in Delhi to get into the IAS. When he makes it to the coveted service, the family thinks all their sacrifices have been worth it.
The family gets flattering proposals and the IAS probationer marries a city-bred girl above his status. The unvoiced protest comes from the eldest daughter-in-law Prabha, the beast of burden and kitchen slave. Her husband is a college lecturer. Prabha wonders if the IAS officer’s wife will share the chores. She is proved right when the new bahu defies tradition by opting to stay with her parents when the husband is away on training. With inexorable finality, she carts away her dowry of a new fridge and shiny laminated furniture to her independent home, setting off seething resentment in Prabha’s hitherto submissive mind. Inevitably, she nudges her husband towards independence, and he opts to be deputed to Cuttack. The bewildered patriarch seeks consolation in stoic acceptance of these changes, ruminating over the younger generation’s break for independence on his walks with a friend who waits for his America-based son. His is not the Shakespearean tragedy of a Lear — he is too dispassionate for that. But in his very real hurt, he has the comfort of memories to fall back upon just as his two older sons have their future to look forward to. The youngest son, the rebel whose passion is cricket, not only manages to get a first class but shames the IAS brother into financing his higher studies in Delhi. It is the timid third son whose second division in the all-important exam strands him in the backwaters of mediocrity, with a sense of being a failure and conscious of his father’s disappointment.
Review.
The director’s muted sympathy for the one who stays back gives Maya Miriga its poignant austerity. The gentleness of the unfolding and the contemplative insights offered into each individual’s feelings and motives, the naturalistic mise en scene enveloped in shadowy sepia tones imbue a familiar, ordinary tale of Indian life with melancholy poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19982766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982766" title="The Best War Ever">
The Best War Ever

The Best War Ever: America and World War II is a book written by Dr. Michael C. C. Adams (professor of history at Northern Kentucky University) which is a popular textbook in American history courses at many colleges and universities. The book was and first published by the Johns Hopkins University press in 1994 as part of its "American Moment" series, edited by University of Wisconsin–Madison history professor Stanley I. Kutler. In a 2004 survey of American college history instructors, the book was voted #2 in the "most likely to plagiarize" category, finishing just behind "Amusing the Million" by John Kasson.
Main thesis and arguments.
Adams argues that the historical memory of America's involvement in World War II has been sanitized and replaced by a common set of misconceptions that borders on folklore. Adams specifically cites television programs and motion pictures that have popularized the war as a morally just, popularly-supported conflict in which the Allies became the heroes and the Axis Powers, most notably the Nazis and the Japanese, became villains. In this trope, all returning servicemen came back well-adjusted and suffered no mental illness, racial tensions did not exist, and all American soldiers fought with valor and honor. Adams contrasts the idea of the "Best War Ever" with the mythology surrounding the Vietnam War and concludes that the juxtaposition of these two military engagements and their striking differences help reinforce the popular notions surrounding World War II.
Reception.
Professional historians lauded Adams for his willingness to challenge stereotypes surrounding the war. J.T. Hansen, writing in the Journal of American History, said that the book should be "required reading for the writers of jingoistic accounts of World War II.
Temple University professor David Farber also praised Adams for his clear writing style and his comparison of actor John Wayne, one of the most recognizable symbols of American bravery in World War II movies, with Ronald Reagan, a president who, according to Adams, used the World War II mythology to justify his policies and political style while in office.
Overall, the reviews in the major historical journals were very favorable.
Anecdotes.
Adams lists a number of historical anecdotes as evidence to his overarching arguments. These include:
The Ball Gunner
Adams takes issue with the glamorization of the "ball gunners," the crew members on B-17 missions who operated the bottom turret guns. Adams uses a magazine advertisement to illustrate the romantic view of the war that advertisers and the American government portrayed at home. A copy of a magazine ad featured the ball gunner under the headline "Giving 'Em Hell in a Goldfish Bowl." Adams contrasts this with the poem The Death of the Ball Turret Gunner by Randall Jarrell, which depicts the gruesome death of a ball gunner who was literally blown to bits by a shrapnel explosion.
References.
"The Best War Ever: America and World War II," Johns Hopkins University Press, 1993, ISBN 978-0-8018-4697-7

</doc>
<doc id="19982781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982781" title="Batingaw">
Batingaw

Batingaw (Bell) is the late-evening news program in the People's Television Network and anchored by Aljo Bendijo, Katherine Villar, and Kathy San Gabriel.
In Early August 2010, Batingaw was replaced by the returned Teledyaryo Final Edition. Aired With Same Anchors

</doc>
<doc id="19982806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982806" title="Hareut">
Hareut

Hareut ("friendship", "fellowship", "comradeship" in English, here esp. "brotherhood in arms") is a Hebrew poem written by Haim Gouri and set to music by Sasha Argov. The song was written a year after the outbreak of the Israeli War of Independence and commemorates those who fell in the war. The song is often performed at memorial ceremonies.
The song was originally performed by the Chizbatron with Gideon Singer as a soloist. Other well-known performances of the song have been by the NAHAL Entertainment Troupe, and popular singers Shoshana Damari and Yehoram Gaon. Prior to Israel's 60th Independence Day, the song was elected by IDF soldiers on the Army Radio, as their favourite Hebrew song, ranking ahead of the popular Jerusalem of Gold. The song was highly ranked in other competitions.
The song represents the social ideals of the period of the War of Independence, including one's sacrifice for the homeland, the individual's concern for all, and the sanctity of the memory of the fallen.
In the 1990s the song also became identified with the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin. Yitzhak Rabin admitted that this was one of his favourite songs, and it was performed by Shoshana Damari at the Peace Rally at which he was later assassinated. It is regularly performed at ceremonies commemorating the memory of Yitzhak Rabin.

</doc>
<doc id="19982813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982813" title="Energy in Armenia">
Energy in Armenia

Energy in Armenia describes energy and electricity production, consumption and import in Armenia. 
Armenia has no proven reserves of oil or natural gas and currently imports nearly all of it from Russia. The new Iran-Armenia Natural Gas Pipeline has the capacity to provide twice the country's 2008 natural gas consumption and has the potential to provide energy security for Armenia as an alternative to the Russian-dominated imports that flow through the Georgian border.
Despite a lack of fossil fuel, Armenia has significant domestic electricity generation resources. 
The Armenian electrical energy sector has had a surplus capacity ever since emerging from a severe post-Soviet crisis in the mid-1990s thanks to the reopening of the nuclear power station at Metsamor.
The Metsamor Nuclear Power Plant provides 42.9% of the country's electricity. Armenia has plans to build a new NPP in order to replace the aging Metsamor which was built in 1979. The country also has eleven hydroelectric power plants and has plans to build a geothermal power plant in Syunik. Most of the rest of Armenia's electricity is generated by the natural gas-fired thermal power plants in Yerevan (completed in 2010) and Hrazdan.
Wind power in Armenia is underdeveloped and as of 2008, Armenia has only one wind power farm located in the Lori marz. The Armenian and Iranian energy sectors are currently jointly constructing the Iran-Armenia Wind Farm which is set to become the country's largest wind farm.
Armenia is a partner country of the EU INOGATE energy programme, which has four key topics: enhancing energy security,
convergence of member state energy markets on the basis of EU internal energy market principles,
supporting sustainable energy development, and attracting investment for energy projects of common and regional interest.
It is estimated that nearly 80 percent of Armenia's energy system is under Russian control.
Oil.
Armenia has no oil reserves. Most of its oil demands are met through imports from Russia. In Soviet times, this fuel made its way to Armenia via a direct rail link from Armenia-Georgia-Russia, but since the Abkhazia-Georgia border is closed fuel is transported across the Black Sea to Georgia from where it makes its way to Armenia via rail cars. Armenian oil demand is constrained, in large part, due to an economic embargo maintained by Azerbaijan to the East, and Turkey to the West. The embargo began shortly after the secession of Nagorno-Karabakh, an Armenian enclave within Azerbaijan in 1988, and has held, despite a cease fire declared in 1994.
Iran-Armenia oil pipeline.
Armenian and Iranian authorities have for years been discussing an oil pipeline (distinct from the existing Iran-Armenia natural gas pipeline) that will pump Iranian oil products to Armenia; however, as of early 2011, no concrete dates have been set for the construction. Armenian Energy Minister Armen Movsisian has said that the construction will take two years and cost Armenia about $100 million. Iran's Oil Minister has said that the 365-kilometer pipeline could go on stream by 2014. Iran plans to export 1.5 million liters of gasoline and diesel fuel a day to Armenia through the pipeline; Armenia’s annual demand for refined oil products stands at around 400,000 metric tons.
Natural Gas.
Natural gas represents a large portion of total energy consumption in Armenia, accounting for 50%. Armenia receives all of its natural gas from Russia (which has the world's largest reserves of natural gas and controls nearly 80% of the country's energy network). Armrosgazprom holds a monopoly over the import and distribution of natural gas in Armenia.
Armenia's thermal power stations (which supply approximately 24% of Armenia's electricity needs) run on natural gas, making Armenia (at the present time) dependent on imported Russian gas to meeting its electricity needs. Furthermore, natural gas is the primary means of winter heating in the country.
Russia-Georgia-Armenia pipelines.
The Russian gas export monopoly Gazprom supplies Armenia with gas through a pipeline that runs through Georgia. In 2007, Gazprom provided Armenia with just under 2 billion cubic meters of natural gas. As a transit fee, Armenia pays Georgia approximately 10% of the gas that was destined to reach Armenia. Russian natural gas supplies to Georgia and Armenia are provided by two main pipelines: the North Caucasus-Transcaucasus pipeline (1,200 mm diameter) and the Mozdok-Tbilisi pipeline (700 mm diameter).
In 2008, Armenia imported 2.2 billion cubic meters of natural gas from Russia.
Iran-Armenia gas pipeline.
A new gas pipeline, the Iran-Armenia Natural Gas Pipeline, was completed in October, 2008. It is owned and operated by ArmRosGazProm and links Armenia to neighboring Iran, which has the world's second largest natural gas reserve after Russia. It has a capacity to pump 2.3-2.5 billion cubic meters of Iranian gas per year. However, although Iran is ready to export gas to Armenia, the Armenian Ministry of Energy claimed in October 2008 that it "does not yet have a need" for Iranian gas. Analysts have said that Armenia's reluctance to import Iranian gas is a result of pressure from Russia which maintains a monopoly over Armenia's natural gas market. 
ArmRosGazProm (68% of which is owned by the Russian gas giant Gazprom) owns the natural gas pipeline network within Armenia that supplies gas to consumers and businesses. Furthermore, Gazprom wholly owns a crucial 24-mile section of the pipeline which Armenia surrendered in exchange for natural gas supplies from Russia at prices well below the European average until 2009. According to an analyst, Armenia "effectively bargained away its future prospects for energy sources in return for cheaper prices now." While Armenia could diversify its gas supply, with control of the Iran-Armenia gas pipeline, Gazprom now controls the competitors' supply.
In 2009 Armenia was importing 1-1.5 million cubic meters of Iranian natural gas, paying for this by electricity exports. In 2010 Iran will sell about 150 million cubic meters of natural gas to Armenia. A natural gas measuring center was installed late 2009/early 2010 at the Armenian-Iranian border to replace a provisional gas measuring station.
Electricity.
Despite a lack of fossil fuel, Armenia has significant domestic electricity generation resources. In 2006, non-thermal domestic electricity generation accounted for 76% of total generation: 43% nuclear and 33% hydroelectric. In comparison, in 2002, these numbers were 56%, 32%, and 26%.
In 2006, Armenia's power plants generated a total of 5,940.9 million KWh of electricity of which 5,566.7 million KWh were delivered (374.2 million KWh – or 6.3% – was consumed by the producing plants). Thus, in 2006, Armenia's power plants "on average" generated 678.2 MW of power, while the country's electricity consumption rate "on average" was 635.5 MW.
Armenia has a total of 11 power stations and 17 220 kV substations. A map of Armenia's National Electricity Transmission Grid can be found at the website of the Global Energy Network Institute here [http://www.geni.org/globalenergy/library/national_energy_grid/armenia/index.shtml].
United Energy Systems of Russia owns 70% of Electricity Networks of Armenia, the company that owns and manages Armenia's electricity grid.
Nuclear Power Plant and Nuclear Fuel.
Armenia's controversial Metsamor Nuclear Power Plant, constructed in 1979, has an installed capacity of 815 MW, though only one unit of 407.5 MW is currently in operation. In 2006, it provided about 42.9% of the country's domestic electricity generation by generating 2,640.3 GWh of electricity (a yearly average of 301.4 MW of power). Nuclear fuel must be flown in from Russia and then taken along a dirt road from Yerevan because Armenia's border with Turkey is closed. While the Republic of Armenia is the sole owner of the plant, the Russian company United Energy Systems (UES) manages the Metsamor NPP. Metsamor's resources will be exhausted by 2016.
Despite an abundance of renewable energy sources in the country, the government of Armenia is currently discussing the issue of constructing a new nuclear power plant of either 1,000 MW or 1,200 MW, with a projected cost of $4 billion and $5.2-7.2 billion dollars respectively. Armenian Deputy Minister of Energy and natural Resources Areg Galstyan said that the construction of the new nuclear power plant may start in 2011. The new NPP is expected to be commissioned in 2017.
Thermal Power Plants.
As of April 2010, thermal power plants (running on imported natural gas from Russia and Iran) provided about one-third of Armenia's electricity.
Thermal power plants (running on natural gas) in Armenia have an established capacity of 1,756 MW.
The following table lists the three thermal power plants which together account for 24% of Armenia's domestic electricity generation.
New thermal power plants.
In April 2010, a new natural gas-fired thermal power plant was inaugurated in Yerevan, making it the first major energy facility built in the country since independence. The plant will reportedly allow Armenia to considerably cut back on use of natural gas for electricity production, because officials say it will also be twice as efficient as the plant’s decommissioned unit and four other Soviet-era facilities of its kind functioning in the central Armenian town of Hrazdan. With a capacity of 242 megawatts, its gas-powered turbine will be able to generate approximately one-quarter of Armenia’s current (as of 2010) electricity output. The state-of-the-art plant was built in Yerevan in place of an obsolete facility with a $247 million loan provided by the Japanese government through the Japan Bank of International Cooperation (JBIC). The long-term loan was disbursed to the Armenian government on concessional terms in 2007.
Armenia’s energy sector will expand further after the ongoing construction of the Hrazdan thermal plant’s new and even more powerful Fifth Unit. Russia’s Gazprom monopoly acquired the incomplete facility in 2006 as part of a complex agreement with the Yerevan government that raised its controlling stake in the Armenian gas distribution network to a commanding 80 percent. The Russian giant pledged to spend more than $200 million on finishing its protracted construction by 2011.
The new Yerevan and Hrazdan facilities will pave the way for large-scale Armenian imports of natural gas from neighboring Iran through a pipeline constructed in late 2008. Armenia began receiving modest amounts of Iranian gas in May 2009. With Russian gas essentially meeting its domestic needs, it is expected that the bulk of that gas will be converted into electricity and exported to the Islamic Republic.
In late-December 2010, the Armenian Energy Ministry announced that the fifth block of the Hrazdan thermal power plant will go online by April 2011. Although construction on the fifth block began in the late 1980s, the Armenian government tried to unsuccessfully finish it in the late 1990s. The current project is part of a 2006 deal between Gazprom and the Armenian government, in which Gazprom acquired the incomplete facility and increased its stake in Armenia's gas distribution network, in turn pledging to spend $200 million in completing the project by 2011.
Hydroelectric Power Plants.
Hydropower plants have an established capacity of 1,038 MW.
The economically justified hydropower potential of Armenia is around 3.600 GWh/year. From this amount, 1.500 GWh/year (or about 42% of economically justified hydropower potential) has been developed already.
Armenia has 9 hydroelectric power plants which together accounted for 33% of its domestic electricity generation. The plants are grouped along two cascades: the Sevan-Hrazdan Cascade and the Vorotan Cascade. The following table lists the details of each cascade:
Planned projects.
By 2020, it is expected that the Meghri HPP (also known as the Araks Hydro Power Plant) with 140 MW capacity and the Loriberd HPP with 60 MW capacity will be built with the cumulative generation of 1,012 million kWh/year. The Meghri Hydro Power Plant is a joint Armenian-Iranian project to be constructed on the Araks River near Armenia's southern border town of Meghri.
In 2010, the energy ministers of Armenia and Iran signed a document on the long-anticipated construction of two hydropower stations on the Arax River. The agreement stipulates that the $323 million project will be fundamentally financed and operated by Iran, 793 million kWh of energy transported to Iran annually, and the stations transferred to Armenia’s ownership 15 years later. Construction is expected to commence in 2011 and take five years to complete.
Small hydroelectric power plants.
According to a USAID sponsored report, 313 small hydroelectric power plants (small HPPs) with an installed capacity of 243.366 MW and an average yearly electricity production of 737.38 GWh are installed in the country. In 2006, the small HPPs produced 166.6 GWh of electricity.
Wind power.
According to a study sponsored by the United States Department of Energy (DOE) and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in 2002-2003, the "theoretical" wind power potential of Armenia is 4,900 MWe in 4 zones with a total area of 979 km2.
As of 2008, the Lori 1 Wind power plant is Armenia's only wind power plant. Completed in December 2005 by the Iranian company "Sunir" with funding from Iran, it consists of 4 wind turbines and has a capacity of 2.64 MWe. It is located along the Bazum Mountains at Pushkin Pass () in Armenia's northern region of Lori. In 2006, the Lori 1 WPP generated only 2.6 GWh of electricity (a yearly average of 296.8 KWe—about 11% of installed capacity).
The Armenian and Iranian energy sectors are currently jointly constructing the Iran-Armenia Wind Farm which is set to become the country's largest wind farm, having an installed electric capacity of 90 MW.
Solar power.
According to the report of Renewable Energy Roadmap for Armenia () the technical potential of the solar energy in the country is exceeding 1000 MW. Such a high number is due to the rather high average solar radiation over the country (around 1700 kWh/m2 annually).
Yet the solar energy utilization in the country remains at very small scales and the developments are only at a research level. 
Geothermal power.
Armenia is constructing the Jermaghbyur Geothermal Power Plant which will be the country's largest geothermal power plant having an installed electric capacity of 150 MW.
Thermal Energy.
In addition to generating electricity, both the Yerevan Thermal Power Plant and the Hrazdan Thermal Power Plants can provide thermal energy to consumers and industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19982823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982823" title="Mannie Jackson">
Mannie Jackson

Mannie Jackson (born May 4, 1939) is the chairman and owner of the Harlem Globetrotters, for whom he played from 1962 to 1964. He was the first African American with controlling ownership in an entertainment organization and international sports. Jackson has been heavily recognized throughout his career including an acknowledgment as one of the nation's 30 most powerful and influential black corporate executives, one of the nation's top 50 corporate strategists, and one of the 20 African-American high net worth entrepreneurs.
Early life.
Mannie Jackson was born to Emmet and Margaret Jackson in Illmo, Missouri. Specifically, he was born and lived in a boxcar. He was raised in an environment of great poverty, often living with 12 family members. His family then moved to Edwardsville, Illinois where his father worked in automobile plants and his mother cleaned houses. Mannie was three at the time of this move to escape the Iimo, Mo floods. Mannie's father, Emmett, worked for the A.O. Smith Co. in Granite City, IL, that made large auto frames for General Motors. He also tended bar at the country club and gun club in Edwardsville. He worked two jobs while studying to be a teacher at the old Shurtleff College in Alton. Mannie adds, "He (Emmett) was an inspiration to me." "Here's this guy who came out of the military after the war, had three kids, worked two jobs, went to college, and he did all this in the most racist part of the world you can be in. He never lost his drive." "School segregation ended in Edwardsville just before Mannie Jackson went to high school. He was among the second group of black students to enroll in Edwardsville High. The town previously had an all-black high school called Lincoln. Jackson comments, "There were seven of us, four guys and three girls. Some of them were traumatized by this. It all points up the amount of waste that residual racism caused, the waste of human resources. If I show my Honeywell card, they look at it and figure I have an important job with a major corporation. They nod and smile. If I show my Globetrotter card, they want me to come home and meet their family. This is ours--our heritage, something that's uniquely African-American."
In 1989, Jackson visited the Edwardsville YMCA during an opening of the new addition. Mannie speaks, "I remember the 'Y' of the early '50s as an organization without the usual level of institutionalized racism. It provided programs that actually encouraged the interaction of all citizens of Edwardsville, when most of our other institutions at the time routinely excluded black people. Most young people are unable to achieve what they cannot visualize. Therefore, our youth need to be shown in somewhat graphic form role models and patterns of success and tolerance. Believe me, they will never achieve what they don't see. We have observed that the better-prepared soil seems always to produce the strongest plants. Thank you for preparing the soil in Edwardsville."
Jackson attended Edwardsville High school where he began to demonstrate his superior skills in basketball. In 1956, he led his team for the first time to the states championship finals, where they lost to Rockford West. At Edwardsville High school, Jackson made first team All-State and received a full scholarship to play at the University of Illinois. While at Edwardsville High School, Mannie Jackson was inspired by Coach Joe Lucco. I think we taught him a lot more than basketball, and he taught us a lot, " said Lucco, 81, a legendary coach in the old Southwestern Conference. "He was the epitome of youth,and a real gentleman. He had brains, too." Mannie added, "He taught me how to tie a tie. He would take us along when he spoke at various high school banquets around the state. He always insisted we wear a coat and tie. Edwardsville native, Andrew Razeghi, author of Hope: How Triumphant Leaders Create the Future notes Mannie's gift to instill hope not only in himself but in others.
Jackson, along with team member Govoner Vaughn, were the first African Americans to start at the University of Illinois. During his collegiate career, Jackson often faced racism by many of the University’s fans and students. Despite this, Jackson was an outstanding player and, along with Vaughn, became the first African-American lettermen at the University and graduated in 1960.
Career.
Upon his graduation, Jackson tried out for the New York Knicks, but failed to make the squad. Instead, he was invited to try out for the Harlem Globetrotters, a team that toured the United States and Europe, performing basketball tricks. His career as a Globetrotter was short-lived, as he left the team in 1964 to study economics and work with General Motors in Detroit. In 1986, he received a job at Honeywell, Inc. and was quickly promoted to higher positions, soon becoming one of the company’s highest executives. 
In 1986, Mannie Jackson helped to found the Executive Leadership Council, which was a group of African American corporate executives from various industries that would interact and build strong ties with one another. In 1993, when the Harlem Globetrotters’ popularity was beginning to decline, and the team was nearly bankrupt, Jackson purchased the team for $6 million. In order to regain the team’s fans, Jackson replaced many of the older players for younger ones, and placed a new focus on skilled showmanship. This move proved successful, helping the Harlem Globetrotters to regain its status as one of America’s favorite teams. Overall, he tripled the team's revenue in just three years. 
Jackson is currently married to his wife Cathy, and has two daughters and a son. Throughout his ownership of the Globetrotters, he has increased the fan base to record numbers and has increased revenue of the team fivefold.

</doc>
<doc id="19982830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982830" title="Your Love Is Strong">
Your Love Is Strong

"Your Love Is Strong" is a single from singer/songwriter Jon Foreman's "Spring" EP, as well as his first full album, the compilation entitled "Limbs and Branches". It was confirmed as a radio single by EMI/CMG's promotion blog, and was released to Christian radio formats only. Robbie Seay Band recorded a version of this song for their 2010 release "Miracle".
It entered the Christian CHR radio chart at No. 29, and has thus far peaked at No. 18.
The song is based on and quotes the Lord's Prayer.
Versions.
There are two versions of the song. The first is the original version that appears on the "Spring" EP. The second appears on the "Limbs and Branches" compilation and has a slightly different arrangement, most notably including some additional overdubbed strings throughout the entire song, albeit low in the mix.

</doc>
<doc id="19982831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982831" title="The Losers (Vertigo)">
The Losers (Vertigo)

The Losers is a comic book series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics, written by Andy Diggle and illustrated by Jock. It ran for 32 issues from August 2003 to March 2006.
The idea was very loosely based on the original "The Losers" for DC Comics, a group of World War II soldiers, although Diggle maintains he has never read a single issue of the original series.
The series was adapted into a film of the same name that was released in 2010.
Publication history.
Andy Diggle has talked about the development of the concept, which developed from conversations with editor Will Dennis about doing an original title at Vertigo:
Although he originally thought about returning to the original and doing a war comic:
The ongoing monthly comic concluded in 2006 after 32 issues, but it was never cancelled. According to Diggle, "Everyone always thinks it got cancelled — it was always intended to be two or three years long."
Plot.
The Losers' reimagining was set against events surrounding and including the War on Terror. Originally a Special Forces team integrated with the Central Intelligence Agency. In the 90s, the Losers were betrayed by their handler, Max, and left for dead following the conclusion of their operation. Eager for revenge and the opportunity to remove their names from a secret CIA death list, the Losers regroup and conduct covert operations against the CIA and its interests, uncovering startling operations spearheaded by the enigmatic Max, whose influence within the CIA and U.S. government is unparalleled.
Collected editions.
The complete run has been collected into a series of trade paperbacks. All stories are written by Andy Diggle, with Jock on the majority of art duties.
In 2010, a "double volume", including both "Ante Up" and "Double Down", was released to tie in with the film adaptation; and a second book to collect the rest of the series.
Reception.
In the week after the film's release, "The Losers: Book 1" topped the "New York Times" paperback graphic books list.
Awards.
In 2004, the series won the Eagle Award for "Favourite New Comicbook"; and was nominated for the "Best New Series" Eisner Award. In 2006, Jock was nominated for the "Best Cover Artist" Eisner Award, for "The Losers".
Film adaptation.
In 2007, it was announced that a movie adaptation was in development with a screenplay by Peter Berg and James Vanderbilt, to be directed by Tim Story for Warner Brothers.
In October 2008, "Variety" reported that Sylvain White had taken over as director, with Dark Castle Entertainment acting as the financiers. In February 2009, it was reported that Jeffrey Dean Morgan would headline the upcoming adaptation playing Clay. In March 2009, it was confirmed that Columbus Short would play Pooch, Idris Elba would play Roque and Zoe Saldana would play Aisha. Further casting included Chris Evans playing Jensen, Óscar Jaenada playing Cougar. In August 2009, it was announced that Jason Patric would play Max.
In June 2009, Warner Bros. set a tentative release date of April 9, 2010, but pushed it back to June 4, 2010. Filming began in Puerto Rico in July. The film was released on April 23, 2010, with mixed to negative reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19982843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982843" title="David W. Mullins, Jr.">
David W. Mullins, Jr.

David Wiley Mullins, Jr. (born April 28, 1946) is an American economist and former vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve. He also served as an assistant Secretary of the Treasury for domestic finance in the administration of United States President George H. W. Bush. Mullins left the Federal Reserve in 1994 to join the hedge fund Long Term Capital Management and remained in private finance following its collapse in 1998.
Early life.
David Mullins was born on April 28, 1946 to David Wiley Mullins and his wife Eula in Memphis, Tennessee. His father worked for Auburn University until 1960, when he became the president of the University of Arkansas. David Jr. was raised in Fayetteville, Arkansas, along with his brother Gary and sister Carolyn. Mullins left Arkansas for Yale and went on to study finance at the MIT Sloan School of Management. In 1974 he earned his Ph.D. from MIT and accepted a position in the faculty of Harvard Business School as an expert in financial crises.
Career.
In 1987, then Secretary of the Treasury Nicholas F. Brady asked Mullins to run the Brady commission. The commission was to be an inquiry into the stock market crash of October 19, 1987, known as Black Monday. In two months, Mullins assembled nearly 50 people to produce the report, which provided one of the first official records of the crash. The Brady Report laid significant blame on derivatives traders and portfolio insurance mechanisms, with much of the focus being generated by Mullins.
As the savings and loan crisis deepened, Brady turned to Mullins, now assistant Secretary of the Treasury, to develop a plan to resolve the crisis. The plan was enacted by Congress on August 8, 1989 as FIRREA (The Financial Institutions Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989) which created the RTC to dispose of failed thrift assets. The RTC ultimately sold $394 billion in assets of 747 failed thrifts. This approach became a model for banking resolution plans in Sweden, Thailand and elsewhere. Mullins remained popular with Congress and the president. In 1989, Mullins was appointed by President Bush as assistant Secretary of the Treasury for domestic finance. While at the Treasury, Mullins co-wrote a paper on high-yield debt defaults which received the inaugural Smith Breeden Prize.
On May 21, 1990, Bush nominated Mullins to a 4-year term on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors to fill a vacancy left by the resignation of H. Robert Heller. Mullins was seen as the Fed's "resident intellectual" due to his background as a professor in finance. In 1994, Mullins resigned to join John Meriwether's new hedge fund, Long Term Capital Management (LTCM). Although his term was to come to a close, the resignation was viewed as unexpected.
At LTCM, Mullins joined what "Business Week" termed a "dream team" or financial experts and academics, including Nobel laureates Myron Scholes and Robert C. Merton. Roger Lowenstein, author of "", argued that some prospective investors in LTCM were swayed by the presence of Mullins. Just as the celebrity of Scholes and Merton caused investors and trading partners to exercise less diligence, Mullins' addition as a "marquee" name added gravitas to the firm. Following that fund's collapse in 1998 and dissolution in 2000, Mullins left LTCM and worked for financial services companies. Mullins' career in government was effectively ended by the collapse. In 2008 he was chief economist of the hedge fund Vega Asset Management.

</doc>
<doc id="19982870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982870" title="Astragalus asymmetricus">
Astragalus asymmetricus

Astragalus asymmetricus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name San Joaquin milkvetch. It is endemic to California, where it grows in grassy and disturbed areas in the Central Valley and nearby parts of the Central Coast Ranges and San Francisco Bay Area.
Description.
"Astragalus asymmetricus" is a sturdy perennial herb growing a thick, erect stem to heights between 50 and 120 centimeters. It is coated in long hairs. The leaves are up to 20 centimeters long and are made up of many pairs of leaflike leaflets, each up to 2.5 centimeters long and varying in shape from linear to oval. The inflorescence contains 15 to 45 cream-colored pealike flowers 1 to 2 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a slightly inflated hairy legume pod up to 4 centimeters long which hangs in bunches from the dried inflorescence.

</doc>
<doc id="19982879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982879" title="Psilocybe meridionalis">
Psilocybe meridionalis

Psilocybe meridionalis is a psychedelic mushroom which has psilocybin and psilocin as main active compounds. This mushroom is closely related to "Psilocybe stuntzii" but can be distinguished by its smaller spores and the presence of pleurocystidia. This is the only species of "Psilocybe" from section Stuntzii which has been found in Mexico. It is known only from the mountains of western Jalisco, Mexico. 
Distribution and habitat.
Found in Oak and Pine subtropical forests in the western mountains of Jalisco, Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="19982890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982890" title="Priya Sisters">
Priya Sisters

Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya ( ), popularly known as the Priya Sisters, are eminent Carnatic music singers.
Early life.
They hail originally from Amalapuram in East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh.They started learning Carnatic music from their father, Sri V.V.Subbaram, at an early age. In order to nurture their musical talent, their father shifted base to Chennai. Later they became the disciples of the renowned duo Radha and Jayalakshmi who were disciples of the legendary G. N. Balasubramaniam. They learnt many nuances and subtleties of music during the five-year tenure under them including the advice that the singing should be so clear that the listener should be able to notate the entire kriti.
Career.
Improving their repertoire was a major project and learning, a continuous process. Hence they joined Professor T.R.Subramaniam. They learnt many pallavis and kritis from him.Currently, Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya are under the guidance of T. R. Subramaniam.
They are part of the trend of duo singing in Carnatic music, which started in the 1950s, with performers like Radha Jayalakshmi, Soolamangalam Sisters and later continued by Bombay Sisters

</doc>
<doc id="19982892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982892" title="Yangzhou massacre">
Yangzhou massacre

The Yangzhou massacre took place in 1645 in Yangzhou, China, during the Qing Dynasty. Mass killings of residents in Yangzhou were conducted by Qing troops under the command of Prince Dodo after they conquered the city from forces loyal to the Southern Ming regime of the Hongguang Emperor.
The massacre lasted ten days after the city fell on May 20, 1645. Traditionally, the number of victims was reported as close to 800,000, although some modern scholars consider it an exaggeration. The defending commander, Shi Kefa, was also executed by Qing forces after he refused to submit to their authority.
The alleged reasons for the massacre were:
The book "An Account of Ten days at Yangzhou" by Wang Xiuchu, (English translation and annotation by Lynn A. Struve) was a first-person eyewitness account of the massacre. Following are excerpts from Wang Xiuchu's report (in Struve's translation):
There were many other massacres. Books written about the massacres in Yangzhou, Jiading and Jiangyin were later republished by anti-Qing authors to win support in the leadup to the 1911 Xinhai Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19982925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982925" title="Astragalus austiniae">
Astragalus austiniae

Astragalus austiniae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Austin's milkvetch. It is native to the Sierra Nevada of California and Nevada in the vicinity of Lake Tahoe. It is a plant of the alpine climate of the high mountains, where it tolerates exposed areas.
Description.
"Astragalus austiniae" is a dwarfed perennial herb forming small clumps in the rock litter no taller than about 11 centimeters. Stems and foliage are coated densely in cottony, silvery hairs. The leaves are up to 5 centimeters long and are made up of several keeled oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is a woolly headlike cluster of 4 to 14 pink or purple-tinted white pealike flowers each around a centimeter long. 
The fruit is a woolly legume pod less than a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="19982946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982946" title="2008 WTA Tour Championships – Singles">
2008 WTA Tour Championships – Singles

Justine Henin was the defending champion, but retired from the sport on May 14, 2008.
Venus Williams won in the final 6–7(5), 6–0, 6–2, against Vera Zvonareva.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Elena Dementieva "(Semifinals)
<li> Svetlana Kuznetsova "(Round Robin)
<li> Venus Williams (Champion)
<li> Vera Zvonareva "(Final)
Alternates.
<ol start="2">
<li> Nadia Petrova "(Round Robin, Replaced S.Williams)
Draw.
White Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Maroon Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19982962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982962" title="Zwang Peak">
Zwang Peak

Zwang Peak is a mountain in the Diablo Range, 8 miles southwest of Avenal, and about 12 miles from Interstate 5 in Kings County, California. Its summit is at an elevation of 3,081 feet. The peak was named for cattle rancher Jake Zwang (1880–1968), who came to the area in 1906 to start a cattle ranch southwest of Avenal. Garza Creek has its source near this peak.

</doc>
<doc id="19982990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982990" title="Paolo Caccia Dominioni">
Paolo Caccia Dominioni

Paolo Caccia Dominioni, 14th Baron of Sillavengo (14 May 1896 – 12 August 1992) was an Italian soldier, engineer and writer, most noted for his leadership in the North Africa Campaign in World War II. 
Caccia Dominioni was born in Nerviano, Lombardy. During his engineer's career in prewar Egypt, he developed a deep friendship with the Belgian expatriate Vladimir Peniakoff – later to be known as Popsky, creator and leader of a World War II SAS special unit nicknamed Popsky Private Army (PPA) – with whom he toured the Libyan and Egyptian desert: the same desert that would see few years later the two friends facing each others as enemies when World War II broke out. Caccia Dominioni fought in the First World War, the Libyan Campaign, and the War in Ethiopia, and finally, after having been assigned to Military Intelligence, he was given command in 1942 as a major of the 31st Guastatori (Engineer) Battalion on the El Alamein front until the defeat of the Axis forces in North Africa. 
He joined the resistance against Benito Mussolini in Italy, was arrested by the Italian Militia and the Gestapo, who released him as an officer decorated personally by Erwin Rommel. His book on the Italian Campaign in North Africa, "Alamein 1933-1962", was translated into English and published by Allen & Unwin in 1986 as "Alamein 1933-1962: An Italian Story". Caccia Dominioni devoted his postwar career to the retrieving of soldiers' corpses on the Alamein battlefield and the design and construction of a cemetery and a memorial building, located on a particular spot on the Alamein battleground named "Quote 33", where – thanks to his 20 years of efforts – thousands of Italian, German and British unknown fallen soldiers were eventually identified and received a proper burial. 
He died in Rome in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19982994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19982994" title="Hoist (mining)">
Hoist (mining)

In underground mining a hoist or winder is used to raise and lower conveyances within the mine shaft. Modern hoists are normally powered using electric motors, historically with direct current drives utilizing solid-state converters (thyristors), however modern large hoists utilize alternating current drives that are variable frequency controlled. There are three principal types of hoists used in mining applications:
Drum hoist.
Drum hoists are the most common type of hoist used in North America, South Africa and South America. When using a drum hoist the hoisting cable is wound around the drum when the conveyance is lifted. Single-drum hoists can be used in smaller applications, however double-drum hoists easily allow the hoisting of two conveyances in balance (i.e. one skip being lifted while a second skip is being lowered). Drum hoists are mounted on concrete within a hoistroom, the hoisting ropes run from the drum, up to the top of the headframe, over a sheave wheel and down where they connect to the conveyance (cage or skip).
Advantages.
Drum hoists require less routine maintenance than a friction hoist, because the haulage cable is fixed to the drum, and therefore have less downtime, and the maintenance regime is less sophisticated. Drum hoists can continue to operate if the shaft bottom gets flooded and less shaft depth is required below the loading pocket, unlike friction hoists where such flooding could cover the tail ropes etc. Because drum hoists do not have tail ropes, the hoisting system is more suited to slinging beneath a conveyance.
Disadvantages.
Drum hoists take up more space than a friction hoist for the same service as all of the haulage cable must be accommodated on the drum when the hoist is fully raised. Drum hoists require rapid fluctuations in power demand, which can pose a problem if power is generated on site rather than provided through the main power grid.
Friction hoist.
Friction (or Koepe) hoists are the most common type of hoist used in Europe, Asia and Australia. The friction hoist was invented in 1877 by Frederick Kope. Friction hoists are mounted on the ground above the mine shaft, or at the top of the headframe. Friction hoists utilize tail ropes and counterweights and do not have the haulage rope fixed to the wheel, but instead passed around it. The tailropes and weights offset the need for the motor to overcome the weight of the conveyance and hoisting rope, thereby reducing the required horsepower of the hoisting motor by up to 30%, with the overall power consumption remaining the same. Friction hoists, unlike drum hoists, can and normally do use multiple ropes giving them a larger payload capacity, however since they require a larger safety factor, they are impractical for very deep shafts.
Advantages.
New friction hoists are less expensive than new drum hoists, and the lead time for delivery may be shorter as there is more competition for manufacturing. Multi-rope friction hoists have a larger lift capacity than a drum hoist. A friction hoist is smaller in diameter than a drum hoist for the same service, making it easier to ship and install than a drum hoist.
Disadvantages.
Balanced friction hoists are not suitable for hoisting from multiple loading pockets on different horizons within a shaft, and are generally not suitable for deep shafts. Friction hoists can not operate at normal speeds if the shaft bottom is flooded and water reaches the tail ropes.
Blair multi-rope hoist.
The Blair multi-rope hoist is a variation of the double-drum hoist. It is used in extremely deep shafts as the second drums cable are used to balance the primary load.

</doc>
<doc id="19983007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983007" title="Vehicle registration plates of the Maldives">
Vehicle registration plates of the Maldives

The Maldives requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates.

</doc>
<doc id="19983017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983017" title="2008 WTA Tour Championships – Doubles">
2008 WTA Tour Championships – Doubles

Cara Black and Liezel Huber were the defending champions, and won in the final 6–1, 7–5, against Květa Peschke and Rennae Stubbs.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Květa Peschke / Rennae Stubbs "(Final)
<li> Anabel Medina Garrigues / Virginia Ruano Pascual "(Semifinals)

</doc>
<doc id="19983031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983031" title="Spherosome">
Spherosome


</doc>
<doc id="19983060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983060" title="Sergio G. Sánchez">
Sergio G. Sánchez

Sergio Gutiérrez Sánchez is a Spanish director and screenwriter. 
Sánchez has written and directed his own screenplays for short films such as "Temporada baja" (2003) and "7337" (2000).
Sánchez's first film script was for "The Orphanage" in 1996. Sánchez originally wanted to direct the script but he was repeatedly turned down by various Spanish production companies. While Sánchez was working on the short film "7337", he met with director Juan Antonio Bayona and offered him the script to direct. "The Orphanage" was a large hit and Sánchez was nominated for Best Screenplay at the 2008 Goya Awards in Spain.
In May 2009, "Variety" reported that Sánchez would re-team up with "The Orphanage" director Juan Antonio Bayona, on a production by Madrid-based Apaches Entertainment, Telecinco Cinema, and Spongeman, Bayona's own Barcelona-based label. Sánchez completed a first-draft screenplay in late April.
The film, called "The Impossible", was filmed in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19983066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983066" title="Ángel Rosario Cabada">
Ángel Rosario Cabada

Ángel Rosario Cabada (1872–1921) was an agrarian leader whose name was given to the town of Ángel R. Cabada and the municipality of Ángel R. Cabada, in the Veracruz state of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19983068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983068" title="Gregory Doran">
Gregory Doran

Gregory Doran (born 1958) is a British director known for his Shakespearean work. The Sunday Times called him 'one of the great Shakespearians of his generation'.
Doran is currently Artistic Director of the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC), succeeding Michael Boyd in September 2012. In an interview, announcing his appointment, Doran said that whilst Boyd had concentrated on the 'Company', he would be concentrating on the 'Shakespeare' in the Royal Shakespeare Company logo.
His notable productions include a production of "Macbeth" starring Antony Sher, which was filmed for Channel 4 in 2001, as well as "Hamlet" in 2008, starring David Tennant and Patrick Stewart.
Background.
Doran was born in Huddersfield, but his family moved to Lancashire when he was six months old. He was educated at Preston Catholic College.
He attended Bristol University studying English and Drama, where he set up his own theatre company with fellow student Chris Grady, presenting Shakespeare and related classics. He then trained as an actor at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. He received an honorary doctorate from Bristol University in July 2011 and an Honorary Degree from the University of Warwick' in July 2013.
Career.
Doran left the Bristol Old Vic School early having been invited to direct "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at Jamestown Community College in upstate New York. He then went to Nottingham Playhouse as an actor, before becoming Assistant Director then Associate Director, directing his own productions including "Waiting for Godot", and "Long Day's Journey into Night".
After a very brief acting career in TV, he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1987 initially as an actor (as Solanio in "The Merchant of Venice" and Octavius Caesar in "Julius Caesar") then became Assistant Director the following season.
He directed his first RSC production in 1992, commissioning Derek Walcott to write an adaptation of Homer's "Odyssey" which was performed at The Other Place.
In 1995 he directed his partner Antony Sher as Titus Andronicus at the Market Theatre, Johannesburg, South Africa. This controversial production, which toured to the National Theatre, is the subject of their book, "Woza Shakespeare!"
He returned to the RSC in 1996, becoming an Associate Director, and directing Jane Lapotaire, Ian Hogg and Paul Jesson in "All is True" (or "Henry VIII"), his first Shakespeare for the company.
Since then, Doran has directed over half the canon of Shakespeare's plays for the RSC.
Non-RSC productions.
Doran has directed various productions outside the RSC including:
TV.
Doran contributed to Michael Wood's BBC series "In Search of Shakespeare", and filmed a documentary for BBC Four called "A Midsummer Night's Dreaming".
Books.
In 2009, Doran's "Shakespeare Almanac" was published.
Personal life.
He and frequent collaborator Sir Antony Sher have been together since 1987, and entered into a civil partnership in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19983072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983072" title="List of people associated with the Revolt of the Brotherhoods">
List of people associated with the Revolt of the Brotherhoods

This is a list of figures who participated in the Revolt of the Brotherhoods, an antiseigneurial uprising in the Kingdom of Valencia in the Crown of Aragon. The "Germanies" (Catalan for "brotherhoods") were guilds who came to govern the city of Valencia in 1519, and eventually spread over the Kingdom. Their spread, however, also became a violent turn against the government which had previously tolerated and supported them, and war lasted until 1522.
Royalists.
King Charles I.
King Charles I of Castile and Aragon (1500–1558), elected Holy Roman Emperor Charles V in 1519, was the head of the Aragonese state. He only succeeded the throne upon King Ferdinand of Aragon's death in 1516, and knew none of the languages of Spain at first. An eighteen-year-old Charles visited Aragon from May 1518–January 1520 to be formally crowned King and negotiate with the Aragonese "cortes" over tax rights. As a poorer country, Charles demanded less from Aragon than Castile, and taxes were not a major factor in the Revolt of the "Germanies" (unlike the Revolt of the Comuneros of Castile). Charles issued the edicts allowing the "Germanies" to arm themselves against the Barbary pirates, a decision that would later haunt him.
In 1520, Charles left Spain for Germany to take up his position as Holy Roman Emperor, leaving Cardinal Adrian of Utrecht as regent of his Spanish possessions. As such, he only communicated with the leadership of Aragon and Valencia via letter during the Revolt. Adrian visited Valencia once to assess the situation in 1519, but left concluding the problems could be solved amicably.
Diego Hurtado de Mendoza.
Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, (1468–1536), the second son of Cardinal Mendoza and Mencia de Lemos was born and raised in the castle of Manzanares el Real. Mendoza was a veteran of the Reconquista and the Italian Wars; he distinguished himself in the taking of Melito, and was appointed Count of Mélito as a reward in 1506.
In 1520, he was appointed viceroy of Valencia, and went to the city of Valencia to rule. A Castilian, he proved a controversial choice, and he immediately provoked the residents of Valencia by siding with the nobles in refusing to seat the representatives elected by the people. His palace was attacked, but barely held after two hours of assault. Mendoza and the other nobles realized that the city was lost, and retreated the countryside. He raised an army, but was defeated by the army of the "Germanies" at the battle of Gandia on July 23, 1521. However, the rebellion was eventually defeated by other royalist-sympathetic generals, and he returned to the city of Valencia in November 1521. He acted with moderation toward the defeated, not seeking to cause another revolt. With the arrival of Germaine of Foix in 1523, however, punishment against the agermanats intensified until a pardon in December 1524.
Germaine of Foix.
Germaine of Foix (1488–1538) was a French princess and Ferdinand II of Aragon's second wife. Her son conceived by Ferdinand, the Infante Juan, died shortly after childbirth in 1509; The Hidden would later claim to be Juan come back to reclaim his kingdom against the foreign usurpers, as if Juan had lived, he would have inherited the Crown of Aragon rather than Charles.
Germaine left for Germany with her step-grandson Charles in 1520, and there she was married to the German margrave Johann of Brandenburg-Ansbach. She only returned to Spain in 1523, when she was appointed Viceroy of Valencia, replacing Diego Hurtado de Mendoza. She favored a harsher policy of repression against the rebels, but also was the one to sign the pardon ending the repression in December 1524.
Agermanats.
The "agermanats" () were members of the "Germanies" and later, as the revolt expanded, anyone who sided with the rebels rather than only actual guild members.
Joan Llorenç.
Joan Llorenç () (1458–1520) was one of the most important leaders of the "Germanies" during the first phase of the revolt, when warfare had not yet broken out. Llorenç sought to expand the role the guilds played in the city and to counterbalance noble power. The nobility were widely disliked as they had often abused their power and acted above the law, with the government doing little against them. Llorenç and the Council of Thirteen practically ran the city of Valencia until the new viceroy, Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, arrived. One of the compromises that Llorenç tried to broker was the addition of two representatives to the governing council of Valencia elected by the people. The two candidates affiliated with the "Germanies" won, while all candidates supported by the nobles lost. Afterward, the nobility refused to admit the "Germanies" representatives, and the new Viceroy backed them. This, and the death of the popular Guillén Castleví (known under the nickname "Sorolla") caused riots in the city that ended the royal administration. Llorenç did not live long enough to see guide the continuing revolt, as he died in 1520. 
Vicente Peris.
Vicente Peris (1478–1522) was a radical leader of the revolt who came to prominence after the death of Joan Llorenç. Peris saw the revolution as a wider social revolution against the nobility, and aggressively attacked them. He also legitimized the anti-Muslim stance of many rebels into the "Germanies" government, and intensified their repression.
Peris obtained two great initial military successes. He conquered the castle of Xàtiva on July 14, 1521 and then defeated the forces of Viceroy Diego Hurtado de Mendoza at the battle of Gandia, on July 23 a week later. Under his command, the agermanats looted the town and farmland of the Gandia region, and undertook a campaign of forced baptisms upon all the Muslims of the Safor. 
However, Peris was unable to control dissent and disagreement about the next course of action among the "Germanies". The royal government won a great victory at the battle of Oriola. Peris remained fortified at Xàtiva's castle for half a year, waiting in vain for the situation to improve. On the night of February 18, 1522, Peris returned to the city of Valencia hoping to reignite the rebellion, but was captured by the royalist troops after a night battle. He was executed on March 3, 1522.
The Hidden.
The Hidden (, , "The Hidden/Shrouded ") (d. 1522) was the mysterious and charismatic leader of the remnants of the agermanats in the third phase of the revolt in 1522. Also called "The Hidden King" (, ), he claimed to be a prince hidden for his own safety now showing himself to save Spain from ruin. His true name is unknown.
Several versions, all quite dubious to modern historians, exist for his origin. According to the claims and rumors circulated by his supporters, he was raised in Gibraltar by a shepherd, hidden by Archbishop Cisneros for the country's own good and unaware of his true nature as a great noble of some kind. Several versions of his claim existed. In one version, he was Prince Juan, the son of Ferdinand and his second wife Germaine who died at birth; this would make him the true ruler of Aragon (if not Castile). For this to be correct, however, The Hidden would have been 12 years old when he joined the revolt, as Prince Juan was born and died in 1509. Slightly more plausible was the claim that he was the (officially) stillborn child of John of Castile and Margaret of Austria. John was another child of Ferdinand and Isabella's, and furthermore older than his sister Joanna and male, which would have made The Hidden Charles I's cousin and the true successor to the throne, as Charles descended from Joanna's claim. According to the government, he was actually a Jewish trickster returning from exile in Oran to stir up trouble.
Under The Hidden, the revolt emphasized Valencian sovereignty rather than the widespread revolution that Peris had. He attracted support and recruited from local country elites, leaders, and rich farmers. In this phase, the "Germanies" area of action limited itself to the Horta of Valencia, Alzira, and Xàtiva. Farms were looted, castles assaulted, and any Muslims in their domain were forced to convert.
Realizing that the revolt had not yet been solved, the royalist government placed a gigantic bounty on the head of The Hidden. Sure enough, he was murdered by two of his supporters eager for money in Burjassot on May 19, 1522. Many others soon sprang up claiming to be The Hidden, but none proved charismatic enough to take over leadership of the "Germanies".

</doc>
<doc id="19983096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983096" title="Bettō">
Bettō

Religious use of the term.
A "bettō" was a monk who performed Buddhist rites at shrines and jingūji (shrines part of a temple) before the "shinbutsu bunri", the Meiji period law that forbade the mixing of Shinto and Buddhism. A shrine had various "bettō", from the "seibettō" (head monk) to the "shūri bettō" (monk in charge of repairs). Those not associated with religious duties were called "zoku bettō". Among the shrines that appointed "bettō" are Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū, Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū, and Hakone Jinja. They were particularly common at Hachiman and gongen shrines, and their mandate lasted three or six years.

</doc>
<doc id="19983119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983119" title="Bucolome">
Bucolome

Bucolome (Paramidine) is a barbiturate derivative. Unlike most barbiturates it does not have any significant sedative or hypnotic effects, but instead acts as an analgesic and antiinflammatory. It also acts as a CYP2C9 inhibitor and reduces the metabolism of several commonly used drugs, which makes it useful for potentiating or extending the duration of action of those drugs, or reducing the production of unwanted metabolites.

</doc>
<doc id="19983134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983134" title="Old Government House, Parramatta">
Old Government House, Parramatta

Old Government House is a former "country" residence of 10 early governors of New South Wales, located in Parramatta Park in Parramatta, New South Wales, now a suburb of Sydney. It is considered a property of national and international significance as an archaeological resource. It also serves to demonstrate how the British Empire expanded and Australian society has evolved since 1788. 
In July 2010 Old Government House and Domain was inscribed on the World Heritage List as one of 11 Australian sites with a significant association with convict transportation (i.e. the Australian Convict Sites) which together represent "the best surviving examples of large-scale convict transportation and the colonial expansion of European powers through the presence and labour of convicts"
The land the property is situated on is named "Darug" land, home to the Burramatta tribe. There is evidence of Aboriginal occupation on the site, such as middens.
Original Government House.
The abode of the first Governor of New South Wales, Captain Arthur Phillip, was a structure made of canvas and timber brought from England with the First Fleet and erected in January 1788. After establishing the site of the settlement, a substantial "temporary" government house was located on the corner of what is now Bridge St and Phillip Street, Sydney. It was built under the direction of James Bloodsworth, a convict builder responsible for the construction of most of the colony's buildings between 1788 and 1800. This building, the first "permanent" building in Sydney, was completed by 1789 using English bricks, native stone and a quantity of convict baked sandstock bricks from the Sydney region. 
This first government house was extended and repaired by the following eight Governors, but was generally in poor condition and was vacated when the Governor relocated to the new building in 1845, and was demolished in 1846. The house suffered as a result of the poor mortar (made from the lime of crushed sea shells), white ant infestations, and what appeared to be rising damp in later years. Despite these problems, the house was an architectural milestone for Australia, and the first proportionately classical building in the continent. It even included Australia's first staircase. 
The building was adapted quickly to the Australian climate. A verandah was added by Governor King circa 1800, and a drawing room was added in a side wing in the same year. By 1816 Francis Greenway was commissioned to construct a substantial extension and ballroom by Governor Macquarie, transforming Phillip's house into an Italianate cottage. 
The house was finally demolished in 1845/46, and the site remained virtually untouched until the 1980s, when a proposal to build a new high rise office tower on the site was made. Following representations to the NSW Government by concerned members of the newly formed Friends of the First Government House Site, construction was deferred to allow archaeologists to explore the area. The well-preserved foundations of First Government House were located in 1983 and excavated over the following months; providing a priceless insight into the early years of our nation.
The tower was redesigned to preserve the historic foundations and incorporate them into the design of a new museum. When it was commissioned, the project was called the "First Government House Museum". Whilst the museum building was being built in November 1993, the New South Wales Minister for the Arts announced that the museum would be known as the "Museum of Sydney on the Site of First Government House", described in the press at the time as a "mouthful" and commonly contracted to Museum of Sydney. The change of name attracted protests.
Major General Lachlan Macquarie (Governor 1810–1821) was responsible for prompting the construction of many of the colony's first permanent public buildings, and he attempted to build a replacement for the original Sydney Government House. Work on this was started by the convict architect Francis Greenway, but the project was not approved by the British government, and only the castle-like stables, commissioned in 1816, were ever finished. These stables still stand in the Royal Botanic Gardens and form a facade for the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. The building is best described as a small castle and retains many of its original features and nostalgic battlements and towers. Much of the "Governor's Domain" to the east of the original house has survived today as the adjacent areas of parkland known as The Domain, the Botanic Gardens, and also the gardens of today's Government House, adjacent to the Sydney Opera House.
Second Government House.
The desperate search for farmland suitable to sustain crops to feed the new colony led to the establishment of the township of Parramatta and, in 1790, Governor Arthur Phillip built a second residence for himself there. This cottage, as with many of the settlement's earliest structures, was not robustly constructed,and fell into disrepair, being demolished by 1799. However, a precedent for a "country residence" for the Governor had been set. Other country residences of the Governor included a cottage constructed at Windsor overlooking the Hawkesbury River (circa 1790) and a residence at Port Macquarie (circa 1821) of which the ruins are still visible.
The poor quality of the original Sydney Government House, as well as crime and unsanitary conditions in the growing Sydney settlement convinced successive Governors of the desirability of a rural residence. In 1799 the second Governor, John Hunter, had the remains of Arthur Phillip's cottage cleared away, and a more permanent building erected on the same site.
Later, starting in 1815, Governor Lachlan Macquarie and Mrs Macquarie added extensively to Hunter's structure and by 1818 their principal residence had acquired the appearance which it retains today (the building's Palladian style extensions were designed by Macquarie's aide, Lieutenant John Watts).
Out buildings in the Governor's Domain include a mutilated Bath House attributed to Francis Greenway (1822), some stones from an Observatory built for Governor Thomas Brisbane (1821) and a small farm house built by George Salter in 1798–1806 and acquired and extended by Governor Lachlan Maquarie in 1816 for use as a dairy.
"Old Government House" is furnished in the style of the early 1820s and is open to visitors. It is situated at Parramatta on of parkland overlooking the Parramatta River, and is Australia's oldest public building. The grounds are of particular interest as they are a relatively undisturbed colonial-era reserve surrounded by what is now Australia's largest urban area. The practice of "firestick" land management conducted by the aboriginal Darug tribe, which once dwelt in the area, is evident from certain scars to be seen on trees still standing (their bark being removed to build canoes). Also, shells used to strengthen the mortar used in the House's construction have been found to originate from Aboriginal middens.
Old Government House and Government Domain were included in the Australian National Heritage List on 1 August 2007.
Architecture.
Standing within of Parramatta Park, Old Government House is Australia’s oldest public building. In 1799, the central block of the house was built by Governor John Hunter, however the current appearance of Old Government House is mainly due to Governor Macquarie and his wife. It is an example of a direct translation of English building forms to Australia, containing the only example of eighteenth century English joinery in Australia at such a high standard. Shells from Aboriginal middens in the area were used to produce lime for mortar used in construction.
World Heritage Listing.
In July 2010, at the 34th session of the UNESCO World Heritage Committee, Old Government House and Domain, as well as ten other Australian sites with a significant association with convict transportation, were inscribed as a group on the World Heritage List as the Australian Convict Sites. The listing explains that the 11 sites present "the best surviving examples of large-scale convict transportation and the colonial expansion of European powers through the presence and labour of convicts". Of the 11 sites the Hyde Park Barracks, Old Great North Road and Cockatoo Island are also within the Sydney region. At the time of nomination, on 12 January 2007, Old Government House was described as a "powerful symbol of the colony of New South Wales, the inter-connections with convict sites in other colonies, and the development of the nation."

</doc>
<doc id="19983148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983148" title="Once a Sinner">
Once a Sinner

Once a Sinner is a 1950 British drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="19983153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19983153" title="Gamescom">
Gamescom

Gamescom (stylized as gamescom) is a trade fair for video games held annually at the Koelnmesse in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is organised by the Bundesverband Interaktive Unterhaltungssoftware (English: Federal Association of Interactive Entertainment Software). It is used by many video game developers to show off their upcoming games and game-related hardware.
Gamescom is Europe's largest gaming event, (measured by exhibition space and number of visitors) with 340,000 visitors, more than 6,000 journalists and 635 exhibitors from 88 countries attending the show in its fifth year. Gamescom is the second largest gaming convention in the world after Asia Game Show in terms of total attendance. It was first held from 19 to 23 August 2009. In 2013, Gamescom was held from 21 August to 25 August.
Gamescom 2009.
Notable press conferences.
Wednesday, 18 August:
Thursday, 19 August:
Notable announcements.
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe announced the PlayStation 3 Slim, a smaller and lighter model of the console and a release date of 1 September 2009. Firmware 3.0 for the PlayStation 3 was also announced, adding new features to the PlayStation Network. Sony announced that the European Video Store would launch in November 2009. Sony also announced that the PlayStation Portable would get smaller games (under 100mb) in the form of 'minis' and that comics would also be available to download in December 2009. A "free game" registration promotion was announced for the PSP Go.
Microsoft Game Studios announced "Fable III", along with a release date of 2010. Also, Microsoft announced their intention to release "Fable II" on the Xbox Live Marketplace in five episodes, the first of which will be free to download.
Media coverage.
While most press conferences were not available for live streaming, Electronic Arts was streaming its press conference on EA.com. Sony Computer Entertainment Europe also showcased its press conference on its online community-based service PlayStation Home shortly afterwards. Sony also made its press conference available for download on the PlayStation Store. Various gaming websites offered live-blogging of the respective press conferences.
Gamescom 2010.
Notable announcements.
The two main announcements from this GamesCom came from Insomniac Games, who announced two sequels from two of their franchises: "", by revealing some gameplay from the game, and "Resistance 3", via a live action teaser trailer. These games will be exclusive to the PlayStation 3. "All 4 One" has a set release date as late 2011, while "Resistance 3" did not have a release date.
Game Developers Conference Europe.
The Game Developers Conference Europe (GDC Europe), a European spinoff of the Game Developers Conference, is held annually in conjunction with the Gamescom and takes place at the Cologne Congress Centre East.

</doc>
