<doc id="19841690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841690" title="Boise State Broncos tennis">
Boise State Broncos tennis

The Boise State Broncos tennis program represents Boise State University in the Mountain West Conference. The program has a long history, several notable accomplishments and has several notable alumni.
Notable former tennis players.
Former BSU Tennis players that have become notable outside of tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19841703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841703" title="List of people from Sevenoaks">
List of people from Sevenoaks

Sevenoaks is a town in Kent, England. The following is a list of those people who were either born, live or lived in the town, or had some important contribution to make to it.
Notable people from Sevenoaks.
__NOTOC__
J.
Peter James Jennings (1982 - ) Architect

</doc>
<doc id="19841708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841708" title="Emai people">
Emai people

The Emai people are a group of people that inhabit a sizable part of Afenmai land in the northwest Edo state of Nigeria. They are a people of Edo extraction currently scattered around the Owan River. Emai territory is bounded on the south by Erah, on the west by Ora, on the east by Ihievbe and on the north by the peoples of Uokha and Ake. All of these groups of people are bounded by ancestry to a common founder, a person called Imah. 
Early history and migration.
Imah (or Imaran) was believed to be born to an Ubini, Prince Kuoboyuwa, around the fourteenth century AD (circa 1415). His father was the eldest son of Oba Ewuare and heir apparent to the throne. Young Imah, emotionally shattered by the sudden death of his father, found life miserable in the palace household, and with his grandfather's blessing decided to migrate with his immediate family.
The young troubled prince found a home at Ugboha (a word meaning "near home" or "by the okha tree") close to the present-day ancient town of Uokha. The Uokha people, also of Ubini extraction, are located near the Kukuruku Hills of what is today Ihievbe-Ogben town close to Edoland. The area is believed to have been unclaimed and uninhabited at that period of time. Amidst this thickly dense forestation Imah made a home for his family. It came to be called Eko-Imah or Ehe-Imah which means "Imah's camp" or "Imah's place." Over time this was corrupted to Emai (meaning "our own" or "our land is good").
At one time the place was dominated by the okha trees common in the Nigerian Guinea savannah belt. Imah is said to have been cured mysteriously by one of these trees when he was ill, thus giving the town of Uokha its name. This is the origin of the Eseokhai festival, commemorating the trees that had given Imah both refuge on his journey and a cure for his ailment.
Imah was survived by a son, Uzuanbi. In his old age Imah decided to return to the land of his ancestors in Ubini, leaving Uzuanbi and his family behind. Shortly afterward, word reached Uzuanbi of the death of his father in Ubini. This forced Uzuanbi to return to Ubini to perform his father's burial rites. On the completion of these rites he returned with two wives, Odidi and Oron. While Odidi had three children, Oron was reportedly barren. The children of Odidi were Owunno, Oruamen and Urle.
Today the people of Emai occupy the towns of Uanhumi, Ovbiwun, Afuze, Eteye, Ogute, Evbiamen, Evbiamen Ugboha, Okpohunmi, Ojavun and Ojavun-Ago. Due to the need for expansion and the growing population of the Emai people they were forced to move southward, which resulted in clashes with neighboring clans. An example is the famous skirmish with the people of Erah which ensued in a war; this memory remains as the famous war of "Ogodo bi Isagua" (meaning "war of mud and death") which forced the Erah people to move further south. This war was mainly fought by the descendants of Urle and Erah while the movement of Ogute from Emai-Ugbowa led to the expulsion of the Uhonmora Ora peoples and the founding of Ogute and Ago Ojavun to the Eme-ora borders.
Emai kingship and leadership.
In keeping with Benin traditions, the people of Emai had the "odion evbo," which was the oldest man from the oldest town (Uanhumi) to be their king. The discussion of the leadership tussle also throws more light upon the population increase and the reason why there was subsequent migration from Ugbokha.
During the burial rites of his father in Ubini, it is believed that Uzuanbi had an affair with the wife of another man and she bore a male son who was in fact his eldest child. This child suffered considerable hostilities as regards acceptability and difficulty in effectively winning the leadership support of Owunno, whose descendants are today Evbiamen, Okpohumi and Ojavun. He left his descendants to be supported only by Urle, who are today Eteye and Afuze. This would make the people of Uanhumi, Afuze and Eteye to be the first to leave the parent settlement of Emai-Ugbowa.
The reason for the skirmish was the fact that Owunno refused to accept the seniority of Uanhumi who was supported by his brother Urle. This is the reason why Uanhumi and the people of Urle had to leave and remained close to each other.
Traditionally, the oldest man in Uanhumi is the Ode of Emai Regent King and is known to choose his speaker or prime minister from Uze, a tradition that existed till the late 18th century. Due to the emergence of colonial rule and the use of traditional rulers as district officers for the purposes of tax collection by the British colonial government, the prime minister usurped the position of Ode of Emai from Uanhumi, which was presumably weak and small in size at the time.
Since every town had its cults regarding the rights to ascension of positions, this right was at that time left exclusively to Uanhumi, but today the descendants of Urle of the Uze (now called "Afuze") and Eteye lineage have succeeded in ruling effectively. Though the most revered and oldest of deities is still at Uanhumi, the throne was lost to the Afuze who have produced four heirs to the throne as Oloje of Emai.
The people of Ovbiowun to this day have a parallel kingship known as Oloje of Ovbiowun and celebrate their separate festival of Ese-Okhai, meaning "benefits from the okah tree."
Today there exists only one way to have common consensus: if only the powerful rulers of Urle and the rest of Emai are magnanimous enough to unite the Eije Cult (the cult of chiefs) with the aim of a single ruling hierarchy. This remains to be seen. The right to kingship is extended to all male children at birth who are unarguably descendants of Imah and are capable of obeying and participating in the princely duties of the Eije Cults.
Language.
The language of the Emai finds most of its words from its parent Benin language of Edoid classification and the neighboring tribes of Ora, Ihievbe, Uokha and Yoruba.
Emai beliefs and culture.
The Emai people practice animism and indigenous worship of ancestors, as well as Christianity.
Emai contributions to Nigeria.
Emai is the dominant tribe in Owan East Local Government Area of Edo State Nigeria. It has produced leaders for Nigeria and Edo in all spheres of life, including education, politics, health care, industry and the Nigerian armed forces.
Emai people abroad.
Many Emai citizens live abroad in countries such as the United States, countries in Europe, and other parts of the globe.
Emai children have various unions. They include Emai union worldwide with branches in Lagos, Gothenburg, London and New York and other umbrella organizations.
Emai people are specific to the Coventry Group area of Mount Redcliffe whereby their illustrious leader Col. Finny Finster rules them harshly with a big stick. Changes are imminent though, for Col. Finster is due to take a leave of absence in order to cleanse the demon Koo-ndo-ola from his midst

</doc>
<doc id="19841709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841709" title="Désert">
Désert

Désert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19841721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841721" title="James Gleeson (bishop)">
James Gleeson (bishop)

James William Gleeson (24 December 1920 – 21 March 2000) was an Australian clergyman and the sixth Archbishop of Adelaide. He was the first South Australian priest to become Archbishop of Adelaide.
Early life.
James William Gleeson was born on 24 December 1920 in Balaklava, north of Adelaide in South Australia. He his early education in Balaklava, attending a Josephite school before going to boarding school at Sacred Heart College in Somerton Park, South Australia, a Marist Brothers college. Gleeson's studies for the priesthood were undertaken at Corpus Christi College in Werribee, Victoria, and he was ordained by Archbishop Matthew Beovich in Adelaide's St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on 24 July 1945. After serving as an assistant priest in the cathedral parish for a year, Beovich sent Gleeson to a teacher's college in Melbourne for a year, and in 1952 appointed him Director of Catholic Education for the archdiocese. In 1958, Gleeson received Queen's Birthday Honours, becoming a companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG). Cited for the award was his work with young people, both as Director of Catholic Education and through his participation with organisations dealing with the education and welfare of students.
Episcopacy.
After suffering a period of bad health, in November 1956 Matthew Beovich requested that he receive an auxiliary archbishop. Pope Pius XII appointed Gleeson to the position, and he was consecrated by Beovich on 21 May 1957, becoming Adelaide's first South Australian ordinary. To Gleeson, Beovich delegated responsibility for Catholic Action movements and Catholic radio and television, and he eventually came to chair a number of diocesan committees and councils. The Archbishop also tasked him with the ordination of new priests and parish visitation. However, the most important parts of the diocesian administration, such as financial and policy matters, remained under Beovich's control.
In July 1964, Gleeson was appointed coadjutor archbishop, in effect naming him as Beovich's successor. Beovich retired on 1 May 1971, making Gleeson the first South Australian priest to become Archbishop of Adelaide.
On 20 March 2000, Archbishop Gleeson died as the result of a heart attack. His funeral was held at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. The Catholic school Gleeson College is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19841754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841754" title="Fashion Island (Thailand)">
Fashion Island (Thailand)

Fashion Island is a shopping mall located on Ramintra Road, in Khan Na Yao district outskirt of Bangkok, Thailand. Some of the anchors are
The shopping mall also features an amusement park with a monorail circling around the mall. It is 1.4 km in length and has 4 stations. The amusement park and monorail were both shut down after an accident. On 26 June 2002, a short circuit caused one train to catch fire. The train had no circuit breaker, and the passenger compartment was not protected by fireproof insulation. Two girls, 6 and 8 years old, died in the fire, and two more children were injured from jumping out of the train.

</doc>
<doc id="19841768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841768" title="Texas Longhorns football under Mack Brown">
Texas Longhorns football under Mack Brown

William Mack Brown (born August 27, 1951) is head coach of the University of Texas Longhorn football team. Through 2008 the Texas Longhorns football team under Mack Brown have had a winning season for all eleven seasons since Brown took over the program for the 1998 season. As of 2008, they have won at least ten games in each of the past eight seasons; that is the longest active streak in the nation.
Brown's Longhorns won the 2005 National Championship and seven of their ten bowl games. In 2006 he was awarded the Paul "Bear" Bryant Award for "Coach of the Year".
Prior to coaching at Texas, Brown coached at Appalachian State, Tulane, and North Carolina. Brown is credited with revitalizing the Texas and North Carolina football programs.
Brown's move to Texas.
While Brown informed his North Carolina team and the media that he had no plans to leave North Carolina for the recently vacated job at the University of Texas, he was soon identified (over the objections of Longhorn Athletic Director DeLoss Dodds) by the Texas search committee as one of only two men they were interested in hiring. At the time, the Tar Heels had just completed their most successful season in years. The 1997 Tar Heels notched a 10–1 record—only the third 10-win regular season in school history. They were slated to appear in the Gator Bowl for the second year in a row—only their second (or third) New Year's Day bowl game since the Justice era. They were also all but assured of their highest final ranking in the AP Poll in half a century.
On December 2, 1997, Brown was contacted while at the ACC's football banquet in Atlanta. He agreed to meet with the hiring committee, which included Dodds, Texas coaching legend Darrell Royal, several former Texas players, and several important boosters, most notably Tom Hicks (owner of the Dallas Stars and Texas Rangers), who donated time, energy and the use of his private jet corps to the coaching search that also included an exploratory meeting with Northwestern's Gary Barnett in Chicago.
Brown met the committee on December 3 in the Four Seasons hotel in Atlanta.
The committee was impressed with Brown and Dodds offered him the job on the spot. The offer included a sizable pay raise to about $750,000 a year (which could climb to as high as $1 million with incentives), and a similar amount to recruit assistant coaches.
Brown tentatively accepted, but wanted to speak with North Carolina athletics director Dick Baddour and the North Carolina football team before making an official decision. The following day Brown met with Baddour, who had been told by the Chancellor to offer Brown a ten-year contract, as Brown relates in his autobiography:
Brown called Deloss Dodds to officially accept the head coaching position at the University of Texas on December 4, 1997 at 2:30 PM, then informed Dick Baddour of his decision fifteen minutes later. At 3:00 PM, Brown held a meeting with the Tar Heel players to inform them of his decision.
That Thursday night, Brown flew to Austin. He was introduced to an enthusiastic Longhorn crowd on Friday.
As a consequence of taking the Texas post, Brown was not on the sidelines during the Tar Heels' 42–3 rout of Virginia Tech in the 1998 Gator Bowl, having been replaced as head coach by defensive coordinator Carl Torbush. North Carolina credits the 1997 regular season to Brown and the Gator Bowl to Torbush.
Early seasons.
In his early years at UT, Mack Brown was sometimes referred to as "Coach February", a nickname that indicated he performed well during the important recruiting season, but failed to follow up with equally impressive wins on the field. His detractors felt that with all the resources at his disposal at Texas, combined with the talent he was recruiting from high school programs, that he should have more to show for it than appearances in the Holiday Bowl or Cotton Bowl Classic. They felt that he should be playing for Big 12 titles or even National Championships instead.
In five of the first eight seasons under Brown, the Longhorns were all but eliminated from either of these two goals due to losses in October to Big 12 rival Oklahoma. Since the two teams played in the same division of the Big 12, a loss by Texas to Oklahoma means that Texas could not win the south half of the conference unless Oklahoma lost at least two conference games. Brown did however lead the University of Texas to its second Big 12 Conference Championship game only to lose to a higher ranked Nebraska team which they had beaten earlier in the year. He also took the Longhorns to the 2001 Big 12 title game. In that year's campaign, the Longhorns lost to the Sooners but were given another chance when the Sooners lost to both Nebraska and Oklahoma State. Texas made it to the Big 12 Conference Championship Game, losing to Colorado, a school they had beaten by a substantial margin earlier in the year. Many felt that Texas would have played in the BCS Championship game had they beaten Colorado. A similar opportunity presented itself in 2002. After Oklahoma beat Texas, they lost to Texas A&M and Oklahoma State. However, Texas had suffered a loss to Texas Tech so they did not make the championship game.
In 2003, Texas finished the regular season with a 10-2 regular season record and most observers felt they had the resume to reach their first BCS bowl under Brown. However, when South Champion (and #1 ranked) Oklahoma lost to North Champion Kansas State in the Big 12 championship game, Kansas State received the Big 12 conference's automatic BCS bid as conference champion and joined Oklahoma in the BCS. The BCS rules specified that no more than 2 teams from a single conference could go. Texas was frozen out.
Although Brown consistently led the Longhorns to a bowl game to cap off each season, his first six years he was not able to lead them to a Bowl Championship Series game, having to settle each year for the Holiday Bowl or Cotton Bowl Classic. His record in these games was 3 and 3, with two of the 3 losses coming at the hands of supposedly inferior teams as judged by the rankings headed into the games.
2004 season.
In 2004, the Longhorns began the season with a #7 ranking nationally and started out with a 65-0 blowout of North Texas, setting several UT school records in the process. This was followed by a narrow 22-20 win against unranked Arkansas. They defeated Rice and Baylor 35-13 and 44-14 respectively.
This left them ranked fifth coming into the annual matchup with then #2 Oklahoma in the Red River Shootout. Oklahoma shut-out the Longhorns 12-0. Texas dropped to #9, before rebounding with wins over #24 Missouri 28-20, at #24 Texas Tech 51-21, and at Colorado 31-7.
Then Texas set a record for the largest come from-behind-win in school history, beating #19 Oklahoma State 56-35 after falling behind 7-35. After this performance, Texas again fell behind against Kansas but squeaked out a win 27-23. Kansas head coach Mark Mangino stirred up controversy by claiming that the officials were biased in favor of Texas.
The series of victories brought Texas back up to #5 in the rankings as they welcomed arch-rival Texas A&M to Austin and won 26-13. However, Oklahoma stood undefeated, which meant the Sooners would represent the Big 12 South in the Championship game against a much lower ranked team from the North Division. Once again, the loss to Oklahoma had kept Texas out of playing for a National or Conference Title, and had seemingly destined them to non-Bowl Championship Series bowl as well.
However, Brown began lobbying the voters in the two polls based on human voters (one on college football coaches, the other on Associated Press writers) to place the Longhorns high enough in the rankings to ensure they received a Bowl Championship Series (BCS) bowl-bid. The arcane rules of the BCS were such that Texas might get left out of the 8 chosen teams even though they ranked 5th nationally. Lobbying by Brown and his brother, et al., gave the Longhorns the sufficient swing votes they needed to make it into the Rose Bowl, one of the four BCS bowls. This lobbying effort and ensuing result led to criticism of Brown for playing politics to get his team into a top bowl.
The appearance in the "Grand-daddy" of all bowl games was the first visit by the Longhorns, due mainly to the fact that the Rose Bowl traditionally pitted the winner of the Pac-10 against the winner of the Big Ten. Texas' opponent was Michigan, whom Texas was playing for the very first time. Texas won the game 38-37 on a last second field goal kick by Longhorn Dusty Mangum in what had been called one of the greatest Rose Bowl games of all time.
Ironically, Brown followed up a strong 2004 season on the field with a less successful 2005 recruiting season. Brown, who long had been criticized for recruiting top talent but not achieving the highest possible results, began to receive criticism for missing out on top recruits, especially for missing out on quarterback Ryan Perrilloux, who ended up not following through on his verbal commitment to sign with Texas.
Despite the success of the 2004 season, Coach Brown's resume was still lacking a conference championship, let alone a national championship. The 2005 season offered an opportunity to add those credentials.
2005 season.
Save for redshirt Junior Quarterback Vince Young, many of Texas' key players from the previous season, including running back Cedric Benson, linebacker Derrick Johnson and tight end Bo Scaife, did not return for the 2005 season. However, Texas was given a pre-season #2 ranking (behind defending National Champions University of Southern California) by "Sports Illustrated" magazine, and was also ranked second in the AP and "USA Today" coaches pre-season polls.
Texas scored a decisive 45-12 victory over Oklahoma. That marked the 6th time the Longhorns have entered the contest ranked 2nd nationally, and they have won all six times. With the win, Texas started the season 5-0 for the first time since 1983. That was the last time UT had national title hopes, ending the regular season 11-0 before losing to Georgia in the Cotton Bowl Classic.
After the win over previously undefeated Texas Tech, Texas moved into first place in the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) standings for the first time since the BCS creation. The BCS formula, which takes into account strength of schedule, allowed Texas to advance in the rankings since they defeated a previously unbeaten team, while University of Southern California beat Washington, a 1-6 team.
Texas' place at the top of the BCS rankings lasted only one week. On October 29, Texas beat an Oklahoma State University Cowboys team that had struggled so far that season. Despite OSU's 0-5 start to conference play, Texas found themselves behind early in the game and for the third straight year, Texas found themselves trailing a lower-ranked Oklahoma State team at half-time. For the third straight year, Texas came from behind to win by a sizable margin. Vince Young set a school record for rushing yards in a game by a quarterback with 267, and accounted for 506 total yards of offense to lead the team to victory. Over the past 3 meetings between the two schools, the Longhorns outscored the Cowboys by a combined second-half score of 118 to 0.
Texas retained the top spot in the computer rankings, but not by enough to stay ahead of USC overall. After both teams won all their remaining games, USC and Texas were ranked 1 and 2, respectively; Texas then defeated USC 41-38 in the Rose Bowl, winning the National Championship.
On January 11, 2006, Brown was named the Paul "Bear" Bryant College Football Coach of the Year. Not since Darrell Royal's victory in 1963 has a coach from The University of Texas at Austin been given this honor. Voted by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association, this award not only affirms the talent, skills and vision of Coach Mack Brown but strengthens the athletic and academic record achieved during his UT tenure. Eighteen players on the 2006 Rose Bowl roster entered the game with the coursework for their college degree complete.
2006 season.
As the defending national champions, Texas began the season ranked #2 in the polls, but having to replace the NFL-departed quarterback Vince Young with freshman Colt McCoy. After winning their opener, the Longhorns in game two lost convincingly to #1 ranked Ohio State in Austin. The Horns rebounded to win seven straight (including a second straight win over nemesis Oklahoma) to climb into the Big 12 South driver's seat and entertain thoughts of a rematch with Ohio State in the national championship. However, in the season's 10th game, McCoy was injured and Texas was shocked on the road by Kansas State. After the loss, the Horns returned home still needing just one win to clinch the Big 12 South. However, even though McCoy returned Texas was again shocked, losing 12-7 to intrastate rival Texas A&M. The loss snapped UT's 6-game winning streak over the Aggies. Settling for the Alamo Bowl, Texas defeated a 6–6 Iowa team in a close game.
2007 season.
As Mack Brown entered his 10th season as the head coach of the Texas Longhorns he had a won/loss record of 93 22 and he had the best winning percentage (.809) of any coach in Longhorn history. The 2007 Texas Longhorn football team began play on September 1, 2007. Texas entered the 2007 season ranked third in the all-time list of both total wins and winning percentage. They are ranked in the Top 10 by numerous pre-season polls. For instance, a pre-season ranking by ESPN writer Mark Schlabach has the Longhorns ranked eighth; Rivals.com has them at ninth. College Football News and Real Football 365 both have the Longhorns ranked third. The Longhorns come into the season ranked fourth in both the Coaches Poll and AP Poll.
Prior to the season, two Longhorns were arrested for driving while intoxicated and will serve three-game suspensions; two other players were arrested on armed robbery charges and were removed from the team. Brown said “I am extremely disappointed that four of our student-athletes have had issues with the law this summer. That is not reflective of the high standard of class, character and integrity we have established at Texas for many years. It’s a shame that these recent events have generated a great deal of negative attention, because I do think that overall, this is as good of a group of kids that I’ve ever coached. I think that will show over time.”
For the second straight year, UT merchandise were the top-selling products among clients of Collegiate Licensing Company. UT is using part of the money to give Mack Brown a raise. The University of Texas Board of Regents voted unanimously to raise Brown's salary by $300,000. This brings his annual compensation to $2.81 million and keeps him among the five highest paid coaches in the sport. The package also includes up to $3 million in bonuses, including "$100,000 if he wins the Big 12 Championship and $450,000 if he wins this year's national championship, as well as bonuses based on the percent of players who graduate." Brown's contract is good through the 2016 season and includes buy-out clauses should another school attempt to hire Brown.
Texas won their first four games although three of them were closer than analysts had expected. Following that, Texas was upset by the Kansas State Wildcats 41–21. Kansas State had no turnovers and scored 21 points on defense and special teams. They scored one touchdown on a punt return, one on a kick return, and one on an interception. Previously, Texas had never allowed all three types of scores in a single season. The 41 points were the most scored against Texas in Austin since UCLA handed the Longhorns a 66–3 loss in 1997, and it was the worst home defeat in the Mack Brown era at Texas. Texas lost again the following week in the 2007 Red River Shootout, 28–21. With that loss, Texas opened conference play 0–2 for the first time since 1956, when they were in the Southwest Conference and one year before Darrell Royal became head coach of the Longhorns. In their ninth regular season game, Texas outscored Nebraska 28-25, marking Brown's 100th win at Texas. In their next two games, the Longhorns would defeat Oklahoma State and Texas Tech, but in their final matchup against archrival Texas A&M, the Longhorns lost 30–38. This marked the Longhorns' second straight loss to the Aggies. Despite the loss, Texas went to the Holiday Bowl to defeat 11th-ranked Arizona State 52–34. The Longhorns finished the season 10–3, marking their seventh consecutive 10-win season. This streak became the third highest in FBS history, trailing Florida State's 14 from 1987–00 and Miami's 8 from 1985–92.
2008 season.
The 2008 Texas Longhorn football team entered the season ranked 10th in the USA Today Coaches Poll. They won their first four games to rise to number 5 in the national rankings. Texas began Big 12 Conference play on October 4, 2008 with a trip to Boulder, Colorado and a win over the Colorado Buffaloes. On October 11, 2008 they defeated the number-one ranked Oklahoma Sooners in the 103rd Red River Shootout. It was the third UT win in four seasons, and the first time in Brown's tenure for either team to upset the other in the Red River Shootout.
Following the victory over OU, the Longhorns vaulted up the standings to first place in the AP, ESPN/USA Today, and Harris Polls. In their next game they secured a win over #11 Missouri in Austin, setting a new school, state, and conference attendance record in the process. It was the first time since 1977 for the Longhorns to play a home football game as the #1 team in the AP. They were ranked #1 in the first BCS standings of 2008. Texas defending the first place ranking by beating another top-ten team, the Oklahoma State Cowboys. They lost to Texas Tech in the final second of the game and fell to #4 in the BCS rankings.
The Longhorns entered 2008 as the third most victorious program in college football history, in terms of both total wins and win percentage. Only Notre Dame and the University of Michigan had won more games and a greater percentage of games played than Texas, On November 8, 2008, Texas' 45–21 victory over Baylor was the 829th win for the UT football program, which tied Notre Dame for 2nd in the list of total wins. Notre Dame lost later the same day, leaving the two teams tied. Texas pulled ahead of Notre Dame at the end of the regular season, to take sole possession of #2 on the list.
Texas won a road game against Kansas 35–7; ensuring their eighth consecutive season with ten or more wins per season. That is the longest active streak in the nation and it ties them with Miami (1985–92) for the second-longest streak of all-time.
Texas finished the 2008 regular season with a win over Texas A&M, the Longhorns longest running-rivalry oppoenent. The biggest margin of victory in the history of the series occurred when Texas beat A&M 48–0 in 1898. Texas nearly equaled that record this year by producing a 49–9 victory, the second-largest margin of victory for this rivalry series. It was also the 200th career win for Mack Brown, and it set a new attendance record for UT, the State of Texas, the Big 12 Conference, and the southwest region. This left Texas in a three-way tie (with Oklahoma and Texas Tech) for the Big 12 South championship, which created a controversy over BCS rankings and conference tie-breaking procedures.
Texas defeated Ohio State 24-21 in the 2009 Fiesta Bowl to finish the season 12-1.
Brown's Legacy to Date.
Texas Longhorns' Head Coach Mack Brown's year-by-year records (with bowl appearances) are as follows:
The Longhorns are 134-34 under Head Coach Mack Brown overall, and are 82-22 in Big 12 Conference play. These standings reflect the Longhorns' membership of the Big 12 South Division from 1998-2010, and of the Big 12 Conference from 2011–present. The Longhorns are 9-4 in bowl games under Brown and have been bowl-eligible for 13 of 14 seasons during his tenure, including 12 straight years from 1998-2009. Additionally, Brown's Horns have won the Big 12 South division title six times, the Big 12 Conference title twice (2005, 2009), and the National Championship once (2005). Mack Brown has led the Longhorns to three BCS bowl wins in four appearances.
After Brown.
On November 18, 2008, The University of Texas announced that Longhorn defensive coordinator Will Muschamp would eventually succeed Mack Brown as head football coach. They agreed in principle to increase Muschamp’s salary to $900,000. There was no timetable set for Brown’s departure, and both Brown and UT said they expected Brown to stay a long time. Following the Longhorns' 5-7 season in 2010, Muschamp accepted the head coaching position at the University of Florida and it is currently unknown if the school is willing to designate a new "head coach in waiting."
Annual salary.
Brown's annual salary since his arrival at Texas in 1998 is as follows. Brown will make an additional $100,000 each year, not including incentives.
Salary controversy.
In 2009, Brown's salary was increased to $5.1 million (excluding bonuses and incentives) a raise of about $2 million. This has led to much controversy on the UT campus as it came at a time when academic programs have been facing significant cutbacks. On December 14, 2009 the UT faculty council held a special meeting to consider the following resolution
"We appreciate the contributions of the athletic staff and, especially, the student-athletes, to the community of the University of Texas at Austin. However, at a time when students are facing a deteriorating academic environment in the form of declining class offerings and increasing class sizes, and lecturers, teaching assistants, and staff are facing job terminations, we believe a permanent raise of $2 million (a sum greater than the entire career earnings of a typical university employee) offered to any member of the university community is unseemly and inappropriate."
However, Brown's salary is not paid from state tax dollars, unlike nearly all university employees. When asked about the raise, university officials noted that Brown's salary is "paid entirely with money raised by the athletic department revenues. . . No state tax money is used."
Outside of football.
Mack Brown is married to his wife, Sally. They have 4 children: Matt Jessee, Katherine Brown, Barbara Wilson, and Chris Jessee.
In Austin, the Browns continue to be active in community affairs, serving as honorary co-chairpersons of the Capital Campaign for the Helping Hands of Austin. The Brown's have been instrumental in the opening of The Rise School of Austin (an early childhood education program that integrates children who have disabilities with their typically developing peers) and serve on the schools Board of Directors. They lent their name along with legendary UT QB James Street to the First Annual James Street/Mack Brown Golf Tournament benefiting The Rise School.
The Browns' have endorsed new Texas license plate, which is designed to raise public awareness for child abuse and neglect and the need for Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) volunteers. After the Aggie Bonfire tragedy at Texas A&M in 1999, the couple initiated a blood drive on the UT campus that attracted more than 250 blood donors."
In October 2006, Mack Brown made a cameo appearance in the television pilot for "Friday Night Lights". Early in the show, a resident is heard to say "Who does he think he is? He ain't no Mack Brown." Later in the pilot, the real Mack Brown plays the role of a local football booster quizzing high-school coach Eric Taylor on his pre-game preparation.

</doc>
<doc id="19841771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841771" title="Dingee, Victoria">
Dingee, Victoria

Dingee is a town in northern Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the Shire of Loddon, north of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Dingee and the surrounding area had a population of 322.
Dingee Post Office opened on 12 December 1883, on the arrival of the railway.
Golfers play at the Calival Golf Club at Dingee.

</doc>
<doc id="19841803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841803" title="Cleistocalyx operculatus">
Cleistocalyx operculatus

Cleistocalyx operculatus, also known as "C. nervosum" (DC.) Kosterm. , "Eugenia operculata" Roxb., 1832, "Syzygium nervossum" DC., 1828, "Syzygium operculatum" (Roxb.) Nied., 1893), is a medium sized tree of about 10 meters in height with pale brown bark and dull green leaves.
The tree is native to tropical Asia, extending as far south as the Northern Territory of Australia.
Description.
The leaves of "C. operculatus" are elliptical, obovate and glaborous, measuring 7–9 cm in length.
Flowers cluster as greenish white trichomatous pannicles. The blossoms have 4 petals. 
The 7–12 cm diameter fruits are ovoid with a concave tip and a wrinkled texture. The fruits turn purplish upon ripening.
Uses.
The leaves and buds of "C. operculatus" are harvested, dried, and brewed as an herbal tea in Vietnam known as "nước vối" with stomachic properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19841809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841809" title="Wild Bill Shrewsberry">
Wild Bill Shrewsberry

Billy Lewis "Wild Bill" Shrewsberry (born June 26, 1938) is an American exhibition drag racing driver primarily active throughout the 1960s and 1970s. Originally from Mansfield, Ohio, Shrewsberry moved to Southern California in October 1962. Shrewsberry is best known as the driver of the drag racing replica of the Barris-built Batmobile from the 1966 television series and of the "L.A. Dart," a series of wheelstanding funny cars each with a rear-mounted, supercharged Chrysler Hemi engine and each sponsored by the Dodge and Plymouth dealers of Los Angeles and Orange Counties. The result of the rearward weight transfer caused by the engine's mounting position was a "wheelie" for the entire quarter-mile at speeds exceeding 100 miles per hour (160 km/h). Steering was accomplished by a combination of the service brake pedal activating the brake on the left wheel while a brake lever from a racing go-kart activated the right brake. So proficient was Shrewsberry at this sort of driving that he would often spin his car to face the opposite direction at the end of the track and race back to the starting line, all the while maintaining the wheelstand. 
He rose to fame in the early 1960s as the driver of one of only six factory-built 1963 Pontiac Tempest Super Duty LeMans-badged coupes and which was campaigned by Mickey Thompson. These six coupes and six station wagon variants, with their 421 in³ (7 L) Pontiac Catalina engines, transmissions and rear ends replacing the Tempest's 326 in³ (5.4 L) engine, rear-mounted Corvair-based transaxle and the small diameter drive shaft often referred to as a "rope" were described as "beyond fast". Shrewsberry's Pontiac dominated the A/FX factory experimental class in the 1963 NHRA "Winternationals" with a best time of 12.03 seconds in the quarter mile, an average of .5 seconds faster than the competition. He would later race the car in a modified configuration utilizing Pontiac's "Powershift" transaxle, developed specifically for the Super Duty. It was, in essence, a pair of two-speed Powerglide automatic transmissions joined together in a single four-speed unit. His car retains that setup today. 
Shrewsberry also helped develop and pilot the Hurst Hemi Under Glass Plymouth Barracuda later driven by Bob Riggle. He also participated in the development of the Dodge Little Red Wagon driven by Bill "Maverick" Golden and the Hurst Hairy Olds Oldsmobile 4-4-2 exhibition dragsters each sponsored by Hurst Performance. Like the "L.A. Dart", the Little Red Wagon and Hemi Under Glass were wheelstanders while the Hurst Hairy Olds had engines both front and rear, each powering an automatic transaxle from an Oldsmobile Toronado.
Shrewsberry's 1970 L.A. Dart was the subject of a 1/25-scale plastic model kit first produced by Model Products Corporation and since reissued by Model King using the original tooling. That same car, updated for the 1971 season with a 1971 front grille is still owned by Shrewsberry and is undergoing restoration at his son's home in Ridgecrest. Model kits of the Hemi Under Glass and Hurst Hairy Olds were available as well; the Plymouth was replicated by MPC and Aurora Plastics Corporation while the Olds was available as a kit from Monogram. In the late 1990s, a 1/64-scale diecast model of the L.A. Dart was issued by Johnny Lightning. Presently, die-cast model manufacturer Highway 61 produces a 1/18-scale replica of Shrewsberry's Super Duty Tempest (which Highway 61 designers used as the actual basis for the model) as well as the 1966 Hemi Under Glass and 1966 Hurst Hairy Olds.
In 1979, Shrewsberry exhibited a fiberglass 1930 Ford Model A delivery truck sponsored by Knott's Berry Farm. Dubbed The Berry Wagon and painted by custom car builder Ed Roth, the hemi-powered wheelstander was capable of more than 120 mph (190 km/h) in the quarter-mile, again on its rear bumper.
He maintains a small but important collection of automobiles. In addition to the 1970–71 L.A. Dart, Shrewsberry still owns his 1972 L.A. Dart funny car with flip-up body, his original 1963 Super Duty Tempest (one of only four remaining), the 1965 Hemi Under Glass Barracuda, the Knott's Berry Wagon, a 1964 Mercury Comet Caliente 427 which he raced in A/FX that year with Jack Chrisman (one of only 50 built and similar to Ford's Fairlane Thunderbolt), a factory lightweight 1964 Ford Galaxie and until its sale to a collector/dealer in 2010, a 1966 Ford Mustang GT convertible. Purchased new for US$2871.00, the Mustang is a highly optioned black-on-black car with a high-performance 289 in³ (4.8 L) engine, four-speed manual transmission, manual front disc brakes, limited slip differential, deluxe "pony" interior, styled steel wheels, center console and the "lighting group" package which added underhood and trunk lighting. It is also fitted with an extremely rare 8000 RPM Rally-Pac tachometer and clock accessory. The car is in nearly original condition, having accumulated slightly more than 7400 miles (11,900 km) since new. This was due in large part to his relationship with Dodge the following year. 
Though retired from racing, Shrewsberry maintains a relationship with the NHRA museum in Pomona and is often a keynote speaker at car club meets. He resides in the Coachella Valley where he pursues a hobby in model aviation and where the two L.A Dart cars are presently undergoing restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19841813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841813" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Bosnia and Herzegovina competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The Bosnian and Herzegovinian broadcaster, Bosanskohercegovačka radiotelevizija (BHRT), held an internal selection to select the 2009 Bosnian and Herzegovinian representative. BHRT selected Regina to represent Bosnia and Herzegovina at Eurovision, and they performed the song "Bistra voda" at the contest.
Song selection.
BHRT held an open call for songs for those interested in representing Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2009 contest in Moscow. Artists could only be from Bosnia and Herzegovina, while songwriters could be of any nationality. The deadline for entries passed on 20 December, and the winning song was made public on 1 March 2009, on a special television show called "BH Eurosong 2009", however the performer was known on 12 January 2009.
At least 50 applications were submitted to BHRT, but more songs may have been submitted due to composers' tendency to enter more than one song when applying. Some names have come forward in saying that they have entered songs into the selection process. These include Irina & Storm, popular rock musicians, as well as Hari Mata Hari, who achieved Bosnia and Herzegovina's best placing at Eurovision, 3rd place in 2006. 
BHRT selected Sarajevo rock band Regina compete for Bosnia and Herzegovina at Eurovision with their song, "Bistra voda" (Clear water) composed by Aleksandar Čović. 
The song was first presented at a special presentation show, called "BH Eurosong", on 1 March 2009. The show included performances by various Eurvision participants: Regina for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Quartissimo and Martina Majerle for Slovenia, Hadise for Turkey, Next Time for Macedonia, Jade Ewen for the United Kingdom, Sakis Rouvas for Greece, Chiara for Malta and Andrea Demirović for Montenegro. Sabahudin Kurt, the 1964 Eurovision entry for Yugoslavia was also present as a special guest.
Promotion.
Before performing in Eurovision, Regina visited various competing countries in order to promote "Bistra voda". These countries included Serbia during the semi-final of the Serbian national final, "Beovizija 2009". and the Netherlands during the Eurovision Promo Concert in Amsterdam on 18 April.
Regina made an extensive promo tour throughout the Balkans. The band appeared in both Albania and Montenegro, as well as performing on TV Bingo Show on Croatia's HRT 1 on 4 April, where they performed "Bistra voda" for the Croatian public. Regina also performed on RTV SLO's TV show Spet Doma in Slovenia. Further promotion was made with the release of English and Russian versions of the song, as well as the final Eurovision version and a remix of the song.
At Eurovision.
After Laka came 10th Bosnia and Herzegovina had to competed in one of the two semi-finals in the 2008 contest. At the semi-final draw on 30 January, it was decided that the country would compete in the first semi-final on 12 May 2009. It won a place in the final and eventually finished 9th.

</doc>
<doc id="19841830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841830" title="Kaihua County">
Kaihua County

Kaihua County () is a county under the jurisdiction of Quzhou city in Zhejiang Province of the People's Republic of China. It is located in the westernmost portion of Zhejiang, and is the source of the Qiantang River. The district's total area is 2224 square kilometers, and its population is 340,000 people. The district's postal code is 324300. The district government is located at 54 Jiefang Street, in the town of Chengguan. Forests cover 79.2% of Kaihua County, making it a key county for forestry in Zhejiang and in China as a whole.
Gutianshan National Nature Reserve is located within Kaihua County.
Administrative regions.
The county administers nine towns and nine rural villages.
Towns: Chengguan, Huabu, Majin, Chihuai, Cuntou, Tongcun, Yanglin, Suzhuang, and Qixi.
Rural villages: Yinkeng, Linshan, Zhongcun, Jincun, Zhangwan, Changjiang, Hetian, Tangwu, and Daxibian. 

</doc>
<doc id="19841838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841838" title="William MacBrien">
William MacBrien

William MacBrien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19841850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841850" title="Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Latvia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, marking its tenth entrance to Eurovision. Originally, after budget cuts were made by the Latvian government on the Latvian broadcaster, Latvijas Televīzija (LTV), announced plans to withdraw from the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Russia, but on 12 January 2009 it was announced by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) that Latvia will participate.
Eirodziesma 2009, the Latvian national final, was held on 27 and 28 February. The ultimate winner of the contest was Intars Busulis with "Sastrēgums" (Traffic jam). The song was performed at Eurovision in Russian as "Probka".
Possible boycott.
Shortly after the 2008 South Ossetia war in Georgia, the Estonian Minister of Culture suggested a possible boycott of the Baltic states of Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania of the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest, held in Russia. However, a different opinion arose in Latvia, with many calling for Latvia's continued participation in the contest including Latvian composer Raimonds Pauls. Latvian broadcaster Latvijas Televīzija (LTV) eventually announced their participation in the contest.
Possible withdrawal.
In December 2008 the Latvian government imposed budget cuts on LTV of over 2 million Lats (over €3 million). Because of this LTV were forced to cancel many planned shows for 2009, including Eirodziesma. On 17 December 2008, LTV confirmed that they had requested to the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the organisers of Eurovision, their withdrawal from the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest, due solely to the budget cuts that hindered the Latvian broadcaster from paying the participation fee for Eurovision. After their intent was given to the EBU, talks between the two parties began for a way that LTV could participate in the contest. However, their withdrawal request occurred 3 days after the deadline for participation, and it was rumoured that LTV would still have to pay the participation because the deadline had passed. On 20 December 2008, LTV confirmed their withdrawal from the contest, having no penalty for withdrawing past the deadline. However, on 12 January 2009 the final participants list for the 2009 contest was released, that confirmed Latvia will participate.
Eirodziesma 2009.
The Latvian selection for the 2009 contest will be Eirodziesma 2009. Changes had been made to the Eirodziesma format since the 2008 contest for the 2009 edition.
A deadline for entries for the contest was set at 30 November 2008. All songs entered could not have been made public before 1 October 2008, in line with Eurovision rules. Each songwriter could not have submitted more than two songs, and only a third of songs allowed to compete in the contest were to be by foreign authors. Songs submitted for preselection in other countries were also not allowed.
The format of Eirodziesma had changed since the 2008 contest. Three semi finals were to have taken place during January and February 2009. Three songs from each selection out of nine were to qualify for the final through a mixture of jury and televoting. A 10th song was to be chosen at a Second Chance heat during the last semi final, and the public would have decided the final song to qualify through 100% televote. The final of Eirodziesma 2009 was to have taken place on 28 February 2009. Due to financial difficulties, LTV were forced to cut down the number of semi-finals to be held from three to just one. The semi-final will take place on 27 February, with the final a day later on 28 February.
108 songs were received by LTV to compete in Eirodziesma. 78 songs entered were by Latvian composers, with 30 songs being from international songwriters. The 21 songs that were to have competed in the three semi-finals of Eirodziesma 2009 were announced on 9 December. Due to the cancellation of the show, followed by its reinstatement, LTV asked all participants to confirm their intent to participate in the semi-final. All of the initial 21 artists confirmed their intention to compete. 
A number of changes were made to the line-up before the semi-final. Kristīna Zaharova, who was to perform two songs in the contest, withdrew her song "I Wish I Could Pretend", composed by Lauris Reiniks and Gordon Pogoda, from the contest after being accepted into the Irish national final, held on 20 February. Her remaining song, "Angel of Mine", composed by Martinš Freimanis, was then performed as a duet between her and Annija Putniņa.
Two more changes to the line-up were also made: the song "In Love In Trust", originally to be performed by Aisha, Ella, Olga, will now be performed by Policistas, while "Have To Say Goodbye" will now be performed by Astra, instead of its composer Madara Celma. The running order was announced on 13 January.
Semi-final.
The semi-final of Eirodziesma 2009 was held on 27 February at the Olympic Center in Ventspils, hosted by Kristīne Virsnīte and Uģis Joksts. Ten songs from the 20 that competed qualified to final on 28 February, selected by a national televote.
Final.
The final of Eirodziesma 2009 was held on 28 February, and feature the 10 qualifiers from the semi-final, held the previous day. Three songs were chosen by televoting and the votes of a jury to qualify to a "Super Final", where televoting alone decided the winner of the contest.
Guests performing during the show included last year's Eirodziesma winner and Latvian Eurovision entry Pirates of the Sea, Kristīna Zaharova with the runner-up song of the 2009 Irish national final "I Wish I Could Pretend", as well as Sasha Son and Lidia Kopania, the Lithuanian and Polish Eurovision entries respectively.
The three songs that qualified to the Super Final were Intars Busulis with "Sastrēgums", Natālija Tumševica with "Dynamite" and Kristīna Zaharova & Annija Putniņa with "Angel of Mine".
In the Super Final, the three qualifiers performed their songs once more. televoting selected the winner to be Intars Busulis 
with "Sastrēgums", beating Kristīna Zaharova & Annija Putniņa to second place.
At Eurovision.
Being neither part of the "Big Four" nor the host of the 2009 contest Latvia were obliged to compete in one of the two semi-final on 12 and 14 May. Latvia competed in the second semi-final on 14 May where Intars performed "Probka", the Russian version of "Sastrēgums". He failed to qualify to the final, relegating Latvia for the first time since 2004.
The postcard for Latvia contained the word "Borsch"(beetroot soup) at the end. However, another version, with the word "Ura!"(hurray!), can be found on the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19841859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841859" title="Chung-Shan Building">
Chung-Shan Building

The Chung-Shan Building () is part of the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall complex. Completed in 1966, the building is located in the Yangmingshan National Park in Taipei, taiwan. The building is placed on the reverse of the 100 New Taiwan Dollar bill. The building serves as a location for hosting ceremonies by the President of the Republic of China for state visits, conferences and was off limits to the general public until 2005.
History.
In 1965, with a view to commemorate Dr. Sun Yat-sen's centennial birthday and to revive traditional Chinese culture, the government of the Republic of China appointed architect Ms. Xiu Zelan to design the Chungshan Hall. Thousands of military veterans finished this construction within 13 months. Chungshan Hall once served as an exclusive convention site for the defunct National Assembly of the Republic of China, and an eminent locale for the state head's receiving distinguished foreign guests or hosting state banquets. Up to present, the hall still preserves many important scenes that witnessed constitutional development and historical events in the Republic of China. The government has designated the Chungshan Hall as a historical monument.
Architecture.
Chungshan Hall occupies a field of more than 130,000 square meters, and the building itself takes a dimension of ocer 18,000 square meters and 34 meters in height. Situated in the sulfurous area of Yangmingshan, the structure is firmly founded on a ground base composed of mixtures of soft and hard soil, rocks and mud. The Chungshan Hall is a rarity of large-size edifice in the world that is erected directly at a sulfuric-gas spurting pit.
The interior embellishments such as over 400 hand crafted palace lanterns, mother-of-pearl inlaid furniture, ceiling, design of doors and windows, and color drawings of pillars.

</doc>
<doc id="19841862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841862" title="CKKO-FM">
CKKO-FM

CKKO-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic rock format on 96.3 FM in Kelowna, British Columbia. The station uses the on-air branding K963 and the slogan "Kelowna's Classic Rock".
Originally owned by Sun Country Cablevision and currently owned by Newcap Radio, the station was licenced on March 14, 2008. The station officially launched on November 4, 2008, playing the song "You Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet" by Bachman-Turner Overdrive.
On February 26, 2009, Sun Country Radio Ltd. received CRTC approval to acquire the assets of the radio programming undertaking CKKO-FM Kelowna from Sun Country Cablevision Ltd.
On July 12, 2013, Newcap was denied a licence to change the authorized contours of CKKO-FM by relocating its transmitter to a site on top of Okanagan Mountain and by changing its transmitter class from B to C and its average effective radiated power (ERP) from 10,000 to 6,300 watts (directional antenna with a decrease in maximum ERP from 31,000 to 14,100 watts and an increase in the effective height of the antenna above average terrain from 130.8 to 793 metres). The denial was due to the fact that the station would focus more on the nearby city of Penticton, where it would compete with other stations in that market, while losing its focus on Kelowna. In addition, the CRTC felt that it would give an unfair advantage in that market, with Newcap already owning CIGV-FM in Penticton.

</doc>
<doc id="19841873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841873" title="Brunner-Winkle Bird">
Brunner-Winkle Bird

The Brunner-Winkle Bird was a three-seat taxi and joy-riding aircraft produced in the USA from 1928 to 1931.
Design and operation.
The Model A version was powered by the ubiquitous Curtiss OX-5, and featured a welded steel-tube truss fuselage with metal and fabric skinning. The wings, constructed of Spruce and plywood were also covered with metal and fabric skinning. The Model A had a reasonable performance for an OX-5 powered aircraft. The Model A's ease of handling led to its entry into the 1929 Guggenheim Safety Airplane contest, where it was awarded the highest ratings for a standard production aircraft.
The Model A was awarded Group 2 approval no 2-33 in January 1929 for the first nine aircraft serial no. 1000 to 1008. Aircraft serial no. 1009 upwards were manufactured under Air Transport Certificate no. 101.
The Model B followed on from the initial Bird design and was fitted with the uncowled Kinner radial engine. Production aircraft were designated BK.
Variants.
"Data from:" aerofiles.com

</doc>
<doc id="19841874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841874" title="Tibor Paul">
Tibor Paul

Tibor Paul (29 March 190911 November 1973) was a Hungarian-Australian conductor.
He was born in Budapest. He studied piano and woodwind under Zoltán Kodály, Hermann Scherchen and Felix Weingartner. In 1930 he founded the Budapest Concert Orchestra. In 1939 he began conducting his own orchestra. He also conducted at the Budapest National Theatre and by 1945 he was principal conductor for the Hungarian Broadcasting Corporation.
In 1948, Paul left for Switzerland. He conducted for the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation and at the opera house in Berne. He migrated to Australia in 1950. He soon became a conductor with the New South Wales National Opera and a guest conductor with the Australian Broadcasting Commission (ABC). He taught orchestral and choral conducting at the New South Wales State Conservatorium of Music from 1954. He was also principal conductor for the Elizabethan Theatre Trust Opera Company in 1954-55. He became an Australian citizen in 1955. 
Tibor Paul travelled widely throughout Australia and conducted in every capital city. He was the conductor of the Tasmanian concert attended by the very young Stuart Challender which caused Challender to set his sights on becoming a conductor himself. However, because the ABC was unable to offer Paul sufficient engagements, he made regular trips to Britain, Italy, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Denmark, France, Portugal and Austria. He was a vigorous promoter of Australian composers, and he toured Europe and North America in 1958 and included the work of Australians in his concerts.
In 1959 Paul left for Europe with his wife and younger son. He eventually settled in the Republic of Ireland, where he was principal conductor (1961-67) with the Radio Eireann Symphony Orchestra and director of music (1962-67) for Radio Telefís Éireann, Dublin. There he conducted such world premieres as Brian Boydell’s cantata "A Terrible Beauty is Born" in 1966. He was a co-founder of the Limerick Choral Union, and conducted its first performance on 4 May 1964, Mozart’s "Requiem", with soloists including Bernadette Greevy. With this choir he also led the first performances in Ireland of Beethoven’s "Missa Solemnis" and Mass in D (1967) and Janáček’s "Glagolitic Mass" (1968).
He returned to Sydney in October 1968 to conduct the Elizabethan Theatre Trust Orchestra. Over the next six years he divided his time between Australia and Europe. He was chief conductor of the West Australian Symphony Orchestra from 1971, his term, which was to have continued through 1974, being cut short by his death. In January 1973 he conducted the combined West Australian and South Australian symphony orchestras in a performance to inaugurate the Perth Concert Hall. 
He died of a coronary occlusion on 11 November 1973 in his home at Wahroonga, Sydney, survived by his wife and sons.
He had a fiery temperament, a prodigious memory, and seldom conducted from a score. His controversial manner was a matter of discussion in the Irish Parliament in 1966. 
Personal life.
On 9 November 1935 he married Maria Penninger in Budapest; they had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19841880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841880" title="Benno Fiala Ritter von Fernbrugg">
Benno Fiala Ritter von Fernbrugg

Hauptmann (Captain) Benno Fiala von Fernbrugg (16 June 1890 – 29 October 1964), Order of the Iron Crown, Order of Leopold, Military Merit Cross, Military Merit Medal, Gold Medal for Bravery, Iron Cross was an Austro-Hungarian fighter ace with 28 victories to his credit during World War I. He was the third ranking ace of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He was also a technical innovator who pioneered the use of machine guns, radios, and cameras in airplanes. His forty-year aviation career also included aircraft manufacture, airport management, and the establishment of commercial airlines.
Early life.
Benno Fiala von Fernbrugg was born in Vienna to an aristocratic family with a tradition of military service. His father was an artillery officer and his brother in naval aviation. Fiala attended primary and secondary school in Vienna, and went on to major in mechanical engineering at the local University of Technology, becoming an Ingenieur.
He had an early fascination with aviation but was initially refused aviation service, instead being gazetted as an officer in the engineers and assigned to Fort Artillery Regiment 1 in 1910.
Assignment to Aviation.
Being assigned to the artillery didn't quash his interest in aviation; his brother was a naval aviator, and Fiala visited airports. While at one, he met Emil Uzelac, Commander of the fledgling air force of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Uzelac arranged Fiala's transfer to Fliegerkompagnie 1 of the "Luftfahrtruppen" as a technical officer. Fiala completed training as a flying observer on 28 July 1914, the very day Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia.
In November 1914, Fiala took charge of the locomotive of a supply train and drove it to safety even though it was under attack by Russian troops and he was wounded in the action. He was awarded the Silver Military Merit Medal for this. On 10 November, he was also received a most unusual promotion to leutnant (Second Lieutenant) ahead of his sequence in seniority.
Although trained as an observer, Fiala's duties in this beginning of the war consisted mainly of arming planes with machine guns, and experimenting with aerial cameras. He also rigged a 30 kilogram (66 pound) radio transmitter in an unarmed plane. It was used in May 1915 at the Battle of Gorlice-Tarnow on the Russian Front; by sending corrections to a receiver on the ground, it successfully adjusted mortar fire. Fiala was briefly attached to the testing section of the air arsenal before being reassigned to a flying unit.
Aerial Victories.
Fiala had had a couple of unconfirmed victories on the Russian Front. Now he was transferred to Fliegerkompany 19 on the Italian Front in January 1916. There he flew a Hansa-Brandenburg C.I two seated reconnaissance plane, scoring his first confirmed triumph on 29 April 1916.
On 4 May 1916, he was piloting a Hansa-Brandenburg C.I when he teamed with a second C.I to shoot down the Italian airship M-4. The semi-rigid dirigible had been returning from a bombing raid when Fiala shot it down above Gorizia, Italy, killing the entire crew of six.
Fiala was wounded by anti-aircraft fire in the beginning of 1917. It was during this recuperation that he decided to apply for pilot's training. After he recovered, he moved into Fliegerkorps 41J, then into a Hansa-Brandenburg D.I fighter in Fliegerkorps 12D.
Beginning 9 August 1917, he ran off a string of five confirmed and two confirmed wins for the month. He scored once more, in October, before changing squadrons once again in November, to move into an Albatros D.III with Fliegerkorps 56J.
He notched win number nine with 56J, but didn't spend long with them; he transferred into command of Fliegerkorps 51J in January, 1918. His steady accretion of victories helped shape Flik 51J into the premier squadron of the Austro-Hungarians. Especially notable was his 14th win; on 30 May 1918, he downed British ace Alan Jerrard in an action that was so fierce, it won the loser the Victoria Cross.
Fiala racked up number 28 on 20 August 1918. He continued to fly until October, but then was posted to nonflying staff duties until war's end.
The engineer turned fighter pilot had flown on two fronts which had more hazardous flying conditions and less opportunity for air combat than the Western Front in France. His victory roll included a dirigible, three observation balloons, and a predominance of enemy fighters among the planes he had felled. He claimed at least five unconfirmed victories. He had won the Order of the Iron Crown, Order of Leopold, Military Merit Cross, Military Merit Medal, Gold Medal for Bravery, and the Iron Cross.
Postwar.
Fiala returned to college after the war, completing an engineering degree from the University of Vienna in 1923. From 1925 through 1927, he worked with Professor Hugo Junkers of Junkers fame on aircraft maintenance for civil airliners. In 1928, he entered into a partnership with Mitsubishi of Japan to produce an all-metal plane for the United States market.
In March, 1933 he was placed under house arrest by the Gestapo by direct order of Hermann Göring. After his release, he fled Germany back to his native Austria. He then joined his old comrade in arms Julius Arigi in founding an airport operations company. He was an executive of this company through 1936. During World War II, he served in the Luftwaffe as a Captain, or Hauptmann. Later, he ran the airport in Horsching, Austria.
He died in Vienna on 29 October 1964. The Austrian air force base at Aigen is named for him.
References.
"Austro-Hungarian aces of World War 1" Christopher Chant. Osprey Publishing, 2002. ISBN 1-84176-376-4, ISBN 978-1-84176-376-7.

</doc>
<doc id="19841881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841881" title="Nokia 2760">
Nokia 2760

The Nokia 2760 is a clamshell form of Mobile phone released by Nokia in 2007 and manufactured in Hungary. Its operating Frequency: Dual band GSM 900/1800 or 850/1900 (supports EDGE).

</doc>
<doc id="19841894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841894" title="Afterwards">
Afterwards

Afterwards () is a 2009 English-language psychological thriller film directed by Gilles Bourdos and starring Romain Duris, John Malkovich and Evangeline Lilly. Based on Guillaume Musso's novel "Et après...", the story tells of a workaholic lawyer who is told by a self-proclaimed visionary that he must try to prevent his imminent death. The film was shot in New York City, Montreal and various New Mexico locations over June–July 2007, and had a French release in January 2009.
Plot.
As a child, Nathan Del Amico (Duris) 'dies' in an accident, but comes 'back'. Years later, now a career-driven New York plaintiff's lawyer obsessed with work, he meets Joseph Kay (Malkovich), a doctor who claims that he can foresee other people's deaths, and that he is a "messenger" sent to help Nathan put his life's priorities in order. 
Nathan and his wife (Lilly) had recently lost their son to SIDS, leading to their divorce. Once Nathan is convinced about the doctor's ability, he visits his ex-wife and daughter in New Mexico.
Production.
Gilles Bourdos and Michel Spinosa wrote "Afterwards" as a film adaptation of Guillaume Musso's French novel "Et après...". The film, a C$10 million co-production between Canada's Christal Films Productions and France's Fidélité Films, was filmed over six weeks in New York, Quebec and New Mexico. Filming in Manhattan commenced on June 4, 2007. Production moved to New Mexico from June 15–19, where scenes were shot at various locations in Albuquerque, Alamogordo, Jemez Springs and Tularosa. Filming resumed in Montreal on July 7 and lasted for approximately 25 days; the city was chosen as a filming location for its tax deduction incentives and the ease in making "Montreal look like anywhere in the world". Though writer/director Bourdos is French, as is Musso's adapted novel and co-financier Christal Films Productions, "Afterwards" was shot almost entirely in English.
Release.
The film had its world premiere on September 7, 2008 at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, looking for a U.S. distribution buyer. It was theatrically released by Mars Distribution on January 14, 2009 in France and Belgium, earning US$159,500 from 250 screens on its opening weekend in France. It went on to gross $1.1 million in its first week and ranked fifth in the Paris area.
Seville Pictures has bought the rights to the film's Canadian distribution from Christal Films, which also produced the film and provided 30% of finances.

</doc>
<doc id="19841896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841896" title="Raywood">
Raywood

Raywood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19841906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841906" title="Tigatuzumab">
Tigatuzumab

Tigatuzumab (CS-1008) is a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of cancer. , a clinical trial for the treatment of pancreatic cancer has been completed, Phase II trials for colorectal cancer and non-small cell lung cancer are running, and a study for ovarian cancer has been approved.
The drug targets member 10b of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily (TNFRSF10B, better known as death receptor 5 or trail receptor 2), a protein overexpressed in many kinds of tumour.
A recent study reports on the preclinical validation of 111In-labeled anti-DR5 humanised antibody CS-1008 as a diagnostic tool to study the DR5 occupancy in cancer patients, and establish dose ranges for receptor saturation kinetics in vivo.

</doc>
<doc id="19841914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841914" title="List of Central American mammals">
List of Central American mammals

This is a list of the mammal species recorded in Central America. Central America is usually defined as the southernmost extension of North America; however, from a biological standpoint it is useful to view it as a separate region of the Americas. Central America is distinct from the remainder of North America in being a tropical region, part of the Neotropic ecozone, whose flora and fauna display a strong South American influence. The rest of North America is mostly subtropical or temperate, belongs to the Nearctic ecozone, and has many fewer species of South American origin.
At present Central America bridges North and South America, facilitating migrations in both directions, but this phenomenon is relatively recent from a geological perspective. The formation of this land bridge through volcanic activity three million years ago precipitated the Great American Interchange, an important biogeographical event. In part because of this history, Central America is extremely biodiverse; it comprises most of the Mesoamerican biodiversity hotspot. The mountains running down the spine of Central America have also contributed to biodiversity by creating montane habitats, including cloud forests and grasslands, and by separating species from the lowlands along the Pacific and Caribbean coasts. However, Central America's biodiversity suffered a blow in the Quaternary extinction event, which started around 12500 cal BP, at roughly the time of arrival of Paleoindians; much of the megafauna died out at this time. The effects of modern human activities on climate and ecosystem integrity pose a further threat to Central America's fauna.
The list consists of those mammal species found from the Isthmus of Tehuantepec to the northwestern border of Colombia, a region including the Mexican states of Chiapas, Tabasco, Campeche, Yucatán and Quintana Roo, and the nations of Belize, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Panama. As of May 2012, the list contains 378 species, 177 genera, 47 families and 13 orders. Of the taxa from nonflying, nonmarine groups (203 species, 91 genera, 31 families and 10 orders), those of South American origin (marsupials, xenarthrans, monkeys and caviomorph rodents) comprise 21% of species, 34% of genera, 52% of families and 50% of orders. Thus, South America's contribution to Central America's biodiversity is fairly modest at the species level, but substantial at higher taxonomic levels. In comparison to South America, a famously biodiverse continent, Central America has 27% as many species, 51% as many genera, 81% as many families and 86% as many orders (considering noncetacean taxa only), while having only 4.3% of the land area.
Of the species, 1 is critically endangered or extinct, 11 are critically endangered, 13 are endangered, 18.5 are vulnerable, 20 are near-threatened, and 36.5 are data-deficient. Mammal species presumed extinct since AD 1500 (two cases) are included. Domestic species and introduced species are not listed.
NOTE: this list is almost inevitably going to be incomplete, since new species are continually being recognized via discovery or reclassification. Places to check for missing species include the list, including recently removed entries, and the species listings in the articles for mammalian genera, especially those of small mammals such as rodents or bats.
The following tags are used to highlight each species' conservation status as assessed by the IUCN:
The IUCN status of the listed species was last updated during the period from November 2008 to March 2009.
Subclass: Theria.
Infraclass: Metatheria.
Marsupials are an infraclass of pouched mammals that was once more widely distributed. Today they are found primarily in isolated or formerly isolated continents of Gondwanan origin. Those of Central America are relatively recent immigrants from South America. Central America's 10 extant genera compares with , 1 in North America north of Mexico, 52 in Australia, and 2 in Sulawesi. South American marsupials are thought to be ancestral to those of Australia and elsewhere.
Superorder: Ameridelphia.
Order: Didelphimorphia (common opossums).
Didelphimorphia is the order of common opossums of the Western Hemisphere. Opossums probably diverged from the basic South American marsupials in the late Cretaceous or early Paleocene.They are small to medium-sized marsupials, about the size of a large house cat, with a long snout and prehensile tail.
Infraclass: Eutheria.
Superorder Afrotheria.
Order: Sirenia (manatees and dugongs).
Sirenia is an order of fully aquatic, herbivorous mammals that inhabit rivers, estuaries, coastal marine waters, swamps, and marine wetlands. All four extant species are endangered. They evolved about 50 million years ago, and their closest living relatives are elephants. The manatees are the only extant afrotherians in the Americas. However, a number proboscid species, some of which survived until the arrival of Paleoindians, once inhabited the region. Mammoths, mastodons and gomphotheres all reached Central America.
Superorder Xenarthra.
Order: Cingulata (armadillos).
The armadillos are small mammals with a bony armored shell. Two of 21 extant species are present in Central America; the remainder are only found in South America, where they originated. Their much larger relatives, the pampatheres and glyptodonts, once lived in North and South America but went extinct following the appearance of humans.
Order: Pilosa (sloths and anteaters).
The order Pilosa is confined to the Americas and contains the tree sloths and anteaters (which include the tamanduas). Although their ancestral home is South America, all 5 extant genera and 6 of 10 extant species are present in Central America. Numerous ground sloths, some of which reached the size of elephants, were once present in both North and South America, as well as on the Antilles, but all went extinct following the arrival of humans. Extant two-toed sloths are more closely related to some extinct ground sloths than to three-toed sloths.
Superorder Euarchontoglires.
Order: Primates.
The order Primates includes the lemurs, monkeys, and apes, with the latter category including humans. It is divided into four main groupings: strepsirrhines, tarsiers, monkeys of the New World (parvorder Platyrrhini), and monkeys and apes of the Old World. Central America's 6 genera of nonhuman primates compares with , , 23 in Africa and 19 in Asia. Central American monkeys are recent immigrants from South America, where their ancestors arrived after rafting over from Africa 25 million years ago.
Order: Rodentia (rodents).
Rodents make up the largest order of mammals, with over 40 percent of mammalian species. They have two incisors in the upper and lower jaw which grow continually and must be keep short by gnawing. Most rodents are small, although the capybara can weigh up to 45 kg (100 lb). Central America's 11 species of caviomorph rodents (10% of its total rodent species) are recent immigrants from South America, where their ancestors washed ashore after rafting across the Atlantic from Africa over 30 million years ago. The remainder of Central America's rodents are of Nearctic origin. Ancestral sigmodontine rodents apparently island-hopped from Central America to South America 5 or more million years ago, prior to the formation of the Panamanian land bridge. They went on to diversify explosively, and now comprise 60% of South America's rodent species, while only making up 27% of Central America's.
Order: Lagomorpha (lagomorphs).
The lagomorphs comprise two families, Leporidae (hares and rabbits), and Ochotonidae (pikas). Though they can resemble rodents, and were classified as a superfamily in that order until the early 20th century, they have since been considered a separate order. They differ from rodents in a number of physical characteristics, such as having four incisors in the upper jaw rather than two. Central America's lagomorph diversity is considerably less than that of , but is greater than .
Superorder Laurasiatheria.
Order: Eulipotyphla (shrews, hedgehogs, moles, and solenodons).
The "shrew-forms" are insectivorous mammals. Shrews and solenodons closely resemble mice, hedgehogs carry spines, while moles are stout-bodied burrowers. Central America's shrew diversity is comparable to , and is considerably greater than . Moles are not found in the Americas south of northern Mexico.
Order: Chiroptera (bats).
The bats' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings, making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight. Bat species account for about 20% of all mammals.
Order: Carnivora (carnivorans).
There are over 260 species of carnivorans, the majority of which feed primarily on meat. They have a characteristic skull shape and dentition. All of Central America's terrestrial carnivorans are of Nearctic origin. Central America has the greatest diversity of procyonids in the world.
Order: Perissodactyla (odd-toed ungulates).
The odd-toed ungulates are browsing and grazing mammals. They are usually large to very large, and have relatively simple stomachs and a large middle toe. While native equids once lived in the region, having evolved in North America over a period of 50 million years, they died out around the time of the first arrival of humans.
Order: Artiodactyla (even-toed ungulates).
The weight of even-toed ungulates is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes, rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in perissodactyls. There are about 220 artiodactyl species, including many that are of great economic importance to humans. All of Central America's extant ungulates are of Nearctic origin, but prior to the arrival of humans at least one ungulate of South American origin also lived in the region.
Order: Cetacea (whales).
The order Cetacea includes whales, dolphins and porpoises. They are the mammals most fully adapted to aquatic life with a spindle-shaped nearly hairless body, protected by a thick layer of blubber, and forelimbs and tail modified to provide propulsion underwater. Their closest extant relatives are the hippos, which are artiodactyls, from which cetaceans are believed to have descended (as reflected in the naming of the clade Cetartiodactyla).

</doc>
<doc id="19841917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841917" title="Without You (Hinder song)">
Without You (Hinder song)

"'"Without You"" is the second single from the American rock band Hinder's 2008 album, "Take It to the Limit". It was released as a digital download on September 23, 2008. A video has been made for the song. The "Without You" music video, features Kellan Lutz of "Twilight" and Aimee Teegarden of "Friday Night Lights". "I play the bad boyfriend," Lutz told MTV. "Aimee is the sweet cheerleader girl ... who shouldn't be with me. I lead her life on the wrong track until she gets rid of me, and her life finally goes to where it should go. She graduates high school, while I am left in the dust." 
Music Video.
A teenage girl (Ammie Tee Garden) sees her boyfriend flirting with another girl (The Vampire Diaries actress Kayla Ewell). The girl scowls and turns her head away. Later the girl starts fighting with her boyfriend. He puts his arms up and walks away. The girl's face is red with tears, they seemed to have broken up. The next scene shows the girl in a classroom as papers are being handed out, the girl gets a D on the paper. The next scene shows the boy as he runs into two jocks. The jocks push him and then he starts fighting with them. A teacher breaks the fight up and sends them to the principals office. The next scene is the girl is hanging out with two friends and laughing, the girl passes the office and sees her ex sitting in a chair, with the two jocks apparently not in the scene. She turns her head and walks on. In the ending scene the girl is graduating leaving the boy behind.

</doc>
<doc id="19841919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841919" title="Mazda Taiki">
Mazda Taiki

The Mazda Taiki is a one-off concept car produced by Mazda, and is the fourth car in Mazda's 'Nagare' design series. Mazda says the Taiki "reflects one possible direction for a future generation of Mazda sports cars aimed at helping to create a sustainable society".
The car.
Drivetrain.
The Taiki uses a front engine, rear-wheel drive layout and is powered by Mazda's next generation RENESIS rotary 16X engine, which is mated to a 7-speed, double-clutch gearbox. The 16X engine is said to replace the RX-8's 13B engine. The name Taiki means 'atmosphere' in Japanese.
Design.
Exterior.
The exterior design, created by Joseph Reeve under the direction of Atsuhiko Yamada, is inspired by flowing robes. The Taiki has scissor doors and a very impressive drag coefficient of 0.25. Even the wheels and tires were designed with aerodynamics in mind.
Interior.
The interior, designed by Troy Trinh, is influenced by 'koinobori' - Japanese carp streamers, and the black & white colour break is inspired by the symbol for Yin-Yang. The driver's side of the cabin is black, while the passenger side is white.
References.
http://www.cardesignnews.com/site/home/design_reviews/display/store4/item93943/

</doc>
<doc id="19841922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841922" title="Raywood, Victoria">
Raywood, Victoria

Raywood is a town in northern Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the City of Greater Bendigo, north of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Raywood had a population of 291.
Raywood Post Office opened on 4 January 1864.
Golfers play at the course of the Raywood Golf Club on Peke Street.
Raywood is the home of the Bendigo Gliding Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="19841933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841933" title="Caladenia carnea">
Caladenia carnea

The Pink Fingers Orchid (Caladenia carnea) is a deciduous terrestrial orchid species which grows throughout eastern Australia and Tasmania. It is the type species of the genus "Caladenia".
The flowers are to about 20mm across and are various shades of pink, although all white or nearly white flowers are common. They have a single grass like leaf and up to three bracts along the flower stem. The flower stem is between 15 and 30 cm high topped by one (occasionally two) flowers. The large amount of variation indicates that Caladenia carnea is quite likely a complex of related species. They generally tolerate most weather conditions, however, soil must be quite free draining. They often rely on mycorrhizal fungi in the native soil.

</doc>
<doc id="19841945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841945" title="Jack Bickell">
Jack Bickell

John Paris "Jack" Bickell (September 26, 1884 – August 22, 1951) was a Canadian businessman, philanthropist, and sports team owner.
Early life and mining.
Born in Molesworth, near Listowel, and raised in Toronto, Bickell started his own brokerage firm at the age of 23 and made his fortune as a mining executive, serving as president and later chairman of McIntyre Porcupine Mines Ltd. in Timmins. He held that position until his death. His work in mining earned him a place in the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame.
Involvement in sports.
Jack came into the hockey business when the Toronto Arenas went bankrupt and Charlie Querrie needed financial reorganization to ice a team in Toronto. The Toronto St. Patricks were formed and won a Stanley Cup in 1922. When Querrie sold his share of the team in February 1927 to a group headed by Conn Smythe, Bickell kept his stake in the team, which was renamed the Toronto Maple Leafs. With Smythe, Bickell helped construct Maple Leaf Gardens for the Leafs in 1931. He was made the first president of Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd. and also served as chairman. Bickell served as a director of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball club, joining the board in 1931. That year, he also built a mansion, adjacent to the Mississaugua Golf & Country Club, in Port Credit, Ontario where he would live for the rest of his life. His name is on the Stanley Cup 6 times 1932, 1945, 1947, 1948, 1949, 1951. He was not included on the cup with 1942 Toronto, because of overseas the whole year serving in WWII.
Second World War.
During the Second World War, Bickell was a key member of a group under Canadian Max Aitken, 1st Baron Beaverbrook, the British Minister of Aircraft Production, which ensured an adequate supply of airplanes for the British forces. Bickell served two years with the British Airplane Supply Board. Along with other important businessmen and industrialists, Bickell was recruited by C. D. Howe to become one of the famous "dollar-a-year" men who headed up wartime industry and special projects. In 1942, he also became the president and chairman of the board of Victory Aircraft Ltd. in Malton, Ontario, the largest airplane manufacturer in Canada.
Postwar.
In 1945, he provided the funds Jack Kent Cooke needed to buy Toronto radio station CKEY. In business, Bickell served as a director of Canadian Bank of Commerce, International Nickel, Imperial Life Assurance, and National Trust. He was also an active philanthropist, serving on several boards, including that of Wellesley Hospital. He was also honorary president of the Health League of Canada.
Bickell died in New York City in 1951 at age 66 and was buried at Mount Pleasant Cemetery in Toronto. Bickell willed the bulk of his $14.6 million estate to the creation of the John Paris Bickell Foundation. It donates half of its income each year to the Hospital for Sick Children. In 1953, the Toronto Maple Leafs established the J. P. Bickell Memorial Award. Bickell was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19841948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841948" title="Helen Spurway">
Helen Spurway

Helen Spurway (Helen Haldane) (c. 1917 – 15 February 1977, Hyderabad) was a biologist and the second wife of J. B. S. Haldane. She emigrated to India in 1957 along with Haldane and conducted research in field biology along with Krishna Dronamraju, Suresh Jayakar, and others.
Spurway obtained her Ph.D. in genetics under the supervision of J.B.S. Haldane, whom she married later, at University College, London. Her early research was in the genetics of "Drosophila subobscura", but later switched to the reproductive biology of the guppy, "Lebistes reticulatus". Her claim, in 1955, that parthenogenesis, which occurs in the guppy in nature, may also occur (though very rarely) in the human species, leading to so-called "virgin births" created some sensation among her colleagues and the lay public alike [(TIME magazine, November 28, 1955; Editorial in The Lancet, 2: 967 (1955)].
In 1959, at the Indian Statistical Institute she turned her attention to the genetics of the giant silkworm "Antheraea mylitta", raising them in captivity to test the quality of their silk. In January 1961 she and J.B.S., assisted by their associate Krishna Dronamraju, were hosts to United States National Science Fair biology winners Gary Botting (zoology) and Susan Brown (botany). Using a novel technique of pheromone transfer, Botting had cross-bred an "Antheraea mylitta" female with a "Telea polyphemus" male, with viable offspring. Botting and Spurway concluded that the polyphemus moth was misclassified and should be included under the genus "Antheraea".
At the time, the larvae of her "mylitta" specimens were developing black dots, which she attributed to adaptation to their artificial, dark environment in a similar way that the peppered moth ("Biston betularia") had apparently adapted to its changing urban environment in Manchester, England. That "urban adaptation" scenario had been touted by many textbooks as clear evidence of evolution in action. J.B.S. Haldane had himself made statistical calculations as early as 1924 about the appearance of light and melanic populations of the peppered moth, then known as "Amphidasys betularia". Decades later, E.B. Ford and Bernard Kettlewell (with whom Helen Spurway was known to have "broken bread" in Oxford by eating a live moth or two) attempted to capitalize on the supposed evolutionary adaptation of the peppered moth. Kettlewell apparently fudged his data to obtain results that approximated Haldane's 1924 statistical calculations. Gary Botting already regarded the case of the peppered moth as tantamount to belief in Lamarckian evolution. He diagnosed the black spots on Spurway's larvae as pebrine, a disease deadly to lepidoptera.
Gary Botting initially concluded from Spurway's observations about the black dots on her larvae, and from other similar statements, that she and J.B.S. Haldane were "committed Lamarckian evolutionists" who were prepared to believe, without sufficient evidence, in the possibility of rapid evolutionary adaptation. However, Botting later praised Spurway for her experiments with "Antheraea mylitta" and "Antheraea assamensis" (which she had tried to hybridize) and credited the Haldanes with encouraging him to accept the precepts of Darwinian evolution.
Fearing that J.B.S. Haldane and Spurway were attempting to "brainwash" Gary Botting and Susan Brown with Marxist propaganda, the United States Information Service denied permission to the science fair winners to return to the Indian Statistical Institute for a banquet organized by J.B.S. and Helen in their honour. Helen Spurway, J.B.S. and Krishna Dronamraju were present in Botting's room at the Oberoi Grand Hotel in Kolkata when Brown announced that U.S. Cultural Attache Duncan Emery had forbidden her and Botting from attending the banquet that evening. Haldane went on his much-publicized hunger strike to protest the U.S. insult.
Later, the Haldanes, who were irritated by the abrupt changes made by the Director Mahalanobis in the social programme of the visiting Soviet leader Kosygin, resigned from the Indian Statistical Institute. Eventually, they moved to Bhubaneswar, Orissa, to found the Genetics & Biometry Laboratory. However, Haldane soon developed cancer of the rectum and died there in 1964.
Helen Spurway's lifelong research interests also included animal behavior and domestication, which led to her close contacts with several eminent zoologists including Konrad Lorenz, Salim Ali, T. Dobzhansky and Ernst Mayr.
After her husband's death in 1964, in Bhubaneswar, Spurway moved to Hyderabad in Southern India and spent her remaining years there studying animal domestication, until her death in 1977.
Publications.
A partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="19841964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841964" title="Pagoda of Monk Wansong">
Pagoda of Monk Wansong

The Pagoda of Monk Wansong (Chinese: 万松老人塔; pinyin: Wàn Sōng Lǎo Rén Tǎ) of Beijing, China, is a pagoda first built during the Yuan Dynasty. Monk Wansong earned the respect of the people for teaching a member of the Liao royal family for thirty years. As a result, at his death a pagoda was built for his remains in Beijing. In 1753, Emperor Qianlong had an outer pagoda built over the Yuan dynasty original. In 1986, the Yuan-era original was discovered to be still intact inside. Until 2007, the pagoda was completely surrounded by residential buildings and inaccessible to the public. However, as part of the construction of the nearby Xisi subway station, the dwellings have been torn down, and the pagoda is currently under restoration. It is approximately 16 metres tall and has nine storeys.
References.
Pillsbury, Adam, ed. "Insider's Guide to Beijing 2008". Beijing: True Run Media, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19842017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842017" title="Bub">
Bub

Bub or BUB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19842034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842034" title="Stab Wounds (album)">
Stab Wounds (album)

Stab Wounds is an album by the German Melodic black metal band Dark Fortress which was released on June 11, 2004. The whole layout and cover art of the booklet has been designed by Travis Smith. A strictly limited 2-LP Vinyl version was released in December 2004 by the new German label Imperium Productions.
Track listing.
Total playing time 69:22
Cultural reference.
The sample ""Manche Menschen sagen ich bin ein Psycho... und sie haben recht, ich bin ein Psycho! Sehen Sie mich an."" at the beginning of the song "Self Mutilation" is from the film The Sixth Sense.

</doc>
<doc id="19842041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842041" title="Bartender Song (Sittin' at a Bar)">
Bartender Song (Sittin' at a Bar)

"Bartender Song (Sittin' at a Bar)" is a song by American southern rock group Rehab. It was released in May 2008 as the third single from their album, "Graffiti the World". It was the band's first single to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, at #64.
The song originally appeared as "Sittin' at a Bar" on the band's 2000 album "Southern Discomfort", released by Epic Records. The band were subsequently dropped by Epic in 2002, but the song became an underground hit on the internet and on jukeboxes. Rehab were later signed by Universal Records, with Avery Lipman (Co-President of Universal) describing the single as a "viral phenomenon" and stating that he had signed the band based on the success of their jukebox airplay,
2008 Re-recording.
Rehab re-recorded the song, now titled "Bartender Song (Sittin' at a Bar)" for the Universal Records re-release of their independent 2005 album "Graffiti the World". The song was released as a single in May 2008, charting at #64 on the Billboard Hot 100, their most successful release to date. The music video for the single featured Danny Trejo as the bartender and has a cameo from Larry Wilcox. Without their permission, their old label Epic re-released "Southern Discomfort", retitling the album "Sittin' at a Bar" in order to capitalize on the success of the 2008 single.
Remix featuring Hank Williams Jr..
In August 2008, a new radio-friendly remix of the single was released by Universal, featuring Hank Williams Jr. singing the second verse. The song peaked at #60 on the country charts. The music video takes place primarily in a bar, and depicts the events in the song. Hank Williams and his daughter Holly Williams also appear in that version's music video, with Holly playing the role of the bartender. The remix was covered by Internet cartoon band Your Favorite Martian on August 29, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19842044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842044" title="Technocity, Thiruvananthapuram">
Technocity, Thiruvananthapuram

Technocity is a technology park and integrated township in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), Kerala, India dedicated to electronics, software, and other Information Technology (IT) ventures. It is conceived in 2005 as the fourth phase of development of Technopark, Technocity is a complete IT City, spread across about 500 acres (200 hectares), which includes not just space for IT/ITES firms but also residential, commercial, hospitality, medical and educational facilities. The project is a new self-dependent satellite city, which would not strain the resources and infrastructure of the city of Thiruvananthapuram
The units in Technocity includes a wide variety of companies engaged in a range of activities, which include embedded software development, enterprise resource planning (ERP), process control software design, engineering and computer-aided design software development, IT Enabled Services (ITES), process re-engineering, animation and e-business. The firms will include domestic companies as well as subsidiaries of multi-national organisations.
Technocity is being jointly developed by the Government of Kerala and private developers. The Govt. is represented by Technopark and a special company called the Kerala State Information Technology Infrastructure Limited (KSITIL). Individual phases of the project will be developed as Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) between KSITIL and individual developers. KSITIL plans to hold 26% equity share in all the SPVs. Once fully operational, Technocity is expected to create about 200,000 employment opportunities.
Infrastructure.
Technocity provides all the infrastructure and support facilities needed for IT/ITES and electronics companies to function as well as for their employees to enjoy world-class lifestyles. This is done either directly or through private partners. In addition, Technocity, like Technopark, may provide business incubation facilities.
IT Space.
Technocity have up to 20 million square feet (1.9 million square meters) of built-up space within multiple buildings for its tenant organisations. This facility will be developed in phases across as many as 10 years.
Non-IT Space.
Technocity is being developed as an Integrated Township and it will include residential space, commercial space, retail facilities, multiplexes, hospitals and schools. This will enable employees in the companies at Technocity to enjoy a world-class lifestyle within walking distance of their offices.
Utilities and support facilities.
Technocity supply electricity through a 220 KV, 100 MVA dedicated internal power sub-station and distribution system with built-in redundancies at all levels. Water supply is from a dedicated treatment plant while there will be a sewage treatment plant built especially for Technocity. All these facilities will be developed by KSITIL and Technopark for the entire area.
Connectivity.
Thiruvananthapuram is connected to the National Internet Backbone and Technocity will be serviced by a variety of bandwidth providers, including Reliance Infocomm, Bharti Airtel, Videsh Sanchar Nigam and Asianet Dataline, through fibre optic lines in the campus. 
FLAG Telecom—a subsidiary of Reliance Infocomm—has landed its FALCON global cable system at Thiruvananthapuram, providing direct connectivity to the Maldives and Sri Lanka.Technocity will be connected through fiber link, in self-healing redundant ring architecture to Reliance Internet Data Center and Gateway at Mumbai, directly connecting to FLAG, the undersea cable system backbone that connects 134 countries including U.S, U.K, Middle East and Asia Pacific. This provides connectivity with the Middle East, South East Asia, Far East, Europe and North America.
Institutions.
Technocity will host at least two important educational and research institutes. The Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management–Kerala (IIITM–K) is a premier institution of Higher Education and Research and Development in applied Information Technology and Management. It is currently located at Technopark but has been allocated 10 acres (4 hectares) in Technocity to develop its own campus. In addition to providing post graduate courses in Information Technology, IIITM–K is a leader in Educational Networking and in setting up web portals which benefit the community. Portals for Computational chemistry and agricultural information dissemination are among its focus areas. IIITM–K is located at present in Park Centre.
The Asian School of Business (ASB) is an institution of post graduate management education. It was started in 2005. The ASB is currently located inside Technopark and plans to move to a campus in Technocity by 2010-11. ASB offers the full-time Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGPM). The Asian School of Business is managed by a Board of Governors which includes stalwarts of the Indian IT industry like Tata Consultancy Services CEO S. Ramadorai and Infosys CEO Kris Gopalakrishnan.
Phases of Development.
Technocity will be developed in multiple phases by a number of private developers in association with KSITIL and Technopark. The developers will chosen through global bidding as each phase becomes ready to be developed.
Tata Consultancy Services (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS), a leading IT services, consulting and business solutions organization, announced that it is setting up the world’s largest corporate learning and development center with a total capacity to train 15,000 professionals at one time and 50,000 professionals annually.
The proposed TCS Learning Campus in Thiruvananthapuram will be located on a 97-acre property in the Technopark area of the city. The campus will be built over an area of 6.1 million square feet and feature residential accommodation for professionals and faculty at the center. 
Phase I.
KSITIL has called for the Request for Proposal to develop about 60 acres (0.23 km².) of land as mixed-use IT/ITES park on October 16, 2008. This will be the First Phase of Technocity.
Nine major developers had qualified for the bid including the Indian subsidiary of the world's leading developer - Emaar Properties, a consortium of Forest City Enterprises and Sun Group, K.Raheja Corporation, Larsen and Toubro, Suzlon, Maytas Infrastructure and the Brigade Group.
Special Economic Zones in Technocity.
There are plans for nine Special Economic Zones (SEZs) within Technocity. These will be developed by multiple developers in association with KSITIL and Technopark. One SEZ has been set apart for development by Technopark itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19842062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842062" title="Sachar">
Sachar

Sachar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19842081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842081" title="Veltuzumab">
Veltuzumab

Veltuzumab is a monoclonal antibody which is being investigated for the treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. , it is undergoing Phase I/II clinical trials.
This drug was developed by Immunomedics, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19842083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842083" title="Cycling at the 2007 All-Africa Games">
Cycling at the 2007 All-Africa Games

Cycling was part of the 2007 All-Africa Games competition schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19842110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842110" title="Vedolizumab">
Vedolizumab

Vedolizumab (trade name Entyvio) is a monoclonal antibody being developed by Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc (a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceuticals) for the treatment of ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. It binds to integrin α4β7 (LPAM-1, lymphocyte Peyer's patch adhesion molecule 1). Blocking the α4β7 integrin results in gut-selective anti-inflammatory activity. It is marketed under the trade name Entyvio. 
Discovery.
The cell line used to develop vedolizumab was discovered by Dr. Andrew Lazarovits and Dr. Robert Colvin and was originally applied to anti-organ rejection strategies in kidney transplantation.
The research was conducted at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, MA. Dr. Lazarovits and Dr. Colvin's cell line was subsequently licensed to Millennium Pharmaceuticals of Boston for further development.
Clinical trials.
Vedolizumab has completed a number of phase 3 clinical trials for Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis (GEMINI I, GEMINI II, and GEMINI III) that demonstrate that vedolizumab is an effective and well tolerated drug. The results of the GEMINI 1 and GEMINI 2 randomized, placebo controlled multicenter trials of induction and maintenance therapy in Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis have been published. An additional clinical trial, GEMINI LTS (Long-term Safety), is still being run.
Approval status.
Takeda has filed a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) in the European Union on March 7, 2013 and a Biologic License Application (BLA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on June 21, 2013 for both Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis. On September 4, 2013, Vedolizumab was given a Priority Review Status, which functions to expedite potential acceptance to market.
On December 9, 2013, the Gastrointestinal Drugs Advisory Committee (GIDAC) & Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory Committee (DSaRM) discussed the Vedolizumab application for approval for both UC and CD under the trade name Entyvio. The voting went as follows: 1. Safety and efficacy data outweigh potential risks 21-0 2. 21-0 voted in favour of UC treatment 3. 20-1 voted in favour for CD treatment. Although GIDAC/DSaRM were a non-binding advisory committee, their opinions as field experts represent one of the last steps towards drug acceptance.

</doc>
<doc id="19842117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842117" title="Paul Citroen">
Paul Citroen

Roelof Paul Citroen (December 15, 1896 – March 13, 1983) was a German-born Dutch artist, art educator and co-founder of the New Art Academy in Amsterdam. Among his best-known works are the photo-montage Metropolis and the 1949 Dutch postage stamps.
Biography.
Early life.
Citroen was born and grew up in a middle-class family in Berlin. Both his parents were Dutch Jews. His father owned a fur shop. At an early age, Citroen began drawing, provoking strong support from his parents. He soon started to experiment with photography with Erwin Blumenfeld and studied art in Berlin.
In 1919 Citroen began studying at the Bauhaus, where he started taking lessons from Paul Klee and Wassily Kandinsky (part of Der Blaue Reiter) and Johannes Itten, who became one of his biggest influences. Around this time, he started Metropolis (1923), which became his best-known piece. Citroen's Metropolis influenced Fritz Lang to make his classic film "Metropolis". Between 1929 and 1935, Citroen made many photographs, clearly influenced by his work with Blumenfeld.
Later life.
He soon started up the Nieuwe Kunstschool (New Art School) with Charles Roelofsz. It ran out of money and closed down in 1937. That year, Citroen became a scholar at the Royal Academy of Art in The Hague. Among his many students are Kees Bol, Madeleine Gans, Henk Hartog, and Jos Zeegers. He designed his monumental postage stamps in 1949. In 1960 he stopped teaching and started painting portraits as his main focus. He painted portraits of famous Dutch people, including a well-known portrait of Liesbeth List in 1979. 
Paul Citroen died in 1983 in Wassenaar.

</doc>
<doc id="19842132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842132" title="Cho Byung-Kwan">
Cho Byung-Kwan

Cho Byung-Kwan (born May 5, 1981) is a male freestyle wrestler from South Korea. He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/16 of final he lost to Buvaisar Saitiev, but he got to the repechage round. There he beat Ahmet Gülhan, but then lost to Iván Fundora and was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19842141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842141" title="Alacizumab pegol">
Alacizumab pegol

Alacizumab pegol is an antineoplastic agent. Chemically, it is a pegylated F(ab')2 fragment of a monoclonal antibody.

</doc>
<doc id="19842148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842148" title="Leopold Wagner">
Leopold Wagner

Leopold Wagner (1927, Klagenfurt – 26 September 2008) was an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPÖ), serving as governor ("Landeshauptmann") of Carinthia from 1974 to 1988.
Wagner was governor of Carinthia for three consecutive terms, with an absolute majority in the state parliament each time, making him the only Carinthian governor with such a lengthy period of unchallenged rule. Along with his deputies, Erwin Frühbauer and Rudolf Gallob, he modernized the state considerably, and was considered a leading figure in its post-World War II politics.
He was controversial within his generally left-wing party, however, for his populist, nationalist tone. He replaced Hans Sima as governor amidst a wave of popular nostalgia for pan-German and nationalist sentiment, which he took advantage of by speaking unapologetically of his former high-ranking position in the Hitler Youth, and inveighing against Carinthia's Slovene minority.
He stepped down as governor in 1988, after being shot and seriously wounded in late 1987 at his 40th high school reunion, during a dispute with a former classmate. His populist nationalism is seen as a forerunner for that of Jörg Haider, who took over as governor of Carinthia a year later, in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19842154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842154" title="Eva Santamaría">
Eva Santamaría

Eva Santamaría (born Eva María Delgado Macías, 18 October 1971 in El Puerto de Santa María, Cádiz) is a Spanish singer, known for representing Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 with her song "Hombres" ("Men"), composed by the journalist Carlos Toro.
Before participating in the song festival, Santamaría became well known for participating in the musical television programs "Gente Joven", "El Salero" and "Las Coplas". She also collaborated with other artists on several albums and presented her own radio show on Radio Nacional de España. In the months before the Contest in early 1993, Carlos Toro helped Santamaría record her debut album "A buen puerto" ("Successful") in Los Angeles, on which "Hombres" became a hit single. To date, however, this album was her only release.
Coming off the album's success, Televisión Española selected Santamaría to represent the network and all of Spain at Eurovision 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland, with her hit "Hombres." She beat out other popular singers such as Yossek and Julián Contreras. Her song placed eleventh out of 25 in the Contest.
Santamaría did not pursue her singing career after disagreements with her manager, and sporadically appeared on television since then. She has since dedicated her focus on theatre and singing copla.

</doc>
<doc id="19842161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842161" title="Tanezumab">
Tanezumab

Tanezumab (INN, codenamed RN624) is a monoclonal antibody against nerve growth factor. It was developed by Pfizer as a treatment for pain.
In 2009 there was a Phase III trial for knee pain due to osteoarthritis (OA).
Another phase III trial for hip pain in OA was halted in June 2010 when some patients needed hip replacement.
Tanezumab is undergoing Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of various pain entities, including chronic low back pain, bone cancer pain, and interstitial cystitis.
In march of 2012 the Anti-NGF Testing - FDA Committee voted in favor of a continuation of the development of nerve-blocking medications, as long as certain safety precautions were observed. 
References.
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/242848.php

</doc>
<doc id="19842167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842167" title="John Johnson (footballer)">
John Johnson (footballer)

John James Johnson (born 16 September 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Indian club Bengaluru FC. A graduate of Middlesbrough youth academy he made his debut for the club against Chelsea. Lack of first team opportunites saw him being loaned to Tranmere Rovers and Northampton Town. He later signed for "The Cobblers" and made 150 appearances for the club before joining Bengaluru FC in the I-League, managed by his former teammate Ashley Westwood.
Career.
Middlesbrough.
Born in Middlesbrough,North Yorkshire, Johnson is a product of Middlesbrough academy where he joined in 2005. He signed a professional contract with Middlesbrough on 15 May 2008 and made his first team debut on 18 October 2008 in a home 5–0 defeat to Chelsea in the Premier League, coming on as a substitute for Jonathan Grounds in the 54th minute (which was his only appearance for the club). In November 2008, he made a loan move to League One side Tranmere Rovers until the end of the year. He made his debut in a 2–1 victory against Leeds United the following week, but scored an own goal in Tranmere's Football League Trophy northern area semi-final against Scunthorpe United, which gave Scunthorpe a 2–1 victory. He played five games, four in the league, during his loan spell with Tranmere.
Northampton Town.
Johnson joined League Two club Northampton Town on a one-month loan in September 2009. He made his debut for the club in a 3–0 loss against Shrewsbury Town and a few weeks later scored the first goal of his professional career, in a 2–2 draw against Bradford City. Having played four games, Johnson said he hoped to help the club back to winning ways. On 22 October 2009, he extended his stay at Northampton until the new year. Two days after extending his stay,on 24 December, he scored his second goal, after scoring his first goal about three weeks earlier, in a 4–2 win over Morecambe. The loan was extended until the end of the season in December.
Northampton signed Johnson on a permanent basis in July 2010 following the successful loan spell on a two-year contract. After signing for the club on a permanent basis, Johnson's first match was on the opening game of the season, in a 3–0 loss against Torquay United. Two months later, he received a straight red card after fouling Simon Clist and lost his appeal, meaning he was given a one-match ban, missing a 3–1 loss against Oxford United. A week after his suspension, he scored his first goal as a permanent Northampton player in a 2–0 win over Lincoln City. In his first season at Northampton (as a permanent player), he made 41 appearances and scored seven goals.
Johnson was appointed as captain ahead of the new season, having previously captained the club but stripped following the arrival of Clarke Carlisle last season, after he took the captaincy in a friendly match against Nottingham Forest. Johnson retained his first team place, making 48 appearance and scoring twice in two consecutive games against Morecambe and Southend. During a 3–2 loss against Burton Albion on 26 December 2011, Johnson received a straight red card in the 18th minute, for fouling John McGrath. After the match, the club announced it would appeal against his sending-off. Eventually, the club won the appeal after The Football Association overturned the decision,therefore making him available to play.
On 16 May 2012, Johnson signed a new one-year contract with Northampton as his contract was due to expire in the summer, keeping him until 2013. After signing, manager Aidy Boothroyd said he expected Johnson to realise his full potential in the coming season. However, he suffered a cartilage injury that ruled him out for four to six weeks. He made a return in a 1–1 draw against York City. But, his return was short-lived when he came off at half-time and was out until January after undergoing knee surgery. After making his return on 19 January 2013 against AFC Wimbledon in a 1–1 draw, Boothroyd said Johnson made the team tougher and more aggressive. Later in the 2012–13 season, Johnson would regained his first team place and the club finished six place, resulting the club in the play-offs. Johnson described the season as "the strongest team" he had played in. After making two appearances in the play-offs, Johnson was as an unused substitute in the matches, but Northampton Town, lose 3–0 against Bradford City to send the club promoted to League One. After the play-off's ended, the club released Johnson.
Bengaluru FC.
On 16 July 2013, Johnson signed for Bengaluru FC of the I-League, along with Curtis Osano, to become the first foreigners in the team's history. He made his debut for the side in their first ever I-League match on 22 September 2013 against Mohun Bagan A.C. in which he started and played the full match as Bengaluru drew the match 1–1. He then scored his first goal for the club in the next match against Rangdajied United F.C. in which he scored in the 33rd minute to give Bengaluru the lead in a match they would win 3–0. He then scored his second goal in as many matches on 6 October 2013 against United S.C. in which he found the net in the 4th minute to lead Bengaluru to a 1–0 victory. Johnson then continued his scoring streak in the very next match against Mohammedan S.C. on 10 October 2013 in which he found the net in the 12th minute as Bengaluru won 2–1.
Style of play.
Johnson has been described as a lanky centre-back with goalscoring ability and said to be "one of the best footballing imports to the country" after arriving in India. Though mainly a centre-back, Johnson can also play at right back and at defensive midfield. His height does not only helps to be an influential in the defence but also from the set-pieces. He is also consistent, a firm fans' favourite and a brave, no nonsense defender.

</doc>
<doc id="19842185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842185" title="Shelomo Selinger">
Shelomo Selinger

Shelomo Selinger (born May 31, 1928) is a French-Israeli sculptor and artist, living and working in Paris since 1956.
Biography.
Shelomo Selinger was born to a Jewish family in Poland in the small town of Szczakowa (today part of Jaworzno) near Oswiecim (Auschwitz). He received both a traditional Jewish upbringing and a Polish public school education. In 1943 he was deported with his father from the Chrzanow ghetto to the Faulbrück concentration camp in Germany. Three months later his father was murdered and Shelomo remained alone in the camp. His mother as well as one of his sisters also perished during the Holocaust. 
Shelomo Selinger survived nine German death camps: Faulbrück, Gröditz, Markstadt, Fünfteichen, Gross-Rosen, Flossenburg, Dresden, Leitmeritz and finally Theresienstadt (Terezin), as well as two death marches. 
He was discovered, still breathing, on a stack of dead bodies when the Terezin camp was liberated in 1945 by the Red Army. The Jewish military doctor who pulled Shelomo out of the pile of corpses transferred him to a military field hospital where he was taken care of and where he came back to life. He recovered his health but lost his memory and for seven years was completely amnesic to his past sufferings and horrors. 
In 1946 Shelomo Selinger boarded the Tel Haï, a ship leaving La Ciotat and headed to the then British Mandate Palestine with a group of young death camps survivors who, with the help of the Jewish Brigade of the British Army, had crossed illegally the borders of Germany, Belgium and France. The ship was seized outside the territorial waters of Haifa by the British Royal Navy. The passengers, none of whom had a legal immigration certificate, were interned in the Atlit camp. 
After his liberation from this camp, Selinger joined the kibbutz Beit-Ha'arava near the Dead Sea. During the Israeli Independence War in 1948 he participated in the Sodom battle, while his kibbutz was destroyed. Shelomo Selinger then was one of the founders of kibbutz Kabri, in the Galilee. That's where in 1951 he met his future wife, Ruth Shapirovsky, who came to the kibbutz as a volunteer worker with her Haifa high school class. They were married in 1954. At that time Shelomo began to fill in the gaps in his memory and started to sculpt.
In 1955 Shelomo Selinger was awarded the Norman Prize of the America-Israel Foundation. A year later he enrolled in Paris at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts. He studied traditional clay modelling with the sculptor Marcel Gimond, but did not abandon his own personal style and continued carving directly on working materials with hammers, sledge hammers and chisels. 
Too poor to buy his own working materials, Selinger went hunting for stone blocks in the slum belt of Paris and came back with a very dense and hard bloc of granite capable of capturing and reflecting light. Granite became his favourite stone. Romanian sculptor Constantin Brâncuși introduced him to Vosges sandstone ("Grès de Vosges") and gave him a grindstone made of this reddish stone, a symbolic present to Shelomo as a successor to Brâncuși's direct carving technique. Selinger also carved wood, using mainly easily available firewood. 
After spending three years in the Beaux Arts school, he started attending what he calls the "best school" of all, the museums of Paris. Primarily he spent time at the Louvre, and the studios of the greatest Parisian sculptors of the time, for example Ossip Zadkine, Jean Arp, Alberto Giacometti and Joseph Constant (born Joseph Constantinovsky), a Franco-Russian wildlife sculptor, writer and painter. 
A sculpture named "Motherhood", inspired by his wife and the birth of their son Rami, earned Selinger the Suisse Neumann Prize. It was the first acknowledgement of his talent in Paris. This work is now part of the permanent collection of the Modern Art Museum of the city of Paris. Thus Selinger—a survivor of the German death camps of World War II—has become a renowned sculptor of birth, rebirth and life itself. 
The Jewish Museum of New York discovered Selinger in 1960, putting seven of his sculptures on show, but it was the Paris art gallery owner Michel Dauberville who really recognized Selinger's genius and continuously encouraged and promoted him when he became the owner of his parents’ gallery, the Galerie Bernheim-Jeune. He exhibited Selinger's work in 1962, 1963 and 1965 and continued with showings in 1972, 1989, 1990, 1995, 1996, 2002 and 2006 and 2009.
Further recognition came to Selinger in 1973 when he won first prize in an international competition with his monument titled "The Gates of Hell" in memory of those who had passed through Drancy camp on the outskirts of Paris during World War II. Drancy was a major transit point for Jews arrested by French police and German occupation forces, destined for rail transport to Auschwitz and other death camps. 77,000 French Jews were deported via Drancy, including 11,204 children.
Many other awards followed. In 1973 Shelomo Selinger was named "Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur" to the prestigious French Legion of Honor by President François Mitterrand. Since 2006 Selinger bears the title "Officier de la Légion d'Honneur".
Currently living in Paris with his devoted wife, he never hesitates to tell his story of survival and to show his work for those who wish to see it. He works with marble, granite, stone, and wood. Most of his creations are of loving embraces or those that emit some type of remembrance. His work is very popular since he uses all of his own tools and his imagination is his muse. An extremely nice man, incredibly gifted, and a genius with his hands.
Citations.
My partners in creation are matter and light. Every stone has its own specific personality and this has to be respected. I contemplate for a long time before I discover the dormant form inside. My task is to bring the form to light. The transition from shadow to light is the secret of sculpting. In my wood sculptures I follow the natural forms of the wood and I try to bring forth a shape that can enable light to burst forth. I am amazed time and again at how the very structure of my piece of wood, its veins and its fibres, take control of my creation. I carve directly in stone. My tools are my hammer, my chisel and my hands. I think they are perfect for conveying and reflecting my feelings. I have never used machinery. Machines follow their own pattern and their rhythm is too fast. My unquenchable thirst for freedom, as well as my quest for light, a consequence of my life in the camps, are ever-present in my work. The technique of direct hand carving in stone or wood is an everlasting remainder and reminder of my time as a prisoner digging a tunnel to freedom. The prisoner, who drills, bores and excavates, hopes to be free once his tunnel is finished and the light at the end of it is revealed. In truth he is neither free before, neither during his digging nor after his escape. My salvation is in the very act of digging and carving. Once I finish a piece I start a new one immediately. I am never short of inspiration nor of a subject.
Major works.
Selinger's work on the Mémorial national des Déportés de France (French National Deportation Memorial) in Drancy, in rose coloured granite, took two years of carving by hand and was unveiled in 1976. The Mémorial de la Résistance in La Courneuve followed in 1987. In the meantime Selinger created the Requiem pour les Juifs d'Allemagne (Requiem for German Jewry) (1980) in Bosen, Sarreland and the Monument aux Justes parmi les Nations (Monument for the Unknown Righteous among the Nations) at Yad Vashem in Jerusalem (1987). Selinger started treating monumental statuary in open space in 1964 with his sculpture L’Esprit et la matière n° 1 (Spirit and matter n° 1), erected in Saint- Avold (Moselle), followed by L’Esprit et la matière n° 2 in Wissembourg (Bas-Rhin). The superb white marble Moise ou la Vitcoire de la lumière (Moses and the Victory of Light), set up in Arandjelovac (Serbia) has kept its head but the prophet's rays were destroyed by lightning.
Some of his other important open-air monuments are La tauromachie des arènes du Bouscat (Gironde) in 1974, La Danse, a group of 35 flower boxes created in 1982, stretching from the place Basse of the Esplanade Charles-de-Gaulle, to the La Défense (Hauts de Seine), covering an area of 3.600 square meters and the Groupe de 13 sculptures (1991) in the Tel-Hai Industrial park in the Galilee, a part of the 24 granite and basalt sculptures bought by the Open Air Museum of Tefen. These works are on display in Tel-Aviv, in Omer or in Lavon. Since 1998, Le prophète Elie (The Prophet Elijah) towers over the Mount Carmel dominating Haifa. 
Selinger's sculptures comprise today more than 800 works in all possible materials and sizes, granite, red granite, sandstone, marble, bronze, oak, blackwood, cherry wood, ash tree or beech. Forty-eight monumental open-air statues are exhibited in public places. Five of these monuments are dedicated to the Shoa (holocaust) and the Résistance. 
On the 103rd anniversary of the 1906 rehabilitation of Captain Dreyfus, the first deputy mayor of Paris, Anne Hidalgo, announced the creation of a new association. The association proposes to launch a national subscription campaign for the erection of a statue of Émile Zola on the Place Alfred Dreyfus in the fifteenth arrondissement in Paris. The sculptor will be Shelomo Selinger.
Selinger's graphic works in Indian ink and/or charcoal number thousands. Part of his drawings represents his concentration camp experience, but most of his works are real celebrations of life. Shelomo Selinger’s works were exhibited in about forty museums and galleries all over the world.
Bibliography.
Paris. Somogy Edition d’Art. 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19842193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842193" title="Enid del Carmen Rivera">
Enid del Carmen Rivera

Enid del Carmen Rivera Velázquez (born November 7, 1980) is a female freestyle wrestler from Puerto Rico. She participated in 2008 FILA Wrestling World Championships in the cat. "55" kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19842195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842195" title="Lebanon national under-20 football team">
Lebanon national under-20 football team

The Lebanese National Under 20 Football Team represents the Lebanese Republic in Under 20 competitions. Their official nickname is The Cedars. The team is controlled by Federation Libanaise de Football Association (LFA), which is currently a member of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) and also the West Asian Football Federation (WAFF). 
The team has never qualified for the FIFA U20 World Cup. They have only participated once in 2008 at the AFC U19 Asian Cup where they finished in last place of their respective group.
The U20 team has produced notable players such as Roda Antar and Youssef Mohamad.

</doc>
<doc id="19842204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842204" title="Eric Rhode">
Eric Rhode

Eric Rhode (born 10 May 1934) is a British writer on traditional cosmology and psychoanalysis.
Life and work.
Rhode's writing is unusual in its striving towards the integration of a wide variety of interests and intellectual disciplines. Coming from a background of many years' work as a critic, author and broadcaster on film and the arts, he undertook a personal psychoanalysis with Donald Meltzer and extended his understanding of psychoanalysis through training as a child psychotherapist at the Tavistock Clinic under Martha Harris. A major concern in his writing is to show how the grammar of psychopathology is a key to major insights of general interest. His later work addresses the interface between the structures discernible in dreams, children's play, aesthetics, ethnographic ritual, and philosophy. 
As an undergraduate, Rhode directed plays at the Edinburgh festival; his own early play, – "The Pagoda Fugue" - was aired on BBC Radio. His writing on film appeared in "Sight and Sound", "The Listener", "Encounter", "The Observer"; he contributed pieces on literature and art to the "New Statesman" and "The Financial Times", while the "New Society" and "The Times Literary Supplement" published pieces on psychoanalytic topics, and occasional pieces ran in "The Sunday Times". During this period, Rhode wrote "Tower of Babel" (a collection of writing on the cinema) and also "The History of the Cinema from its origins to 1970" for Penguin Books. He edited "A game that must be lost", the posthumous papers by Adrian Stokes on psychoanalysis and art, and hosted a 70-minute programme on Adrian Stokes for BBC Radio 3.
After qualifying as a child psychotherapist, Rhode worked in the National Health Service at Paddington Green Child Guidance Clinic and in private practice, and studied with eminent Kleinian psychoanalysts including Wilfred Bion. His first psychoanalytically-informed book was "Of Birth and Madness", a London "Times" Book of the Week. It arose out of interviews he conducted in an inpatient unit for mothers with post-partum psychosis and their babies, but also addressed the historical and cultural evolution of attitudes towards pregnancy and childbirth and the psychiatric theories they inspired. His later books continue to be psychoanalytically informed but extend into aspects of traditional cosmology. Married to the child psychotherapist Maria Rhode. Four children. He lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19842220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842220" title="Pierre Moussa">
Pierre Moussa

Pierre Moussa (born 24 July 1941) is a Congolese politician who has been President of the Commission of the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa since 2012. He served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Planning from 1979 to 1991; later, he was Minister of Spatial Planning from 1997 to 2002, Minister of Planning and Spatial Planning from 2002 to 2009, and Minister of State for the Economy, Planning, and Spatial Planning from 2009 to 2012.
Political career.
Moussa was born in Owando, located in northern Congo-Brazzaville. He was appointed as Secretary-General of Planning in 1978. Under President Denis Sassou Nguesso, Moussa was promoted to the government as Minister of Planning in 1979, and in the same year he joined the Central Committee of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT). On the PCT Central Committee, he was designated as Secretary for Planning and the Economy in 1984, and on 21 August 1987 his ministerial portfolio was modified when he was appointed as Minister of Planning and Finance. Considered "the regime's economist", Moussa joined the PCT Political Bureau in 1989 and was assigned responsibility for planning and the economy; he was also promoted to the rank of Minister of State for Planning and the Economy in the government named on 13 August 1989. He remained Minister of State for Planning and the Economy until 1991.
After Sassou Nguesso returned to power in the June–October 1997 civil war, he appointed Moussa to the government as Minister of Spatial Planning and Regional Development on 2 November 1997. In the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in the first constituency of Owando; he won the seat in the first round with 54.53% of the vote. Following the election, his portfolio was modified and he was named Minister of Planning, Spatial Planning, and Economic Integration on 18 August 2002. He was later promoted to the rank of Minister of State for Planning, Spatial Planning, Economic Integration, and NEPAD on 7 January 2005.
In the June–August 2007 parliamentary election, Moussa was again elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Owando's first constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 99.94% of the vote. Following the election, he was retained as Minister of State for Planning and Spatial Planning in the government named on 30 December 2007. After Sassou Nguesso won another term in the July 2009 presidential election, he re-organized the government, designating four ministers as coordinators of broad areas of government policy on 15 September 2009; Moussa, as one of the four, was assigned to coordinate economic matters in the government, and he was on the same occasion appointed as Minister of State for the Economy, Planning, Spatial Planning, and Integration.
At the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held in July 2011, Moussa was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau. A year later, Moussa was designated as President of the Commission of the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa (CEMAC), with a five-year term, at the 11th Summit of CEMAC Heads of State, held in July 2012 at Brazzaville. He was sworn in as President of the CEMAC Commission on 28 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19842229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842229" title="Charles Exbrayat">
Charles Exbrayat

Charles Exbrayat, born in Saint-Étienne, Loire, France on 5 May 1906, was a French fiction writer. He published over 100 novels and short stories, most of them humorous thrillers. They were very popular and a considerable number were turned into films.
While living in Nice with his parents, he was studying to becoming a medical doctor, but then found his true calling as a writer.
His debut novel was "Aller sans Retour" (single fare, no return), written while in Geneva, before going to Paris. He was one of the most famous French authors of the illustrious "le Masque" collection. He wrote a number of novels set in Scotland (Imogene series) and in Italy. His other interests included gourmet food and fine wines.
Overs.
To honor writers who specialized in detective stories, the city of Saint-Étienne created a special prize to be attributed during their book festival and called it the Charles Exbrayat Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19842241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842241" title="Just Macbeth!">
Just Macbeth!

Just Macbeth is an alternate version of William Shakespere's play Macbeth. It was written by Australian children’s author Andy Griffiths and produced by Bell Shakespeare as well as being released as a book.
Cast.
Andy - Patrick Brammall
Danny - Justin Smith
Lisa - Pippas Grandison
Storyline.
"For the basic plotline, see Macbeth."
Andy, Lisa and Danny are practicing a scene from Macbeth. They make a potion with all three of them then drinking the potion, which sends them into the Macbeth play. After a battle Andy and Danny walk and find three witches, who tell them that Macbeth is going to be Thane of Cawdor and Banquo's children will be king before disappearing. Andy and Danny then realized that they are in Macbeth. Lennox then comes in and tells them that King Duncan would be arriving at Macbeth’s castle to celebrate and he would be staying the night there. Macbeth goes back to his castle where he finds that Lisa is Lady Macbeth. King Duncan and Lennox then arrive at there castle and celebrate their victory. Andy and Lisa decide to do kill the king. When Andy goes out to kill King Duncan he meets Danny and his son Fleance. Andy kills the king in his sleep. Everyone is shocked to hear that the king has been killed. Andy becomes increasingly suspicious of Danny and the witch’s prophecy. He orders two assassins to kill Danny and Fleance. They succeed in killing Danny but Fleance escapes.At the banquet, Danny's ghost haunts Macbeth, who runs away from the ghost in fear. The others who can't see the ghost think Macbeth is going mad. Macbeth then goes to visit the witches again. The witches summon some spirits who tell him that no man born of a woman can kill him. Andy thinks everybody is born from a woman, and that no one can kill him and that he will never be overthrown. He orders many people to be killed. A doctor and a nurse tell him Andy that Lisa had gone mad and sleepwalks. Andy becomes increasingly guilty of what he has done. A guard then tells Andy that Lisa died and that an army of gnomes are attacking from England. Still convinced that no one can kill him, he fights the gnomes. MacDuff then fights Macbeth. MacDuff tells Andy that he was not born of a woman because "from his mother's womb he was untimely ripped" right before cutting Andy's head off. It is then revealed that the entire play was Andy, Danny and Lisa’s version of Macbeth.
Book and film.
"Just Macbeth!" was released as a book in England in June 2009. It contains pictures by Terry Denton, like it happens with the other books of the series. Several things were changed from the play, for example: the King sings a generic song, and "Happy Tree Friends" is changed to Axe Wielding, Blood-Sucking Freaks.
Self References.
All six "Just!" books are mentioned or quoted, and on page 66, there's all the weird creatures from the front covers of them.
The Bad book is also mentioned on page 197, saying to look at all of the pages in the book to find out more about 'the bottom of the barrel'.

</doc>
<doc id="19842243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842243" title="Sleepless Nights and City Lights">
Sleepless Nights and City Lights

Sleepless Nights and City Lights is a live compilation album and DVD by Australian metalcore band I Killed the Prom Queen, released through Stomp Entertainment on 22 November 2008. The album featured the first live tracks released by I Killed the Prom Queen, excluding the bonus tracks available on the tour edition of "Music for the Recently Deceased".
The DVD features the band in front of their hometown crowd at the HQ's in Adelaide, during their final tour, the 2008 Say Goodbye Tour. They performed songs from all of their releases, with the tour bringing the return of former vocalist Michael Crafter. The DVD contains interviews with each band member, discussing their experiences within I Killed the Prom Queen and the possibility of a return. The initial pressing of the DVD came with a live CD recorded at the Hifi Bar in Melbourne and a tour laminate. The original release of the DVD was set for a September release, but was delayed, then was set for a 8 November release, but once again it was delayed due to classification issues. The album was eventually released on 22 November 2008 and 17 March 2009 in the U.S.It is rated MA15+ for Alcohol Abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="19842245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842245" title="Aleksandr Sergeyev (chess player)">
Aleksandr Sergeyev (chess player)

Aleksandr Sergeyevich Sergeyev (28 August 1897, Serpukhov – 24 January 1970, Moscow) was a Russian chess master.
He won the Moscow City Chess Championship in 1925. In other editions of the same event, he tied for 3rd-5th in 1922/23 (Nikolai Grigoriev won), took 6th in 1924 (Grigoriev won), took 7th in 1926 (Abram Rabinovich won), tied for 5-6th in 1927 (Nikolai Zubarev, won), tied for 3rd-4th in 1928 (Boris Verlinsky won), took 17th in 1930 (Zubarev won), took 19th in 1933/34 (Nikolai Riumin won), and tied for 10-12th in 1935 (Riumin won).
Participating on three occasions at the USSR Chess Championship, he tied for 16-17th at Moscow 1924 (Efim Bogoljubow won), tied for 9-10th at Leningrad 1925 (Bogoljubow won), and took 13th at Moscow 1927 (Fedor Bogatyrchuk and Peter Romanovsky won).

</doc>
<doc id="19842250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842250" title="Dave Pearson (painter)">
Dave Pearson (painter)

David Samuel Pearson (4 August 1937 – 19 July 2008), commonly known as "Dave Pearson", was an English painter and educator who was "a great example of an artist whose life was completely dedicated to serving the imagination". Highly prolific, throughout his life he produced a prodigious quantity of work.
Life.
Dave Pearson was born in Clapton, London in 1937. His father, Sam, was a tailor and his mother Ann went on, in later life, to become a prolific self-taught artist. Pearson was evacuated to Leicester at the age of 7, and later attended Parmiter's Grammar School in Bethnal Green. 
He went on to study painting at both Saint Martin's School of Art and the Royal Academy Schools. In 1963 he began teaching at Preston School of Art but soon moved to Manchester School of Art where he remained until his retirement in 2002. He lived and kept a studio in Haslingden, Rossendale, as well as at Globe Arts, also in Rossendale. Although he exhibited, notably at the Bluecoat Gallery, Liverpool; the Serpentine Gallery, London; the Ikon Gallery, Birmingham; and Chester Arts Centre, he worked obsessively, apparently oblivious to the wider art world.
Work.
In 1959 Dave Pearson exhibited as part of the "Young Contemporaries" exhibition in London, and followed this with an exhibition "Astronauts" at the New Arts Centre.
Shortly after his move to Manchester his work was based on the work of Van Gogh, having been inspired by seeing "Lust for Life". He filled his house and studio with larger-than-life installations, including The Potato Eaters and The (Van Gogh) Bedroom. He then produced a series of nearly 400 drawings and paintings based on the Book of Revelation. By the 1980s he was working on another large series of drawings, drypoints and paintings based on English Calendar Customs and, later, a series based on the Abbots Bromley Horn Dance - "In the Seven Woods".
Inspired by the Yeats poem Sailing to Byzantium, throughout the 1990s Dave produced an enormous body of work and staged a series of ambitious one person shows in the north of England with paintings specially created to fit the dimensions of each space. At the Bede Gallery, Jarrow, where the space was not quite big enough, he covered the floor with mirrors so he could use every inch of the ceiling. Byzantium and Jerusalem Part One, in which he filled the Holden Gallery in Manchester quite literally floor to ceiling, followed in 1997, described as "reminiscent more of an ancient mediterranean orthodox monastery than what one expects to encounter in an art gallery".
As well as literary sources, other themes for his work have included Palmers Yard and the Jarrow March, war memorials, mediaeval bestiaries, ancient sites in Orkney and latterly his own illness and mortality. Throughout his life he continued to exhibit in the UK and Europe. 
During his life he produced well over 13,000 pieces of work. Adrian Henri, in "Environments and Happenings" noted his obsessional quality, and went on to describe Dave (in 1974) as "one of the most exciting new artists around".
The estate was inherited by Dave Pearson's son Christopher, who made over the artwork to a new body, the Dave Pearson Trust, that now owns and manages the work. Recent exhibitions at the See Gallery and other places have kept the work visible.
Teaching.
For much of his working life Pearson was a lecturer, and later Senior Lecturer, in the Department of Fine Arts at Manchester Metropolitan University, 1964-2002. As an artist he was phenomenally productive, anarchic and passionate, and he encouraged and nurtured these qualities in his students throughout his long teaching career. As the painter Stuart Bradshaw commented "Dave the teacher was much less of a teacher than Dave the artist." If Pearson was a great exemplar of what an artist is, he was also no respecter of budgets, bureaucracy or limitations of any kind and was renowned for his ability to use a whole year's worth of course materials in a week-long project.
Posthumous developments.
The Dave Pearson Trust has been able to save Pearson's studio in Haslingden, which was left on his death in a dilapidated and semi-ruined condition. The Trust has gone on to start cataloging the enormous body of work, hold exhibitions both at the restored studio and the 'See Gallery', and begin to develop a wider interest in the artist. In September 2011 a film, "To Byzantium", directed by the film-maker Derek Smith, was released that shows a group of friends rescuing the artist's work and describing the development of his work. In November 2010 the film was shown in the UK on the Community Channel, and submitted to the New York Film Festivals World's Best Television and film, and the Sheffield Documentary Festival.
As a result of this, and the involvement of the critic, writer and poet, Edward Lucie-Smith, there was a large exhibition of Pearson's work at the Bermondsey Project gallery in London, in April/May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19842253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842253" title="Thomas Sparke (bishop)">
Thomas Sparke (bishop)

Thomas Sparke was the only incumbent of the office of Bishop of Berwick. Previously Prior of Lindisfarne and Prebendary at Durham Cathedral 
, he was consecrated by Archbishop Lee of York in 1536 and continued in post until his death in 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="19842255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842255" title="Rowing at the 2007 All-Africa Games">
Rowing at the 2007 All-Africa Games

Rowing was part of the 2007 All-Africa Games competition schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19842287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842287" title="S.O.S. (Pink Lady song)">
S.O.S. (Pink Lady song)

"S.O.S." is a song Yū Aku and Shunichi Tokura wrote for Japanese idol duo Pink Lady. It was released as the group's second single in November 1976, and became their first number-one hit on the Japanese Oricon singles chart in the following year.
"S.O.S." features Morse code which stands for the song title at the opening of the song. Because its sound effect might be mistaken for genuine Morse code, intro of the track has been omitted occasionally when the song has played on the radio. The song has been one of favorites for both the duo and the fans, and it is also one of the essential songs performed in their concerts.
Reception.
Led by commercial success of its predecessor "Pepper Keibu" which reached the number-4 on the Japanese Oricon chart, "S.O.S" climbed the top of the country's hit parade three months after its release. A single remained on the chart for 38 weeks, selling approximately 650,000 copies. According to the record label Victor, "S.O.S." has sold in excess of 1.2 million units to date.
According to Oricon it was the 8th best selling single from 1977.
The song is used as background music in one episode of the anime TV series His and Her Circumstances, as a song the female lead, Yukino Miyazawa, can't get out of her head.
Track listing (7" vinyl).
All tracks composed by Shunichi Tokura, lyrics written by Yū Aku.

</doc>
<doc id="19842301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842301" title="Um Thron und Liebe">
Um Thron und Liebe

Um Thron und Liebe is a 1955 German drama film directed by Fritz Kortner and starring Luise Ullrich.

</doc>
<doc id="19842319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842319" title="Husslin'">
Husslin'

Husslin' is an EP by Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall, released independently on April 11, 2000, on Figure IV Entertainment, and distributed by Fat Beats Records in the United States. The title track, "Husslin'", was one of the hottest 12" singles of 2000. "And What?", featuring Saukrates, was released as a single in 1999. "Husslin'" and "Mic T.H.U.G.S." also appear on Kardinal's second studio album, "". An updated version of "U R Ghetto When", known as "U R Ghetto 2002", is on the "Quest for Fire" album.
Reception.
Allmusic stated ""Husslin"' offers just a peek of the best that Canadian hip-hop has to offer," also praising Kardinal as "Canada's best hip-hop producer." The EP was nominated for Best Rap Recording at the 2001 Juno Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19842331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842331" title="Rietvlei Dam">
Rietvlei Dam

The Rietvlei dam is an earth-fill type dam and is one of a number of dams supplying water to the Pretoria region of South Africa. It supplies around 41 million liters of drinking water daily, about 5.9% of the water requirement of Pretoria. The dam mainly serves for municipal and industrial use. Its hazard potential has been ranked high (3).
Constructed as a brick dam wall in 1934, it was extended between 1988 and 1990 by raising the dam wall with the addition of a concrete wall on top of the original wall.
The dam is fed by the Rietvlei, a river of the Crocodile River (Limpopo) basin, as well as by five fountains and five boreholes.
The Rietvlei Nature Reserve occupies the area immediately surrounding the dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19842345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842345" title="Jay Gogue">
Jay Gogue

George Jay Gogue (born 1947) has been the President of Auburn University since 2007.
Biography.
Jay Gogue was born in Waycross, Georgia. He graduated from Auburn University with a bachelor's degree in 1969, and a Master's degree in 1971. In 1973, he received a PhD in horticulture from Michigan State University.
From 1973 to 1976, he worked for the National Park Service. He also worked as a U.S. army reserve officer. In 1986, he was appointed as Associate Director of the Office of University Research at Clemson University in South Carolina. He also served as Vice-President for Research and Vice-President/Vice-Provost for Agriculture and Natural Resources at Clemson from 1988 to 1995. From 1995 to 2000, he served as Provost of Utah State University. He served as President of New Mexico State University from 2000 to 2003. He also served as chancellor of the University of Houston System and president of the University of Houston from 2003 to 2007. Since 2007, he has served as President of Auburn University.
He is a member of Phi Kappa Phi and Golden Key honor societies, Sigma Chi Fraternity, Sigma Xi and Scabbard and Blade. He has served as an accreditation reviewer for the Pacific Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges. He is also a Board member of the Natural Resources Ecology Section of the National Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges. He serves on the policy committee of the Oak Ridge Associated Universities and is a technical reviewer for the National Science Foundation. He is also a certified accreditation reviewer for the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges, Commission on Colleges.

</doc>
<doc id="19842365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842365" title="Winter in the Woods">
Winter in the Woods

Winter in the Woods () is a 1956 German drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Claus Holm.

</doc>
<doc id="19842376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842376" title="Aydyn Aimbetov">
Aydyn Aimbetov

Aydyn Akanovich Aimbetov (born July 27, 1972 in the Kolkhoz "Zarya Kommunisma", Kazakhstan) is a Kazakh cosmonaut.

</doc>
<doc id="19842420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842420" title="Department of Plant Sciences, University of Oxford">
Department of Plant Sciences, University of Oxford

The Department of Plant Sciences, at the University of Oxford, focusses on research and teaching in plant and fungal biology.
History.
Forestry was an important part of the university under the name of the "Imperial Forest Institute", from 1924, later the Commonwealth Forest Institute from 1939. The Oxford Forestry Institute was incorporated into the Department of Plant Sciences in 2002 , and research relating to forestry is now undertaken under the department's name. It ran a post graduate MSc forestry course for many years: "Forestry and its Relation to Land Use" (e.g.).
Research.
The department has three research groups:
Herbaria.
The department houses the Oxford University Herbaria that consists of two Herbaria:
In total the collections contain 800,000 specimens.
The department has close links with the University's Oxford Botanic Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19842425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842425" title="Mukhtar Aymakhanov">
Mukhtar Aymakhanov

Mukhtar Rabatovich Aymakhanov (born January 1, 1967 in Dzhusaly, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakh cosmonaut. 

</doc>
<doc id="19842440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842440" title="HMS Opossum">
HMS Opossum

Six ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Opossum", after the opossum:

</doc>
<doc id="19842451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842451" title="Federico Román Province">
Federico Román Province

Federico Román (or: "General Federico Román") is one of the five provinces of the Bolivian department of Pando and is situated in the department's northeastern parts. Its name honours General Federico Román.
Location.
"Aroma" province is located between 09° 41' and 10° 51' South and between 65° 17' and 66° 39' West. It extends over 150 km from North to South, and 200 km from West to East.
The province is situated in the Amazon lowlands of Bolivia and borders Abuná Province in the West, Manuripi Province in the Southwest, Beni Department in the Southeast, and Brazil in the East and North.
The border to Beni Department in the South forms Río Beni, to neighbouring Brazil Río Madeira in the East and Río Abuná in the North.
Population.
The population of Federico Román Province has increased by more than 100% over the recent two decades:
The literacy rate of the province's population is 72.6%. "(1992)" 
Division.
The province comprises three municipios:

</doc>
<doc id="19842452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842452" title="Beloved Corinna">
Beloved Corinna

Beloved Corinna ( and also known as "Corinna Darling") is a 1956 German drama film directed by Eduard von Borsody and starring Elisabeth Müller.

</doc>
<doc id="19842460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842460" title="Lulsgate Aerodrome">
Lulsgate Aerodrome

Lulsgate Aerodrome was a motor racing circuit at the former RAF Lulsgate Bottom airfield, which in 1957 subsequently became Bristol Airport. The airfield was turned into a racing circuit in 1949. Lulsgate hosted two race meetings, in 1949 and 1950. The circuit mainly hosted sports car events, however a Formula III race featured in both 1949 and 1950.
History.
The original track layout of Lulsgate Aerodrome was used in 1949. This layout was 1.9 miles (3.0 km) long. The circuit used the main runway and perimeter track of the airfield. The start/finish straight was located after the kink after North Corner on the runway.
The layout of Lulsgate Aerodrome was changed for 1950. The circuit was lengthened to 2.1 miles (3.4 km). The new layout used more of the perimeter track of the airfield instead of the runways. This meant that the circuit featured a longer straight between Dundry Corner and The Hairpin (the only used on the circuit). The start/finish straight was also moved to between Partridge Bend and North corner.

</doc>
<doc id="19842490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842490" title="Andrei Borisenko">
Andrei Borisenko

Andrei Ivanovich Borisenko ("Андрей Иванович Борисенко" - born April 17, 1964 in Leningrad, Russia) is a Russian cosmonaut. He was selected to be a cosmonaut in May 2003, and since 2008 he has been training as a back-up crew member for a long-duration mission to the International Space Station. In particular, he was listed as a back-up Flight Engineer for Soyuz TMA-18, which launched the crew of Expedition 23/24 in April 2010.
Borisenko served as a flight engineer with the Expedition 27, the 27th long-duration mission to the International Space Station (ISS). He also served as the commander of Expedition 28.
Personal.
Borisenko is married to Zoya Leonidovna Borisenko (née Tushenkova). They have a son, Ivan and a daughter. His parents, Ivan Andreevich and Natalia Mikhailovna Borisenko, reside in St Petersburg. His hobbies include fishing, badminton, and road trips.
Education.
Borisenko graduated from the Leningrad Physics and Mathematics School #30 in 1981. He then entered the Leningrad Military Mechanical Institute and graduated in 1987 with the qualification "Flight and Control Dynamics".
Experience.
Following graduation from the institute Borisenko worked for a military unit from 1987–1989. In 1989, he started working at RSC Energia where he was responsible for the Mir motion control system and took part in the Mission Control Center - Moscow (MCC-M)) onboard systems operation analysis board. In 1999, Borisenko was a shift flight director at the MCC-M, first for the Mir space station and then for the International Space Station (ISS).
Cosmonaut career.
Borisenko was selected as a cosmonaut candidate from RSC Energia on May 29, 2003. He started basic spaceflight training in June, 2003 and completed it in June, 2005 by passing the state exams with excellent grades. He received qualification of test-cosmonaut on July 5, 2005 from the Interdepartmental Qualification Commission. From July 2005 to August 2008 he participated in advanced space flight training. From August 2008 to March 2009 he trained as an Expedition 24/25 backup crewmember. Since March 2009 he trained with the Expedition 23/24 back up crew as a station commander and Soyuz TMA flight engineer.
Expedition 27/28.
Borisenko flew into space for the first time as a Flight Engineer for the ISS long duration Expedition 27/28 missions. The Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft carrying Borisenko, cosmonaut Aleksandr Samokutyayev and NASA astronaut Ron Garan launched on schedule from the Baikonur Cosmodrome's Gagarin's Start launch pad, at 23:18:20 UTC on April 4, 2011. The launch of Soyuz TMA-21 was dedicated to the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight by Yuri Gagarin performed in 1961. 
After 2 days of autonomous flight, the Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on April 6 at 23:09 UTC.
At 11:41 a.m. EDT Sunday, May 22, 2011, Dmitri Kondratyev who had been the commander of Expedition 27, conducted a change of command ceremony with Andrey Borisenko. Andrey then commanded Expedition 27 and continued in command of Expedition 28 until he handed over the duties to Flight Engineer Mike Fossum on September 15, 2011.
Borisenko concluded his stay aboard the ISS, when his spaceship, Soyuz TMA-21 undocked from the Russian segment's Poisk module at 00:38 UTC on September 16. On the same day, the Soyuz TMA-21 capsule carrying Borisenko and his two crew mates, Alexander Samokutyaev and Ron Garan touched down (3:59:39 UTC) at 93 miles southeast of the city of Zhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. During the Soyuz re-entry, repeated calls to the spacecraft from the Russian Mission Control in Korolyov, near Moscow, went unanswered for several minutes. Communication was eventually established between the crew and a plane circling the landing site. 
On the ground, Borisenko appeared to be in good spirits as he flashed up an enthusiastic "thumbs-up" signal shortly after he was pulled out of the Soyuz landing capsule. He and his colleagues were carried on their chairs to a makeshift inflatable hospital for further medical check ups. After attending the traditional greeting ceremony at the airport in Karaganda, Kazakhstan, Borisenko boarded a plane to return to the training base in Star City, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19842502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842502" title="Rietvlei Nature Reserve">
Rietvlei Nature Reserve

The Rietvlei Nature Reserve is located in Pretoria and is about in size. Located within the reserve is the Rietvlei Dam.
The Rietvlei Nature Reserve surrounds and include the Rietvlei dam and is situated south east of Pretoria, in the Gauteng Province of South Africa, between the R21 highway (OR Tambo Airport highway) on the western side and the R50 (Delmas / Babsfontein) road on the north-east (Figure 2.2). The site lies in the quarter degree grid square 2528CD (Rietvlei Dam), between 25º50’S and 25º56’S latitude and 28º15'E and 28º19'E longitude. The mean elevation above sea level is approximately 1 525 meters, with the highest point at 1 542 m and the lowest point at 1 473 m (at the dam’s outflow). The reserve covers a surface area of approximately 3 870 ha or 38 km² and a network of roads cross the entire area, which makes the reserve accessible to visitors and management.
Flora and fauna.
Trees.
Both indigenous and exotic species of trees can be found in the reserve.
Birds.
There are an estimated 319 species of birds that make use of the reserve, of which 272 species have been confirmed.
Mammals.
The reserve carries around 1600 individual mammals. Blesbuck, Black wildebeest, Red Hartebeest, Eland, Common zebra, Waterbuck, Reedbuck, Springbuck, Mountain Reedbuck, Steenbok, Grey Duiker, Oribi, Leopard, Buffalo, White Rhino, and Hippopotamus can all be found in the reserve. Currently there are also 4 lionesses and a lion kept in a separate enclosure on the reserve.
Threats to the reserve.
The reserve is situated in Gauteng, one of the highest population density areas in South Africa. As such it is constantly under threat by human expansion and development.

</doc>
<doc id="19842514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842514" title="Naggar School of Photography">
Naggar School of Photography

The Naggar School of Photography, Media and New Music (better known as the Musrara School of Photography) is an art school in the Musrara neighborhood of Jerusalem, Israel. 
The Naggar School of Photography, Media and New Music was founded in 1986. Students can follow alternative forms of study. Graduates are required to complete an independent project. Many graduates have won awards; graduates have displayed their work in galleries in Israel and in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19842539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842539" title="Born in the purple">
Born in the purple

Traditionally, born in the purple was a category of members of royal families born during the reign of their parent. This was later loosely expanded to include all children born of prominent or high ranking parents. The parents must be prominent at the time of the child's birth so that the child is always in the spotlight and destined for a prominent role in life. A child born before the parents become prominent would not be "born in the purple." The color purple refers to Tyrian purple, restricted by law, custom and the expense of creating it to royalty.
Origins.
The concept derives from the Roman Imperial and Byzantine concept of "Porphyrogenitus" under which children born to reigning emperors held superior rights to the throne over siblings born before their father ascended the imperial throne. This the term is sometimes associated with the rareness and great expense of purple dye in the ancient world. In the Byzantine Empire being "Porphyrogenitus" very specifically meant being born in the "Porphyra" or purple chamber of the Imperial Palace, a room which Anna Comnena said was "set apart long ago for an Empress's confinement" and which was decorated with expensive porphyry marble.
Limitations.
To be "born in the purple" is often seen as a limitation to be escaped rather than a benefit or a blessing. Rarely, the term refers to someone born with immense talent that shapes their career and forces them into paths they might not otherwise wish to follow. An obituary of the British composer Charles Hubert Hastings Parry complains that his immense natural talent (described as being "born in the purple") forced him to take on teaching and administrative duties that prevented him from composing in the manner that might have been allowed to someone who had to develop their talent.
In this sense, the parent's prominence predetermines the child's role in life. A royal child, for instance, is denied the opportunity to an ordinary life because of his parent's royal rank. An example of this usage can be seen in the following discussion comparing the German Kaiser William II with his grandfather, William I, and his father, Frederick III:
Compare this with his grandfather, the old Emperor, who, if he had not been born in the purple, could only have been a soldier, and not, it must be added, one who could have held very high commands. Compare him again with his father; the Emperor Frederick, if he had not been born in the purple, though he certainly showed greater military capacity than the old Emperor, nevertheless would probably not have been happy or successful in any private station other than that of a great moral teacher.
The classic definition restricted use of the category specifically to the legitimate offspring born to reigning monarchs after they ascended to the throne. It did not include children born prior to their parent's accession or, in an extremely strict definition, their coronation.

</doc>
<doc id="19842548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842548" title="Table tennis at the 2007 All-Africa Games">
Table tennis at the 2007 All-Africa Games

Table tennis was part of the 2007 All-Africa Games competition schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19842551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842551" title="A Time to Love and a Time to Die">
A Time to Love and a Time to Die

A Time to Love and a Time to Die is a 1958 American CinemaScope drama film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring John Gavin. It is based on the book by the German author, Erich Maria Remarque, set on the Eastern Front (World War II), and in Nazi Germany.
Plot.
Ernst Graeber is a German soldier stationed on the Eastern Front during the war's last days. He and fellow soldiers Steinbrenner and Hirschland are ordered to kill Russian civilians, but Hirschland commits suicide instead.
Given his first furlough in two years, Ernst returns home to find his village bombed and parents gone. Elizabeth Kruse, daughter of his mother's doctor, tells him that her father is being held by the Gestapo as well. Constant air raids interrupt any peaceful moments Ernst and Elizabeth enjoy.
An old friend, Binding, is a wealthy Nazi now and welcomes Ernst to his home. He prepares a feast for the wedding of Ernst and Elizabeth, who are now in love. And a sympathetic professor, Pohlmann, offers his help should the newlyweds decide to flee.
Ernst is ordered back to the front. He finds Steinbrenner about to shoot civilians and kills him. Ernst frees the prisoners, but one nonetheless shoots him. He dies while reading a letter from Elizabeth telling him that she is expecting their child.

</doc>
<doc id="19842552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842552" title="GPP of Southern Thailand">
GPP of Southern Thailand

GPP.
GPP of Southern Thailand show in table below.
GPP per capita.
GPP per capita in 2007, shown in THB

</doc>
<doc id="19842585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842585" title="Kristín Helga Gunnarsdóttir">
Kristín Helga Gunnarsdóttir

Kristín Helga Gunnarsdóttir (born November 24, 1963) is an Icelandic children's writer. Kristín has published novels for children at any age and is popular all over Iceland. Kristín is also a journalist and has been a newscaster for an Icelandic TV channel Stöð 2 and on the radio.
Published works.
Novels.
"The titles are in Icelandic":

</doc>
<doc id="19842590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842590" title="Juan Manuel Perillo">
Juan Manuel Perillo

Juan Perillo (born April 9, 1985 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19842598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842598" title="Whitchurch Circuit">
Whitchurch Circuit

Whitchurch Circuit was a motor racing circuit located at the former Bristol (Whitchurch) Airport in Bristol, England. 
The Bristol & Wessex Aeroplane Club first flew from this airfield in 1930. During World War II it was used by the Air Transport Auxiliary and British Overseas Airways Corporation. It continued as Bristol's commercial airport until in 1957 this moved to Bristol Lulsgate Airport, where the Lulsgate Circuit had been. 
On 1 August 1959, the Bristol Motorcycle and Light Car Club (BM&LCC) organised the first race meeting in conjunction with the Bristol Corporation, who owned the then disused airfield at Whitchurch. The course was 1.0625 miles long, almost flat, and rectangular in shape with four corners known as Dundry, Hangar, Knowle, & Goram. The meeting consisted of six races, one of which was for Formula Two cars. This race was won by Henry Taylor, at a speed of 66.03mph, from Keith Greene and Tim Parnell, all of whom were Cooper mounted. The fastest lap was set by Taylor at 66.64mph. However, the fastest lap of the day was set by a Formula III car in exactly 53secs (72.17mph) by Jack Pitcher in a race won by Philip Robinson (Stuart-Cooper). It is probable that this is the outright all-time lap record at this track at Whitchurch as this may have been the only car meeting held here, though it is possible that another was held later in this year.
The report of the meeting in Autosport speaks of indifferent weather with only the first and last races being run on a dry track, which probably accounts for the Formula III cars being quickly than Formula 2.
The following weekend, 8 August 1959, the Bristol Motor Cycle Club held a motor-cycle race meeting, with Phil Read winning both the 350cc and 500cc abroad Nortons, taking fastest lap in both at 69.25mph and 72.07mph respectively. Note that this fastest lap was only 0.1mph slowed that Jack Pitcher’s outright lap also using a Norton engine in his Cooper.
Back in 1937, on 22 May, the BM&LCC ran a one-off Speed Trail on the approach road to Whitchurch. The 17 foot wide course was 750 yards long with a slight right followed by a long left hand bend.

</doc>
<doc id="19842601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842601" title="Compass-1">
Compass-1

COMPASS-1 (also known as Compass One) was a German amateur CubeSat picosatellite, built and operated in the late 2000s by Aachen University of Applied Science. It was launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation, aboard a PSLV rocket, on 28 April 2008. Its primary mission is remote sensing, however it also contains some technology demonstration experiments regarding the use of small satellites.
On 10 August 2008, the satellite developed a problem and switched into "emergency mode". Initial attempts to rectify this problem failed, however normal operations were resumed on 10 September, with help from amateur radio operators around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19842606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842606" title="Stereo Mike">
Stereo Mike

Mihalis Exarhos () (born 1978 in Piraeus, Greece), known professionally by his stage name Stereo Mike, is a Greek hip hop artist. He is the first "MTV EMA Award" winner in the "Best Greek Act" category. Stereo Mike represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 alongside the singer Loucas Yiorkas with the song "Watch My Dance", placing seventh with 120 points.
Biography.
Exarhos was born in 1978 in Piraeus, Greece to a Greek father and Croatian mother from Rijeka. At the age of 18, his musical interest brought him to London for education in the field at the universities of Leeds Metropolitan University and University of Westminster. In the next four years he obtained two degrees, Bachelor of Music Technology and Master on Sound Production. During his studies, Exarhos worked as a sound producer at Vault Recording Studios in Hackney, London, where he worked with several British hip hop artists, including Klashnekoff, Bury Crew, Skinnyman, Taskforce, Iceberg Slim, Mike GLC and JMC.
Exarhos also worked as a producer at AMG Records, which led him to his first recording contract as "Stereo Mike" with AMG's hip-hop sub-label "Mo' Money Recording$". Within two years he composed and produced his debut album, while accepting a postgraduate lecturing position at London's University of Westminster in music production. He released his debut album in Greece titled "Satirical Nomads" by Mo' Money Recording$ under license to Universal Music Greece. The album's singles included the anti-racism anthem "O Allos Babis" and the remix "I Polis".
Stereo Mike was nominated at the "Mad Video Music Awards" in 2005 for "Best Hip-Hop Video Clip" and in 2008 for "Best Hip-Hop Video Clip" and for "Video Clip Of The Year".
Stereo Mike subsequently signed to Minos EMI for his second album titled "XLI3H", which is leet for the Greek word Εξέλιξη, meaning evolution. He is concurrently doing research work toward a PhD in music.
Stereo Mike is the first "MTV EMA Award" winner in the "Best Greek Act" category, which came into effect with MTV's 2008 regional launch in Greece. He was also nominated for Greece in the category of Europe's Favourite Act for 2008.
Stereo Mike with Loucas Yiorkas represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany with the song "Watch My Dance".
Singles.
Satirical Nomads:
2005 Mad Video Music Awards:
XLI3H:
2008 Mad Video Music Awards:
Eurovision Song Contest 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19842608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842608" title="Frank Purdon">
Frank Purdon

Frank Thomas Purdon (8 November 1857-?) was an Irish-born rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and Swansea. Purdon was capped four times for Wales including the very first Wales international, against England in 1881.
Rugby career.
Purdon was selected, while a Newport player, for Richard Mullock's Wales to face England in the first ever Welsh international at Blackheath on 19 February 1881. Wales were humiliated, and the national press blamed the team selection, with the players apparently chosen to appease the principal rugby clubs rather than selected on the basis of ability. Many of the Welsh players from that game never played for Wales again, but Purdon was back for Wales second international game, played in 1882 against Ireland in Dublin.
Purdon played his last two matches for Wales after transferring to Swansea, and was a member of the Welsh squad that took part in the first Home Nations Championship under the captaincy of Charles Lewis. Wales lost both games and Purdon was not re-selected for the 1884 tournament.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19842633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842633" title="The Avenger (1960 film)">
The Avenger (1960 film)

The Avenger () is a 1960 West German crime film directed by Karl Anton and starring Heinz Drache.
Plot.
A number of packaged disembodied heads have been in random areas of the English countryside. In each package is a letter to the police from the killer, who dubs himself "The Executioner." Each victim is seemingly unrelated to one another. When a Scotland Yard employee is killed, Detective Mike Brixan (Heinz Drache) of Special Branch is called in to investigate. The only clue is that a black, four-door sedan has been seen at the scene of the crime, and that the typewriter that the letters have been written on have two offset letters.
When Ruth Sanders (Ina Duscha), the niece of the man killed and the last person to see him alive, is located as an extra working on location, Brixan discovers a page of a script that has been written on the same typewriter as the Executioner's letters. Consequently, Brixan believes that the Executioner is among the cast, crew, or parties involved in the film shoot.

</doc>
<doc id="19842680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842680" title="Thor Lee">
Thor Lee

Thor Lee is a retired U.S. soccer defender who played professionally in several U.S. leagues including one season in Major League Soccer.
Lee attended CSU Northridge where he played on the school’s NCAA Division II soccer team from 1984 to 1987. In 1987, CSU Northridge went to the National Championship where it fell to Southern Connecticut State University. Lee was a 1986 second team and a 1987 first team All American. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Health Sciences.
In 1987, Lee spent the collegiate off-season with the California Kickers in the Western Soccer Alliance. He remained with the Kickers through the 1989 season. In June 1988, the Los Angeles Lazers selecte Lee in the third round of the Major Indoor Soccer League draft. The Lazers folded at the end of the season and in July 1990 the San Diego Sockers selected Lee in the dispersal draft, but did not sign him. 1990, the WSA merged with the American Soccer League to form the American Professional Soccer League. Lee moved to the Los Angeles Heat for the 1990 APSL season. The Heat folded at the end of the season and Lee joined the Salt Lake Sting for the 1991 season. On April 2, 1993, Lee signed with the Los Angeles Salsa and spent the 1993 and 1994 APSL seasons with them. In the fall of 1994, he signed with the Wichita Wings in the National Professional Soccer League. On February 7, 1996, D.C. United selected Lee in the fifth round (fiftieth overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played two games before being waived on April 16, 1996. He was then signed by the San Diego Sockers of the Continental Indoor Soccer League five days later. The Sockers folded at the end of the season and the Anaheim Splash selected him in the dispersal draft. He spent the 1997 season in Anaheim. In February 1998, he joined the Buffalo Blizzard of the NPSL on loan from the Splash. In 1998, he played for the Sacramento Knights in the Premier Soccer Alliance.
Lee is currently a sales associate with Ramsey-Shilling Commercial Real Estate in Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="19842686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842686" title="Tennis at the 2007 All-Africa Games">
Tennis at the 2007 All-Africa Games

Tennis was part of the 2007 All-Africa Games competition schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19842688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842688" title="The Dead Eyes of London">
The Dead Eyes of London

The Dead Eyes of London ( and also known as Dark Eyes of London) is a 1961 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Joachim Fuchsberger, Karin Baal and Dieter Borsche. It is based on the 1924 novel "The Dark Eyes of London" by Edgar Wallace which had been previously adapted into the 1939 British film "The Dark Eyes of London", aka "The Human Monster", introducing a number of horror elements which had not been in the original book. The British film had been released in Germany and proved popular. The German film is closer to being a remake of the earlier British film rather than a close adaptation of Wallace's novel.
It was the first Edgar Wallace Krimi film to be directed by Alfred Vohrer who directed 13 more in the genre.
Plot.
In this film, a series of murders of wealthy men leads investigators to a group of blind men with a mysterious leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19842709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842709" title="Army &amp; Navy sweets">
Army &amp; Navy sweets

Army & Navy sweets are a type of traditional boiled sweet, or hard candy, available in the United Kingdom. They are black in colour, lozenge-shaped and flavoured with liquorice and herbs. They are often eaten in winter as their slightly medicinal flavour is similar to that of Koff Candy.

</doc>
<doc id="19842712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842712" title="Thomas Lewis Dodge">
Thomas Lewis Dodge

Thomas Lewis Dodge (July 19, 1816 – October 31, 1893) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Horton, Nova Scotia, the son of David Dodge and Phebe Scott. In 1843, he married Sarah Harrington. Dodge married Harriet Amy Harrington in 1856. He was named to the province's Legislative Council in 1887. Dodge served as treasurer for King's County from 1870 until his death at home in Kentville at the age of 77.
His son Brenton Haliburton served in the provincial assembly and was mayor of Kentville.

</doc>
<doc id="19842726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842726" title="Bungartz Butz">
Bungartz Butz

Bungartz Butz was the name of an automobile, built in 1934 by Bungartz & Co. from Munich according to the patents of German engineer Josef Ganz.
History.
Towards the end of 1933, Dr. Everhard Bungartz, director of the newly established company Bungartz & Co., contacted Josef Ganz because he wanted to develop and build a small car according to his patents.
Technically the new Bungartz Butz model was very similar to the Standard Superior, introduced one year earlier. It featured a tubular chassis, a mid-mounted engine, and independent wheel suspension with swing-axles at the rear.
The Bungartz Butz was available in two basic versions: the Butz Cabrio-Limousine and the Butz Touren-Wagen. Both versions were two-seaters. The Butz had a plywood body covered in artificial leather and fitted with metal wings. The available colour schemes were either silvery gray, dark blue, sea green or beige, with black wings, wheel rims and chassis. Also available for the Butz was a special small trailer with backbone chassis and swing axles.

</doc>
<doc id="19842749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842749" title="Salamanca Arts Centre">
Salamanca Arts Centre

The Salamanca Arts Centre (SAC), established in 1976, is a major arts hub in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia. It is a combination of theatres, galleries and arts administration located behind the historic facade of Georgian warehouses in Salamanca Place. The buildings are owned by the Government of Tasmania with ten visual and performing arts venues. Venues include: the Peacock Theatre, Long Gallery and Sidespace Gallery. Tenants include Brian Ritchie (previously of the Violent Femmes and the Tasmanian Theatre Company. 
Salamanca Arts Centre is a member of the Australia Council "Mobile states" tour initiative 'for contemporary artists and small companies, taking cutting edge arts to audiences around Australia.' Other venues include: Performance Space at CarriageWorks, Perth Institute of Contemporary Arts, Brisbane Powerhouse and Arts House.
It is supported by the Tasmanian Government and the Hobart City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19842761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842761" title="The Dark Eyes of London">
The Dark Eyes of London

The Dark Eyes of London may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19842769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842769" title="SEEDS-2">
SEEDS-2

The Space Engineering EDucation Satellite 2 (SEEDS-2) is a Japanese amateur CubeSat picosatellite, built and operated by Nihon University. It was launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation, aboard a PSLV rocket, on 28 April 2008. It was built to replace the SEEDS satellite, which was lost in a launch failure on a Dnepr rocket in July 2006.
It carries a number of sensors to investigate the environment of space, and its own status. It also contains a voice transmitter, intended to play back messages to amateur radio operators.

</doc>
<doc id="19842786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842786" title="Željeznica (Bosnia and Herzegovina)">
Željeznica (Bosnia and Herzegovina)

The Željeznica is a river in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The river Željeznica rises at the foot of the Treskavica Mountain, in the beautiful and attractive forest ambiance, has a number of rapids and whirlpools. There, on Željeznica River, upstream from Turovi Village, is a beautiful and rare natural phenomenon, the kettles on Željeznica. Kazani is the most attractive place in the Canyon. This is the place where the River, over centuries of strong running and carrying material, has scooped round hollows, kettles, that observers get the impression water boils in. The kettles are about half to one meter deep and 0,30 to 0,70 cm wide in radius, and they are frequent in the riverbed. This rare natural phenomenon is a very beautiful tourist attraction.
The Željeznica river is one of the chief geographic features of the western "Sarajevo polje". It flows through the municipalities Trnovo (RS) and Istočna Ilidža from south and eventually meets up with the Bosna river near Sarajevo.
The Željeznica river is the western boundary of Jahorina mountain.
The archaeological site of Butmir is located on the right bank of the Željeznica river, relatively close to the source of the river Bosna. The terrace next to the Željeznica river was well suited to late Neolithic settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="19842792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842792" title="The Devil's Daffodil">
The Devil's Daffodil

"The Devil's Daffodil" (also known as "Daffodil Killer") is a 1961 British crime film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring William Lucas. 
A German version, titled "", starring Joachim Fuchsberger was produced simultaneously, with similar cast and crew.

</doc>
<doc id="19842793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842793" title="Inmaculada Rodríguez-Piñero">
Inmaculada Rodríguez-Piñero

Inmaculada Rodríguez-Piñero Fernández (b. 7 January 1958, Madrid) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). Married with two children, she earned a master's degree in economic theory from the University of Minnesota and served as economic and employment spokesperson for the PSOE.
In 2008, she was selected as second placed candidate on the PSOE list for Valencia province and was consequently elected to the Spanish national parliament.
On 16 April 2009 she was named General Secretary of Infrastructure by the Minister of Public Works Jose Blanco and resigned her parliamentary seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19842798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842798" title="1890 in India">
1890 in India

Events in the year 1890 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19842825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842825" title="Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics

Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Whistler Creekside in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. The ten events were scheduled for February 13–27; weather delayed the first event, the men's downhill, two days until Monday, February 15.
Medal table.
Notably absent from the medals in these Olympics were the Austrian men, who had won 8 medals in 2006 and 7 in 2002. France and host Canada were shut out from the podium, as were the German men and the Swiss and Italian women. The U.S. had its best Olympics ever with eight alpine medals, only the fourth nation to achieve that total in a single Olympics (Austria, France, Switzerland).
Individually, three men and five women won multiple medals; triple medalists were Bode Miller of the U.S. and Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway, who both won a medal of each color. The sole double gold medalist was Maria Riesch of Germany.
Competition schedule.
! Day !! Date !! Start !! Finish !! Event !! Date Run
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
<br>
Course information.
Source:
Athletes.
Qualification standards.
The FIS point list used to determined entry into the Olympics was from 18 January 2010.
There could be a maximum of 320 athletes competing in Alpine Skiing, with no more than 22 per NOC (there was a further limit of 14 male and 14 female per NOC). Additionally, each NOC could enter a maximum of four skiers per event.
To qualify, the competitor had to reach either the "A" or "B" standard.
Demographics.
As of 28 February 2010, there were 309 athletes listed as competitors in alpine skiing at the Games, representing 71 countries.
The youngest alpine skier in the 2010 Olympic Games was Ghassan Achi of Lebanon, age 16 at the time of competition (born 28 July 1993). The oldest was Hubertus von Hohenlohe of Mexico, age 51 (born 2 February 1959).
Competing nations.
The following nations have entered the following number of alpine skiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19842834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842834" title="James A. Fraser">
James A. Fraser

James A. Fraser (July 27, 1843 – July 1937) was a gold miner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Brookville, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, the son of Donald Fraser and Sophia Fraser, of Scottish descent. In 1871, Fraser married Charlotte M. Fisher. Fraser served as a member of the municipal council for St. Mary's district before being elected to the provincial assembly. He was also editor for the "Eastern Chronicle".

</doc>
<doc id="19842842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842842" title="Rubin-8">
Rubin-8

RUBIN-8, also known as RUBIN-AIS (Automatic Identification System), is a German space experiment package, built by OHB-System, which was launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation, aboard a PSLV rocket, on 28 April 2008. Following launch, it remained bolted to the upper stage of the rocket in low Earth orbit, where it is used to conduct experiments regarding the relay of AIS data via the Orbcomm and Iridium communication satellite networks.

</doc>
<doc id="19842845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842845" title="Étienne-Émile Baulieu">
Étienne-Émile Baulieu

Étienne-Émile Baulieu (born 12 December 1926) is a French biochemist and endocrinologist who is best known for his research in the field of steroid hormones and their role in reproduction and aging.
Biography.
Baulieu was born Émile Blum in Strasbourg, France. His father, who died when he was four was Léon Blum, a physician, and an early specialist in diabetes. Baulieu changed his name during World War II when his family fled to the area near Grenoble and he engaged in the French resistance. After the war he attended the Faculté de Médecine de Paris and became a doctor of medicine in 1955. He studied further under his mentor Max Fernand Jayle in the field of steroid hormones and obtained his PhD degree in 1963 at the Lycée Pasteur, Faculté de Médecine and Faculté des Sciences in Paris.
In 1963 Baulieu was named director of INSERM, and in 1970 he became a Professor of Biochemistry at the Faculty of Medicine of Bicêtre, affiliated with University of Paris-South. Since 2004 Baulieu is a member of the French "Ethical Advisory Committee" (Comité consultatif national d'éthique) for science and health. He also presides over the "Institute of Longevity and Aging" (Institut de la longévité et du vieillissement) In 2008, he started the "Institut Professor Baulieu" to foster research into healthy longevity.
Research.
Baulieu has had an ongoing interest in dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA. In 1960 he demonstrated that DHEA was the main adrenal androgen, was largely conjugated as a hydrophilic sulfate, and described its metabolism and functions. He worked to uncover the production of estrogens by the placenta during pregnancy and this led to the concept of DHEA being a "prohormone". Upon the invitation of Seymour Lieberman Baulieu became visiting scientist at the Columbia University in 1961–1962, and during this time he met Gregory Pincus, the father of the "birth control pill". Baulieu then turned to more studies in contraception and in the regulation of fertility and pregnancy. He became a pioneer in the description of intracellular sex steroid receptors and identified major intracellular participants such as the heat shock proteins. He worked on the progesterone receptor and androgen receptor. While steroid receptors are generally found within the cell, Baulieu identified a membrane receptor for a steroid hormone in Xenopus laevis.
Neurosteroids.
Baulieu discovered that DHEA and pregnenolone are produced in the brain and introduced the term "neurosteroids" in 1981. These steroids are active in the nervous system, help repair myelin, protect the nervous system, and enhance memory. Such agents may prove to be useful in the maintenance of brain function during age, and Baulieu suggests that use of DHEA in the elderly may ameliorate certain age-associated deficits including memory loss and depressive mood. Baulieu conducts clinical research about the potential benefits of DHEA in the elderly population.
RU486.
Baulieu is worldwide known for his work on RU486 (Mifepristone) and has been termed the "Father" of the abortion pill. Baulieu who had identified the progesterone receptor suggested to Roussel-Uclaf to modify the progesterone molecule to create an anti-progesterone. Georges Teutsch then synthesized an agent that became initially known as RU468 in 1980. Baulieu investigated the actions of this agent as an anti-progesterone steroid that proved to be able to induce early abortion and became more effective in conjunction with misoprostol. As a proponent of a nonsugical approach to abortion Baulieu became an advocat RU468 even when the company withdrew from the product and propelled him into the limelight of the abortion debate. As an anti-progesterone RU468 also has other potential such as in the treatment of certain conditions (breast cancer, brain cancer, endometriosis, diabetes, hypertension), and the anti-cortison activity he discovered may be useful to manage depression or Cushing's syndrome.
Longevity.
Baulieu has taking increasingly more interest in what he has called the "longevity revolution", the fact that people are living longer, and its implications. As part of this he is investigating the potential of hormonal substitution such as DHEA to increase well-being in old age. The creation of the "Institute Baulieu" has started to address issues that are detrimental to health in people of age. Currently, the Institute is working on ways to decrease dependability problems of the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="19842853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842853" title="Dmitri Kondratyev">
Dmitri Kondratyev

Dmitri Yur'yevich Kondrat'yev (born 25 May 1969 in Irkutsk, Russia) is a Russian cosmonaut. He served as a crewmember on the International Space Station long duration mission Expedition 27 as Commander, having also served as a Flight Engineer on Expedition 26 during the same stay in space. Kondratyev traveled to space for the first time aboard the Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft in December 2010.
Personal.
Kondratyev is married to Dinara, and they have a son named Vladislav. His parents, Yuri Semyonovich Kondratyev and Valentina Dmitrievna, reside in Alma-Aty, Kazakhstan. His hobbies include computers, karate, economics and fishing.
Education.
Kondratyev completed Yak-52 flight training at the Alma-Aty Aviation Club in 1986. In 1990, he entered the Kacha Air Force Pilot School graduating in 1990 as a pilot-engineer. In 2000, Kondratyev graduated from the Moscow State University for Economy, Statistics and Computer Science (MESI), Economic Information Systems Department as an economist. In 2004, he graduated from the Yuri A. Gagarin Air Force Academy.
Experience.
After graduation from pilot school in 1990, Kondratyev served as a pilot and subsequently as a senior pilot in the Russian Air Force. He flew MiG-21, MiG-29 and Su-27 Russian fighter aircraft. He is a Class 1 Air Force pilot. Kondratyev is also an Instructor of General Parachute Training and has performed more than 150 parachute jumps.
Cosmonaut career.
Kondratyev was selected as a test-cosmonaut candidate of the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center Cosmonaut Office in December 1997. He attended basic space training from January 1998 to March 2000. In 2000 he was qualified as a test-cosmonaut. Kondratyev was assigned to the ISS Expedition 5 Backup crew as Soyuz Commander and ISS Flight Engineer and successfully completed that training in 2003. Kondratyev was then assigned to the ISS Expedition 13 long duration mission prime crew and trained as ISS Flight Engineer and Soyuz Commander for one and a half year until the crew reassignment named ESA astronaut Thomas Reiter. Kondratyev was assigned to the ISS Expedition 20 Backup crew as Soyuz Commander and ISS Flight Engineer and successfully completed that training. From 2 May 2006 through 9 April 2007, he served as Director of Operations, Russian Space Agency, stationed at the Johnson Space Center. In March 2007 Kondratyev received his U.S. Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) Private Pilot License. In March 2009 Kondratyev received his U.S. FAA Airline Transport Pilot Licence.
Expedition 26/27.
Kondratyev was assigned to the ISS Expedition 26/27 Prime crew as Soyuz Commander and Expedition 27 Commander. He traveled to the space station on 15 December 2010 aboard the Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft.
Spacewalks.
Kondratyev participated in two spacewalks during his stay aboard the space station as an Expedition 26 and 27 Flight Engineer and Commander.
Russian EVA #27.
During the second spacewalk (Russian EVA #27) conducted on 21 January 2011 Kondratyev and cosmonaut Oleg Skripochka focused to complete installation of a new high-speed data transmission system. Kondratyev was designated as Extravehicular 1, and had a red stripe on his spacesuit. Kondratyev and Skripochka began the five-hour, 23-minute spacewalk at 9:29 a.m. EST when the two cosmonauts opened the Pirs hatch and began exiting the Russian segment of the space station. The spacewalk ended at 2:52 p.m EST. They deployed the antenna for the Radio Technical System for Information Transfer, an experimental system designed to enable large data files to be downlinked using radio technology at a speed of about 100 MB/s from space station's Russian segment. 
During the spacewalk, Kondratyev and Skripochka also removed the plasma pulse generator on the port side of the Zvezda module that was part of an experiment to investigate disturbances and changes in the ionosphere from space station impulse plasma flow. The generator, was covered, removed and returned inside the Pirs airlock. They also removed the commercial Expose-R experiment from the port side of Zvezda. The joint Russian and European Space Agency package contains a number of material samples that were left open to space conditions. Working inside the Pirs airlock, Kondratyev and Skripochka grabbed the new docking camera for the Rassvet module (MRM1) and carried it to the worksite on Rassvet. They installed the camera and mated the camera's cable to a pre-wired connector that will route the video into the space station.
Russian EVA #28.
On 16 February 2011, Kondratyev and cosmonaut Skripochka participated in a spacewalk (Russian EVA #28) outside the space station. The planned tasks for Kondratyev and Skripochka included to install a radio antenna, deploy a nano satellite, install two experiments and retrieve two exposure panels on a third experiment. The experiments they installed are the Molniya-Gamma experiment, which
measures gamma splashes and optical radiation during terrestrial lightning and thunder conditions, and a high-speed data
transmission system experiment that uses radio technology. The exposure panels they retrieved are part of the Komplast experiment.

</doc>
<doc id="19842881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842881" title="Facetectomy">
Facetectomy

Facetectomy is a surgical procedure which involves decompression of a spinal nerve root. For example, it can be performed in severely resistant cases of cervical rhizalgia, where the cervical nerve roots within the intervertebral foramina are decompressed.

</doc>
<doc id="19842882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842882" title="Bankraub in der Rue Latour">
Bankraub in der Rue Latour

Bankraub in der Rue Latour is a 1961 West German comedy film directed by and starring Curd Jürgens.

</doc>
<doc id="19842883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842883" title="Room Service (song)">
Room Service (song)

"Room Service" is a single by Canadian rock singer/songwriter and guitarist Bryan Adams, it was his third single from his 9th studio album "Room Service", released in 2005 (See 2005 in music).
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19842905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842905" title="Training and development">
Training and development

Human Resource Management, training and development is the field which is concerned with organizational activity aimed at bettering the performance of individuals and groups in organizational settings. It has been known by several names, including human resource development, and learning and development.
Harrison observes that the name was endlessly debated by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development during its review of professional standards in 1999/2000. "Employee Development" was seen as too evocative of the master-slave relationship between employer and employee for those who refer to their employees as "partners" or "associates" to feel comfortable with. "Human Resource Development" was rejected by academics, who objected to the idea that people were "resources" &m dash; an idea that they felt to be demeaning to the individual. Eventually, the CIPD settled upon "Learning and Development", although that was itself not free from problems, "learning" being an overgeneral and ambiguous name. Moreover, the field is still widely known by the other names.
Training and development (T&D) encompasses three main activities: training, education, and development. Garavan, Costine, and Heraty, of the International Institute of Market Research and Analytics, note that these ideas are often considered to be synonymous. However, to practitioners, they encompass three separate, although interrelated, activities:
The "stakeholders" in training and development are categorized into several classes. The "sponsors" of training and development are senior managers. The "clients" of training and development are business planners. Line managers are responsible for coaching, resources, and performance. The "participants" are those who actually undergo the processes. The "facilitators" are Human Resource Management staff. And the "providers" are specialists in the field. Each of these groups has its own agenda and motivations, which sometimes conflict with the agendas and motivations of the others.
The conflicts that are the best part of career consequences are those that take place between employees and their bosses. The number one reason people leave their jobs is conflict with their bosses. And yet, as author, workplace relationship authority, and executive coach, Dr. John Hoover points out, "Tempting as it is, nobody ever enhanced his or her career by making the boss look stupid." [http://www.amazon.com/dp/1564147045] Training an employee to get along well with authority and with people who entertain diverse points of view is one of the best guarantees of long-term success. Talent, knowledge, and skill alone won't compensate for a sour relationship with a superior, peer, or customer.
Talent development.
Talent development, part of human resource development, is the process of changing an organization, its employees, its stakeholders, and groups of people within it, using planned and unplanned learning, in order to achieve and maintain a competitive advantage for the organization. Rothwell notes that the name may well be a term in search of a meaning, like so much in management, and suggests that it be thought of as selective attention paid to the top 10% of employees, either by potential or performance.
While talent development is reserved for the top management it is becoming increasingly clear that "career development" is necessary for the retention of any employee, no matter what their level in the company. Research has shown that some type of career path is necessary for job satisfaction and hence job retention. Perhaps organizations need to include this area in their overview of employee satisfaction.
The term "talent development" is becoming increasingly popular in several organizations, as companies are now moving from the traditional term "training and development". Talent development encompasses a variety of components such as training, career development, career management, and organizational development, and training and development. It is expected that during the 21st century more companies will begin to use more integrated terms such as "talent development".
Washington Group International, in their paper "The Nuclear Renaissance, A Life Cycle Perspective" defined two logical laws of talent development:
"Talent development" refers to an organization's ability to align strategic training and career opportunities for employees.
References.
Rusobya, Kelvin (2012), "Training and Development"

</doc>
<doc id="19842917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842917" title="Gazivoda Lake">
Gazivoda Lake

Gazivoda Lake (, ) is an artificial lake in Serbia and Kosovo. It is the largest lake in Kosovo. Gazivoda Lake has an area of , of which belong to Kosovo and belong to Central Serbia. The lake is formed by the damming of the Ibar River, which flows into the lake.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19842932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842932" title="1924 Giro d'Italia">
1924 Giro d'Italia

The 1924 Giro d'Italia was the 12th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 10 May in Milan with a stage that stretched to Genoa, finishing back in Milan on 1 June after a stage and a total distance covered of . The race was won by the Italian rider Giuseppe Enrici. Second and third respectively were the Italian riders Federico Gay and Angiolo Gabrielli.
The 'start list' was reduced because of a strike, so the organiser Gazzetta dello Sport allowed independent riders to enter without support teams, as they provided bed, board and massage. The event was unique because of the participation of Alfonsina Strada, the only female competitor in the history of the Giro. Entry number 72 was granted to "Alfonsin Strada" to conceal her gender. She successfully completed the first 7 stages but a series of crashes and punctures between L'Aquila and Perugia led to her exclusion (such was her heroism that the organisers allowed her to continue each stage without inclusion in the overall classification). Her final time was 20 hours behind of the first classified in Milan.
Participants.
Of the 90 riders that began the Giro d'Italia on 10 May, 30 of them made it to the finish in Milan on 1 June. The riders were all considered to be independent as many riders were in disagreement with their teams over money.
The peloton was completely composed of Italians. Notable riders that started the race included Giuseppe Enrici, Federico Gay and Bartolomeo Aymo. Former winners Costante Girardengo and Giovanni Brunero, along with Ottavio Bottecchia, Gaetano Belloni, and other top riders chose not participate in the race due to disagreements over money with their teams. The 1924 edition of the race saw the first and only ever woman participate. Alfonsina Strada entered the race as "Alfonsin Strada" to conceal her gender. Strada completed the first seven stages before being eliminated. The organizers, however, asked her to continue riding to the race's finish since so many people came out to witness the female rider.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 30 cyclists who had completed all twelve stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19842935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842935" title="This Side of Paradise (song)">
This Side of Paradise (song)

"This Side of Paradise" is a single by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams, his fourth and last single from his studio album "Room Service", released in 2005 (See 2005 in music). Unlike previous singles Open Road and "Room Service" it didn't chart in the UK or Germany but, charted at number 20 in US Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19842948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842948" title="Black Horse Tavern">
Black Horse Tavern

Black Horse Tavern may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19842949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842949" title="Henry Tsang">
Henry Tsang

Henry Tsang OAM (b. 6 November 1943; Chinese: 曾筱龙; Pinyin: zéng xiǎolóng) is an Australian architect, politician and formerly an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Tsang was a member of the Council from 27 March 1999 until his resignation effective 3 December 2009. Until 15 November 2009 he was Parliamentary Secretary to the Premier and to the Treasurer on Trade and Investment.
Early years.
Tsang was born to parents Tik Fai Tsang and Woon-Wah Young in Jiangxi Province, China on 6 November 1943. in 1949 Tsang and his family fled to Hong Kong as refugees. He grew up in Hong Kong but immigrated to Australia in 1961. After arriving in Australia, he attended Vaucluse Boys' High School. He went on to study at Sydney University. He obtained a Bachelor of Architecture in 1961. He undertook further studies at the University of Technology at Sydney and was awarded a Graduate Diploma in Building Science. 
Tsang is an architect with an expertise in urban planning and design. He is one of the principals of Tsang & Lee Architects. His achievements include the Dixon Street Chinatown Mall, the Cabramatta Mall, and the Chinese Gardens at Darling Harbour.
He was Senior Vice Chairman of the Ethnic Communities Council of New South Wales from 1987 to 1990. In 1991 he was awarded the Order of Australia Medal for his services to the community. 
He was elected to Council of the City of Sydney in September 1991 and was the first Asian Australian to be elected to that council. He was also elected unopposed as the Deputy Lord Mayor of Sydney. He faced re-election and was re-elected in September 1995 and continued as Deputy Lord Mayor until 1999. He was a Member of Australia's national delegation to the 1992 United Nations Earth Summit. He was also a national delegate to the United Nations World Urban Forum in Curitiba, and he had the honour of chairing the opening session. He was also a national delegate to the 1994 United Nations International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo. 
He was a member of the Board of Australia-China Council. He was a member of the Multicultural Advisory Committee to the Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (SOCOG), a Member of the New South Wales Tourism Task Force, and a Member of the Board of Architects of New South Wales, a Member of the Inner Sydney Waste Board and a Member of the Casino Community Benefit Fund Trustees.
He was number eight on the Australian Labor Party ticket for 1999 State election. He described being number eight as an unwinnable seat which would be a “death Seat”. However, he said that he believed “that number eight is a lucky number” and was subsequently elected to the Council. He was re-elected in 2007.
In parliament, was Parliamentary Secretary to the Premier and to the Treasurer on Trade and Investment until November 2009, when he was replaced by Premier Nathan Rees after revelations he failed to declare gifts and accommodation from Chinese-backed construction group Hightrade.
He was a member of the General Purpose Standing Committee and was the Legislative Council Representative on the Senate of the University of Sydney in 2003 and 2004.
He married Donna Pow, a concert pianist, on 10 June 1972. She is chair of the East West Philharmonic Orchestra, a member of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, and deputy chair of the Sydney Youth Orchestra. They have two sons,Clement and Derwent.

</doc>
<doc id="19842968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842968" title="Babatunde Wusu">
Babatunde Wusu

Babatunde Enitan Wusu (born April 4, 1984 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a football striker from Nigeria who is currently a free agent.
He also has a Finnish citizenship.
Career.
The top scorer 2008 of Ykkönen moved on 1 January 2008 from Jyväskylän Jalkapalloklubi to Turun Palloseura. Babatunde is very strong and straight forward who is known for his goal scoring ability. Much loved by the local fans, he rejoined JJK on a three-year contract on 11 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19842981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842981" title="Moshe Landau">
Moshe Landau

Moshe Landau () (29 April 1912 – 1 May 2011) was an Israeli jurist. He was the fifth President of the Supreme Court of Israel.
Biography.
Landau was born in Danzig, Germany (modern Gdańsk, Poland) to Dr. Isaac Landau and Betty née Eisenstädt. His father was a leading member of the Jewish Community of Danzig 
In 1930 he finished high school in the Free City of Danzig and in 1933 he graduated from the University of London School of Law. That year, he immigrated to the British Mandate of Palestine. In 1937 he was admitted to the Bar of Palestine. In 1940 he was made judge in the Magistrate's Court of Haifa and was appointed to the District Court in 1948.
Other positions held.
Member of the International Court of Justice. Chairman of the World Zionist Congress tribunal. Chairman of the advisory Commissions on reforming the Israeli Land Law, criminal procedure and administrative tribunals. Chairman of the Commission for recognition of righteous among the nations in Yad Vashem. From 1956 to 1962 and from 1965 to 1966 he served as Chairman of the board of directors of the Technion.

</doc>
<doc id="19842987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842987" title="Biathlon at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Biathlon at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The biathlon competition at the 2010 Winter Olympics were held at Whistler Olympic Park in Whistler, British Columbia. The events were held between the 13th and 26 February 2010. 
The men's individual biathlon was notable for the awarding of two silver medals due to two competitors finishing with a tie (48:32.0). No bronze medal was awarded in this event.
Events.
A total of ten biathlon events were held at Vancouver 2010:
! Men !! Women
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
! Day !! Date !! Start !! Finish !! Event
Qualification.
Athlete quotas.
Athlete quotas: 220 athletes (113 men, 107 women)
A NOC may enter no more than 12 athletes (6 men and 6 women), and no more than 4 athletes per event. 
Quotas by events:
1Qualification to the pursuit is based on results from the sprint
Eligibility criteria.
All competitors must comply with one of the three minimum qualifications standards set forward by the IBU:
"or" 
"or"
Additionally, only athletes representing an NOC that is recognized by the IOC and member of the IBU can participate in the games.
Qualification criteria.
All 220 quota places will be awarded using a point ranking combining the 2008 and 2009 Biathlon World Championships. 
Men's
Women's
Participating nations.
According to final report by VANOC these were the final participation numbers:
Rejected quota places: Finland earned five spots in both genders, but decided to send only two men and two women. Poland qualified 5 men, but sends only two men. Slovenia has earned 5 spots each, but decided to send only four women and men. Great Britain (women), Belgium (men), Netherlands (men) and Austria (women) rejected their single spots earned in either men's or women's. Greenland has no NOC, so Greenland's spot earned in men's competition is used by Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19842995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19842995" title="Radoniq lake">
Radoniq lake

Radonjić Lake or Radoniq Lake (; , "Radonjićko jezero") is a lake in Kosovo. It is the second largest lake in Kosovo at 5.06 km² after Gazivoda Lake at 9.2 km². It has a length of about 5 km.
The lake was the site of Lake Radonjic massacre.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19843006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843006" title="Vince Matthew Chung">
Vince Matthew Chung

Vince Matthew Chung (), along with his team member Sam Wu (吳偉強), won The Amazing Race Asia 3.
Early life.
Vince Matthew Chung was born in Toronto, Canada the son of an accountant and a university lecturer and spent his early life there. He attended public school number 207 and his favorite subject was gym. At middle school he represented Ontario internationally in swimming competitions, specialising in breast-stroke and also held several provincial records when he was younger. Later he studied kinesiology at York University and Education at University of Toronto. In 2003 in a move to rediscover his roots, he relocated to Hong Kong, where he started out with a career in education, but after a short time his love for the theatre and acting drove him to follow these pursuits professionally.
Career.
Since 2007 Vince has been working as a professional actor host and comedian in Hong Kong. Previously a regular at The TakeOut Comedy Club Hong Kong he became one of the finalists of The Funniest Person in Hong Kong competition in late 2007. After he was selected to take part in the Amazing Race Asia in 2008, Vince decided to focus solely on his acting and is currently working on several projects including the soon to be broadcast web series Lumina and the sketch comedy with a travel theme CB Fresh which he jointly developed with co-hosts Simon Yin & Rob Lok and cinematographers Derrick Fong and Chung Tsang.

</doc>
<doc id="19843048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843048" title="Phoenician Club">
Phoenician Club

The Phoenician Club is a former entertainment venue in Sydney, Australia. It was located in Ultimo, New South Wales at the corner of Broadway and Mountain Street, opposite St Barnabas Church. The venue itself had gone through various uses and had had different names before it became the Phoenician Club, a meeting place for Sydney's Maltese community, in 1980. Before then, the building and the club had existed separately (the Phoenician Club had existed as a social organisation since 1963; before being taken over by this organisation, the building had at various times functioned as a cinema and television studio, among other roles). The Phoenician Club became well known for hosting rock concerts, which provided its organisers with a steady source of income for running community activities. It was a popular venue for both Australian and overseas groups and many concerts took place at the club during its history. Following the death of Anna Wood, a high school student who died from taking the drug, ecstasy, while at the venue, significant restrictions were imposed on the club, eventually leading to its closure in 1998.
History.
The premises were run as a discothèque called Jonathan's Disco in the early 1970s and is notable in the history of the Australian pop band Sherbet, who played a formative eight-month residency there during 1970; it was here that they were first seen by their future manager Roger Davies. Sherbet shared residency at the venue with the group Fraternity. AC/DC also played at the venue during this period. Following a fire at the premises, the building was re-opened as a ballroom for a short period in 1976. In 1980, Sydney City Council granted consent for the Maltese community to take over the premises as the Phoenician Club. By becoming a licensed venue, the premises' role as a major music venue in Sydney significantly expanded. This gave the club a reliable source of revenue for its community activities.
The Phoenician Club became a popular rock venue in the 1980s, hosting many concerts by both local and overseas groups. Simulations of Manchester techno dance parties were held at the club in 1991. In January 1992, Nirvana played their first Australian show there. It became the focus of a major public controversy in 1995 following the death of Sydney teenager Anna Wood, who died from a cerebral oedema after taking the drug ecstasy while attending a rave dance party at the venue. The club survived calls for it to be closed down in the ensuing public fall–out over Wood's death. Fines and restrictions imposed on it by the courts significantly reduced its role as a major music venue, however. The club eventually closed down in 1998, and it has since been redeveloped into residential and commercial premises.

</doc>
<doc id="19843060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843060" title="Battle of Messkirch">
Battle of Messkirch

The Battle of Messkirch was fought on 4 and 5 May 1800 and resulted the victory of French army against the Austrians.
Overview.
On 25 April 1800 the French "Armée d'Allemagne", under Jean Victor Marie Moreau, crossed the Rhine River at Kehl and Schaffhausen. The 1st Demi-Brigade, of the Corps led by Laurent de Gouvion-Saint-Cyr, conquered St. Georgen and entered the Black Forest at Freiburg im Breisgau. After conquering Stuhlingen, 25 km south of Donaueschingen, the unit took part in the Battle of Stockach and Engen on 3 May, after which the Austrian retreated to Messkirch where they enjoyed a more favourable defensive position.
The French repeatedly assaulted the town on 4 and 5 May always in vain. The 1st Demi-Brigade, despite the Austrian superiority there, was able to conquer Krumbach and the heights surrounding it, which commanded Messkirch. Therefore the Austrian moved back to Sigmaringen, followed by the French. The Battle of Biberach ensued on 9 May.

</doc>
<doc id="19843064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843064" title="Bobsleigh at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Bobsleigh at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The bobsleigh competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at the Whistler Sliding Centre between 20 and 27 February 2010.
Medal summary.
Events.
Three bobsleigh events were held at Vancouver 2010:
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
! Day !! Date !! Start !! Finish !! Event !! Phase
Practice.
Germany's André Lange had the fastest time in two-man practice on the night of 17 February 2010. There were eight crashes among 57 runs taken that night. Three crashes occurred during the 18 February 2010 two-man training session. Among the crashes in the two-man event were Switzerland's Beat Hefti and Daniel Schmid who both withdrew from the two man event. Meanwhile Latvia's Janis Minins withdrew to appendicitis and the emergency surgery that followed on 12 February. Minins returned to competition for the four-man event eleven days later.
Supplemental training was offered on 19 February 2010 to both the two-woman and four-man bobsleigh events out of caution and further preparation for both events in the that would take place the following week. American bobsledder Shona Rohbock expressed concerns on the 19th that the track could generate speeds that are too dangerous for racing. She stated that she had never experienced speeds at even bobsleigh track she had experienced, event at the St. Moritz track. Officials had told Rohbock that they are considering sanding the runners to slow down the sleds to slow down the speeds. Elana Meyers, an American brakewoman, commented on Twitter that same day that "We (referring to her and her driver Erin Pac) went .. that's fast!" One crash occurred on the 19th for the two-woman event when Dutch bobsledder Esme Kamphuis crashed out in the final corners of the track.
Minor changes were made to the track on 22 February 2010 after bobsleigh four-man teams from Latvia and Croatia rolled over in supplementary training. Following a meeting with 11 team captains, training runs were postponed by the FIBT until later that day to adjust the shape of turn 11 so it would be easier for sleds to get through the rest of the track without crashing. FIBT spokesman Don Krone stated that "...some drivers have been experiencing difficulties transitioning from turn 11 to turn 12." As a result, Krone stated that "The FIBT track commission, in conjunction with VANOC and with advice from a number of team captains, are working on the shape of turn 11 to make it easier for drivers to get high enough on 11 to turn 12 so that they can successfully make it through turn 13." Krone also stated that it was common that the profile of corners were changed when it was being used by other sliding disciplines (luge and skeleton).
After track alterations were done on 23 February 2010, the two fastest four-man times were done by Germany's Lange and the United States' Holcomb. Australia withdrew its four-man team on 23 February 2010 to two of its crew members, Duncan Harvey and Duncan Pugh, suffering concussions. Australia chef de mission Ian Chesterman stated that the decision was not taken lightly and was done on the side of safety. Meanwhile, Latvia's Janis Minins returned to practice on the 23rd in the wake of the emergency surgery on 12 February in the wake of an appendicitis attack.
Lange had the fastest practice times on the 24th with the final two practices taking place on the 25th. That same day, Australia withdrew to injuries to Harvey and Pugh of Australia while Edwin van Calker of the Netherlands withdrew to a lack of confidence of driving the four-man sled during the event. This was also despite no crashes during four-man training had taken place prior to the 24th. The Dutch team supported van Calker's decision on this. Minins withdrew from the four-man event on the 25th to crashing twice during practice where one of his crews suffering a concussion and another suffering bruised lungs and elbows.
Qualifying.
Athlete/NOC quota.
170 athletes are allowed to compete in accordance with the International Olympic Committee and the International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation (FIBT). This includes 130 for two-man and four-man bobsleigh (30 teams for each type of men's bobsleigh), and 40 for two-woman bobsleigh (20 teams).
Qualification system.
The best result of each driver will be ranked by the FIBT, including World Cup and lesser known Cup. These races scored are the same ones as the World Cup event. These driver must rank among the top 50 in the FIBT for the 2009–10 seaon by 17 January 2010, held at St. Moritz, Switzerland. For men's bobsleigh, three countries can send three teams, seven countries can send two teams, and seven more countries can send one team (Applies to both two-man and four-man). For women's bobsleigh, two countries can send three teams, four countries can send two teams, and six countries can send one team. For all three events, the host country is included provided they meet the minimum requirements. Each NOC declared their entries on 22 January 2010. Entering the World Cup event in St. Moritz, the top two countries to have three two-woman teams were Germany and the United States. For two-man, the top three countries to have three teams were Germany, Switzerland, and the United States while for four-man, the three countries to have three teams were Germany, Russia, and the United States. This was announced on 20 January 2010. Reallocation was announced on 26 January 2010.
Austria declined their second spot in the four men event. Australia takes this spot instead.
Competing nations.
The following nations have entered the following number of athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="19843075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843075" title="National Governors' Association">
National Governors' Association

The National Governors' Association or NGA is a representative body for school governors in England. It was formed in January 2006 via the merger of two predecessor organisations: the National Governors’ Council (NGC) and the National Association of School Governors (NASG). It has its headquarters in Birmingham.
Purpose.
The NGA works for governors by:
Membership.
Governors can join the NGA as individuals or by their governing body becoming a member. Local authorities, education organisations and education businesses can support the work of the NGA as corporate partners and local governor associations can also become members of NGA.
Policies.
The NGA promotes the work of governors at the national level. The NGA works closely with and lobbies Government and the major educational bodies to ensure that the views of governors are fully represented in the national arena.
Local associations.
Local Associations are volunteer local bodies; they are link between a school governing body and its local authority. A strong local association can make an enormous difference to governing body effectiveness. Some local associations have thousands of members, organise meetings and conferences and have their own websites. Others are small local groups. Many local authorities facilitate the formation of local governor associations, some go further and provide resources and clerking support. The NGA supports local associations with information, and acts as an information conduit to central government, to make sure the local voice is heard. The NGA can offer assistance to support a local association if problems arise with the local authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19843076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843076" title="Customer advisory council">
Customer advisory council

A Customer Advisory Council (also referred to as a Customer Advisory Board or CAB)is a form of market research whereby a group of existing customers is convened on a regular basis to advise company management on industry trends, business priorities, and strategic direction. The CAB differs from traditional focus groups in the following ways:
Composition.
Customer advisory councils and CABs typically consist of 10 to 15 customers selected to represent a cross section of the customer base. Proper selection of attendees requires identifying not only the most strategic customer company, but also the proper individual who can best represent their company's needs, priorities, and directions. Key individuals who have a strong relationship with the sponsoring company and have valuable ideas to contribute are ideal candidates. Membership may also benefit from a few outspoken customers who have voiced strong complaints in the past about existing business practice. 
Frequency and format.
It is common practice for customer advisory councils to meet 1-2 times per year. More frequent meetings are usually not practical due to time constraints of participants. Furthermore, it takes a significant amount of time to process the advisory council recommendations and implement them within the existing company strategy.
Meetings are usually held face-to-face for half a day or more. Meetings can also be held via teleconference or through interactive means though the level of 2-way dialogue may suffer. Meeting agendas usually leave ample time for facilitated discussion using a variety of brainstorming and workshop techniques.
Council member expectations.
Council members usually participate on a voluntary basis for the opportunity to influence company direction in a way which is beneficial to their own needs as well as the customer community. To maintain credibility it is important that the sponsors are committed to follow through on key recommendations made by the council or at minimum provide a rational explanation for those recommendations which are ultimately not implemented. Participants also typically benefit from the prestige of participation, ability to network with each other as well as with company officers, and opportunity to share best practices and new ideas.
Public and private companies which have formed customer advisory councils.
Customer councils and CABs have grown in popularity over the past few years, especially in the hi-tech industry sector. 

</doc>
<doc id="19843081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843081" title="David McCurdy">
David McCurdy

David McCurdy (July 29, 1810 – June 10, 1905) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Victoria County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1873 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Onslow, Nova Scotia, the son of James McCurdy and Agnes Archibald. His mother was the daughter of Matthew Archibald, who had earlier served in the provincial assembly. McCurdy married Mary Archibald in 1832. He moved to Baddeck in 1865. McCurdy ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1871 and was then elected in an 1873 by-election held after Charles James Campbell was named to the Legislative Council. He was elected again in the general election that followed in 1874. In 1878, McCurdy was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Baddeck at the age of 94.
His son William also served in the provincial assembly and his son Arthur became an inventor and astronomer.

</doc>
<doc id="19843098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843098" title="Gente (magazine)">
Gente (magazine)

Gente () is a popular and long-running Italian celebrity gossip magazine. It is published by Hachette Filipacchi Médias.

</doc>
<doc id="19843120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843120" title="Quan Cosby">
Quan Cosby

Quantwan "Quan" Cosby (born December 23, 1982) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent in the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football for the Texas Longhorns. He also played four years of professional baseball for the Anaheim Angels. 
Cosby has also been a member of the Denver Broncos, Indianapolis Colts, and the Jacksonville Jaguars
Early years.
Cosby was a stellar athlete for Mart High School, excelling in football, baseball, and track. In football he was a two time 2A All State selection at quarterback, where he was also selected to the second team all "USA Today" Team and named Offensive Player of the Year. He was also selected All State once at defensive back and kick returner. In baseball, he was mainly known for his speed, stealing 81 of 82 bases during his junior and senior years. He was effective with the bat as well, posting a .479 batting average his senior year with three home runs and 33 RBI. He won a total of three state titles in high school: one his junior year in football and two his senior year in track in the 100m and 200m dashes, with times of 10.46 and 21.31 respectively.
Baseball career.
Cosby was drafted by the Anaheim Angels in the sixth round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft and left his commitment to the University of Texas to do so. He wound up playing for four years in the outfield for the Angels organization. He started his career in the Arizona League where he played 41 games, hitting .243 with eight RBI and eight stolen bases for the Angels. His second year he played for the Provo Angels of the Pioneer League where he recorded a .302 average with nine doubles, 29 RBI, and 22 stolen bases in a total of 76 games. He continued his career playing for the Class A Cedar Rapids Kernels. His first year with them he hit .249 with four doubles, 21 RBI, and 17 stolen bases in 104 games. The next year he attained a .249 batting average, again, with eight doubles, 12 triples, five home runs, and 24 stolen bases in 119 games. At that point he had a career average of .260 in 340 total games. Though his batting average had not improved greatly, his power numbers had. After playing four years in the Angels minor league system, Cosby decided to attend the University of Texas where he would go on to play football.
College career.
Cosby attended The University of Texas at Austin and received a bachelor's degree in Social Work (BSW) in 2009.
2005.
During his freshman campaign, Cosby caught 15 passes for 270 yards with two touchdowns. He played in all 13 games and started three. He played on special teams as well, returning six punts for 92 yards. He also had two catches for 16 yards in the 2006 Rose Bowl in which the Longhorns won the BCS National Championship.
2006.
His sophomore season was a successful one in which he caught 33 passes for 525 yards and two touchdowns. He again saw action in all 13 games, starting eight. While he was still in the midst of becoming a great receiver, he was making an impact on special teams, returning 13 kickoffs for 334 yards and 2 punts for 64 yards. In the 2006 Alamo Bowl he caught seven passes for 59 yards in the Longhorns' victory over the University of Iowa.
2007.
During his junior year he again played in all 13 games, starting 11 of them. He caught 60 passes for 680 yards and 5 touchdowns, earning him AP Big 12 Honorable Mention. He excelled on special teams, posting 1,017 yards from 42 kickoffs and also returning 19 punts for 178 yards. His return stats earned him second team AP All Big 12. During the 2007 Holiday Bowl, he had just one catch for 55 yards. He did, however, return one punt for 21 yards and four kickoffs for 73 yards in the Texas victory over Arizona State University.
2008.
As a senior Cosby established himself as one of the elite wide receivers in the nation and became a favorite target for quarterback Colt McCoy. He had a career high in receiving yards with 154 against UTEP in the second game of the season. In Texas's upset over then number one ranked University of Oklahoma, Cosby caught nine passes for 122 yards, but was kept out of the endzone. During his college career, Cosby had a total of 212 receptions, 2,598 receiving yards, and a total of 19 receiving touchdowns. In the 2009 Fiesta Bowl, Cosby capped off an outstanding senior season as he scored the winning touchdown on a pass from Colt McCoy with 18 seconds left in the game.
Professional career.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Cosby went undrafted but was quickly signed as a rookie free agent by the Cincinnati Bengals. For two seasons he played lower on the wide receiver depth chart, but was a featured punt returner and special teams player. He was released by the Bengals in September 2011.
Denver Broncos.
Cosby was signed by the Denver Broncos as a punt returner on September 20, 2011. However, on December 27, 2011 Cosby was waived by the Denver Broncos.
Indianapolis Colts.
Cosby was claimed off waivers by the Indianapolis Colts on December 28, 2011. He wore the number 12 during the 2011 season. When the Colts drafted Andrew Luck with the first pick of the draft, he changed his number to 14 so that Luck could wear 12, the number he wore at Stanford. He was released on August 29, 2012.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
Cosby was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars on November 27, 2012. He was released on December 18. 
Personal.
Quan has stated that he is not related to comedian Bill Cosby. However, during the 2009 NFL Draft, Bill spent time with Quan while Quan waited to see if he would be drafted.

</doc>
<doc id="19843126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843126" title="Cross-country skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The cross-country skiing competition of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver were held at Whistler Olympic Park. The events were held between 15 and 28 February 2010.
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
! Day !! Date !! Start !! Finish !! Event
Qualification.
Across the twelve cross-country skiing events, a maximum of 310 athletes are allowed to compete. No nation can have more than 20 skiers competing, with an additional limit of 12 men or 12 women per specific nation. For each event, a nation can enter four skiers in individual events and one team in relay races.
"A" Competitors with less than 100 distance FIS points will be allowed to compete in any event. Competitors with less than 120 sprint FIS points will be allowed to compete in sprint events only.
"B" Countries that do not have a skier that meets the "A" Qualification standard have the right to enter one male and one female skier in either the sprint or the 10 km (women)/ 15 km (men) on condition that the skiers competed at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 and have a maximum of 300 FIS points in the event concerned.
A basic quota of one man and one woman was assigned to all nations competing. Each nation with a skier in the top 300 of the distance or sprint FIS points lists was allocated one additional quota place. For top 30 in the 2009-10 Cross-Country Skiing World Cup extra quota places were allocated separately for both genders, nations with two or more skiers in the top 30 earning two more skiers and nations with one skier in the top 30 earning one extra place. The remaining quotas were allocated to countries based on the FIS point allocation list. Once a nation reached the maximum of 20 slots it became ineligible to earn any more slots. Quota places not used up by the National Olympic Committees were returned to the pool and reallocated. This process started on 18 January 2010 and ran until 28 January 2010.
Participating nations.
55 will participate, with number of athletes in parenthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19843143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843143" title="Berim">
Berim

Berim is a mountain in Kosovo which is part of Mokna. It is high and is located on the Bjeshkët e Thata. It is in the municipality of Zubin Potok. From its peak parts of Gazivoda Lake can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="19843165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843165" title="Romain Poirot-Lellig">
Romain Poirot-Lellig

Romain Poirot-Lellig (born 18 February 1978) is a French investment consultant, policy advisor and author specialized in international affairs, public affairs and business development. He also teaches international relations at Sciences Po Paris.
Biography.
From early 2008 to end of 2010, Romain Poirot-Lellig worked in Kabul, Afghanistan mostly as political advisor to two successive European Union Special Representatives. He worked briefly at the French Prime minister's Secretariat général de la défense nationale from 2007 to 2008 as NATO Desk Officer.
From 2005 to 2008, he was special adviser for public policy to the President of Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. As such, he was responsible, from the private sector side, in negotiating a digital production tax credit voted by French Parliament and approved by the European Commission.
From 2001, he is a director at Harcourt Investment Holding Ltd., a firm providing financial advisory such as fundraising, business development and finance services to infrastructure, high-tech and media companies in Asia and Europe.
Prior to joining Harcourt Investment Holding Ltd, Romain Poirot-Lellig was a journalist for leading French newspapers, including "La Tribune" and "Paris Match" from 1996 to 2000.
He received a Master’s Degree in International Affairs and international security from the Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris and a Master’s Degree in Corporate Management from the Université Paris IX Dauphine.
He has been a co-founder and Executive Director of Association des Producteurs d’Oeuvres Multimédia (APOM, now SNJV), an interactive media trade group, from 2001 to 2005, as well as a Founder and Board Member of the EGDF, its European equivalent, from 2003 to 2005.
With former French ambassador in Afghanistan Jean d'Amécourt, he co-authored "Diplomate en guerre à Kaboul", a first-hand behind-the-scenes account of the pivotal years of the international coalition in Afghanistan published by Robert Laffont. The book was awarded the "Prix de la Légion d'Honneur" for 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19843190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843190" title="Figure skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Figure skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The figure skating competition of the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Pacific Coliseum between February 14 and February 27, 2010. It was the 23rd edition of the figure skating event at the Olympics, and the 21st edition at the Winter Olympics.
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Qualification.
Skater eligibility.
Skaters must be older than fifteen as of July 1, 2009 and must be a citizen of the country they represent to be eligible for the Olympic Games. Unlike qualification rules for International Skating Union events, in the case of a pair or ice dancing team, both skaters must be citizens of the country they represent in competition. In addition, International Olympic Committee rules requires that at least three years have passed since the competitor last represented another country in competition.
Skater qualification.
There is no individual athlete qualification to the Olympics; the choice of which athlete(s) to send to the Games is at the discretion of each country's National Olympic Committee.
Country qualification.
The number of entries for the figure skating events at the Olympic Games was limited by a quota set by the International Olympic Committee. There will be 30 skaters in the disciplines of ladies and men's singles, 20 pair teams, and 24 ice dancing teams.
Countries may qualify entries to the 2010 Winter Olympics in two ways. The host country, if it has not already qualified an entry in an event, is given one entry.
The majority of the country qualification occurred at the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships. At the World Championships, countries qualified up to 3 entries in each discipline. The number of multiple entries was the same as usual for the World Championships and countries who earned multiple spots to the Olympics also earned multiple spots to the 2010 World Figure Skating Championships.
Every discipline qualified separately.
The multiple spots qualification to the Olympics from the World Championships was as follows:
Placement score did not directly correlate to the placement rank. In ice dancing, if a couple did not qualify to the original dance from the compulsories, they were assigned 20 points. If an ice dance couple did not qualify to the free dance, or if a singles skater or pair team did not qualify for the free skate, they were assigned 18 points. If a skater or team competed in the free skate or free dance and placed lower than 16, they were assigned 16 points. For those placing above 16th, the placement rank is the same as the placement score.
The results of the 2009 World Championships determined 83 total spots: 24 entries in each singles discipline, 16 in pairs, and 19 in ice dancing. The available spots were awarded going down the results list, with the multiple spots being awarded first.
The remainder of the spots were filled at the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, held in the fall of 2009. Countries who have already earned an entry to the Olympics were not allowed to qualify more entries at this final qualifying competition.
If a country declined to use one or more of its spots, the vacated spot was awarded based on the results of the Nebelhorn Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19843213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843213" title="Brendan Croskerry">
Brendan Croskerry

Brendan Croskerry (born 24 July 1985 St. John's) is a Canadian singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist from Halifax, Nova Scotia. “"Superman is on Holidays"”, his first commercial release, was featured on the international selling compilation albums Disco Estrella in 2007, and Supermodelo 2007. Both compilations reached number 1 in Spain, enduring a total of 8 weeks in the number 1 spot.
In 2008 he released his debut album "Goodbye Harrier". The album was produced by Paulino Lorenzo, Michel Andrés, and Leroy Quintyn of the independent Spanish label Contactados Factoría Musical. He shared the stage with the Spanish artist Quique Gonzalez at the 2008 Actual Festival in Spain. He also performed at the 2008 Popkomm Festival, in Germany.
In 2009, Croskerry embarked on a 12-date tour of Germany with Paul Carrack, an English singer more commonly known for being a member of Ace, Squeeze, Mike + The Mechanics, and Roxy Music.
An instrumental version of "Radio Love Song" from the album "Passing Trains" (2011) was featured in the Land Rover Freelander 2 television commercial.
In 2012, Croskerry returned to Canada to pursue his music in the country he started in. He joined Toronto based marketing agency Ossington Creative as head composer and musical consultant for creative-commercial video and radio work. In July 2012, Ossington Creative recorded a live performance of Croskerry in the Don Valley. He also performed at the 2013 North by North East music festival and was listed one of the "Best of the Fest" by The Huffington Post Canada.
Brendan joined Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's office as a special assistant in May 2013 and has a planned release for the fall of 2013 for his next record.

</doc>
<doc id="19843233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843233" title="The Betrothed (Kipling poem)">
The Betrothed (Kipling poem)

The Betrothed is a poem by Rudyard Kipling, first published in book form in "Departmental Ditties" (1886). 
It is a tongue-in-cheek work by the young bachelor Kipling, who affected a very worldly-wise stance. In it, he takes as his epigraph the report of evidence in a breach of promise case, ""You must choose between me and your cigar"". The poem simply has a narrator musing on the difference between his fiancée Maggie and his habit of smoking cigars:
He weighs up Maggie's looks, and what she will be at fifty; the limitations of monogamy against "a harem of dusky beauties"; and the relatively unknown woman against the tried and tested "Counsellors" and "comforters". His conclusion is:

</doc>
<doc id="19843236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843236" title="Patrick McAuliffe">
Patrick McAuliffe

Patrick McAuliffe (1 August 1914 – 13 October 1989) was an Irish Labour Party politician. A farmer before entering politics, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North constituency at the 1944 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until he lost his seat at the 1969 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19843271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843271" title="Patrick Thimbleby">
Patrick Thimbleby

Patrick Thimbleby (born 4 October 1963) is a British photographer, who lives in London.
Life and work.
Patrick Thimbleby was born in Reading in England. He studied at Bournemouth and Poole College of Art from 1990 to 1992. He studied with Wolfgang Tillmans, Lee Jenkins (photographer),Spiros Politis and Tim Kavanagh and since 1993 he has lived and worked in London. 
""I fell in love with London when I used to travel through it on my trips to boarding school in Peterborough. This coincided with me discovering Japan (band), The Stranglers and The Human League.
Thimbleby has published work in magazines such as "House & Garden (magazine)" and "MacUser", but he is mostly known for his conceptual work and grand visions.
Since the mid-1980s, Patrick Thimbleby has pushed the boundaries of representational genres from portraiture to still life to landscape through the medium of photography.
Example of work:
Sources cited.
Dennis Publishing
Condé Nast Publications

</doc>
<doc id="19843295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843295" title="Jenny Egnot">
Jenny Egnot

Jenny Egnot (born 4 November 1968 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States) is a New Zealand yachtswoman. 
She competed for New Zealand at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, with Melinda Henshaw in the Women's Double Handed Dinghy (470) class. 
She is a sister of Leslie Egnot who represented New Zealand in yachting at the 1988, 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19843300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843300" title="Simla chadasha">
Simla chadasha

The Simla Chadasha is a compendium on the Jewish laws of ritual slaughter (Shechita). It was written by Rabbi Alexander Sender Schorr in the 18th century. Rabbi Schorr was the son of Rabbi Ephraim Zalman Schorr, the son of Rabbi Shmuel Shorr, the son of Rabbi Naftali Hirsch Schorr, the son of Rabbi Moshe Ephraim Schorr. They were direct descendents of Rabbi Yoseph Bechor Schorr of Orleans, one of the most famous of the French Tosafists.
Even in his youth, Rabbi Alexander Sender Schorr was the Chief Justice of the Rabbinic Court in the town of Hovniv directly outside of Lvov. While his work was published he lived in the town of Zelkava.
Use of the "Simla Chadasha" has become so ubiquitous that it has replaced the Shulchan Aruch as the definitive work on ritual slaughter. Any candidate who wishes to become a shochet (ritual slaughterer) is no longer tested by Rabbis on the laws found in the Shulchan Aruch—he is tested instead on his knowledge of the Simla Chadasha. The famed Rabbi Moshe Sopher, also known as the Chassam Sofer, describes the "Simla Chadasha" with the following words, "His words are the words of the Living God". The work was published well over one hundred times.
Rabbi Schorr died on Tuesday, January 29, 1737, or the 27th of Shevat in the Hebrew year 5497. His tombstone is still extant in the Jewish cemetery in Zelkava.
The Simla Chadasha is in essence a restatement of the Yoreh De'ah section of the Shulchan Aruch that deals with the laws of ritual slaughter and some of the laws of defective animal lungs.
Contents.
Chapters one through five deal with the laws of the ritual slaughterer himself and his intentions.
Chapters six through ten deal with the laws of the slaughtering knife.
Chapters eleven and twelve deal with the place and time of ritual slaughter.
Chapters thirteen through seventeen deal with the animal that was slaughtered.
Chapters eighteen through twenty five deal with the procedure of slaughter.
Chapters twenty six through twenty eight deal with various other laws.
The Simla Chadasha then skips to the section of Shulchan Aruch that deals with defects in the lungs and proceeds with a restatements of chapters thirty-five through thirty nine.
It is of great interest to note that the Simla Chadasha has only been received universally by Hasidic and Ashkenazic Jewry. The Sephardic world has not embraced its use. Shechita historians have pointed out two possible reasons for this difference. The first reason is that the author of the Simla Chadasha has taken an extremely strong stand against the author of the Pri Chadash, a Sephardic luminary, stating that the work is filled with errors in that the author had only spent two years writing it. The second reason is that the Simla Chadasha is a proponent of the idea of peeling the Sirchos (lung adhesions). This is sheer anathema in the eyes of Sephardic codifiers. Perhaps the confluence of both reasons was responsible for the non-acceptance of the Simla Chadasha in the Sephardic world.

</doc>
<doc id="19843315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843315" title="Antony Pay">
Antony Pay

Antony Pay (born 21 February 1945 in London) is a classical clarinetist. After gaining a place with the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain, with whom he performed the Mozart clarinet concerto at the ages of 16, he studied at the Royal Academy of Music and then read Mathematics at Cambridge University, graduating in 1966. 
Principal Clarinet positions include the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra from 1968 to 1978, London Sinfonietta (of which he was a founder member) from 1968 to 1983 and the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields from 1976 to 1986. A member of several chamber ensembles he has worked with the Nash Ensemble, the Tuckwell Wind Quintet, the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields Chamber Ensemble, and Hausmusik. 
During his time with the London Sinfonietta he collaborated with a variety of composers, including Boulez, Stockhausen, Birtwistle, Henze, Maxwell Davies, Goehr and Berio. For the RCA he recorded Berio’s Concertino, with the composer conducting,and gave the first performance of Henze’s mini-concerto Miracle of the Rose, which was written for him to direct from the clarinet. He has previously been Professor of Clarinet at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama from 1982 to 1990 and the Royal Academy of Music.
Recently he has concentrated on solo playing and conducting, recording the Spohr and Mozart Concertos for Decca, the Weber and Crusell Concertos for Virgin Classics and Birtwistle’s Melencolia I for NMC. He has conducted the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields in Germany, Austria and Holland, and the London Sinfonietta throughout Europe, as well as guest-conducting with orchestras in Scandinavia, Italy and the United States. 
Period performance on specially reconstructed instruments includes his recordings of the Mozart, Weber and Crusell Concertos. He currently works with The Academy of Ancient Music and the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, with both of which he is a frequent soloist. His recording of the Mozart concerto with The AAM and Christopher Hogwood is available on Decca (414 339-2). He has written for the journal Early Music and the Cambridge Companion to the Clarinet. He is working on a book concerned mainly with the use of metaphor in teaching and learning to play the clarinet.

</doc>
<doc id="19843321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843321" title="Arthur Williams McCurdy">
Arthur Williams McCurdy

Arthur Williams McCurdy (April 13, 1856 – 1923) was a Canadian businessman, inventor and astronomer.
He was born in Truro, Nova Scotia, the son of David McCurdy and Mary Archibald. He moved to Baddeck with his family at the age of nine and was educated there and at Whitby, Ontario. He returned to Baddeck, where he entered business with his father and brother William. In 1881, he married Lucy O'Brien. The following year, he bought his father's share in the business. The business failed in 1887 and McCurdy became private secretary to Alexander Graham Bell, who he had met in Baddeck. In 1889, he became an assistant in Bell's lab in Washington, D.C.. 
In 1899, he developed a portable tank for developing film, later selling the patent to Eastman Kodak. He married Hattie Maria Mace in 1902 after the death of his first wife. After leaving Bell's employ to pursue his own inventions, McCurdy moved to Toronto in 1903. A few years later, he moved to Victoria, British Columbia. He was president of the British Columbia Natural History Society and contributed an article about Victoria to the "National Geographic Magazine". McCurdy helped establish the Victoria centre of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada and served as its vice-president; McCurdy lobbied for the establishment of the Dominion Dominion Astrophysical Observatory on Vancouver Island, for a brief time the site of the largest telescope in the world. In 1916, he ran for the Esquimalt seat in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia; although he was at first declared elected, Robert Henry Pooley was declared elected after a recount. McCurdy died of heart failure in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19843325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843325" title="Isaak Mazel">
Isaak Mazel

Isaak Yakovlevich Mazel (December 1911, Minsk – March 31, 1945, Tashkent) was a Belarusian–Russian chess master. 
He tied for 8-9th at Moscow 1931 (the 7th USSR Chess Championship, Mikhail Botvinnik won), tied for 15-16th at Leningrad 1934 (the 9th USSR-ch, Grigory Levenfish and Ilya Rabinovich won).
He shared 2nd, behind Nikolai Riumin, in Moscow City Chess Championship in 1933/34,
tied for 9-12th at Moscow 1936 (the 4th Trade Unions ch, Georgy Lisitsin and Vitaly Chekhover won), and won ahead of Vladimirs Petrovs in Moscow City-ch in 1941/42.

</doc>
<doc id="19843333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843333" title="Gettysburg Battlefield Historic District">
Gettysburg Battlefield Historic District

The Gettysburg Battlefield Historic District is a region of contributing properties and over 1000 historic contributing structures (including Battle of Gettysburg memorials) and 315 historic buildings, most of which are on the protected federal property of the smaller Gettysburg National Military Park. Historic buildings range from a 1776 Colonial tavern to a vacant 1962 Modernist museum. Contributing structures include postbellum artifacts such as the 1895 Big Round Top Observation Tower Foundation Ruin, the 1893 Electric Trolley Bed, and the only remaining Tipton Boundary Marker.
History.
Historical events regarding the district's registered/documented properties include the famous 1863 Battle of Gettysburg and Gettysburg Address, and the subsequent Gettysburg Battlefield memorial development, historic commemorations, and addition of visitor services during the . Events preceding the battle include the prehistoric geomorphological events which formed the battlefield terrain that was an integral part of the battle, as well as the construction of structures subsequently associated with the battle. Notable antebellum structures that no longer exist include the 1761 Samuel Gettys tavern, as well as the McAllister Mill along Rock Creek used by the Underground Railroad. The 1776 Dobbin House Tavern was outside of the borough when it was surveyed in 1785, and the 1786 Brafferton Inn (Hoke-Codori House) is the "oldest deeded house in downtown Gettysburg". The pub (Quinn's 1859 "Railroad Store", 1924 Mitchell's Restaurant) on the northeast of the center square subsequently burned and has been restored. By 1934, the first National Park Service Parkitecture of Gettysburg granite had been completed near The Pennsylvania State Memorial.
Official groupings of historical real estate tracts began with the 1864 Gettysburg Battlefield Memorial Association and continued with the initial United States Department of War acquisitions in 1893. The 1895 "Sickles Gettysburg Park Bill" (28 Stat. 651) designated the Gettysburg National Military Park (GNMP), which included areas outside of the battlefield (e.g., structures used as field hospitals) and which was transferred in 1933 to the 1916 National Park Service. The GNMP was added to the national register in 1966, and the Gettysburg Borough Council adopted a Historic District ordinance in 1972.
The historic district, which covers a larger area than either the national park or the battlefield, was designated via 2 multiple property submissions of contributing structures and properties, the first being the Battle of Gettysburg MPS on March 19, 1975. The list of classified structures was expanded from 618 to 1200 entries , and the second MPS was dated January 23, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19843358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843358" title="Harvey James">
Harvey James

Harvey William James (20 September 1952 – 15 January 2011) was an Australian rock guitarist. He was a member of the bands Mississippi, Ariel, Sherbet and The Party Boys. Born in Sheffield, England as Harvey James Harrop, he migrated with his parents to Australia in the early 1960s.
Career.
James' first major group was the early 1970s band Mississippi, which also featured Beeb Birtles, Graham Goble Charlie Tumahai and Derek Pellicci on drums. He played on the band's hit single "Will I" after replacing Kerryn Tolhurst and was part of their appearance at Sunbury Rock Festival in 1974.
Mississippi sailed to the UK in April 1974, working on the Sitmar Line ship Fairsky but broke up after arriving. Birtles and Goble reconstituted the band, with Pellicci, in early 1975 after their return to Australia, recruiting new members and changing the name to Little River Band.
After his return to Australia, James joined progressive rock group Ariel, with Mike Rudd and Bill Putt and returned to the UK with them in 1974, where they recorded their second album "Rock & Roll Scars" at Abbey Road Studios. He remained with Ariel until early 1975, by which time the band had added a fifth member, singer-guitarist Glyn Mason.
James shot to national prominence in Australia in early 1975, when he left Ariel to replace founding member Clive Shakespeare in the chart-topping Australian pop band Sherbet. His first recording with them was their biggest hit, "Howzat", which became an Australian #1 and made the Top 5 in the UK Singles Chart. He remained with the group until they split in 1979, but he reunited with them (alongside original guitarist Clive Shakespeare) for several Sherbet reunions. He also participated in a reunion of the second line-up of Ariel in 1998. James was an original member of The Party Boys, playing on their first two albums.
Illness and death.
James was diagnosed with lung cancer in July 2010. A benefit gig, 'Gimme That Guitar', was organised by friends and supporters, taking place in Melbourne on 18 November 2010. A second concert was planned for Sydney on 17 February 2011. 
James died on 15 January 2011 aged 58. Sherbet lead singer Daryl Braithwaite posted a message at his website. James is survived by his wife, Fay, sons Gabriel and Joshua, and daughter Alexandra.

</doc>
<doc id="19843360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843360" title="Walter Bull">
Walter Bull

Walter Bull (died 1952) was an English football player and manager.
Bull played for Notts County and Tottenham Hotspur in the 1900s. At Tottenham, he counted amongst his team-mates Herbert Chapman; in 1907 Bull was offered the job of Northampton Town manager but after accepting changed his mind, and recommended Chapman take charge of the club instead, launching his career in management. Bull would eventually become Chapman's successor at Northampton Town, taking over in 1912 but managing the club for just a single season (1912-13).
WALTER BULL
Born: Nottingham, 19 December 1874.
Died: Nottingham, 21 July 1952.
1908: ; .
Position: Half back/Utility.
Career: St. Andrew’s (Nottingham); Notts County 1894; Tottenham Hotspur May, 1904; Heanor United June 1910; Coached an Argentine club at Buenos Aires April 1911 to June 1912; Northampton Town player/manager July 1912 to 1913.
Honours: Football League representative, England first reserve (unused), international trialist. 
First Team Appearances and Goals for Tottenham Hotspur
Debut: 08.10.04 v Bristol Rovers.
Final match: 28.04.09 v Derby County.
Southern League Apps 105 Gls 9 (1904-05 to 1907-08)
Football League Apps 12 (1908-09 only)
FA Cup Apps 15 Gls 1
Walter also played in 22 Western League matches, scoring one goal, plus 28 other minor cup, friendly and tour matches, scoring five goals.
Known appearances for other clubs
Notts County Football League Apps 282 Gls 53 (1894-95 to 1903-04).
Football League debut: 03.11.1894 v Woolwich Arsenal.
Northampton Town Southern League Apps 3 (1912-13 only). 
Notes
A dispute over the transfer fee payable delayed his move from Notts County to Tottenham who eventually paid £300 on 5 October 1908. He captained both clubs, his stint as Spurs skipper coming during season 1907-08. 
Walter featured when County provided the opposition for Spurs first official game at White Hart Lane in September 1899. The County goalkeeper was injured during the game and Walter donned the gloves. He reportedly played in every position on the field during his time with County.
Heanor United were members of the Notts & Derbyshire League during his time with them.
Walter played for the Football League against the Scottish League at Ibrox Park, Glasgow on 19 March 1901. He had previously scored for the North in an international trial match against the South at the old Crystal Palace on 25 February 1901. He then featured for the South v North at Ashton Gate, Bristol on 13 February 1905 and again on 22 January 1906. He also played for Professionals of the South v Amateurs of the South on 8 January 1906. During 1905-06 he was first reserve for the Full England team as understudy to Colin Veitch, the regular centre half.
Represented Spurs on the Professional Footballers Association committee when the organisation was formed in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19843414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843414" title="Ashton Hall railway station">
Ashton Hall railway station

Ashton Hall railway station was a private halt in Lancashire, England. Located on the Glasson Dock Branch, it was opened to serve Ashton Hall, the home of Lord Ashton, a local businessman. The house is now Lancaster Golf Club.
History.
Opened by the London and North Western Railway, the station passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923, only to be closed seven years later.
The site today.
The trackbed through the former station is now part of the Lancashire Coastal Way [http://www.lancashire.gov.uk/environment/countryside/walking/wcoastal.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="19843417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843417" title="Aai (film)">
Aai (film)

Aai is a 2004 Indian Tamil language film starring Sarath Kumar, Namitha, Vadivelu and Kalabhavan Mani. It was a successful film with a good soundtrack.
Plot.
Aai is about a military officer who tries to cleanse the society of all bad elements. R. Sarath Kumar, gets agitated when he hears the word "aai", in this old wine in a new bottle story.
The Movie opens with R. Sarath Kumar in a town in TamilNadu living happily with his Sister and friends. Sarath stays away from all wanted trouble and is forced to resort to fighting to defend his sister from the local Rowdy played by Vincent Asokan. A Flashback follows where it is revealed that he is a Military Officer and his sister is actually the sister of his best friend Kalabhavan Mani. It is also revealed that Sarath had maintained a low profile to protect his sister from his nemesis Kota Srinivasa Rao whom he had left crippled before he went into hiding.
How Sarath protects his sister and his love interest Namitha from Kota Srinivasa Rao and Vincent Asokan forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="19843424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843424" title="Gović">
Gović

Gović is a Croatian surname.
The surname originates from the Adriatic island of Krapanj, where they settled in the 16th century after seeking refuge from the Ottomans. They later settled in parts of the immediate mainland (Brodarica, Žaborić, Jadrtovac).
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19843436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843436" title="Lort River">
Lort River

Lort River is a river located in the Goldfields-Esperance region and the Eastern Mallee sub-region of Western Australia. 
The headwaters of the Lort River begin in the Peak Charles National Park and its surrounding vacant Crown land. The river flows in a south-westerly direction and enters farmland area for a distance of with a reserve that is an average of wide containing riparian vegetation. The river then enters the Stokes National Park before discharging into Stokes Inlet.
Both the river and the inlet were named by John Septimus Roe while exploring and surveying the area in 1848 after his friend Admiral John Lort Stokes.
The catchment of the river has been extensively cleared for Agricultural purposes. It is estimated that 60% of the catchment has been cleared; this has led to increased sedimentation, eutrophication and salinity levels of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19843438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843438" title="Balance and Control">
Balance and Control

Balance and Control is the second studio album by Irish band Scullion. It was released in 1980 by WEA.

</doc>
<doc id="19843458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843458" title="Hugo Markus Ganz">
Hugo Markus Ganz

Dr. Hugo Markus Ganz (April 24, 1862 - January 2, 1922) was a German political and literary writer and journalist for the German newspaper "Frankfurter Zeitung" and Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung".
Dr. Hugo Markus Ganz originated from Mainz in Germany and worked as a political and literary writer and journalist for the Frankfurter Zeitung. This German newspaper had stationed him in Budapest in the Austro Hungarian Empire in the 1890s for which he had taken on the Austro Hungarian nationality. In Budapest, Hugo Ganz met his wife Maria Török (1872–1926) with whom he had two children: Margarete Ganz (1893–1975) and Josef Ganz (1898–1967).
Around the turn of the century, the Ganz family relocated to Vienna where the family-house became a meeting point for members of state, famous scientists and prominent artists such as Franz von Bayros (1866–1924) – also known as the Marquis de Bayros – who belonged to the Decadent movement and is best known for his controversial 'Tales at the Dressing Table' portfolio. In Vienna, Hugo Ganz was appointed as the "Präsident des Verbandes der auswärtigen Presse".
During the first three months of the Russo Japanese War (1904–1905), Hugo Ganz was stationed in St Petersburg in Russia where he wrote the book "Vor der Katastrophe" (published in 1904; Dutch edition: "Vóór het ineenstorten, een blik in het ondergaande Czarenrijk", ed. P.M. Wink, Amersfoort, 1904). Other books from his name include "Der Rebell" (published in 1900), "Reiseskizzen aus Rumänien" (published in 1903), "Die Preußische Polenpolitik" (published in 1907) and "Der Bundesbruder" (published in 1915).

</doc>
<doc id="19843461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843461" title="2003 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France">
2003 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France

The 2003 Kangaroo Tour was a six-match tour by the Australia national rugby league team of France, Wales and England, and to date has been the last Kangaroo Tour. The last three matches were all Tests against Great Britain for the Ashes. Coached by Chris Anderson and captained by Darren Lockyer, Australia continued its dominance, winning all of the three tests against Great Britain and retaining The Ashes that they have held since 1973 but the 3-0 scoreline didn't show how close the series really was as Australia had to come from behind to win every test.
Touring squad.
The Australian team was again coached by Chris Anderson who was making his 4th Kangaroo tour. As Gorden Tallis had retired from representative football a month before, the team was captained by the newly appointed Darren Lockyer.
Ashes series.
Australia were to contest Great Britain for the Ashes for the last time in 2003 in what was styled the "Think! Road Safety Test series". The Australian Rugby League and Rugby Football League agreed beforehand that the best-of-three series would be officiated by British refrees Steve Ganson and Russell Smith for the 1st and 3rd tests, and by Australian referee Tim Mander for the 2nd test. The series was broadcast on television by Sky Sports with commentary by Eddie Hemmings, Mike Stephenson, Shaun McRae, Bill Arthur and Chris Warren.
1st Test.
Great Britain kicked off and Australian front rower Robbie Kearns, taking the very first hit-up of the match was struck high by his opposite number Adrian Morley, who was promptly sent off, leaving his team to play the entire match with only twelve men. It was a record for the fastest ever sending off in rugby league history. In the eleventh minute Australia had reached the opposition's end of the field and after playing the ball right in front of the try line, Gower and Lockyer strung long passes together to get it out to the right wing where Bailey dived over in the corner. The video referee David Campbell ruled that Bailey had grounded the ball before his feet were pulled into touch and he was awarded his first international try. With first choice goal-kicker Craig Fitzgibbon taken from the field suffering concussion in the lead-up to the try, the conversion attempt was made by Craig Gower who missed, so the Kangaroos led 0-4. Great Britain later got the ball down to Australia's end and equalised with a similar try, with international debutant Carney diving over in the right-hand corner just before the eighteen-minute mark. Sean Long's conversion attempt was also missed so the scores were level at 4-4. In the thirty-first minute, the Australians had almost reached Great Britain's try line where on the fifth tackle Lockyer at first receiver put a short kick in behind the defense for Waterhouse to grab onto and fall over the line. The video referee was called upon to check for off-side but the try was awarded. Gower's second conversion attempt was also missed so Australia led 4-8 and this remained the score until half-time.
Nearly five minutes into the second half a brawl erupted between Brian Carney and Michael Crocker and in the aftermath Crocker was sent to the sin bin. A few minutes later, following a handling error by Lockyer close to the centre of his own try-line, Great Britain were awarded a scrum feed. From the scrum win the ball was moved out to left centre Keith Senior who dived over in the fiftieth minute to equalise the scores again. Long kicked the conversion successfully so the home side lead 10-8. This lead was extended with a penalty kick by Long making it 12-8. Australia later made their way down to Great Britain's end of the field and on the last tackle Brett Kimmorley from dummy-half ran up to the defensive line then threw a long cut out pass left to his halves partner Craig Gower to run through a gap and dive over the try-line untouched, equalising the score once again. With Fitzgibbon back on the field the conversion was successful so Australia were leading 12-14 with thirty minutes remaining. From the ensuing kick-off Gower knocked on and from the resulting possession right in front of Australia's try-line, Great Britain, after keeping the ball alive got it out to right winger Carney who dove over in the corner again. The video referee checked that the ball was put down properly before Carney's legs were pulled into touch and he was awarded the try, re-gaining the lead for Great Britain. Paul Deacon with his first conversion attempt for Great Britain kicked the goal from the sideline successfully, so the home side were leading 18-14 with less than ten minutes of the match remaining. Then in the seventy-fifth minute the Kangaroos were a few metres into Great Britain's half of the field and on the last tackle. They swung the ball out to the left where Craig Wing made a break and passed it back inside for Darren Lockyer coming up in support to run the remaining fifteen metres and score untouched under the posts. Fitzgibbon's conversion was successful so Australia were leading 18-20. When taking a goal-line drop out, Andy Farrell kicked it out on the full resulting in a penalty to Australia right in front of the uprights. Fitzgibbon kicked the goal in the final minute so the full-time score was 18-22.
2nd Test.
For his high tackle in the 1st Test, Great Britain front rower Adrian Morley avoided suspension, only incurring a fine of ₤2,000 from a three-man international judiciary panel consisting of Queensland Rugby League chairman John McDonald, Rugby Football League representative Derek Fox and chairman, Judge Peter Charlesworth. 
Statistics.
Leading Try Scorer
Leading Point Scorer
Largest Attendance

</doc>
<doc id="19843464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843464" title="Devon Hodges">
Devon Hodges

Devon Hodges (born 26 July 1984) is a Jamaican professional football player who played as a striker for Rivoli United in the Jamaican National Premier League.
Club career.
Wadadah.
He started his career with Wadadah in 2003.
Rivoli United.
But moved to Rivoli after teammate Dwight Heron convinced him to join him from Montego Bay to Spanish Town. After relegation to the second level in summer 2006, Hodges scored eight goals in six play-off matches at the end of the 2007/2008 season, with four coming in the last match as his team routed his former club Wadadah 11–0 to gain promotion back to the NPL.
In his first season back at the highest level, he immediately became top league goalscorer, scoring 24 goals in the 2008/2009 season to keep Rivoli up. Hodges has continued his goalscoring pace in the 2009/2010 season with 17 goals as on 5 May 2010. Hodges finished the 2009/10 season with 18 goals in the DPL and finish as the joint leading goalscorer, unfortunately Rivoli United was relegated to the South Central Confederation Super League.
Tivoli Gardens.
On 2 September 2010, Hodges signed with a loan deal with Tivoli Gardens.
Sông Lam Nghệ An.
In January 2011, Hodges signed a six-month loan deal with Sông Lam Nghệ An
TDCS Dong Thap F.C..
In 2012, Hodges signed with TDCS Dong Thap F.C. for the 2012 V-league season.
Rivoli United.
Hodges returned to Rivoli United in 2013 and led them to the Super League title and a return to the NPL.
International career.
He made his debut for Jamaica in a May 2009 friendly match against El Salvador and scored his first international goal in his second match against Panama.
Achievements.
Rivoli United
Sông Lam Nghệ An
NPL records.
Hodges gained local fame by setting the record for most goals scored in a single National Premier League (NPL) game, when he scored 10 during Rivoli's 15–0 trashing (which is also a record) of Invaders in the 2004/2005 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19843468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843468" title="List of Civil Service Ministers of France">
List of Civil Service Ministers of France

List of Civil Service Ministers of France

</doc>
<doc id="19843478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843478" title="Joseph Robbins Kinney">
Joseph Robbins Kinney

Joseph Robbins Kinney (April 15, 1839 – November 1919) was a merchant, notary public and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented the Yarmouth district in the Canadian House of Commons from 1882 to 1887 as a Liberal member.
The son of William Kinney (1809–1890) and Orpah Robbins, he was born in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia. In 1860, he married Ada E. Ritchie. Kinney was consular agent for the United States. He represented Yarmouth County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882. He ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the House of Commons in 1887 and 1891. Kinney was married twice: to Ada E. Ritchie in 1860 and in 1881 to Mary B. Dakin. Kinney served as Inspector of Fisheries for Nova Scotia for the division West of Halifax from 1890 to 1895.
His brother, also named William Kinney (1832–1915), traveled to the Hawaiian Islands where he owned a sugar plantation.
Nephew William Ansel Kinney became a lawyer, and nephew Ray Kinney (1900–1972) a popular musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19843481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843481" title="Good for Cows">
Good for Cows

Good For Cows is an experimental jazz band from Oakland, USA. Their line-up consists of Xiu Xiu's current drummer Ches Smith
Beginning.
Band claims they formed in Oakland, CA in 1999 ""when no one else would show up for band practice"".

</doc>
<doc id="19843524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843524" title="Plas Newydd (Llangollen)">
Plas Newydd (Llangollen)

Plas Newydd is an historic house in the town of Llangollen, Denbighshire, Wales, and was the home of the Ladies of Llangollen, Lady Eleanor Butler and Sarah Ponsonby, for nearly 50 years. Today, it is run as a museum by Denbighshire County Council.
It appeared in the 1989 BBC adaptation of "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader" (one of the Narnia Chronicles written by C.S. Lewis) as the home of the wizard Coriakin (played by Preston Lockwood).
It was also used in a 1987 episode of the TV series "Treasure Hunt" and "Antiques Road Trip" in 2013. It was also featured on "Most Haunted"

</doc>
<doc id="19843532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843532" title="List of Information Ministers of France">
List of Information Ministers of France

The following is a list of information ministers of France

</doc>
<doc id="19843562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843562" title="N'Dinga Mbote">
N'Dinga Mbote

N´Dinga Mbote Amily (born 11 September 1966 in Kinshasa, Zaire) is a Congolese retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Club career.
Mbote arrived at Vitória de Guimarães in Portugal at the age of only 20, signing from AS Vita Club. He played with the Minho club for one full decade, always competing in the top division and sharing teams with countryman Basaula Lemba during five seasons.
N'Dinga (as he was known in Portugal), helped Vitória to five UEFA Cup qualifications, his best season being 1990–91 when he played in all 38 games – the league was then composed of 20 clubs – and scored two goals, for a final ninth place. 
Mbote was the centerpiece of a scandal in Portuguese football that involved his team and Académica de Coimbra: after the 1997–98 season, Académica was relegated following an unsuccessful protest regarding an irregular use of the player. After a lengthy judicial battle, the two clubs ceased their relations for decades.
International career.
Mbote played for the Zaire national team during one decade, his debut coming in 1988. He appeared in three matches at the 1994 Africa Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19843564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843564" title="Greg Pearce (politician)">
Greg Pearce (politician)

Greg Pearce BA, LLB MLC, an Australian politician, is a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales representing the Liberal Party of Australia since 1 November 2000.
Early life and education.
Pearce was born to parents George Alfred and Margaret Anne Pearce on 22 January 1955 at Camperdown, New South Wales, one of three siblings.
Pearce attended public primary schools at Bundanoon and Wentworth Falls, but later went on to be educated in the Catholic school system at De La Salle Brothers and Benilde High School at Bankstown. He then attended the University of Sydney and obtained a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws.
Career.
Pearce was admitted as a solicitor on 14 July 1978 and practiced at Freehill, Hollingdale and Page, Solicitors (now known as Freehills) from 1978. He became a partner at the age of 28, and was part of the first international environment law practice in Australia. This led to him attending as a delegate at the Earth Summit in Brazil in 1992. until 2000. He became a Director with Clean Up Australia and then Clean Up the World.
He became the President of the Double Bay Branch of Liberal Party in 1993 and continued in that role until 2000. He was a Member of the CARE Sydney Fundraising Committee between 1999 and 2000, a Councillor on the Law Society of New South Wales between 1999 and 2001.
Political career.
He was appointed to the casual vacancy in the Legislative Council of New South Wales on 1 November 2000 following the resignation of John Hannaford. The balance of Hannaford’s term was until the start of 2003. He defeated Kerry Jones in the pre-selection battle for the nomination to the vacancy.
He first stood for election in 2003. He was pre-selected as the third on the joint Liberal/National ticket for the Upper House. He was declared elected after obtaining the seventh highest quota in the election.
In Parliament he has been on the Standing Committee on Law and Justice, Joint Select Committee on the Cross City Tunnel, and the Standing Committee on Social Issues. In 2003 he was Chair of the Opposition Waste Watch Committee until 2005. 
He was the Shadow Minister for Finance in 2005 and 2006, the Shadow Minister for Infrastructure in 2005, 2006 and 2007. The Assistant Shadow Minister for Planning in 2006, the Shadow Minister for Commerce in 2006 and 2007, the Shadow Minister for Housing in 2006 and 2007, Shadow Treasurer from 11 April 2007 until 29 December 2008 when Leader of the Opposition Barry O'Farrell conducted a reshuffle of the Shadow Cabinet. 
On 3 April 2011, Pearce was appointed Minister for Finance and Services and the Minister for the Illawarra in the O'Farrell ministry.
Pearce was dismissed from the cabinet and the ministry on 1 August 2013 after an investigation revealed that he failed to disclose a conflict of interest when making an appointment to the board of Sydney Water.

</doc>
<doc id="19843568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843568" title="James Steuart">
James Steuart

James Steuart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19843583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843583" title="Patna School of Painting">
Patna School of Painting

Patna School of Painting or Patna Qalaam or company painting is a style of Indian Painting, which existed in Bihar, India in the 18th and 19th centuries. Patna Qalaam was world’s first independent school of painting which dealt exclusively with the commoner and his lifestyle also helped Patna Kalam paintings gain in popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="19843586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843586" title="List of Canadian actors">
List of Canadian actors

This is an alphabetical list of notable Canadian actors.

</doc>
<doc id="19843593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843593" title="Oleg Skripochka">
Oleg Skripochka

Oleg Ivanovich Skripochka (born 24 December 1969 in Nevinnomyssk, Stavropol Krai, Russia) is a Russian cosmonaut. In 2011 he was in space serving as an Expedition 25/26 crewmember.
On April 12, 2011, Skripochka was awarded the titles of Hero of the Russian Federation and Pilot-Cosmonaut of the Russian Federation for courage and heroism in the implementation of long-duration space flight on the International Space Station.
Education.
Skripochka entered the Bauman Moscow State Technical University after graduating from high school in 1987. He graduated in 1993 from the university with a diploma of mechanical engineer in rocket construction.
Experience.
Skripochka worked as a test-metal worker between 1987 to 1991 and as a Technician between 1991 to 1993 in the scientific-industrial association project bureau at Energia. After graduating from the Bauman Moscow State Technical University, from August 1993 to August 1997 he worked as an engineer in Energia RSC project bureau on the development of transport and cargo vehicles.
Roscosmos career.
In 1997, Skripochka was selected as a test cosmonaut and from January 1998 to November 1999, he studied the advanced space training course. From April 2007 to April 2008, he trained as an ISS Expedition 17 backup crewmember (Soyuz TMA and ISS flight engineer). From August 2008 he trained as an ISS Expedition 25/26 and Soyuz TMA-M flight engineer.
Expedition 25/26.
Skripochka was a member (Flight Engineer) of the ISS Expedition 25/26, that was launched on 7 October 2010 from Baikonur Cosmodrome, aboard Soyuz TMA-01M spacecraft, together with cosmonaut Aleksandr Kaleri and NASA astronaut Scott Kelly. Skripochka arrived at the ISS after the Soyuz spacecraft linked up with the space station at 00:01 UTC on 10 October 2010. He is expected to remain in the ISS till March 2011. During their mission, Skripochka and the rest of the Expedition 25/26 crew will participate in a wide array of research, including fundamental physics, biometric experiments and investigations of crystal growth in space, as well as education outreach.
After spending 159 days in space, Skripochka returned to Earth on 16 March 2011. The Soyuz TMA-01M spacecraft carrying Skripochka, Kaleri and Kelly undocked from the Poisk module at 4:27 GMT. Following a nominal re-entry, the Soyuz capsule touched down on its side at 7:54 GMT near Arkalyk in north central Kazakhstan. A few minutes later, Skripochka and his two crew members were pulled from the capsule and placed in reclining chairs.
The weather at the landing side was harsh with high winds and viciously cold temperatures. At one point in his live landing commentary, NASA spokesman Rob Navias said "You would think that was a scene out of the North Pole," to explain the extreme climatic conditions.
Spacewalks.
Skripochka participated in three spacewalks during his stay aboard the space station as an Expedition 25 and 26 Flight Engineer.
Russian EVA #26.
On 15 November 2010, Skripochka participated in a spacewalk with fellow Russian cosmonaut and Expedition 25 Flight Engineer Fyodor Yurchikhin. At 13:25 UTC, he and Yurchikhin ventured into space outside the ISS from the Pirs airlock to conduct Russian EVA #26. The spacewalk lasted six hours and 27 minutes. It was the first for Skripochka, who was in the spacesuit marked with blue stripes (Orlan-MK #5). The two cosmonauts removed Kontur and Expose-R scientific experiments. The Kontur experiment studied remote object control capability for robotic arms and the Expose-R experiment is a European Space Agency experiment designed to expose organic material to the extreme environment of space. During the spacewalk, Skripochka and Yurchikhin also installed a portable multipurpose workstation on the Zvezda service module and installed handrail extensions between
the Poisk Module and both Zvezda and Zarya modules. They performed an experiment called Test, which is aimed at verifying the existence
of micro organisms or contamination underneath insulation on the Russian segment of the ISS. Skripochka and Yurchikhin removed a television camera from the Rassvet module, however they were not able to relocate the camera due to interference with insulation where it was to be installed.
Russian EVA #27.
During the second spacewalk (Russian EVA #27), conducted on 21 January 2011, Skripochka and cosmonaut Dmitri Kondratyev focused to complete installation of a new high-speed data transmission system. Skripochka was designated as Extravehicular 2, and had a blue stripe on his spacesuit. Skripochka also wore a NASA-provided wireless television camera system and helmet lights to provide live point-of-view video to Mission Control-Moscow. Kondratyev and Skripochka began the five-hour, 23-minute spacewalk at 9:29 a.m. EST when the two cosmonauts opened the Pirs hatch and began exiting the Russian segment of the space station. The spacewalk ended at 2:52 p.m EST. They deployed the antenna for the Radio Technical System for Information Transfer, an experimental system designed to enable large data files to be downlinked using radio technology at a speed of about 100 MB/s from space station's Russian segment. 
During the spacewalk, Kondratyev and Skripochka also removed the plasma pulse generator on the port side of the Zvezda module that was part of an experiment to investigate disturbances and changes in the ionosphere from space station impulse plasma flow. The generator, was covered, removed and returned inside the Pirs airlock. They also removed the commercial Expose-R experiment from the port side of Zvezda. The joint Russian and European Space Agency package contains a number of material samples that were left open to space conditions. Working inside the Pirs airlock, Kondratyev and Skripochka grabbed the new docking camera for the Rassvet module (MRM1) and carried it to the worksite on Rassvet. They installed the camera and mated the camera’s cable to a pre-wired connector that will route the video into the space station.
Russian EVA #28.
On 16 February 2011, Skripochka and Kondratyev participated in a spacewalk (Russian EVA #28) outside the ISS. The tasks for Skripochka and Kondratyev included to install a radio antenna, deploy a nano satellite, install two experiments and retrieve two exposure panels on a third experiment. The experiments they installed are the Molniya-Gamma experiment, which measures gamma splashes and optical radiation during terrestrial lightning and thunder conditions, and a high-speed data transmission system experiment that uses radio technology. The exposure panels retrieved are part of the Komplast experiment.

</doc>
<doc id="19843601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843601" title="Dragon Hunters (film)">
Dragon Hunters (film)

Dragon Hunters () is a 2008 French computer-animated fantasy film, directed by creator Arthur Qwak and Guillaume Ivernel. It stars the voices of Vincent Lindon, Patrick Timsit and Marie Drion. The film was produced by Futurikon, and co-produced by LuxAnimation, Mac Guff Ligne and Trixter. It is based on the "Dragon Hunters" TV series.
Plot.
Lord Arnold wants to find knights to destroy the World Gobbler, a powerful dragon which awakens every 20 years and causes great destruction. His grandniece, Zoe, is a child passionate with the fairy tale knights, especially Silver Knight Gothik, and upon hearing her uncle's distress, flees the castle in search of him. Eventually Zoe is attacked by a pair of dragons, and Lian-Chu, a roving dragon hunter, rescues her, leading Zoe to think that Lian-Chu is a knight. Gwizdo, the leader of the group convinces Lian-Chu to pretend to be a knight when they hear that Zoe's uncle is rich, thus enabling them to fulfill their dream of someday owning a farm. They decide to go to the castle, whereupon the blind Lord approves Lian-Chu's bid as a knight, and briefs him on the World Gobbler. Their mission is to stop the World Gobbler from destroying their world.
Gwizdo and his friends set off to the end of the world where the dragon`s ancient lair is, among the ruins of already dead cities. They find that the "World Gobbler" is a skeletal dragon in which Zoe had seen in her nightmares. Lian-Chu battles with the dragon and hides when he knows he is no match. The dragon in turn tries to eat Gwizdo, Zoe, and Hector. Just when the dragon is about to eat his friends and they desperately call him, Lian-Chu has a flashback of him making a childhood promise to slay the dragon. Lian-Chu regains his courage and throws his two knitting needles into the only vulnerable part of the dragon, the eyes. The World Gobbler agonizes and dies, and with a blinding flash the world of ruins and the growing darkness is transformed into a world of green fields. The Lord is also cured, but turned back on his promise to reward Gwizdo and Lian-Chu. Zoe leaves her uncle to live with her heroes. She takes some of her uncle's money and gives it to Gwizdo and Lian-Chu for their future journeys and their home.
Release.
An English dubbed version starring the voices of Forest Whitaker, Rob Paulsen and Mary Mouser was released in the United States on 5 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19843603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843603" title="List of Government spokespeople of France">
List of Government spokespeople of France

A list of Government spokespeople of France:

</doc>
<doc id="19843617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843617" title="Arabian Hall of the Winter Palace">
Arabian Hall of the Winter Palace

The Arabian Hall, sometimes known as the Blackamoor Hall or the Arabian Dining Room, is one of the semi-private rooms of the Winter Palace in Saint Petersburg. In the Tsarist era, it was the room from which imperial processions through the state rooms began. The double doors were designed to be on a straight axis through the principal state rooms and ultimately the Jordan Staircase, forming an enfilade. Thus it was here the Romanov family often assembled, in private, before state receptions and occasions. The privacy of the room was not compromised by the small private courtyard ("see plan") from which windows, which once led to the Tsaritsa's winter-garden below, admitted light.
Designed by Alexander Briullov following the Winter Palace fire of 1837, the room is decorated in the neoclassical style fashionable in the early 19th century, known as Pompeian. A ceiling, with a low segmental barrel vault with bands of shallow coffering stuccoed with classical motifs, is seemingly supported by a colonnade of engaged fluted Greek Doric columns with enriched echinus molding and no bases. A Greek key fret enriches the entablature that runs without a break round the room. The only furnishings were the dining chairs of Greek klismos type, formally ranged round the walls. When the Imperial family were to dine here, dining tables would be brought in, covered and laid, then removed afterwards.
The various geographically confused names of the Arabian Hall derive, not from any peculiar contents, but from the four official pseudo-bodyguards of the Tsar who travelled from palace to palace with the Imperial family. They were four "massive Negroes" fantastically dressed in scarlet trousers, gold jackets, white turbans and curved shoes. Wherever the Tsar was, they guarded the doors between the private and official world. They had no other function other than to open and close doors; their sudden, but silent appearance into a room was the signal that heralded the immediate appearance of the Tsar or Tsaritsa.
Although the guards were referred to as the Ethiopians or Blackamoors, from 1896, at least one was an American. Jim Hercules holidayed in the USA and always returned with jars of guava jelly for the Imperial children.
Today, the empty hall is occasionally used for special exhibitions held by the State Hermitage Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19843629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843629" title="Geoffrey Coleridge, 3rd Baron Coleridge">
Geoffrey Coleridge, 3rd Baron Coleridge

Geoffrey Duke Coleridge, 3rd Baron Coleridge (23 July 1877–27 March 1955) was responsible for making the archive of his ancestor the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge available to researchers for the first time.
The only son of Bernard Coleridge MP, and grandson of John Coleridge, a Lord Chief Justice of England, Coleridge was educated at Eton College in Berkshire, England. He graduated from Trinity College, Oxford in 1900 with a BA.
As a young man he often travelled the law circuits with his father, and went with him to the United States, where he later claimed to have danced down Broadway with Ellen Terry. Coleridge served as a Lieutenant in the 3rd Battalion, the Devonshire Regiment until resigning his commission in 1901. He served in World War I in the 4th Battalion of the Devonshire Regiment, and was promoted Acting Captain in April 1917. Coleridge left the Army in 1919. He succeeded to the title of 3rd Baron Coleridge of Ottery St. Mary on 24 September 1927 after the death of his father.
In 1930 Coleridge and his wife were approached by Canadian academic Kathleen Coburn for permission to examine the family archive at The Chanter's House for material written by his great-great-great uncle, Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The Coleridges mistakenly thought Coburn was interested in the house and its furniture. She later wrote,`When I said it was chiefly in any manuscripts and annotated books of the poet in the library, I could see even Coleridge's self-control quail. Not a word was said. Geoffrey Coleridge bantered: `Old Sam was only a poet, you know, never did anything practical that was any good to anybody, actually not thought much of in the family, a bit of a disgrace in fact ... why a young girl like you should spend your time on the old reprobate, I can't think! ... Now I at least know something about beef cattle ...'.
Coburn wrote that Coleridge "...had a brusque, dry, caustic tongue which could be rude or frightening if intuition didn't tell one that the last thing to do was be offended or frightened. With Lady Coleridge's gentle encouragement I cheerfully returned his grapeshot."
Realising that her intentions were serious, he gave her unlimited access to the Coleridge family archive, which he allowed her to have photographed and the copies placed in the British Museum, and granted her permission to edit and publish the Notebooks. In 1949 Coburn was instrumental in negotiating the sale of this Chanter's House archive to the British Museum for £10,200, with a donation from the Pilgrim Trust. The collection was eventually deposited with the British Museum in May 1951.
Coleridge held the office of Justice of the Peace for Devon from 1929 to 1952. He married Jessie Alethea Mackarness (1880–1957), daughter of George Evelyn Mackarness, on 14 September 1904 at St. Michael's Church in Sandhurst. They had three sons, the oldest, Richard Duke Coleridge succeeding to the barony on his father's death.
Coleridge died of a heart attack at the family home, The Chanter's House in Ottery St Mary in 1955, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="19843634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843634" title="Rain on Your Parade">
Rain on Your Parade

"Rain on Your Parade" is a song by Welsh singer-songwriter Duffy from the deluxe version of her debut studio album "Rockferry" (2008). It was released as the lead and only single from the deluxe album worldwide on 9 November 2008. The song was written by Duffy and "Rockferry" collaborator Steve Booker and produced by Booker. It is an up-tempo pop song in which Duffy uses an idiom for ruining her lover and their intentions. The song marked a departure from the down-tempo soul and balladry of the original version of "Rockferry", incorporating elements of R&B and soul. It received positive reviews from critics, with many complementing Duffy's vocals. The song was originally recorded in aim to be released as the "James Bond" theme from "Quantum of Solace", although "Another Way to Die" was chosen instead. Musically, the song was compared to previous title themes chosen for the franchise, making use of strings. It was called a "big, retro-sounding pop-soul number".
Commercially, the song was a moderate chart success, peaking at number 15 on the UK Singles Chart, and reaching the top ten on the Italian FIMI Singles Chart. The song's accompanying music video featured Duffy in a style never previously connected with her, with a complicated dance routine and violin players. Duffy performed "Rain on Your Parade" on several television shows including "The Royal Variety Show" and "New Year Live", whilst it has since featured on several film soundtracks and compilation albums. The song was released alongside three B-sides, one of which, titled "Smoke Without Fire" was written for the film "An Education".
Release and background.
Promotion.
Duffy performed the song on various TV shows and broadcast festivals in order to promote the release. Shows included The Royal Variety Show, New Year Live and various others. The song as well as "I'm Scared" featured in the 2009 film, "Bride Wars". She also performed the track on the BBC Comic Relief charity appeal. The song features a prevalent string section that plays the main riff on the track.
The song is used to promote the season 5 of "Desperate Housewives" in Australia.
Reception.
Critical.
The song was well received by critics with many picking up on the "James Bond" feel to the track. Digital Spy gave the single four out of five stars and predicted that it would be another "smash" for Duffy with its "distinctive" vocals. Music.Com described it as a "big, retro-sounding pop-soul number".
Chart performance.
On the UK Singles Chart, it debuted at number twenty two on digital download sales, before rising to number fifteen, giving Duffy her third top twenty hit, and then falling to number twenty two again. After leaving the top forty the song re-entered the chart, at number thirty seven then went up 5 places to number thirty two, where it stayed for two weeks. It has since fallen from the top forty, and has lingered around the lower section of the charts.
The song was also Duffy's second top ten hit on the Italian Singles Chart where it entered the chart at number ten giving "Rain on Your Parade" its first top ten chart placing in Europe. The song was also Duffy's fourth top forty hit on many European single charts.
Music video.
The music video was shot in London, with director Sophie Muller and premiered via YouTube on 17 October 2008. The video has Duffy in a black background which changes to white, it also has people playing violins, and has male dancers around her whilst she stands in the centre of the room. Inspiration for the video came from the Judy Garland number "Get Happy" in the 1950 film "Summer Stock". The video was released onto UK iTunes on 14 October.

</doc>
<doc id="19843635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843635" title="Halloween Party (album)">
Halloween Party (album)

Halloween Party is an album by Pink Anvil, released in 2003 by Ipecac Recordings.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Pink Anvil.

</doc>
<doc id="19843640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843640" title="Company Names Tribunal">
Company Names Tribunal

The Company Names Tribunal was created on 1 October 2008 in the United Kingdom and is a direct result of the coming into force of Section 69 of the Companies Act 2006. The Company Names Tribunal is administered by the UK Intellectual Property Office and only deals with complaints under Section 69 of the Companies Act 2006. 
A Company Names Adjudicator has been appointed to deal with complaints to the Company Names Tribunal.
Fundamental concepts.
In essence any party can file a complaint to the Company Names Tribunal with regards the registration of a company name under the Companies Act whose name is the same as that associated with the complainant in which the complainant has goodwill in a business associated with the name or that the new company name is sufficiently similar to such a name and that its use in the United Kingdom would be likely to mislead by suggesting a connection between the company and the complainant.
It is not necessary for the complainant to have a company registered under the Companies Act to file a complaint, merely that they have goodwill in a company name or brand name associated with a company or trading activity.
Opportunistic registrations.
The Company Names Tribunal has made it clear that it will only deal with so-called 'opportunistic registrations' of company names.
The Company Names Tribunal has stated that opportunistic company name registrations share similar characteristics to opportunistic Internet domain name registrations ('cyber squatting'). An example of an opportunistic company name registration is when someone registers one or more variations of the name of a well-known company in order to get the latter company to buy the registration(s). Another example might be where someone knows that a merger is about to take place between two companies and so registers one or more variations of the name that the newly formed commercial entity is likely to require. The registration(s) would be opportunistic in that the registration holder’s purpose in obtaining the registration was to cash in on the other entity’s fame.
If a company name registration is not viewed as opportunistic then a complaint must file a complaint to Companies House direct, and not to the Company Names Tribunal, under Section Section 67 of the Companies Act 2006 alleging that the name is 'too like' an his existing company name registration.
Defences to a complaint.
The Companies Act 2006 lists the following defences to a complaint:
a) that the name was registered before the start of the activities on which the applicant relies to show it has goodwill/reputation; or
b) that the company is operating under the name or is planning to do so and has incurred substantial start-up costs, or was operating under the name but is now dormant; or
c) that the name was registered in the ordinary course of a company formation business and the company name is available for sale to the applicant on the standard terms of that business (an ‘off the shelf company’); or
d) that the name was adopted in good faith; or
e) that the interests of the applicant are not adversely affected to any significant extent.
First decision.
The first decision of the Company Names Tribunal was issued on 3 December 2008, when the Tribunal in an uncontested application forced the change of name of the company Coke Cola Limited following an application by The Coca Cola Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19843644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843644" title="Can't Shake It">
Can't Shake It

"Can't Shake It" is the first single released from Australian singer Kate Miller-Heidke's second album "Curiouser". The song was highly promoted throughout Australia on Radio station Nova, including its use in a Nova television commercial.
Music video.
The video features Miller-Heidke as a goddess looking into a doll house at people in each of the rooms doing daily duties such as grocery shopping, mowing the lawn, exercising and working at a job. During the course of the clip, Miller-Heidke uses her goddess powers to turn the movements of these mortals into dance moves, moving in time with the song. These include the shopping trolley, lawnmower and "big fish, little fish, box".
APRA nomination.
"Can't Shake It" was nominated for Best Song in the 2009 APRA Music Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19843649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843649" title="Guy des Cars">
Guy des Cars

Guy Augustin Marie Jean de la Pérusse des Cars was a best-selling French author of popular novels. He was born on 6 May 1911 in Paris and died on 21 December 1993 in the same city.
He started his writing career before WWII as a journalist and showed a keen interest in the circus and variety arts, which led him to work as Press Agent for the giant German Circus Gleich when it visited France in the 1930s. After WWII, he was a member of a the Association de la Presse du Music-Hall et du Cirque, a French Press organization that gathered French circus and variety critics and chroniclers and a few other prominent circus and variety enthusiasts (Yves Mourousi, Jean-Pierre Thiollet, Francis Fehr...), presided by a well known journalist in France, Jacqueline Cartier. In 1977, he created the La Dame du Cirque award (named after one of his books), which was presented to the best female act at the International Circus Festival of Monte Carlo.
Family.
From an aristocratic family, des Cars was the second son of François de la Péruse, Duke des Cars "(1875–1941)" and Marie Thérésa Edwards "(1879–1941)". One of his ancestors inspired Molière's title character in his comedy-ballet La comtesse d'Escarbagnas.
He was married 3 times:
Literary works.
Others books published with unknown dates:

</doc>
<doc id="19843689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843689" title="Dave Pearson (American football)">
Dave Pearson (American football)

Dave Pearson (born March 29, 1981) is an American football offensive lineman who played for the Detroit Lions in 2006. He played college football at the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19843694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843694" title="Tamara Novikova">
Tamara Novikova

Tamara Novikova (born June 6, 1932 at Irkutsk, USSR) is a former female cyclist from the Soviet Union.
Novikova broke the women's World Record for 1 hour on July 7, 1955 when she covered 38.473 km, breaking the mark of Italian Alfonsina Strada that had stood for 26 years.
Novikova took the silver medal in the first UCI Road World Championships - Women's Road Race at Reims, France in 1958. She finished behind Elsy Jacobs of Luxembourg.
On the 'Cycling Rankings 1958 - 2006' she was ranked 45th.

</doc>
<doc id="19843696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843696" title="David Pearson">
David Pearson

David Pearson or Dave Pearson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19843699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843699" title="Julián Carrón">
Julián Carrón

Julián Carrón (Navaconcejo, February 25, 1950) is a Spanish Catholic priest, and theologian.
Since the death of its founder Luigi Giussani in 2005, he has guided the international Catholic movement of Communion and Liberation.
On Tuesday, September 18, 2012, Father Carrón was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI to serve as one of the papally-appointed, non-episcopal Synod Fathers for the upcoming October 2012 13th Ordinary General Assembly of the Synod of Bishops on the New Evangelization.

</doc>
<doc id="19843702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843702" title="Luanda, Kenya">
Luanda, Kenya

Luanda is a market town in the Western Province of Kenya, located along the Kisumu-Busia highway. It is one of the administrative divisions in Emuhaya district initially under Vihiga District until 2007 when Emuhaya district was created. 
Geography.
Luanda is located a few kilometers from the Equator at Maseno, its geographical coordinates being 0° 0' 0" North, 34° 35' 0" East. The town has an estimated population of 14,000 people and is a significant business point in Bunyore.
Elevation is 1501m.
Transport.
It is also a transit point for road travellers connecting to various towns in Western Kenya. Major bus routes via Luanda include the Luanda-Maseno-Kisumu, Luanda-Siaya, Yala-Busia, Maseno-Kisumu, Ebwiranyi-Kombewa, Luanda-Emusire, Esiandumba-Akala-Bondo, Kima-Vihiga, Luanda-Kakamega, Mwichio-Emusire and Luanda-Yala through Es'saba, HaBuchichi and Ebuyangu. 

</doc>
<doc id="19843712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843712" title="Gintaras Januševičius">
Gintaras Januševičius

Gintaras Januševičius (Born 16 January 1985 in Moscow) is a Lithuanian pianist. He is renowned for his tender and original interpretations; particularly that of Rachmaninoff, Chopin, Liszt and Mussorgsky. His repertoire also includes many works of Lithuanian composers.
Biography.
Education.
Gintaras Januševičius was born in Moscow in a family of Lithuanian trumpeter Algirdas Januševičius and Tatar–Jewish composer Nailia Galiamova. The family left Moscow in 1987 and moved to Klaipėda, Lithuania. Gintaras began his musical training at the age of 4 at the Eduardas Balsys School of Arts in Klaipėda. In 1993 family decided to move to capital Vilnius, where his father was appointed the principal trumpeter at the Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Gintaras Rinkevičius. Januševičius then entered the National M. K. Čiurlionis School of Art.
He took his first piano lessons with Valentina Potejenko in Klaipėda. Later he was taught by Vale Kulikauskiene (1993–1998) and Jurgis Bialobžeskis (1998–2003) at the National M.K. Ciurlionis School or Arts in Vilnius. After graduating in 2003, Januševičius entered Lithuanian Academy of Music and Drama to study with Jurgis Bialobžeskis. In 2004 he moved to Hanover, Germany where his professor was late Vladimir Krainev. Jurgis Bialobžeskis remained his teacher and greatest advisor until his death in May 2008. In 2011 he joined the piano class of the famous German pianist and professor Bernd Goetzke at the Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover.
Gintaras Januševičius gets frequent advises by professors Zvi Meniker and Jan Philip Schulze. Since 2001 he also had lessons with numerous famous pianists, most notably with Lazar Berman and his wife Valentina, Naum Shtarkman, Malcolm Bilson, Ewa Kupiec, Jurgis Karnavičius, Mūza Rubackytė and others.
Notable recitals.
Gintaras Januševičius made his orchestra debut at the age of 15, performing Capriccio Brillante of Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy with the Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra under direction of Vytautas Lukočius. Same month, he entered a Great Hall of Moscow Conservatoire to perform Piano Concerto No. 23, K. 488 of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Januševičius rose to fame in May 2004, after the performance at the semi-finals of the Montreal International Musical Competition. His interpretation of Études-Tableaux Op.39 by Rachmaninoff was publicly praised by pianists Jean-Philippe Collard, Akiko Ebi, Michel Dalberto, Lee Kum-Sing, etc. Christophe Huss of "Classics Today" wrote in his article:
Gintaras Januševičius glides, like an albatross. His semi-final and final performances were rare revelations for me; they fall outside the scope of competition <...> because they are neither rankable nor quantifiable. All eyes were on Januševičius after the semi-finals, on which he had left his imprint as a kind of apparition from another place, notably with his performance of Rachmaninoff's Études-tableaux Opus 39. <...> We saw him shake up the rhythms, moving forward, straight as a pin, with the simplicity of the master and the vitality of the young man he is. Never is it used for effect, never does the left hand try to gain the upper hand.
Up to the date, Gintaras has performed with over 30 orchestras, including Montreal Symphony Orchestra, Lithuanian Chamber Orchestra, Lithuanian National Philharmonic Orchestra, Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra, Shenzhen Symphony Orchestra, Estonian National Symphony Orchestra, Symphonic Orchestra of the Balearic Islands, Yekaterinburg Symphony Orchestra, Chişinău Symphony Orchestra, etc. and visiting famous halls, like Palau de la Música Catalana, Auditorio Nacional de Música in Madrid, Sala Mozart of Zaragoza, Salle Wilfrid-Pelletier in Montreal, Estonia Theatre in Tallinn, Shenzhen Concert Hall etc. His solo recitals were organized in most towns of Lithuania, as well as Paris, Berlin, Tallinn, European Capital of Culture of 2005 Cork, Moscow, Warsaw, Chişinău, Hamamatsu and others. He participated in famous festivals, including The International Chopin Piano Festival in Duszniki-Zdrój, Besançon International Music Festival, Braunschweig Classix, Dresdner Musikfestspiele etc.
Repertoire.
Gintaras Januševičius sets priority on piano compositions of Rachmaninoff. He performed all of his Études-Tableaux, Morceaux de Fantaisie, Songs, most of the Preludes, Suites for two pianos Op. 5 and Op. 17, Trio élégiaque No. 1, Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Piano Concertos No. 1 and No. 2, Cello Sonata and other works. Other of his most performed solo works include Pictures at an Exhibition of Mussorgsky, Six Pieces for Piano, Op. 118 of Brahms, Dante Sonata of Liszt, Waldstein Sonata of Beethoven, Scherzi and Barcarolle of Chopin etc. Gintaras performed piano concertos of Mozart, Beethoven, Liszt, Tchaikovsky, Shostakovich, Ravel, Martinu etc. His repertoire also includes a big variety of sonatas for violin or clarinet and piano, piano trios and quintets of Stravinsky, Schumann and Reinecke, songs and cycles of Mozart, Schubert, Schumann, Mahler, Poulenc, Mussorgsky, Debussy etc.
Recent life.
Januševičius lives in Hanover, Germany since 2004. Since 2008 he is an artistic director of "Plathner's Eleven" concert series in Hanover. 2009-2011 he acted as an artistic director of the "Plathner's Eleven International Composers Competition". In 2013 he created music competition "Die Hannoversche Börse der Musiktalente" and serves as its executive producer. Since 2009 he taught open master classes in Japan, China, Israel, Romania, Spain and Moldova.

</doc>
<doc id="19843713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843713" title="Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate">
Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate

Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate (18 April 1622 – 11 February 1709) was a daughter of Frederick V, Elector Palatine and King of Bohemia, and Elizabeth Stuart.
Painting.
Louise Hollandine was a talented portrait painter and graphic artist, a talent that she shared with her brother Prince Rupert. She was student of Gerard van Honthorst and painted so ably in his style that some of her works were attributed to him. For unknown reasons and to the dismay of her Protestant family, in December 1657 she fled to France and converted to the Roman Catholic faith. On 25 March 1659 she became a novice and on 19 September 1660 a nun in the Cistercian Maubuisson Abbey. With the support of King Louis XIV, she became Abbess of Maubuisson in August 1664.
As a painter, the princess is considered an "amateur". The portraits she painted are often in the Baroque style of Honthorst, but there are exceptions, which were likely not commissioned. Her works were generally kept within her family, and some can now be found in German museums.
Ancestors of Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate

</doc>
<doc id="19843718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843718" title="People's Party (Serbia, 2008)">
People's Party (Serbia, 2008)

The People's Party () is a political party in Serbia. It was founded and led by the former Mayor of Novi Sad and former Serbian Radical Party member Maja Gojković. Gojković left the party in 2012 and joined the Serbian Progressive Party. The party has since been led by Nebojša Korać.
The party previously intended to take part in the next election together with the Democratic Party of Serbia and New Serbia. In 2010 the party left the populists and together with several other parties, formed the United Regions of Serbia, a broad coalition of regional parties.
The People's Party participated in the 2012 parliamentary elections as part of the United Regions of Serbia coalition, and received 2 seats in the National Assembly. The party was expelled from the URS after it separately entered negotiations with the Democratic Party. 

</doc>
<doc id="19843722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843722" title="1996 BMW Open">
1996 BMW Open

The 1996 BMW Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Munich in Germany and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 29 through May 5, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19843724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843724" title="Bangladesh–Malaysia relations">
Bangladesh–Malaysia relations

Bangladesh–Malaysia relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Bangladesh and Malaysia. Bangladesh has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has a high commission in Dhaka.
History.
Bangladesh and Malaysia share common places in many global organisations, much less share cultural connections. Both countries are the members of the Commonwealth of Nations, OIC, and the Asian Union. In 1999, the Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has visited Bangladesh while in 2000, Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina visit Malaysia. Both visits has opened up new vistas of cooperation and to ensured the continuing export of skilled manpower from Bangladesh to Malaysia.
Labour issues.
In 2007, Malaysia has banned the imports of Bangladeshi workers into the country after hundreds of them were stranded at an airport because their employers has failed to collect them promptly. This ended with a demonstration in Kuala Lumpur by Bangladeshi workers demanding payments and better conditions but later resolved by both governments. The Malaysian government also placed a similar restriction in 1999 but lifted the ban in 2007 by approving an initial intake of 300,000 workers. There is also many social issues with the workers which has causing a trouble in Malaysia with many of them involved in crime mostly on rape and some theft. Between 2009–2012, Malaysia had stopped hiring workers from Bangladesh but there are still many of the labours enter the country illegally. In 2013, there are around 320,000 Bangladeshis working on many sectors in the country.
Economic relations.
The bilateral relations between the two countries also enhance in the sector of economic. In 2012, a memorandum of understanding (MoU) has been signed by both countries for collaboration in the construction of the Padma Bridge which has been consider as the largest bridge in Bangladesh once it finished. Much more, a free trade agreement also has been proposed for both countries to boost the pharmaceutical, garment and tourism sector of Bangladesh, while Malaysia would benefit immensely from future infrastructure projects dished out by the Bangladeshi government. Malaysia also consider as the third largest investment partner in Bangladesh after India and Pakistan with the Malaysian companies invests in the sectors of telecommunications, power generation, textile and financial sectors which worth around MYR558.86 million. Since 2010, all the Bangladesh workers in Malaysia had sent home a total of MYR3 billion, which is the highest compared with other workers from Indonesia (MYR2.9 billion), Nepal (MYR1.9 billion), India (MYR625 million) and the Philippines (MYR561 million). The top 5 exports of Malaysia's products to Bangladesh are such as refined petroleum products, palm oil, chemicals products, iron and steel and electrical and electronics products while the major import of Bangladeshi's are textiles and apparel, refined petroleum products, vegetables, processed food, seafood and also electrical and electronics products.

</doc>
<doc id="19843731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843731" title="Richard Coleridge, 4th Baron Coleridge">
Richard Coleridge, 4th Baron Coleridge

Captain Richard Duke Coleridge, 4th Baron Coleridge, KBE, DL, RN (24 September 1905 – 20 May 1984) had a distinguished naval career and served as the first Executive Secretary of NATO from 1952-1970.
He was the son of Geoffrey Duke Coleridge, 3rd Baron Coleridge of Ottery St. Mary and Jessie Alethea Mackarness. He married Cecilia Rosamund Fisher, daughter of Admiral Sir William Wordsworth Fisher, on 28 August 1936. Coleridge was educated at the Royal Naval College, Osborne, Isle of Wight and at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, Devon, in England. In 1926 he was promoted to Sub-Lieutenant with Seniority, and in 1936 to Lieutenant-Commander. He served in World War II and was with the War Cabinet Office between 1940 and 1941.
He was with the Joint Staff Mission to Washington in 1941, and was Deputy Secretary to the British Joint Staff and Combined Chiefs of Staff between 1942 and 1945. Coleridge was invested OBE in 1944. He was decorated with the U.S. Legion of Merit on 27 November 1945. He was U.K. Secretary to the Military Staff Committee of the U.N. between 1946 and 1948, and was Secretary to the British Joint Services Mission to Washington, D.C. in 1948. He was Chief Staff Officer to Marshal of the Royal Air Force, Lord Tedder. He was invested as a CBE in 1951. He was promoted to Captain in the Royal Navy in 1952.
Coleridge succeeded to the title of 4th Baron Coleridge of Ottery St. Mary on 27 March 1955. He was invested as a KBE in 1971. He was the first Executive Secretary of NATO from 1952-1970. He was Chairman of the Devon and Exeter Savings Bank between 1971 and 1975. He held the office of Deputy Lieutenant of Devon in 1973. He was chairman of the TSB between 1975 and 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19843743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843743" title="Malaysia–Saudi Arabia relations">
Malaysia–Saudi Arabia relations

Malaysia–Saudi Arabia relations refers to the current and historical relationship between Malaysia and Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Riyadh. Relations, both diplomatic and economic, are quite close between the two Muslim-majority Organisation of Islamic Cooperation members. Additionally, there is a sizable population of Malaysian migrant workers in Saudi Arabia.
The two states signed a security pact in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19843783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843783" title="The Strange Countess">
The Strange Countess

The Strange Countess () is a 1961 German crime film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Joachim Fuchsberger based on Edgar Wallace's 1925 book of the same title.

</doc>
<doc id="19843793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843793" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Yemen">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Yemen

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to the Republic of Yemen is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Yemen, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Sana'a.

</doc>
<doc id="19843808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843808" title="Tim Gaze">
Tim Gaze

Tim Gaze (born 8 August 1953) is an Australian rock and blues guitarist, songwriter, singer and producer. He was a member of several prominent Australian groups of the 1960s and 1970s including Tamam Shud, Kahvas Jute, Ariel and Rose Tattoo.
Biography.
Gaze joined his first major band, Tamam Shud, in late 1969, replacing founding member Zac Zytnic at the age of fifteen. He played with Shud for about six months but quit suddenly around June 1970, just after the recording of their second LP "Goolutionites and The Real People" (which was released in October 1970).
Gaze then joined a new band, Kahvas Jute and contributed his first compositions to their only album, "Wide Open" (released in January 1971). Soon after its release Gaze rejoined Tamam Shud, remaining with them until the band broke up in August 1972. During this period Gaze and the other members of Tamam Shud played on the sessions for the soundtrack of the landmark Australian surfing film "Morning Of The Earth", which became the first Australian film soundtrack to earn a gold record award.

</doc>
<doc id="19843809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843809" title="Reflex (disambiguation)">
Reflex (disambiguation)

A Reflex is an involuntary movement in response to a stimulus.
To Reflex means to bend or curve backwards or downwards.
Reflex may also refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19843815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843815" title="Ola Ahlvarsson">
Ola Ahlvarsson

Ola Ahlvarsson (born March 24, 1970) is a Swedish entrepreneur based out of Stockholm. He is one of the founders of Result and is currently the chairman of its board. 
Ahlvarsson has a background as an entrepreneur working as an Internet strategist, business accelerator and a managerial advisor for Fortune 500 and small medium sized companies to help them grow faster. Ahlvarsson has authored the book 'Ola "Mission Possible" Ahlvarsson' which was published in Swedish by Midas in 2005. An English version of the same book was released in 2008. Ahlvarsson is a frequent speaker at various international leading industry events such as the World Economic Forum, DLD, Le Web. He holds an MBA from the University of Stockholm and, is the course director and the executive MBA Program Faculty member at Stockholm School of Economics in Riga. Ahlvarsson also holds the World champion title in kickboxing (Wakko).
Entrepreneurial Activities.
Ola was part of several Swedish start up companies after leaving school, Swedish Body Armour Group, Soups & Subs, Music Zone and Internet Media Web Store as well as investing in a small real estate operation in Bollnäs, Sweden.
In 1997, Ahlvarsson pioneered the European Internet scene as a co-founder of Boxman, at the time the largest European e-commerce store selling CDs online. Boxman was founded by two teams of entrepreneurs, one with roots in Musiczone.se, with Fredrik Sidfalk, Ola Ahlvarsson and Gustaf Burström and, the other with roots in Videobutiken led by Krister Hanner, Kent Granat, Bill Odqvist and Håkan Damberg. The company was founded by among others, former SAS CEO Jan Carlzon and Kjell Spångberg. Ahlvarsson was Vice President International and helped internationalize operations for the company, setting up local offices in various European markets.
During his stint with Boxman, while trying to internationalize its operations, Ahlvarsson conceived the idea of creating a company that could help companies parachute success from one market to the other, similar to the way music labels worked with the artists in the record industry.
Result.
In June 1999, Result was founded in Stockholm, Sweden. Result is an international network of business coaches founded in Stockholm, that helps companies execute success across various markets using new business methods / technology. To date, Result has been involved in approximately 130 launches across Europe, the US and Asia. He was the CEO of Result from June 1999 to November 2008. Ahlvarsson is currently the chairman of Result.
In 2005, Ahlvarsson assisted in the launch of FON, today the world's largest WiFi Community, expanding FON into Scandinavia and Russia. Ahlvarsson and his partners at Result have been responsible for the growth of professional online network XING (formerly called openBC) in Scandinavia, Benelux, France and Spain. Ahlvarsson has worked with several other leading companies such as Blocket, Rebtel, Movilisto, Polarrose, Google, helping them grow in various capacities. 
Ahlvarsson is also on the board of Emmy award winning Company P, leading Swedish fitness retailer Budo Fitness stores, luxury magazine Connoisseur and the chairman and main shareholder of Nöjesguiden, Sweden's largest entertainment magazine. 
Ola Ahlvarsson and 3 Result partners have acquired 100% of the shares in Spray (former Lycos) one of Europe's pioneer brand on the web with a portal business that includes Spraydate, a leading Swedish dating site in the fun and flirt segment and Spraymail, Sweden's largest independent mail service. The same constellation also acquired Passagen, Sweden's largest blog portal and discussion forum. The sellers where media house Allers and directories company Eniro
Ahlvarsson has portfolios, apart from Spray and Passagen, in FON, Ulvhälls Herrgård, Wemind, Antipode Wines, Result, SIME, Nöjesguiden, Keynote Media and Sellbranch. Ahlvarsson was the chairman and main shareholder of Torget, Sweden's oldest e-commerce portal with over 400 Swedish e-commerce partners until it was sold to European Directories in 2005. Ahlvarsson also served as the chairman and main shareholder in Letsbuyit.com that was sold to Europe Vision in 2006.
Stage presence.
Ahlvarsson is a frequent speaker in conferences and industry events, some of which include Le Web Paris, Tech Talk Menorca, DLD, PICNIC Amsterdam, World Knowledge Forum in Seoul, the "Global Internet Summit" and the "European Online Publishing Conference". He is also the chairman and moderator of Northern Europe's largest Internet Media Event SIME, a conference on digital opportunities centered in Scandinavia.
Awards and honors.
Ahlvarsson has been in the epicenter of the entrepreneurial boom that has grown in Scandinavia and in Europe which has led to nominations such as "Top Ten Leading European Internet Entrepreneurs 1999" by the Wall Street Journal. Similar honors have been rendered by Business Week (January 2000) and Financial Times (May 2000). Ahlvarsson has twice been invited to the World Economic Forum in Davos, where he has been elected "Global Leader for Tomorrow" together with thought leading businessmen, political-, religious- and artistic leaders.
In 2004 Ahlvarsson became an E-Strategies Course Director and Executive MBA Program lecturer at the Stockholm School of Economics in Riga. Ahlvarsson is focusing on what he describes as “Internet Management” and teaching executive MBA students how to compete using online opportunities. Although a resident of Stockholm, Ahlvarsson spends most of his time living in airplanes and hotels around the world.
Martial Arts.
Ahlvarsson has been an ardent student of martial arts. He has a black belt in Karate, world champion gold medal in Goju Ryu 1991 in Nha Okinawa. He was the Goju Ryu European champion in 1994, England, Swedish Champion in kung Fu 1996, Swedish kick boxing champion 1996 and World champion in kickboxing (wakko) in 1997 in Dubrovnik. Ahlvarsson still spends time training various martial art activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19843837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843837" title="Cipu language">
Cipu language

Cipu ("Cicipu"), or Western Acipa, is a Benue–Congo language spoken by about 20,000 people in northwest Nigeria. The people call themselves "Acipu".
Like most Benue–Congo languages, Cipu has a complex noun class system. It has a fairly complex phonology with lexical and grammatical tone, vowel harmony, and nasalisation.
Cipu speakers virtually all speak the lingua franca Hausa. Many also speak other nearby languages.
Classification.
Cipu is part of the Kambari cluster of the West Kainji family of the Niger–Congo languages.
The most recent published classification has Cipu as part of the Kamuku group of West Kainji along with Eastern Acipa. However more detailed studies have shown this to be unlikely.
Alternative names.
The Ethnologue currently lists Cipu as 'Western Acipa'. However the name 'Western Acipa' is no longer used outside the Ethnologue, and a request has been made to change the entry. In Hausa the language is referred to as "Acipanci" and the people as "Acipawa".
Geographic distribution.
Cicipu is spoken in Nigeria by approximately 20,000 people, split between Sakaba Local Government Area, Kebbi State, and Kontagora Local Government Area, Niger State.
Dialects/Varieties.
The Acipu themselves recognise seven distinct varieties of Cicipu. The dialect names are as follows (with the corresponding Hausa names in brackets):
Phonology.
The most common syllable type in Cicipu is CV, although there are fairly strong arguments for N and CVN. A small number of noun and verb roots begin with a V syllable. Lexical tone contrasts are found in nouns e.g. "káayá" ‘house’ and "káayà" ‘bean’, but not in verbs (although grammatical tone is important for verbs).
Vowels.
Cicipu has an asymmetric six-vowel system. All vowels can be long or short, and all have nasalised counterparts. There are four diphthongs: /ei/, /eu/, /ai/ and /au/.
Consonants.
Consonant length is contrastive in Cicipu, e.g. "yuwo" 'fall' vs. "yuwwo" 'turn around'. Any consonant may be lengthened.
Vocabulary.
A large number of Cicipu words are borrowings from the lingua franca Hausa. The pronunciation of many of these loanwords has changed to fit in with Cicipu phonology, in particular with respect to vowel harmony.
Writing system.
Cicipu is not currently written, although a preliminary orthography proposal has been made, and a small number of trial books has been circulated.

</doc>
<doc id="19843859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843859" title="Pierre François Étienne Bouvet de Maisonneuve">
Pierre François Étienne Bouvet de Maisonneuve

Pierre-François-Henri-Étienne Bouvet de Maisonneuve (Saint-Benoît, Réunion, 28 December 1775 – Saint-Servan, 18 June 1860) was a French Navy officer and privateer.
Born to a Navy captain, Bouvet started sailing at the age of 11, He served under his father on various ships between France and the Indies. He was taken prisoner by the British during their occupation of Toulon.
Released, Bouvet served on the frigate " Amazone" in Linois's squadron, which raided commerce in the Indies. After " Amazone" was wrecked at Cape of Good Hope, he attempted to return to Mauritius and inform the governor, but was captured en route by a British frigate.
Released on parole, Bouvet designed the "Entreprenant", a felucca of Indian pattern. After he was exchanged, he cruised off the Malabar Coast undetected amongst indigenous shipping. Appointed to a 16-gun brig also named "Entreprenant", Bouvet sailed to Manille and rescued the crew of "Mouche n° 6" from detention.
Embarked in Duperré's squadron, Bouvet was given command of the prize "Minerve", on which he took part in a battle against three largs East Indiamen, of which the squadron captured two. Returned to Mauritius, the squadron met four British frigates, which it defeated in the Battle of Grand Port. Duperré having been wounded, Bouvet commanded the French forces for the second half of the battle.
Returned to France after the fall of Mauritius, Bouvet was given command of a two-frigate squadron, with his flag on "Aréthuse". His other frigate was wrecked in a storm, and soon after, "Aréthuse" battled HMS "Amelia" in a bloody action that resulted in a stale-mate. Bouvet never fought again, and devoted his late life to politics and writing.
Career.
Early life.
Born to Pierre-Servais-René Bouvet, Pierre Bouvet enlisted in the French Navy as a volunteer at the age of 11, on 13 December 1786, and enlisted on the fluye "Nécessaire", commanded by his father and bound for the Indies. He returned to France in May 1789. On 18 March 1791, he enlisted as a helmsman on the brig "Goéland", returning in June. He then transferred on the 74-gun "Tourville" for a patrol the same month. in June
In 1792, he became a Midshipman, and served on the brand-new frigate "Aréthuse" in Toulon, under his father who had recently been promoted to Captain. On "Aréthuse", Bouvet took part in Truguet's raid on Sardinia from February to March 1793, before transferring on the 80-gun "Languedoc" on 3 April 1793.
On 1 July 1793, Bouvet was promoted to Ensign, and served on the 120-gun "Commerce de Marseille". On 25 August, Royalist parties surrendered the harbour and arsenal of Toulon to the British and Spanish, along with all the ships anchored there. Bouvet was taken prisoner with his father, and expelled to Brest in September the "Patriote", whose armament had been removed; "Patriote" reached Brest on 16 October. There, he was arrested on the spot by agents of the French Convention, transferred to Paris, and detained until 3 March 1795.
Service in the English Channel.
In June 1795, Bouvet was appointed to the frigate "Rassurante", on which he roamed the English Channel until September. In November, he transferred on the corvette "Foudroyante" in Brest, on which he served until December. Then, he embarked on the frigate "Bravoure", patrolling the English Channel until July 1796.
At the Thermidorian Reaction, the Convention reestablished the practice of Letters of marque and privateer commerce raiding. Bouvet obtained a release from Navy duty to enlist on a privateer, the "Triton". She departed on 10 November 1797 and preyed on British merchantmen until 17 February 1798, when she was captured by the frigate HMS "Melpomene". Bouvet was taken prisoner.
Released on 20 November 1798, Bouvet served in Brest harbour, before taking command of the 14-gun privater "Furet" on 16 December 1799. On the 26th at 10:15, "Furet" was intercepted by HMS "Viper" under Lieutenant John Pengelly, After a running chase of over two hours, "Viper" caught on "Furet" and delivered two broadsides that compelled her to strike her colours. "Furet" had four killed and six wounded, including Bouvet, who suffered an injury to the tight and was again taken prisoner.
Released from captivity on 9 February 1800, Bouvet was appointed to the inspection of signals on the coasts near Brest; he held this position until 14 March 1801, when he was appointed to the frigate "Consolante". He left "Consolante" in November 1801, and was appointed to "Romaine" in February 1802. In March, he transferred on the 74-gun "Redoutable".
On 1 March, "Redoutable" departed for Guadeloupe, attached to a division under Rear-Admiral Bouvet de Précourt. During the journey, on 24 April, Bouvet was promoted to Lieutenant. He left "Redoutable" on 20 August 1802.
Service on "Amazone" in Linois's squadron.
On 17 February 1803, Bouvet was appointed to the frigate "Atalante", under Captain Gaudin-Beauchêne, in the division of Rear-Admiral Linois sent to recover the French colonies of the Indies according to the terms of the Treaty of Amiens, under the overall command of General Decaen. The division, comprising four frigates and two fluyts, departed Brest on 6 March 1803, and arrived at Mauritius on 21 August. Upon arrival, it was informed of the outbreak of the War of the Third Coalition.
In the course of October, the division sailed to Batavia and "Atalante" detached to ferry the new commercial attaché, Jean-Baptiste Cavaignac, to Muscat, in Oman; she rejoined the division after the Battle of Pulo Aura. After a port call in Batavia. "Belle-Poule" and "Atalante" detached and conducted independent commerce raiding cruises, while Linois returned to Mauritius; They notably captured the East Indiamen "Athia", "Princess Royal" and "Heroism".
Returned to Mauritius, Bouvet married his cousin Henriette Périer d'Hauterive on 1 June 1804, before departing on the 20th. With Linois' division, he cruised in the Gulf of Bengal, took part in the Battle of Vizagapatam on 15 September 1804, and returned to Mauritius in October with several prizes. Bouvet took part in another commerce raiding expedition between December 1804 and April 1805.
Governor Decaen having sent Linois back to France, the division departed in May 1805; while attempting to rejoining it, on 3 November 1805, "Atalante" was washed ashore by a gust of wind and wrecked near the Cape of Good Hope. Captain Gaudin-Beauchêne sent Bouvet to Mauritius with despatches for governor Decaen, and he embarked on the American brig "Charles", but was taken prisoner by a British cruiser, HMS "Pitt", and taken to Mumbay. Bouvent was released on parole on 15 September 1806, and sailed to La Réunion to visit his family.
Service on "Entreprenant" and the rescue of "Mouche n° 6".
At Mauritius, Bouvet requested the construction of a patamar or "brig gourable", to which Decaen agreed. Formally exchanged in spring 1807, he named the ship "Entreprenant" on 30 November 1807, and on 7 December, he departed with a 40-man crew to cruise off the Western coast of India. With her unassuming indigenous appearance, "Entreprenant" sailed undetected amongst Indian patamars off the Malabar Coast; on 8 February, she captured the British mercantile brig "Marguerite" after a 3-hour battle. Bouvet then abandoned "Entreprenant" and returned to Mauritius on his prize.
After this reconnaissance, Bouvet armed another "Entreprenant", a 16-gun brig built at Mauritius. Bouvet departed for Ormuz on the new "Entreprenant" on 4 October 1808 to ferry despatches for General Gardane, ambassador in Theran. He then cruised off Malabar coast, where he captured nineteen prizes. On 30 November 1808, he battled the East indiamen "Benares" and the schooer "Wasp", and made a number of other prizes. During a port call at the Maldives in February 1809, Bouvet had to repress a mutiny; he returned to Mauritius, on 16 March 1809, where the mutineers were shot.
On 24 May 1809, Decaen promoted him to acting Commander He was then tasked with a mission to Manila to investigate the fate of "Mouche n° 6", under Lieutenant Ducrest de Villeneuve, disappeared there a few months before. On 28 August, "Entreprenant" reached Manila and learned that Borneo had sided for the Allies and interned the crew of "Mouche n° 6". Furthermore, the 14-gun HMS "Antelope" was anchored at Cavite. Anchoring his ship off shore under a flag of truce, Bouvet sent a delegation to demand the release of the crew of "Mouche n° 6", with orders to return to "Entreprenant" as soon as the message was delivered. However, the delegation had still not returned the next morning.
In order to obtain a clear "casus belli", Bouvet anchored his ship at the entrance of Manila Bay, but stayed ready to set sail. Soon, "Antelope" and shore batteries opened up on "Entreprenant", which promptly retreated. Bouvet sailed to Corregidor Island and endeavored to blockade all shipping bound for Manila. After collecting enough prisoners in this way, on 3 September, he released them on parole under promise not to navigate at sea before "Mouche n° 6" would be released. Bouvet had them convey his ultimatum that if his conditions were not met the next day, he would attack the coasts of the island. The French crew detained in Manila was promptly released and returned to "Entreprenant".
On her return journey, "Entreprenant" was chased by HMS "Modeste", which she evaded, and anchored at Con Dao to repair her rigging. On 20 October, sailing through Malacca Strait, "Entreprenant" encountered a British convoy and detected an isolated sail, which she intercepted by 23:00. The ship was the 18-gun "Ovidor", of the Dutch East India Company. She surrendered after the first broadside and was brought to Isle de France with a valuable cargo of Chinese goods, and 200,000 Piastres. "Ovidor", a 550-tonne ship built in Portugal, was brought into French service as the fluyt "Loire".
Service on "Minerve", Duperré's squadron, and the Battle of Grand Port.
Bouvert relinquished command of "Entreprenant" in late January 1810, was formally promoted to Commander on 1 February, and appointed to the frigate "Minerve", after her capture on 22 November. On "Minerve, he took part in the Action of 3 July 1810, where he single-handedly engaged the East Indiamen "Ceylon", "Windham" and "Astell" for one hour before the rest of Duperré's squadron rejoined him. The squadron then returned to Mauritius where it encountered four British frigates, leading to the Battle of Grand Port, from 20 to 27 August 1810.
At the Battle of Grand Port, Bouvet replaced Duperré as chief of the French squadron on "Bellone" when he was wounded and carried below deck. After the battle, on 3 September, Bouvet was promoted to acting Captain and appointed to the frigate "Iphigénie", formerly HMS "Iphigenia", one of the prizes surrendered during Battle of Grand Port.
Service on "Iphigénie" and the Fall of Mauritius.
Since the Invasion of Île Bonaparte and consequent fall of La Réunion in early 9 July 1810, the British had planned the complete their conquest of the French possessions in the Indian Ocean by also invading Mauritius. In September, "Iphigénie" scrambled from Port-Nord-Ouest, along with Lemarant's "Astrée", to intercept a British troop convoy. While in transit, they met HMS "Africaine" off Saint Denis; in the subsequent Action of 13 September 1810, "Astrée" and "Iphigénie" subdued "Africaine", but had to abandon her when the rest of Rowley's frigate division arrived on the scene. "Astrée" and "Iphigénie" sailed to Mauritius and resupply and repair, captured the East Indiaman brig "Aurora" en route, and arrived at Port-Nord-Ouest on 22 September.
The Invasion of Isle de France eventually occurred on 29 November 1810, and Decaen surrendered to the British on 2 December. Under the terms of the capitulation, the French garrison was repatriated and on 11 April 1811, Bouvet embarked on the cartel "Adèle", bound for France where he arrived on 14 August, landing in Morlaix.
Service on "Aréthuse" and battle with HMS "Amelia".
On 20 December 1810, Bouvet was formally promoted to Captain, and was made a Knight in the Legion of Honour. He planned an expedition to Batavia to carry out another campaign in the Indian Ocean, but his plans were rendered moot by the British Invasion of Java. After one year, on 6 December 1811, he was appointed to command the frigate "Clorinde", on which he embarked on 5 January 1812. He relinquished this command on 7 October to transfer to the frigate "Aréthuse" and lead a frigate squadron also comprising "Rubis", under Commander Louis-François Ollivier.
On 25 November 1812, Bouvet's division departed from Nantes, sailed to Cape Verde and Guinea, and anchored at Îles de Los; on its way, on 27 January, it destroyed HMS "Daring" and released her crew on parole. In the night of 4 February, a violent storm struck the island; "Rubis" broke her cables and was throwned aground on the shore of Tamara; deeming her impossible to refloat and recover, her crew scuttled her by fire the next day. "Clorinde" suffered less, but still lost her rudder and required repairs.
On 7 February 1813, the frigate HMS "Amelia", warned by the crew of "Daring", arrived on the scene. A furious four-hour engagement ensued before the frigates parted, both with heavy casualties. Without delay, "Amelia" returned to England and "Aréthuse" to France, carrying the crew of "Rubis". She arrived in Saint-Malo on 19 April 1813, having captured ten prizes during her campaign.
At Bouvet's return, Navy Minister Decrès criticised him for the loss of "Rubis" and near-loss of "Aréthuse" in the storm of February, while praising his conduct in the Action of 7 February 1813 against "Amelia" and requesting that a painting be commissioned to commemorate the event. Probably because of these mixed reviews, Bouvet was awarded the rank of Officer in the Legion of Honour, on 2 July, but was neither promoted to Rear-Admiral, nor made a Baron of the Empire, as had been requested in his favour.
Later life.
On 1 October 1813, Bouvet was relieved from duty due to ill health and replaced by Captain Le Bozec, and transferred the harbour service in Brest. It was not until after the Bourbon Restoration, on 21 June 1814, that he sailed again, at the command of the frigate "Flore", and was sent for a mission in Antwerp to escort eleven transport ships to Brest, and to Senegal to ferry ammunitions. The new regime awarded him the rank of Knight in the Order of Saint Louis on 5 July 1814.
Bouvet relinquished command of "Flore" on 25 August 1815 and was given a leave of absence until 31 December, after which he was given no duty On 1 November 1817, he was finally ordered to Brest for harbour service, but started requesting his retirement to care for his ailing wife, who was almost blind. Promoted to Captain 1st class on 16 February 1820 and to Commander in the Legion of Honour on 5 July, he published his "Observations sur la Marine" in 1821; the year after, he finally obtained permission to retire from the Navy, and was granted the honorific rank of Rear-Admiral, effective on 30 October 1822.
On 30 July 1830, Bouvet's wife died, at the age of 45. After the July Revolution in 1830, Bouvet turned to politics and was elected on 28 October as Deputy for Ille-et-Vilaine at the Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy. On 26 April 1831, he was promoted to the dignity of "Grand Officier" in the Legion of Honour. Bouvet did not seek reelection and reliquished his office after the general elections of 5 July 1831. However, he continued to serve as conseiller général for Ille-et-Vilaine.
In 1833, Bouvet sieged as a member ot the Council for Colonies for La Réunion, and in June, he married Marie-Thérèse Le Muey in Granville. He wrote a bitter account of his campaign, "Précis des campagnes du capitaine de vaisseau Pierre Bouvet", which he published in 1840.
In 1852, Napoléon III reinstated Bouvet as titulary Rear-Admiral in the reserve corps; he also offered him a senatorship in 1858, but Bouvet declined over his age.

</doc>
<doc id="19843875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843875" title="The Puzzle of the Red Orchid">
The Puzzle of the Red Orchid

The Puzzle of the Red Orchid ( and also known as "The Secret of the Red Orchid") is a 1962 German crime film directed by Helmut Ashley and starring Christopher Lee.

</doc>
<doc id="19843883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843883" title="Joe Robinson (footballer)">
Joe Robinson (footballer)

Joseph "Joe" Robinson (4 March 1919 – 12 July 1991) was an English football goalkeeper. He played for Blackpool in their appearance in the 1948 FA Cup Final against Manchester United.
Playing career.
Hartlepools United.
Born in Morpeth, Northumberland, Robinson began his career at Third Division North side Hartlepools United.
Blackpool.
Robinson joined First Division side Blackpool in 1947. After He made his Football League debut for them on 17 January 1948, in a 1–1 draw with Wolverhampton Wanderers at Molineux Stadium, replacing Jock Wallace for the second half of the 1947–48 season.
He kept four successive clean sheets in the club's FA Cup run that season, which took them to the final at Wembley, where they lost 2–4 to Manchester United. Robinson's appearance in the final came after only seventeen games for Blackpool.
Robinson played in the first eight League games of the 1948–49 campaign before being sold to Hull City. He had made a total of 25 League appearances for Blackpool, and was succeeded in "the Seasiders"' goal by George Farm.
Hull City.
Robinson moved across the Pennines to join Hull City in 1948, helping them to win the Third Division North title, and with it promotion to the Second Division in the 1948–49 season.
In five years with "the Tigers", he made seventy League appearances.
Managerial career.
Robinson had a brief career as a player-manager. He was in charge of non-League side Wisbech Town between 1953 and 1956.
Post-retirement.
Death.
Robinson died on 12 July 1991, at the age of 72.
Theft.
In January 2010, Robinson's FA Cup runners-up medal was stolen in a burglary from his son, Keith's house in Lower Withington, Cheshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19843890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843890" title="Maarten Biesheuvel">
Maarten Biesheuvel

Maarten Biesheuvel (born 23 May 1939 in Schiedam) is a Dutch writer. He made his literary debut in 1972 with the short story collection "In de bovenkooi". He received the "Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs" in 1984 for "Reis door mijn kamer". In 2007 he received the P. C. Hooft Award.
From 1990 Biesheuvel's literary production slowed down significantly due to a writer's block.

</doc>
<doc id="19843894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843894" title="Walter McMillian">
Walter McMillian

Walter McMillian is an African-American who was exonerated from Alabama's death row in 1993 after it became clear that his conviction for capital murder and resulting death sentence was wrong; McMillian was cleared of all charges.
Death sentence.
McMillian was sentenced to death in 1988 for the murder of a store clerk in the course of a robbery. The presiding judge changed the life sentence to death.
Exoneration.
McMillian was exonerated of all charges, and the sentence of death was reversed in 1993. Witnesses who had testified against McMillian admitted that they had committed perjury. Additionally, it was revealed that the prosecution had hidden vital evidence including "the existence of a witness who had seen the victim alive after the time at which the prosecution contended the crime had occurred." 

</doc>
<doc id="19843905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843905" title="Hyphodontia sambuci">
Hyphodontia sambuci

Hyphodontia sambuci or Elder Whitewash is a basidiomycete fungal pathogen on deadwood, especially elder. 
It is resupinate, forming a very thin structure which is white, pruinose (flour-like dusting) or chalky in appearance. It is inedible. It also grows on dead but still hanging branches of "Fraxinus", Berberis, "Nothofagus", "Ulmus", "Populus", "Hedera", "Ribes", "Symphoricarpus" and rarely on conifers such as "Cryptomeria". 
Ecology.
As stated, "H. sambuci" occurs in North Europe mostly on "Sambucus nigra", but there is a much bigger spectrum of substrates in warmer regions in southern areas. The variability of micromorphology increases in the tropics, but the macromorphological characteristics however always stay the same: the basidiocarp with chalky white color and often growing as aerophyte on dead branches of trees and bushes, that are still attached to the tree. "H. sambuci" consists of a complex of species. Similar species with capitate cystidia ; thin-walled hyphae and exactly the same chalky white fruit body are "H. griselinae" and "H. fimbriata". The can be differentiated by their spores and morphology of their basidiocarp.

</doc>
<doc id="19843919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843919" title="Saadallah Agha al-Qalaa">
Saadallah Agha al-Qalaa

Dr. Saadallah Agha al-Qalaa () (b. Damascus, 1950) is the former minister of tourism in Syria. He has a Ph.D. in civil engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="19843935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843935" title="Duncan McDonald (footballer)">
Duncan McDonald (footballer)

Duncan McDonald was a Scottish footballer, who played as a right-sided full back
Born in Bo'ness, McDonald started his career with Townside before joining Woolwich Arsenal in April 1909, but had to wait until 30 October 1909 to make his debut, against Manchester United. After that, he was a near ever-present in the 1909-10 season, with Archie Gray out of form and Joe Shaw moving to left back to cover, leaving a vacancy at right-back. However in 1910-11 Gray forced his way back in and McDonald only played one league game all season.
McDonald played 27 times for Arsenal in total, before leaving in the summer of 1911 for West Hartlepool.

</doc>
<doc id="19843945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843945" title="1997 BMW Open">
1997 BMW Open

The 1997 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from April 28 to May 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19843946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843946" title="Thunder City">
Thunder City

Thunder City is an aircraft operating and maintenance company based at the Cape Town International Airport in Cape Town, South Africa. It was well known for owning the largest civilian collection of former military jet aircraft in the world. These aircraft were used to perform in airshows and could also be chartered by the general public for recreational flights, including going supersonic and climbing to altitudes around 50,000 feet. Following a fatal accident in 2009 in which an English Electric Lightning crashed at an airshow, the company ceased flying operations after the accident investigation found major shortcomings in its maintenance programme.
The company's other activities include upgrading older models of the Aerospatiale Puma helicopter with modern avionics and renovating airframes and engines.
Company structure.
Thunder City Holdings (Pty) Ltd. is the parent company of several subsidiaries:
Fleet.
Some of the aircraft are the most recently airworthy examples of the type.
In October 2012, three Lightnings, 3 Buccaneers and four Hawker Hunters were put up for sale.
AAD 2008 controversy.
During a display flight at the 2008 African Aerospace and Defence show in Cape Town a pair of Thunder City Lightnings flew close to the city at supersonic speed. Only the higher one of the pair was planned to fly supersonic as it was considered to be high enough so as not to cause alarm, however the lower aircraft also broke the sound barrier. The resulting sonic boom brought many complaints from the public.
2009 Lightning crash.
An English Electric Lightning T5, ZU-BEX, (RAF No. XS451) crashed while carrying out a display at the biennial South African Air Force Overberg Airshow held at AFB Overberg near Bredasdorp on 14 November 2009. The aircraft suffered hydraulic failure after a fire started in the rear of the fuselage. The pilot was killed because his ejection seat failed. 
The accident investigation found major shortcomings in the maintenance programme of the aircraft, consequently the South African Civil Aviation Authority suspended the company's operating certificate in March 2010. On 9 September 2010, it was reported that the Thunder City fleet would no longer take paying passengers.
On 22 August 2011 3 Lightnings, 3 Buccaneers and 4 Hunters were listed as 'for sale by private treaty' with Go Industry. The closing date for bids is 27 April 2012. The first time Thunder City participated in an airshow since the 2009 crash was on 21 April 2012 at the AFB Overberg airshow.
A set of Lightning tyres were sold by Thunder City to the Bloodhound SSC Project in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19843949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843949" title="A514">
A514

A514 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19843961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843961" title="Der rote Rausch">
Der rote Rausch

Der rote Rausch is a 1962 German thriller film directed by Wolfgang Schleif and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19843965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843965" title="Ali Saad">
Ali Saad

Dr. Ali Saad () (b. Damascus, 1953) is a former Minister of Education in Syria, an Elected Member of the Central Committee, and a member of the Baath Party. He holds a Ph.D. degree in psychology from the University of Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="19843985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843985" title="Viasat Motor">
Viasat Motor

Viasat Motor is a Scandinavian Motorsport channel that launched on 17 October 2008.
Events broadcast on the channel include Formula One, NASCAR, GP2, WRC, European Rallycross Championship, Formula 1 boat, Offshore Class 1, 24 hours of Nürburgring and MotoGP.

</doc>
<doc id="19843990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19843990" title="Andy Hummel">
Andy Hummel

John Andrew "Andy" Hummel (January 26, 1951 – July 19, 2010) was an American songwriter, bassist, singer, best known as the bass player of Big Star. He was born Jan. 26, 1951, in Valley Forge, Pa., to John Vernon and Barbara Walker Hummel, who was crowned Miss America in 1947. He was raised in Memphis Tennessee, and graduated high school in 1969 from Memphis University School. He became good friends with Chris Bell during high school. Later he and Chris Bell formed a band which later became Big Star. Hummel recorded with Big Star on two of their three albums, #1 Record and Radio City. Contributing as bass player, and a writer of "The India Song" on #1 Record, writer of "Way Out West" as well as co-writer of "Life Is White", "What's Going Ahn", "Back Of A Car", and "Daisy Glaze" on Big Star's Radio City album. After the release of Radio City it was time for Hummel to register for his senior year of college he faced the choice of staying with the band and drop out or leave the band and finish college, he chose college. And went on to earn a B.A. in English Literature from Rhodes College in Memphis in 1974, planning on a career in teaching. Hummel again returned to school and earned an associate degree in Mechanical Engineering Technology from State Technical Institute at Memphis in 1978. And in 1999 earned a MBA in Finance from the University of Dallas. Hummel later moved to Fort Worth, Texas, in 1978. Andy was a 30-year employee of Lockheed Martin.He and Patti Martin were married Nov. 3, 1979. They have three children a daughter Cady, and two sons Drew, and Walker. Hummel died of cancer July 19, 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="19844027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844027" title="Ashton-in-Makerfield railway station">
Ashton-in-Makerfield railway station

Ashton-in-Makerfield railway station was a railway station serving that town. However, it was located in neighbouring Haydock, formerly in the English county of Lancashire (now Merseyside). It was on the Liverpool, St Helens and South Lancashire Railway from Lowton St Marys to the original St Helens Central railway station.
History.
Opened by the Liverpool, St Helens and South Lancashire Railway, as part of the Great Central Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed to passengers by the British Railways Board in 1952 although it remained open for Haydock Park race traffic until about 1975.
The site today.
The station site has now been landscaped as part of a business park.

</doc>
<doc id="19844033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844033" title="Orange County Review">
Orange County Review

The Orange County Review is a weekly newspaper based in Orange, Virginia owned by Berkshire Hathaway. The newspaper focuses on local community news. Public notices from the county commissioners also appear in the newspaper.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19844044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844044" title="Denis Hall">
Denis Hall

Denis R Hall is a professor of photonics at Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh. In 2004 he was awarded the Association of Laser Users award for his contributions to the development of industrial lasers and their applications.
Education.
Hall graduated in Physics at the University of Manchester in 1965, an attained his MPhil in 1967 at London University for research in cell biology. He received a PhD in Electrical Engineering in 1971 from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, USA. He received an MBA degree at the Edinburgh Business School in 1996.
Academic work.
In 1971, Hall was awarded a National Academy of Sciences Fellowship at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center where he worked on for space-based optical communication systems. He then moved to Avco Everett Research Laboratory in Boston, where he worked on electron beam laser technology and high pulse energy modelocked lasers, laser radar and atmospheric optical propagation. 
Hall moved to the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment in 1976 working on lasers and infrared systems, before transferring to Hull University in 1979. At Hull he led the UK national project to design and construct the Satellite Laser Ranging Facility at Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux. At the same time Hall developed techniques for laser excitation using transverse radiofrequency discharges to produce a range of compact sealed lasers for medical, industrial and laser radar applications.
Since 1987, Hall has been Professor of Photonics at Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, where his research interests have continued in laser device physics and applications. He has been concerned with the design of ultracompact high power waveguide lasers, exploiting concurrent research in RF discharge physics and planar optical waveguides to develop new laser concepts based on 2-D laser power scaling and novel laser resonators. Planar waveguide lasers are now successful products manufactured by major international companies for applications in industry and medicine. More recently, the planar waveguide ‘thin laser' concept has been extended to other gas lasers and to solid state lasers pumped by diode bars. This work, part of a general industrial orientation involving partnership in many industry/university collaborative research projects, has resulted in a series of new commercial laser devices and industrial laser-based systems. He has been involved in the creation of three successful start-up companies producing lasers and laser systems.
Awards.
Hall is the recipient of the 2004 AILU award for his contribution to the development of industrial lasers and their applications, especially work on the technology of the RF-excited diffusion-cooled laser.
He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, the IEEE, the UK Institute of Physics, the IEE, and the Optical Society of America. He was Chairman of the UK Institute of Physics Quantum Electronics Group from 1990-93, and was also Chairman of the European Physical Society Quantum Electronics and Optics Division (1998-2000). Currently, he is Deputy Principal (Pro-Vice Chancellor) with special responsibility for Research at Heriot-Watt University, operating on a part-time basis in parallel with research activity as Professor of Photonics in the School of Engineering and Physical Sciences. He is also Deputy Director of the Edinburgh Research Partnership between Edinburgh University and Heriot-Watt University

</doc>
<doc id="19844045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844045" title="1998 BMW Open">
1998 BMW Open

The 1998 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from April 27 to May 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19844049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844049" title="The Overeater">
The Overeater

The Overeater (original title: "L'Outremangeur") is a 2003 French-language film directed by Thierry Binisti and starring former footballer Éric Cantona.
Plot introduction.
Superintendent Richard Selena of Marseille Police, is a compulsive overeater. Obese and awkward, he looks like an ogre. The opening credits overlay a scene of childhood attachment, ending with a young girl being led away. We learn that memories of his girlfriend's death still haunt him. After a heart attack, doctors give him one year to live.
Fascinated by the young and beautiful Elsa whom Richard knows is guilty of murdering her uncle, Victor Lachaume, a leading ship owner of the port, he decides to play a game. He makes a proposition: that he will keep silent about his knowledge on condition that she comes to dine at his place every evening for that one year. Elsa accepts this ritual in spite of the perversity of the proposal.
Production details.
This crime drama was made in 2003 in France and is 95 minutes long with English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="19844058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844058" title="The Legend of Bruce Lee">
The Legend of Bruce Lee

The Legend of Bruce Lee is a Chinese biographic television series based on the life story of martial artist and actor Bruce Lee. The 50 episodes long series was produced and broadcast by CCTV and had been aired since 12 October 2008. It starred Hong Kong actor Danny Chan as Bruce Lee and American actress Michelle Lang as Lee's wife Linda Lee Cadwell. The production period spanned nine months, with filming taking place in China, Hong Kong, Macau, the United States, Italy and Thailand, with a budget of 50 million yuan (US$7.3 million).
Lee's daughter, Shannon Lee was credited as the executive producer. Other martial artists such as Mark Dacascos, Ray Park, Gary Daniels, Ernest Miller and Michael Jai White are also featured in the series as well, playing the roles of familiars throughout Bruce Lee's life and career.
"The Legend of Bruce Lee" has seen increasing viewership since its debut in 2008. The first 14 episodes broke China's former record held by "Chuang Guan Dong". According to the CSM survey held on 26 October 2008, the first 30 episodes of the series received viewership ratings above 10.35%. The finale episode attained a viewership rating of 14.87%; breaking CCTV's all-time high record set in 2003.
International syndications.
Also, in the United States, Lions Gate Entertainment edited the series into a 183 minutes long film and released it on DVD on September 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19844059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844059" title="Viasat Film Family">
Viasat Film Family

Viasat Film Family is a premium television channel showing family movies and owned by Modern Times Group (MTG). 

</doc>
<doc id="19844061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844061" title="The Door with Seven Locks (1962 film)">
The Door with Seven Locks (1962 film)

The Door with Seven Locks () is a 1962 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Heinz Drache. It is an adaptation of the Edgar Wallace novel "The Door with Seven Locks".

</doc>
<doc id="19844077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844077" title="Farmall 1026">
Farmall 1026

The Farmall 1026, produced by International Harvester from 1970–1971, is a row crop tractor with a Hydraulic drive system, or hydro. The 1026, rated at 112 power take off, (PTO) horsepower, was the first 100+ horsepower hydro tractor ever produced.
The Farmall 1026 was produced as a hydro only model. This was unique to the 1026, as the other hydro models produced by International Harvester at the time were also built as gear drive versions in addition to the hydro versions, while still maintaining the same model number.
The Farmall 656 and 826, for example, were available as hydro as well as gear drive versions.
Production data.
Farmall 1026 production lasted only 2 years, with only 2,414 of the Farmall version built. The International, or standard version production totaled only 158. These totals are quite low compared to other tractor models built by International Harvester, and today the Farmall 1026 could be considered a rare tractor, and the International 1026 extremely rare.

</doc>
<doc id="19844087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844087" title="The Door with Seven Locks">
The Door with Seven Locks

The Door with Seven Locks can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19844093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844093" title="Screwdriver (musician)">
Screwdriver (musician)

Screwdriver (born Dalton Lindo, 1960, Saint James Parish, Jamaica) is a reggae artist active since the mid-1980s.
Biography.
Born Dalton Lindo in Saint James Parish in 1960, in the mid-1980s, Lindo travelled to Kingston, where he met and was encouraged in his musical career by Beres Hammond. Taking inspiration from the likes of Tenor Saw, Pinchers, Pliers, and Spanner Banner, he began recording in 1986, having hits with "We Rule", "Soundboy Killa", "Family Counsellor", and "Here I Come". He had a Jamaican number one single in 1989 with "No Mama (Sharon Yuh Pregnant?)", which became a major hit throughout the Caribbean. His success led to tours of Canada and the United States, and he eventually settled in Florida in the early 1990s. Further hits followed with "Reggae on Broadway", "Teach Dem", and "HIV", and in the mid-1990s he began to blend hip hop and R&B with dancehall, notably on the "Calling Calling" album from 1995. 1996 saw the release of Screwdriver's self-produced "Let Me Remind You" album. Screwdriver made a guest appearance on John Holt's 1997 album "All Night Long". Shortly after the release of "Let Me Remind You", Screwdriver began working on his next album, "Prophecy", which was released in 2001. He said of the album: "Mi try do a little a everything on it...some ska, some jazz, a little merengue. Is a musician album".
His latest album, 2007's "Road Block" mixes new rhythms with old ones and features a new version of his biggest hit, "No Mama", retitled "Sherron".
Screwdriver wrote the song "Jah Send Him Come" in support of Barack Obama's presidential election campaign. He initially offered the song to Luciano, but when the offer was declined recorded it himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19844118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844118" title="Taxation in Iceland">
Taxation in Iceland

Taxes in Iceland are levied by the state and the municipalities. Property rights are strong and Iceland is one of the few countries where they are applied to fishery management. Taxpayers pay various subsidies to each other, similar to European countries with welfare state, but the spending is less than in most European countries. Despite low tax rates, overall taxation and consumption is still much higher than countries such as Ireland. Employment regulations are relatively flexible.
Income tax.
Income tax is deducted at source, known as pay-as-you-earn (PAYE). Each employee has a personal tax credit of 44,205 ISK per month; unused credit may be transferred to one's spouse. Up to 8% of gross income may be deducted for private pension insurance.
The rate includes 14.44% collected by municipal authorities.
Tax on capital gains.
Individuals pay 20% capital gains tax.
Corporate tax.
The corporate tax rate is 20%, one of the lowest in the world.
Value added tax.
The standard rate of value added tax is 25.5%, with a reduced rate of 7% for certain products.

</doc>
<doc id="19844133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844133" title="1999 BMW Open">
1999 BMW Open

The 1999 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from April 26 to May 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19844151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844151" title="Winchester Star">
Winchester Star

The Winchester Star is a daily newspaper based in Winchester, Virginia covering the Shenandoah Valley area. Subscribers may choose from either the print edition or a downloadable edition of the newspaper.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19844178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844178" title="Maja e Radohimës">
Maja e Radohimës

Maja e Radohimës is a mountain in the Albanian part of the Prokletije at a height of . Its location is west of the Maja Jezercë at high.

</doc>
<doc id="19844179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844179" title="2000 BMW Open">
2000 BMW Open

The 2000 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from May 1 to May 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19844189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844189" title="Das Bootleg – Live in Mannheim (Part 1)">
Das Bootleg – Live in Mannheim (Part 1)

Das Bootleg – Live in Mannheim (Part 1) is the tenth album, and the third live album, by Ezio, recorded live at the Alte Feuerwache in Mannheim, Germany on 14 April 2003 and released in 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ezio Lunedei.

</doc>
<doc id="19844197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844197" title="List of tidal barrages">
List of tidal barrages

A barrage is an artificial obstruction at the mouth of a tidal watercourse.
Purpose.
The common primary functions of a barrage are:
Secondary functions may include: 
Notable barrages.
See also Category:Barrages

</doc>
<doc id="19844201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844201" title="TV6 (1994)">
TV6 (1994)

TV6 was a television channel started by Kinnevik as a channel aimed at women. The channel showed TV shows such as Ricki Lake and Dynasty. During the daytime, the shopping channel TVG would broadcast on the same channel as TV6.
In 1996 Kinnevik started the sports channel Sportkanalen, which broadcast on the same channel as TV6 during the weekend.
On February 2, 1998 the channel changed to Viasat Nature/Crime.

</doc>
<doc id="19844221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844221" title="Gusan (mountain)">
Gusan (mountain)

Gusan (, , "Gusan") is a mountain located in Albania and Kosovo. At high, it is the highest mountain that is shared between the two. This mountain belongs to the Prokletije. It is connected by a ridge to Đeravica in Kosovo, which is only a few kilometres south from it.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19844223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844223" title="Okpo">
Okpo

Okpo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844242" title="The Inn on the River">
The Inn on the River

The Inn on the River () is a 1962 German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Joachim Fuchsberger.

</doc>
<doc id="19844251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844251" title="Auburn Journal">
Auburn Journal

The Auburn Journal is a newspaper based in Auburn, California. The newspaper is owned by Gold Country Media, a division of Brehm Communications.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19844261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844261" title="Cool Boarders Pocket">
Cool Boarders Pocket

Cool Boarders Pocket, is a Snowboarding video game. It was released in 2000 for the Neo Geo Pocket Color handheld game console. It is a title in the long-running "Cool Boarders" series of games, which was mainly released on PlayStation.
Gameplay.
"Cool Boarders Pocket" differs to other games in the "Cool Boarders" series. It features an isometric (overhead) view instead of a third-person perspective. The game features two play modes a free-ride mode where the player navigates an obstacle course with no restrictions until he/she reaches the goal, and a survival mode where the player snowboards through the obstacle course until they run out of health. The game allows the player to choose one of two characters; a female or male snowboarder.

</doc>
<doc id="19844264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844264" title="Shin-Onna Tachiguishi Retsuden">
Shin-Onna Tachiguishi Retsuden

Production.
While the original Tachiguishi was directed by Mamoru Oshii, only two of the short stories will be directed by him in Shin Onna. The remaining four will be directed by Makoto Kamiya, Kenji Kamiyama, Takanori Tsujimoto, and Hiroaki Yuasa. More changes from the original include a change from Oshii's creation of Super-livemation to a mix between live action and CG. Also instead of focusing on male characters, Shin-Onna will feature mainly the female counterparts hence the title which roughly translates as "The True-Female Amazing Lives of Fast Food Grifters". The English release will go under the name "The Women of Fast Food". Shin Onna Tachiguishi Retsuden is part of the Kerberos Saga under the Tachiguishi Arc.
Short films.
Assault Girl: Hinako The Kentucky.
Directed by Mamoru Oshii.
The Golden Fish Girl.
Directed by Mamoru Oshii.
Dandelion: Mabu of the Dining Hall.
Directed by Kenji Kamiyama
Angel of the Songs.
Directed by Makoto Kamiya.
Two Guns.
Directed by Takanori Tsujimoto.
Whispers in the Grass: Kumi of the Frozen Strawberries.
Directed by Hiroaki Yuasa.

</doc>
<doc id="19844277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844277" title="The Daily Triplicate">
The Daily Triplicate

The Daily Triplicate is a semi-daily newspaper, published Tuesday through Saturday based in Crescent City, California. It is owned by Western Communications, who also publish "The Bulletin" in Bend, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="19844280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844280" title="Vakulabharanam">
Vakulabharanam

Vakulabharanam (pronounced ) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 14th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Dhātivasantabhairavi or Vātivasantabhairavi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 3rd "chakra Agni". The mnemonic name is "Agni-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu ma pa dha ni". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
"Shuddha rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "kaisiki nishadham" are the "swaras" used in this scale. As this scale is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Namanarayani", which is the 50th "melakarta" scale.
Asampurna Melakarta.
Vātivasantabhairavi is the 14th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the descending scale has notes used in zig-zag manner ("vakra prayoga").
"Janya" rāgams.
"Vakulabharanam" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Vasantabhairavi" is heard occasionally in concerts. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Vakulabharanam".
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Vakulabharanam".
Muthuswami Dikshitar's composition "Prasanna Venkateshwaram" is set to "Vativasantabhairavi" rāgam.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Vakulabharanam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 major "melakarta" rāgams, namely "Keeravani" and "Hemavati" along with 1 minor "melakarta" rāgam "Kosalam". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Keeravani".

</doc>
<doc id="19844290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844290" title="Army Special Forces (disambiguation)">
Army Special Forces (disambiguation)

The United States Army Special Forces are the foundational branch of the larger elite special operations forces.
Army Special Forces may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844299" title="The Squeaker (1963 film)">
The Squeaker (1963 film)

The Squeaker () is a 1963 West German/French crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Heinz Drache. It was part of a very successful series of German films based on the writings of Edgar Wallace and adapted from the 1927 novel of the same name.
Plot.
Both Scotland Yard and the criminal community of London are trying to discover the identity of "the Squealer". This mysterious fence forces criminals to sell him their wares for a pittance. When some object, he "squeals" to the police. Those who oppose him are ruthlessly killed, preferably by means of the poison of the Black Mamba. Inspector Elford of Scotland Yard investigates and he has plenty of suspects. The trail leads to the strange Mr. Sutton, owner of a zoological store that also carries predators and poisonous snakes. During his investigation, Elford meets Mrs. Mulford, an older lady who tries to help ex-convicts, and Beryl, her niece, who writes crime stories and works as a court reporter. Inspector Elford discovers a similarity between the typeset of a machine also used by Sutton and letters written by the Squealer. To make Sutton confess, he is tricked by Mrs. Mulford in cooperation with the police into drinking what he believes to be poisoned tea.
Production.
"The Squeaker" was the 12th of a very successful series of German films made in the late 1950s and 1960s by producer Horst Wendlandt for Rialto Film. This particular installment was co-produced by French company 'Les Films Jaques Willemetz'. The script was adapted by Harald G. Petersson from the 1927 novel "The Squeaker or The Sign Of the Leopard" ("The Squealer" in the US). Earlier film versions had been made in 1930 (Great Britain) and directed by Edgar Wallace himself, 1931 (Germany) and 1937 (again Great Britain). In 1961, an initial treatment had been written by Egon Eis who had earlier also worked on the script for the 1931 film made in Germany. However, he did not want to copy his own work and refused to do the final script for the new film. Petersson, who so far had only reworked scripts for Rialto, was now tasked with writing an entire script for the first time. His script was much more terse than the novel and it found the approval of producer Wendlandt. 
Wendlandt had to compete with films that were increasingly in colour. To boost the black and white film's attraction, it was shot in 'Ultra-Scope' a widescreen method. 
Alfred Vohrer directed the film. To boost production values, some scenes were shot on location in a wintry London. Additional exteriors were shot in West Berlin. CCC studios were used for interior cinematography—making this the first of a total of 15 films from the series that used Artur Brauner's studios. Filming took place between 22 January and 28 February 1963. This was the first film of the series to feature the signature beginning with a series of shots ringing out followed by a (coloured) bloodstain spreading across the screen as an invisible voice intones "Hello, this is Edgar Wallace!".
The FSK gave the film a rating of 16 and up and found it not appropriate for screenings on public holidays. It was released on 26 April 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19844311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844311" title="Judy Astley">
Judy Astley

Judy Astley is an English illustrator and author of 15 novels all published by Black Swan. Her first novel was published in 1994 since when she has published one novel a year. She has also written articles for "The Times". as well as short stories for "My Weekly" and "Woman" magazines.
Biography.
Judy Astley was born in Blackburn, Lancashire though has spent most of her life in Twickenham. Before becoming an author she spent some time as a freelance designer and dressmaker for Liberty. She is married to record producer Jon Astley and has two adult daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19844331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844331" title="Hernando Today">
Hernando Today

Hernando Today is a daily newspaper based in Brooksville, Florida covering Hernando County.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19844332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844332" title="The Hunting Party (1971 film)">
The Hunting Party (1971 film)

The Hunting Party is a 1971 American-British western film directed by Don Medford for Levy-Gardner-Laven and starring Oliver Reed, Gene Hackman, Candice Bergen, Simon Oakland and Ronald Howard.
Plot.
Relations are strained between cattle baron Brandt Ruger (Gene Hackman) and his wife, Melissa (Candice Bergen) when he leaves for a two-week hunting trip with some of his wealthy friends.
Mistaking her for a schoolteacher, outlaw Frank Calder (Oliver Reed) and his band of rustlers and thieves kidnap Melissa, not for ransom but because Calder wants to be taught how to read a book.
Traveling by luxurious private train, the hunting party engages in debauchery with women, one of whom Ruger sadistically abuses. Notified that his wife has been taken captive, Ruger arms his friends with high-powered rifles to begin a hunt not for animals but for men.
Calder twice must keep Melissa from being raped by his men. But eventually he overpowers and rapes her himself. Melissa tries to shoot and stab Calder and to flee, each time in vain. She goes on a hunger strike, but cannot resist the temptation of a jar of peaches. She begins to enjoy Calder's company.
Using rifles with telescopic sights that can allow shooting a target at 800 yards, Ruger and his men begin to pick off the outlaws one by one. Melissa also stabs one, Hog Warren (L.Q. Jones), after he attempts a second time to rape her. Calder charges within close range and is able to shoot one of Ruger's men. Two others quit the hunting party when they see Ruger's lack of concern over their friend's death.
Calder's men become upset to discover that they have kidnapped such a powerful man's wife, placing them in danger for no good reason. The men revolt and Calder kills one. When his own best friend, Doc (Mitchell Ryan), is gravely wounded, Calder obeys a last request to put Doc out of his misery.
On his death bed, Hog Warren further angers Ruger by telling him Melissa is now Calder's woman. In yet another ambush, Ruger sees for himself that Melissa, rather than trying to escape, leaps onto Calder's horse voluntarily to ride off with him. Ruger's last remaining ally, Matthew (Simon Oakland), implores him to let her go, but the crazed Ruger pays no mind.
The last of Calder's men are gunned down from long-range at a water hole. Alone now, Calder and Melissa are driven out into the desert. Weak from heat and thirst, their horse dead, they stumble toward an inevitable fate. Ruger materializes on foot. He fatally shoots Calder with his rifle. As Calder is dying Ruger kills Melissa. Ruger then collapses beside them. The credits roll over what appears to be a sepia photograph of three bodies in the sand.

</doc>
<doc id="19844334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844334" title="Giovanni Kasebacher">
Giovanni Kasebacher

Giovanni Kasebacher (born December 13, 1910 – "date of death unknown") was an Italian cross-country skier who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Italian relay team which finished fourth in the 4x10 km relay competition. In the 50 km event he finished 13th.
Further notable results were:

</doc>
<doc id="19844342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844342" title="Jesse Clegg">
Jesse Clegg

Jesse Clegg (born 1988) is a singer-songwriter from South Africa, and the son of the musician Johnny Clegg.
Early life.
Clegg was born in Johannesburg in 1988. By the time he was six months old he was on tour with his father, and between 1988 and 1994 he spent at least 5 months a year on the road. The cover of Johnny Clegg's 1989 album Cruel, Crazy Beautiful World depicts a young Jesse Clegg on his father's shoulders, and the title track is addressed and dedicated to him.
Musical career.
Early on, Jesse carved out an independent direction for himself in the rock genre, very different from the world music style developed by his father. He strove to express himself in the most authentic way possible and understood the importance of being able to perform live. He experimented with a number of different instruments - which included saxophone, clarinet, drums and piano – until he settled and focused mainly on guitar. By seventeen, songwriting was his chief musical focus and it was in this period and the years to follow that he honed his writing skills and put together the songs recorded on his first album.
Discography.
Studio albums
Singles
Singles
Jesse Clegg released two singles from his debut album 'When I Wake Up'. The debut single 'Today' was released on radio in mid August 2008 and debuted at number one on the Highveld Homebrew Chart, a considerable feat for a debut artist with a debut single and a first for Homebrew. The second single 'Heartbreak Street' received heavy airplay on 94.7 Highveld stereo as well as 5FM.

</doc>
<doc id="19844348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844348" title="James Moore (baseball)">
James Moore (baseball)

James Robert Moore, commonly called Red Moore, (born November 18, 1916) was a professional baseball player. Moore was a player in the Negro League, appearing with many different teams but most substantially with home team Atlanta Black Crackers. He also served with three different All-Star teams and, in 1938, played with the Southern News Services All-American Negro League Baseball Team. In 2006 he was inducted into the Atlanta Sports Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Moore began playing after graduating Booker T. Washington High School in 1933 with Atlanta Black Crackers. Over the next six years, Moore moved among that team, Macon Peaches, Chattanooga Choo-Choos, Schenectady Black Socks, Newark Eagles and Baltimore Elite Giants, gradually earning a reputation according to "Voices from the Negro Leagues" as perhaps ""the" best fielding basement of all time" in his league. In 1940, after finishing the regular season in Baltimore, Moore played in a winter season in Los Angeles, California that allowed white and black players to compete against each other, a competition that was first allowed and then halted by Major League Baseball commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis. Moore himself believed that the games were halted because the black players were too successful, stating that "The public, they liked to see the competition, but the commissioner, he didn't have that attitude after he found out that we were drawin' real good crowds and we were beatin' 'em a lot." Moore registered for military draft in October 1940 and served from 1942 to 1945. For the three years after World War II, he returned to baseball with the Black Crackers. At his most highly paid, prior to the war, he earned $250 a month with a $1.50 daily food allowance.
In 2006 Moore was among six individuals inducted into the Atlanta Sports Hall of Fame, in its second year of existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19844354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844354" title="Suryakantam">
Suryakantam

"For popular Telugu film actress see Suryakantham"
Suryakantam or Sooryakantam (pronounced sūryakāntam) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 17th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Chāyāvati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 5th rāgam in the 3rd "chakra Agni". The mnemonic name is "Agni-Ma". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu ma pa dhi nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This scale uses the "swaras", "shuddha rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Gamanashrama", which is the 53rd "melakarta" scale.
Asampurna Melakarta.
Chāyāvati is the 17th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the actual ascending scale is different, where-in the "panchamam" is not used.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Suryakantam" has many "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Vasanta", "Sowrashtram" and "Bhairavam" are popular in concerts. See List of "janya" rāgams for those associated with "Suryakantam".
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Suryakantam".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Suryakantam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 "melakarta" rāgams, namely "Senavati" and "Latangi". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Suryakantam".

</doc>
<doc id="19844365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844365" title="Saint John Vianney's prayer to Jesus">
Saint John Vianney's prayer to Jesus

Saint John Vianney, the patron saint of parish priests, composed his prayer to Jesus in the 19th century.
The prayer reflects Vianney's deep religious feelings, which were praised by Pope John XXIII in his encyclical "Sacerdotii Nostri Primordia" in 1959.
The prayer is quoted in the Catechism of the Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19844367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844367" title="The Teardrops (girl group)">
The Teardrops (girl group)

The Teardrops were an American girl group popular during the 1960s.
Career.
The Teardrops were formed around 1961 by two friends, Dorothy Dyer and Linda Schroeder, (both girls were 14 years of age at the time) in Cincinnati, Ohio. They later recruited Hughes High School student and school friend Pat Strunk as the third voice. During 1962-63 the trio were performing at local teen tenues in Cincinnati until they were spotted by musician/arranger George Bud Reneau, who then introduced them to his partner, songwriter, Paul Trefzger. The trio signed with Bud and Paul's Saxony Records in 1964 along with the deal came fourth member, Wanda Sheriff. the now quartet recorded "Tonight I'm Gonna Fall In Love" / "That's Why I'll Get By" in the fall of 1964, It received local airplay in Cincinnati, and in other cities across the US. The Teardrop's local success had them opening for The Beach Boys and Sonny and Cher. 
In early 1965, they followed up with "Call Me and I'll Be Happy", which featured Schroeder on lead. After the single's release, founding member Dyer decide to leave the group, and was replaced by Tinker Smiddy. Their third single "Tears Come Tumbling" was granted national distribution by Musicor Records, who also issued their final single, "I Will Love You Dear Forever", in 1966.
By late 1966, other founding members, Sheriff and Strunk both left with Smiddy departing the group the following year. Dyer later returned to the group, rejoining Schroder along with two new members, Bobbie Frost and Susie Leight, for the final incarnation, until marriage and career changes caused the group to break up in 1969.
By the 1980s, all of the Teardrops recordings resurfaced on vinyl in the United Kingdom, including the unreleased track "Here Comes Loneliness" which went on to become a Northern soul favorite along with the B-sides, "Bubblegummer", You Won't Be There, and "I'm Gonna Steal Your Boyfriend". In 2001, Saxony Records released a compact disc of all the Teardrops material.
Today, all members of the Teardrops (with the exception of Linda Schroeder-Milazzo, who died in 2003) still reside in Cincinnati, and reunite to perform on special occasions.
References.
^ Clemente, John (2000). Girl Groups -- Fabulous Females That Rocked The World. Iola, Wisc. Krause Publications. pp. 276. ISBN 0-87341-816-6. ^ Clemente, John (2013). Girl Groups -- Fabulous Females Who Rocked The World. Bloomington, IN Authorhouse Publications. pp.623. ISBN 978-1-4772-7633-4 (sc); ISBN 978-1-4772-8128-4 (e).

</doc>
<doc id="19844374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844374" title="Julie Marie">
Julie Marie

Julie Marie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844378" title="Hickory Daily Record">
Hickory Daily Record

Hickory Daily Record is a newspaper based in Hickory, North Carolina. It is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19844393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844393" title="Simon Baker (disambiguation)">
Simon Baker (disambiguation)

Simon Baker (born 1969) is an Australian actor.
Simon Baker may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844403" title="The Black Cobra (1963 film)">
The Black Cobra (1963 film)

The Black Cobra () is a 1963 Austrian comedy film directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and starring Adrian Hoven. 

</doc>
<doc id="19844411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844411" title="Caleana">
Caleana

Caleana, commonly known as the Duck Orchid, is a genus of orchids from the Orchidoideae subfamily native to Australia. Species in this genus are called "duck orchids" because of the form of the "labellum". The lip resembles a flying duck with clearly expressed beak. It is pollinated by the male sawfly in similar way to the pollination of "Drakaea" (the hammer Orchid). There are still problems with the classification of the Orchid in a subtribe.

</doc>
<doc id="19844415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844415" title="Severino Menardi">
Severino Menardi

Severino Menardi (born November 1, 1910, date of death unknown) was an Italian cross-country skier, Nordic combined skier, and ski jumper who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
In 1932 he finished 21st in the Nordic combined event and 27th in the ski jumping competition. He also participated in the 18 km cross-country skiing event and finished 34th.
Four years later he was a member of the Italian relay team which finished fourth in the 4x10 km relay competition. In the 18 km event he finished 16th and in the Nordic combined event he finished 20th.

</doc>
<doc id="19844422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844422" title="Birdbrook railway station">
Birdbrook railway station

Birdbrook railway station was located to the northeast of the village of Birdbrook, Essex. It opened in 1863 as the replacement for Whitley station, and closed in 1962.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19844433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844433" title="Sportkanalen">
Sportkanalen

Sportkanalen was a sports channel started by Kinnevik on March 23, 1996 and is considered the predecessor to Viasat Sport. Its main competitor was the sports channel SuperSport.
The channels last broadcast was on December 30, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19844447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844447" title="Former equipment of the Maavägi">
Former equipment of the Maavägi

This is an (incomplete) list of former equipment used by the Estonian Army (Maavägi:) prior to World War 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19844461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844461" title="SuperSport">
SuperSport

SuperSport was a Scandinavian sports channel started by FilmNet which was owned by MultiChoice South Africa at the time. The channel showed Premier League, NHL, Formula 1 and many other sports. The channel closed on 1 July 1997. The SuperSport brand which started in South Africa is still prevalent in South Africa and across the African continent on the DStv satellite TV platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19844466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844466" title="Liz Carroll">
Liz Carroll

Liz Carroll is an American musician of Irish descent. She was born in Chicago of Irish parents. In 1974 she won the All-Ireland under 18 fiddle championship. The next year she won the All-Ireland Senior Fiddle Championship.
Liz's first recording was in 1978, a collaboration with Tommy Maguire called "Kiss Me Kate". She recorded her first solo album "A Friend Indeed" the following year, and recorded another solo album in 1988. In 1992 Carroll joined up with Billy McComiskey and Dáithí Sproule to form Trian. The group recorded two albums. Liz received the National Endowment for the Arts' National Heritage Fellowship Award in 1994. A third solo album, "Lost In The Loop", was released in 2000. It received the Indie award for best Celtic/British Isles recording that year. In 2002, Liz recorded another solo album entitled 'Lake Effect', and most recently, 'In Play' and 'Double Play', with guitarist John Doyle.
In 2005, Liz recorded a live album and DVD with String Sisters titled "Live", released in 2007.
Her recent CDs are on the Green Linnet and Compass Records labels. She appears in concert solo, as well as with John Doyle.
In 2010, Carroll became the first American-born traditional Irish musician to be nominated for a Grammy, when her recording with John Doyle "Double Play" on Compass Records was nominated in the "Best Traditional World Music Album" category. 200 Carroll compositions, recorded and unrecorded, were published in August, 2010 as "Collected: Original Irish Tunes".

</doc>
<doc id="19844493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844493" title="Airthrey">
Airthrey

Airthrey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844512" title="The Black Abbot (1963 film)">
The Black Abbot (1963 film)

The Black Abbot () is a 1963 West German mystery film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Joachim Fuchsberger. It was part of a very successful series of German films based on the writings of Edgar Wallace and adapted from the 1926 novel of the same name.
Plot.
The ruins of Fossoway Abbey are supposed to conceal the legendary treasure of the Chelford family, sought by Harry Chelford, last of his line, with fanatical zeal. Due to a hereditary disease, he is liable to fall victim to insanity at any time. His fiancee, Leslie Gine, is more attracted to Dick Alford, Harry's cousin and steward at Chelford Manor. Meanwhile, her brother Arthur, a London lawyer is being blackmailed by his chief clerk Gilder, who wants Leslie for himself. Gilder has purchased some bills of exchange on which Arthur forged the signature of Lord Chelford to pay for his own gambling debts. There is also the 'Black Abbot', a mysterious figure who is seen moving about in the old ruin and supposedly guards the treasure. Inspector Puddler of Scotland Yard and his assistant Horatio are called in when a man is found stabbed to death and they try to solve the mystery. Among the suspects is the butler Fortuna who Puddler recognizes as a former inmate of Dartmoor prison. Mary Wenner, who used to be secretary of Lord Chelford (and an aspirant to become his wife), joins forces with Gilder to find the treasure. They manage to discover some scroll cases containing maps of the abbey but are driven off by the Black Abbot. They later return to find the maps gone. Wenner is shot and killed by Arthur Gine, who himself is later killed in a confrontation with Gilder. Leslie Gine calls off the wedding with Lord Chelford. Lord Chelford, plagued by his deteriorating sanity completely loses his grip on reality when he encounters his mother (whom he believes to be dead) in the grounds of the manor. Lord Chelford shoots his mother and the Black Abbot, takes Leslie as a hostage and hides with her in the tunnels beneath the abbey after also killing Gilder. It turns out there have been two Black Abbots: one was the butler working as an agent for Gilder, the other was Alford, working with the family doctor Loxon to care for the insane Lady Chelford whom they had kept hidden from her son. There is a shoot-out with the police and Lord Chelford is killed by a cave-in. Among the stones falling on the last Lord Chelford are some chests that contain the treasure. 
Differences from the novel.
The film follows the novel quite closely over long stretches. However, in the novel Harry and Dick are brothers. Lord Chelford is looking for the elixir of youth that is supposedly part of the treasure, not for the gold. Mary Wenner proposes to marry Arthur Gine as part of a deal to get at the treasure—which in the novel is said to include 15 tons of gold. The novel does not start with a murder like the film. Sergeant Puttler (=Inspector Puddler) initially comes to the castle as a favour to Alford, he is on vacation and wants to spend it doing some light investigative work concerning the strange goings-on around the estate. There is no police assistant in the novel, or comic relief of the kind provided by Arent's character in the film. In fact, the first character to be killed is Thomas, who dies in his Black Abbot costume, just like in the film. Lord Chelford is found to have disappeared from his room, signs of a fight remain behind. Arthur Gine goes abroad after tricking Gilder into signing a large cheque. Later, Leslie Gine is kidnapped. Gilder finds out that Alford is the Black Abbot—he later confesses to it, saying that he used the costume to scare his insane and at times violent brother into staying inside the estate. The end is relatively close to the film with a pursuit through the tunnels and Lord Chelford's death. However, in the novel there is not just a happy ending for Leslie Gine and Dick Alford, but also for Wenner and Gilder who get engaged. Doctor Loxon and Lady Chelford do not appear in the novel at all—she has actually died years before.
Production.
"Der Schwarze Abt" was the 13th in a series of films based on works by Edgar Wallace made in the late 1950s and 1960s by producer Horst Wendlandt for Rialto Film. The script to the film was adapted by Johannes Kai and Franz Josef Gottlieb from the Edgar Wallace novel "The Black Abbot" (1926). An earlier film version had been made in Britain in 1934. This was the fourth script Kai (a pen name for Hanns Wiedmann) had written for a Wallace film and the plot remained relatively close to the original novel. F.J. Gottlieb had just directed "" produced by competitor Artur Brauner and had previously worked on Wallace scripts for Constantin Film. He reworked the script, trying to improve the odds of receiving a favourable age rating from the FSK. 
It was one of the earliest films of the series emphasizing the "gothic" elements that came to be a hallmark of the series but were not to be found in Edgar Wallace's original material. Principal cinematography took place from 17 April to 28 May 1963. Interiors and some exteriors were shot at the CCC studios in West Berlin. Schloss Herdringen near Arnsberg was used as Chelford Manor. The film was shot in 'Ultra-Scope', a form of CinemaScope. It features opening credits in colour but is otherwise in black-and-white.
The FSK gave the film a rating of 12 and up and found it not appropriate for screenings on public holidays. This was changed from the first rating of 16 and up after some scenes were edited (the killing of Wüstenhagen, Borsche dragging around the unconscious Böttcher and final twitches by Borsche after being buried by masonry). The film was initially distributed by Constantin Film and premiered on 5 July 1963 at the Universum in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19844520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844520" title="Sakis Rouvas videography">
Sakis Rouvas videography

This page features the complete videography of Greek artist Sakis Rouvas.

</doc>
<doc id="19844533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844533" title="Bobby Robinson">
Bobby Robinson

Bobby Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844567" title="909th Air Refueling Squadron">
909th Air Refueling Squadron

The 909th Air Refueling Squadron (909 ARS) is part of the 18th Wing at Kadena Air Base, Japan. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
Mission.
The 909th is the Pacific Air Forces' "lead force" for air refueling U.S. and allied aircraft during all contingencies. The squadron accomplishes aeromedical evacuations for military and civilian members, transporting patients to as far away as the United States when necessary. It also conducts Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START) and headquarters- and command-directed missions.
History.
Established in early 1942 initially as a B-24 Liberator reconnaissance squadron, flying antisubmarine patrols. Later being redesignated as a heavy bomb group; trained under Third Air Force in Florida. Completed training in late 1942; deploying to European Theater of Operations (ETO) as one of the initial heavy bomber squadrons assigned to VIII Bomber Command in England, September 1942.
Engaged in long-ranger strategic bombardment operations over Occupied Europe. Deployed to IX Bomber Command in Egypt in December 1942; operating from airfields in Libya and Tunisia. Raided enemy military and industrial targets in Italy and in the southern Balkans, including the Nazi-controlled oilfields at Polesti, Romania, receiving a Distinguished Unit Citation for its gallantry in that raid. Also flew tactical bombing raids against Afrika Korps defensive positions in Tunisia; supporting British Eighth Army forces in their advance to Tunis, in September and October 1943.
Returned to England with disestablishment of IX Bomber Command in North Africa. From England, resumed long-range strategic bombardment raids on Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany, attacking enemy military and industrial targets as part of the United States' air offensive. The squadron was one of the most highly decorated units in the Eighth Air Force, continuing offensive attacks until the German capitulation in May, 1945.
Returned to the United States in June, 1945 where it was programmed to be re-equipped with Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombers for deployment to the Pacific, but the squadron was inactivated in July. The squadron was activated again at Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico in November, where it trained with B-29s. In June 1946 it moved to Davis-Monthan Field, Arizona, where it was assigned to the 444th Bombardment Group, one of the first ten combat groups of Strategic Air Command. In October, the 444th group and its squadrons were inactivated and their mission, equipment and personnel were transferred to the 43d Bombardment Group.
Reactivated and redesignated in July 1963 as an air refueling squadron; conducted worldwide air refueling; including rotating aircrews to Southeast Asia from, 1967–1973 and providing air refueling in Southwest Asia from, August 1990–March 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19844569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844569" title="Jean-Paul Delevoye">
Jean-Paul Delevoye

Jean-Paul Delevoye (born 22 January 1947) is a French politician.
Political career.
After having worked in the food industry, he began his political career as a village councilman in 1974. Since 1982, he is the mayor of Bapaume, a small town in northern France (except between 2002 and 2004).
Between 1992 and 2002, he was president of the "French mayors association" and a Senator of the Pas de Calais département, before being promoted to Minister of the Civil Service. After two years in the French government, he is appointed as the Mediator of the French Republic ("Médiateur de la République"), his term of office ending in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19844593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844593" title="Jean Puech">
Jean Puech

Jean Puech (born 22 February 1942, in Viviez) is a French politician. He was first a member of the Republican Party before joining the Union for a Popular Movement.
Between 1980 and 1993 and again between 1996 and 2008, he was a Senator. Between 1993 and 1995, he was Minister of Agriculture. Then in 1995 for a few months, he was Minister of the Civil service.

</doc>
<doc id="19844604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844604" title="Faoa Aitofele Sunia">
Faoa Aitofele Sunia

Faoa Aitofele Toese Fiti Sunia (born March 27, 1943 Fagatogo, American Samoa), formerly known by the title of Ipulasi Aitofele Sunia, is an American Samoan lawyer and politician. Sunia has served as the Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa since April 11, 2003.
Biography.
Early life.
Sunia was born on March 27, 1943, in Fagatogo, American Samoa. His parents were Elder Rev. Fiti and Savali Alesana Sunia. His father was a minister. Sunia was later adopted by Toese Namu Sagapolutele and Samanu Alo Sagapolutele.
Sunia was educated at Marist Elementary School, Feleti Memorial Demonstration Junior High School and Samoana High School. His family moved to Hawaii when he was a teenager, so Sunia graduated from President Theodore Roosevelt High School in Honolulu in 1962. Following his graduation from high school, Sunia attended Concord College, located in Athens, West Virginia, from 1962 until 1965.
Personal life.
Sunia is married to Elisapeta Pula Nikolao Iuli. The couple have seven children and one grandchild. According to his official biography, Sunia is a member of the Lions Clubs International, Masons and the Shriners.
Sunia worked as a High Court of American Samoa court interpreter from 1965 until 1968. From 1968 until 1969, he was employed at the American Samoa Weather Station as a mediological(meteorological) technician.
He returned to college in 1970 and attended San Francisco State University. He transferred to the University of San Francisco in 1971 and 1972. Sunia graduated from the University of San Francisco in 1972 with a Bachelor of Science degree in government. He further enrolled in the University of San Francisco's law school, where he received a Juris Doctor in Law in 1975.
Sunia returned to American Samoa, where he took a position as the territory's Assistant Attorney General from 1976 until 1978. He became the legal counsel for the American Samoa Fono from 1979 to 1983, and later also served as legal councel for the director for the Legislative Reference Bureau.
Sunia became a partner in a private law firm, Kruse, Sunia & Ward, from 1983 until 1988. He was elevated to judge pro-tem from 1986 until 1988. He returned to his former position as Assistant Attorney General from 1988 until 1992.
He was appointed the Treasurer of American Samoa from 1993 until 1994. In 1994, Sunia became the head legal counsel for the American Samoan Fono for a second time. He next became Treasurer again in 2001, where he remained until 2003.
Sunia further served on the Western Pacific Regional Fishery Management Council for six year.
Lieutenant Governor.
Sunia remained Treasurer until 2003. In 2003, Governor Togiola Tulafono selected Sunia as the new Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa. Tulafono, Sunia's predecessor as lieutenant governor, had become governor following the unexpected death of former Governor Tauese Sunia of a heart attack in March 2003 while en route to Honolulu for medical treatment. Ipulasi Sunia was the younger brother of the late Governor Tauese Sunia.
Sunia was sworn into office as Lieutenant Governor on Friday, April 11, 2003, after he was confirmed by the American Samoan legislature earlier the same day. The oath of office was administered by Territorial Chief Justice Michael Kruse.
Tulafono and Sunia were elected to a full term with 56% of the vote in 2004 following a run-off election.
Sunia and American Samoa Senator Tini Lam Yuen were arrested and indicted in September 2007 in a federal corruption probe for awarding local United States Department of Education contracts. The charges stemmed from when Sunia's tenure as the American Samoan Treasurer. Sunia has denied all charges.
Governor Togiola Tulafono and Lieutenant Governor Ipulasi Aitofele Sunia announced their joint reelection campaign on May 10, 2008, at the Tradewinds Hotel in Tafuna. The 2008 American Samoa gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19844608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844608" title="André Rossinot">
André Rossinot

André Rossinot (born 22 May 1939 in Briey, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a French politician. He is a medical doctor specialist in Otolaryngology. He is a member of the Radical Party. 
Between 1978 and 1997, he was a member of the French National Assembly. From 1993 until 1995, he was the Minister of Civil Service. He is an officer of the Légion d'honneur and an honorary member of the Académie de Stanislas.
Rossinot is currently mayor of Nancy (Meurthe-et-Moselle) and honorary president of the Radical Party. He was president of the party at different points in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, before and after it aligned with the UMP.

</doc>
<doc id="19844610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844610" title="Come On Get Higher">
Come On Get Higher

"Come On Get Higher" is a song co-written by Matt Nathanson and Mark Weinberg. It was recorded by Nathanson and released as the second single from his album "Some Mad Hope" in 2008. The song had commercial success, reaching the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 59 as well as charting within the Top 10 of "Billboard"'s Adult Contemporary and Adult Pop Songs charts. In addition, it is his only single to date to receive a platinum certification from the RIAA.
The song has been covered by many artists, including country music duo Sugarland, whose live version of the song appears on the Deluxe Edition of their album "Love on the Inside".

</doc>
<doc id="19844620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844620" title="Kalleli">
Kalleli

Kalleli is a small village, about 10 kilometres away from Konni (India) in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India. It is situated on the banks of river Achankovil

</doc>
<doc id="19844621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844621" title="The Indian Scarf">
The Indian Scarf

The Indian Scarf () is a 1963 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer. It was part of a very successful series of German films based on the writings of Edgar Wallace and adapted from the 1931 play "The Case of the Frightened Lady".
Plot.
After the rich Lord Lebanon has been strangled, a group of different characters assembles at Mark's Priory, his lonely manor in the north of Scotland, to attend the reading of his will. However, as lawyer Frank Tanner explains—in reading a "second-to-last-will"—to the potential heirs, they will first have to stay together at the manor for six days and six nights. Thinking that Lebanon has died of heart failure they all agree. It turns out to be a dangerous requirement as the manor is cut off from the outside world by a storm and one by one the visitors are murdered—strangled with an Indian scarf. In the end, of all the guests, family and staff only Tanner, Isla Harris and Bonwit the butler survive. The last will is read and it is revealed that Lord Lebanon has in fact left all his money to the man he considered to be the greatest of the century: Edgar Wallace.
Production.
"Das indische Tuch" was part of a series of films based on works by Edgar Wallace made in the late 1950s and 1960s by producer Horst Wendlandt for Rialto Film. The script to the film was adapted first by Georg Hurdalek and then Harald G. Petersson from an original treatment by Egon Eis, written under the pen name of Trygve Larsen, that had not found the approval of the producer. At this stage, the film was to be called "Der Unheimliche". The scripts were derived from the Edgar Wallace play "The Frightened Lady". There were two previous film versions based on it, both British and called "The Frightened Lady", made in 1932 and 1940. Of the three, Vohrer's version was the one that deviated most from the original play. The story becomes a case of "Zehn kleine Negerlein" (known today in English as "Ten Little Indians"), as the protagonists are killed off one by one. Unusually for a film of the series, even leading man Heinz Drache's character comes under suspicion.
Heinz Drache was cast for this film after having starred as the hero of a very successful TV production of Francis Durbridge's "The Scarf" (""), which involved a similar modus operandi and was first aired in 1962. Several other actors, like Kinski, Arent and Schürenberg, had by that time become regulars in the film series.
The film was shot between 8 July and 13 August 1963 entirely in the CCC studios in West Berlin. There were no exterior shots at all. Wilhelm Vorwerk, who appears as Lord Lebanon, was not an actor, but rather the production designer at CCC studios. Eva Ebner was Vohrer's assistant. A final in-joke that was cut from more recent TV versions but restored for the DVD is a telephone call purporting to be from an "Inspector Fuchsberger", a reference to actor Joachim Fuchsberger, another leading man from the series of Wallace films made by Rialto.
The FSK gave the film a rating of 16 years and up and deemed it not appropriate for screenings on public holidays. It was released on 13 September 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19844628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844628" title="Philippe Malaud">
Philippe Malaud

Philippe Malaud (born 2 October 1925 in Paris – died on 14 October 2007, in Paris) was a French diplomat and politician. He graduated from the École nationale d'administration in 1956. From 1968 until 1978, he was a member of the Independent Republicans. 
He was the minister of civil service between 1973 and 1974 and was Minister of Information for a short period of time. Between 1973 and 1981, he was a member of the Parliament. Then between 1984 and 1989, he was a Member of the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19844660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844660" title="Yves Guéna">
Yves Guéna

Yves Guéna (born 6 July 1922 in Brest, Finistère) is a French politician. In 1940, he joined the Free French Forces in the United Kingdom. He received several decorations for his courage.
He belonged to various right wing parties: Union pour la nouvelle République (1962–1968), the Union of Democrats for the Republic (1968–1978) and the Rally for the Republic (1978–1997).
He occupied several posts as minister. In 1968, he was the minister of information. He was a member of the Parliament between 1962 and 1981 and then again between 1986 and 1988. He was a senator between 1989 and 1997.
In 2000, he was named president of the Constitutional Council of France. He leave his function in 2004 before to become president of the Arab World Institute until 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19844676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844676" title="Jean-Philippe Lecat">
Jean-Philippe Lecat

Jean-Philippe Lecat (29 July 1935 – 26 March 2011) was a French politician. He graduated from the École nationale d'administration in 1963.
Between 1968 and 1978, he was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic and between 1978 and 1981, he was a member of the Rally for the Republic.
Between 1972 and 1973, he was the spokesman of the French government. From 1973 until 1974, he was Minister of Information. Finally, he was between 1978 and 1981, Minister of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19844678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844678" title="Orbcomm (satellite)">
Orbcomm (satellite)

Orbcomm satellites are low Earth orbit communications satellites, operated by the United States satellite communications company Orbcomm As of Jan 2013, 45 such satellites have orbited Earth, with 44 still continuing to do so.
Satellite types.
Orbcomm-CDS.
Orbcomm-CDS (Concept or Capability Demonstration Satellites) are spacecraft which were launched to test equipment and communication techniques used by the other satellites. The first three CDS satellites, Orbcomm-X, CDS-1 and CDS-2, were launched before any operational satellites, in order to validate the systems to be used in the operational constellation.
Orbcomm-X, also known as Datacomm-X, was launched in 1991. It carried communications and GPS experiments. Initially, the spacecraft was reported healthy, but communication was lost after just one orbit.
CDS-3 was launched in 2008, along with the 5 Quick Launch satellites. It contained experiments for relaying signals from the United States Coast Guard Automatic Identification System through the satellite constellation. It was designated Orbcomm FM-29, having most of the communications payload from an unlaunched satellite. The avionics bus to that satellites later became TacSat-1.
Orbcomm-OG1.
Orbcomm-1 satellites make up most of the current Orbcomm constellation. 36 were built, of which 35 were launched, and one more, Orbcomm FM-29, was rebuilt as TacSat-1 for the United States military.
Orbcomm-QL.
Orbcomm Quick Launch (QL) satellites are satellites which were intended to replenish the constellation. The first five such satellites were launched in 2008, with one more planned, but never launched. The satellites are based on the CDS-3 satellite, which was launched on the same rocket as the first five QL spacecraft. The sixth will be launched as a secondary payload to a Russian Government satellite, also on a Kosmos-3M. Orbcomm holds options for two further satellites.
The satellites experienced a power system anomaly, and Orbcomm filed an insurance claim on the satellites for $50 million. Orbcomm reported in 2011 that the last remaining Quick Launch satellite had failed.
Orbcomm-OG2.
Orbcomm Generation 2 (OG2) satellites are intended to supplement and eventually replace the current first generation constellation. Eighteen satellites have been ordered, and are planned to be launched in three groups of six between 2010 and 2014. Orbcomm has options for a further thirty OG2 spacecraft. The satellites will be launched by SpaceX on the Falcon 9 launch system. Originally, the were to launch on the smaller Falcon 1e rocket.
The first of these satellites was launched on 7 October 2012 as secondary payload on a SpaceX Falcon 9 flight. The primary payload was for NASA to the ISS. On this launch the Falcon 9 had a failure in one of its nine first stage engines 79 seconds after liftoff from Cape Canaveral, Florida. This prevented the OG2 prototype satellite from being deployed into the proper orbit. The satellite functioned as planned during the short time it was in orbit. This allowed a subset of spacecraft systems to be flight-test validated. The orbit of the spacecraft was unable to be raised to a sustainable altitude due to contractual limitations put on SpaceX by the primary payload owner, NASA. Two days after its launch the OG2 prototype re-entered and burned up in Earth's atmosphere. Orbcomm is claiming the mission a total loss. 
The ORBCOMM OG2 satellites are being manufactured by an industry team led by Sierra Nevada Corp and Argon ST, a Boeing subsidiary. A total of 18 ORBCOMM next-generation OG2 satellites were in production . ORBCOMM OG2 satellites will provide enhanced ORBCOMM messaging capabilities, increased capacity, and automatic identification systems (AIS) service. ORBCOMM has reached an agreement with SpaceX to launch 18 satellites on its Falcon 9 rockets, for a cost of $42.6 million, by July 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19844680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844680" title="Panduro">
Panduro

Panduro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844706" title="Martin Malvy">
Martin Malvy

Martin Malvy (born 24 February 1936, in Paris) is a French politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party.
In 1992, he was the spokesmen of the French government. Between 1992 and 1993, he was Minister of Budget. He is president of the Région Midi-Pyrénées since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19844707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844707" title="Ambassador of China to Syria">
Ambassador of China to Syria

The Ambassador of the People's Republic of China to Syria is China's foremost diplomatic representative in Syria, and in charge of China's diplomatic mission in the Syria Arab Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19844727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844727" title="Louis Le Pensec">
Louis Le Pensec

Louis Le Pensec (born 8 January 1937, in Mellac, Finistère) is a French politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party. Between 1973 and 1997, he was a member of the Parliament. 
Since 27 September 1998, he is a Senator of Finistère.
From 1988 and 1991, he was the spokesmen of the French government. Between 1997 and 1998, he was Minister of Agriculture. He was also the minister for Overseas Territories.

</doc>
<doc id="19844729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844729" title="Prayer of St. John Gabriel Perboyre to Jesus">
Prayer of St. John Gabriel Perboyre to Jesus

Saint John Gabriel Perboyre, priest and martyr composed this prayer in the 19th century.
This transformational prayer builds towards Saint Paul's statement in Galatians 2:20: ""I live - now not I - But Christ lives in me"".

</doc>
<doc id="19844783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844783" title="Lovejoy (novel series)">
Lovejoy (novel series)

Lovejoy is a series of picaresque novels by John Grant (under the pen name Jonathan Gash) about the adventures of Lovejoy, a British antiques dealer and faker based in East Anglia. A less than scrupulous yet likeable rogue, Lovejoy has a reputation in the antiques trade as a "divvie" (possibly derived from "diviner" although several of the books question this), meaning one with an almost supernatural talent for recognising exceptional items as well as for distinguishing fakes or forgeries from genuine antiques. Lovejoy's first name is never mentioned in the books. In the TV series based on the novels, he insists on being addressed by all solely as "Lovejoy".
Television adaptation.
From 1986 to 1994 a television adaptation of the books was produced airing 73 episodes in total. The first series, aired in 1986, remained close to the books while from the second series onwards it began to develop its own identity.

</doc>
<doc id="19844794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844794" title="Scotland Yard vs. Dr. Mabuse">
Scotland Yard vs. Dr. Mabuse

Scotland Yard vs. Dr Mabuse ( and also known as "Scotland Yard Hunts Dr. Mabuse") is a 1963 German crime film directed by Paul May and starring Peter van Eyck.

</doc>
<doc id="19844820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844820" title="Peter Hunnigale">
Peter Hunnigale

Peter Hunnigale, also known as Mr. Honey Vibes (born 12 December 1960, South London, England) is a British reggae singer best known for his lovers rock releases.
Biography.
Hunnigale started his career as bass guitarist with the Vibes Corner Collective. In 1983, LGR Records issued his debut release as a singer, "Slipping Away", which was followed by "Got To Know You" on the Street Vibes label, a label that Hunnigale set up with Fitzroy Blake, who had also been a member of the Street Vibes 
Collective). He topped the UK reggae chart in 1987 with "Be My Lady", which was followed by his debut album, "In This Time". A string of hits followed, and he enjoyed another UK reggae number one with "Ragamuffin Girl", a combination single recorded with Tippa Irie. The single was also voted "Best British Reggae Record" by "Echoes" newspaper at the end of the year. He won a Best Newcomer award at the Celebrity Awards in 1987, and won Best British Reggae Album at the British Reggae Industry Awards the same year. The success of the single led to further combination work with Irie, including two albums - "The New Decade" on Island Records and "Done Cook and Currie" for 
Rebel MC's Tribal Base label. The latter was produced by Hunnigale and he also played all the instruments on it. He also recorded in Jamaica, with producers such as Gussie Clarke. Hunnigale's second solo album, "Mr. Vibes", followed in 1992. In 1993, he again linked up with Tippa irie for the "Shouting For The Gunners" single, a celebration of the football club that they both supported, Arsenal FC. 1994 saw Hunnigale moving in a more rootsy direction with "Mr. Government", recorded with Neil "Mad Professor" Fraser. Hunnigale again linked with Irie in 1995 for a version of "Declaration of Rights" recorded for his "Nah Give Up" compilation. "Nah Give Up" won the Best Reggae Album MOBO Award in 1996, one of several awards Hunnigale won during the mid-1990s. He also recorded duets with Dennis Brown ("Cupid"), Lloyd Brown ("Lonely Girl"), and Janet Lee Davis ("We Can Work It Out"). In 1996, Hunnigale performed at Jamaica's Reggae Sunsplash festival. Towards the end of 1996, Hunnigale performed as part of Passion, along with Glamma Kid and Nerious Joseph, spending eight weeks at number one in the UK reggae chart with "No Diggity".
Hunnigale also performed in the reggae musical, "Johnny Dollar".

</doc>
<doc id="19844833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844833" title="Evening/Morning">
Evening/Morning

"Evening/Morning" is the debut single from North London quartet Bombay Bicycle Club. The single was released through independent label: "Young and Lost Club" on 4 August 2008 and was made available as both a 7" vinyl and a Digital Download.
The track "Evening/Morning" was produced by Jim Abbiss and was recorded at The Garden studios in London, while the B side, "You Already Know", was produced, recorded and mixed by Neil MacColl and features vocals from Kathryn Williams. The single was released as a limited 7" vinyl on 8 March 2010 and also acted as the sixth and final single from the debut album.
Chart performance.
The original release of the single was released through an independent label and as such qualified to chart on the UK Indie Chart. The single did so on 14 August 2008 and reached a peak of number 14, but missed out on the UK Singles Chart itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19844876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844876" title="Alan Smithson">
Alan Smithson

Alan Smithson (1 December 1936–17 June 2010, Edinburgh, United Kingdom) was Bishop of Jarrow from 1990 to 2001.
He was educated at Bradford Grammar School and Queen's College, Oxford before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a curacy at Christ Church, Skipton after which he was Chaplain at his old college. Following this he was Vicar of Bracknell and later a Canon Residentiary at Carlisle Cathedral before being elevated to the Episcopate. In retirement he served the Diocese of Edinburgh as an Assistant Bishop. He was also National Chaplain to the Church Lads' and Church Girls' Brigade from 1992-2006 where he was much loved.
Controversy.
In 1998, he contributed to the defence in a court case where the accused was the Rev. Michael Golightly on a charge of attempted murder against his wife Enid. Enid was subjected to an attack with a hammer to the side of her head whilst asleep, and was left for some hours by Golightly with a severe brain injury. There was no evidence of forced entry and Golightly did not call an ambulance until late in the afternoon. 
Before the trial, Bishop Smithson had succeeded in getting bail for the accused, who stayed with monks at Lindisfarne. During the trial he stated that the accused was an upstanding clergyman and it was not in his nature to carry out such an act; his submission was opposed by Enid Golightly's family. The victim refused to give evidence for the prosecution. Michael Golightly was sentenced to five years' imprisonment for causing grievous bodily harm with intent. 
After the trial, Enid Golightly lived in Durham, disabled and in poverty, until Michael was released. Re-united, they subsequently moved to the Hull area.

</doc>
<doc id="19844887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844887" title="Abens">
Abens

The Abens is a river in Bavaria, Germany, and a right-bank tributary of the Danube. Its source is near Au in der Hallertau. Some 76 km long, it flows generally northward through the small towns of Au in der Hallertau, Rudelzhausen, Mainburg, Siegenburg, and Abensberg. It empties into the Danube at Eining, part of Neustadt an der Donau.

</doc>
<doc id="19844889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844889" title="Harpal Singh Panwar">
Harpal Singh Panwar

Harpal Panwar (born 1 June 1945) is an Indian politician. He was born in the village of Nala in the Muzaffarnagar district. He was a Member of Indian Parliament (specifically Lok Sabha) for two terms in 1989 and 1991, and has served as the Minister of Rural Development. He is a well known leader of western Uttar Pradesh, where he has been involved in various movements of farmers.
Mr. Harpal Panwar was appointed Vice-Chairman of the Council for Advancement of People's Action & Rural Technology (CAPART). He is also the current vice-president of the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee (UPCC).

</doc>
<doc id="19844891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844891" title="Saw VI">
Saw VI

Saw VI is a 2009 Canadian-American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan. It is the sixth installment in the seven–part "Saw" franchise and stars Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Betsy Russell, Mark Rolston, Peter Outerbridge, and Shawnee Smith. It was produced by Mark Burg and Oren Koules of Twisted Pictures and distributed by Lionsgate.
"Saw VI" concludes the second trilogy of the series that focused on the posthumous effects of the Jigsaw Killer and the progression of his successor, Mark Hoffman. In the film, Hoffman sets a series of traps for an insurance executive, William Easton, and his employees. Meanwhile the FBI trails Peter Strahm, now suspected of being Jigsaw's last accomplice, and Hoffman is drawn into motion to protect his secret identity.
Greutert, who served as editor for all the previous "Saw" films, made his directorial debut with "Saw VI". Melton and Dunstan, the writers for both "Saw IV" and "V", returned to write the screenplay and Charlie Clouser, who provided the score for all previous "Saw" films, composed the score. Filming took place in Toronto from March to May 2009 with a budget of $11 million.
The film was released in New Zealand and Australia on October 22, 2009, and October 23 in the United States and Canada. In Spain it was the first film to receive a Película X rating for violence (a rating usually reserved for pornographic films); the rating restricted screenings to eight select theaters in that country. It was released almost a year later on October 8, 2010 in Spain with an "18" rating, after the producers had the offensive content edited out, according to the rating board. With gross receipts of $14 million in its opening weekend, "Saw VI" placed second to "Paranormal Activity" $21 million. "Saw VI" went on to gross over $68 million worldwide, the lowest-grossing "Saw" film to date, but still a financial success compared to its small budget. Reviews were mixed, with some criticizing the acting and others praising Greutert's directing.
Plot.
Simone (Tanedra Howard) and Eddie (Marty Moreau), two predatory lenders, awaken wearing head harnesses with screws poised to pierce their temples. A videotape informs them that the one who sets more flesh weight on their tray of the caged-in scale will survive: Eddie cuts fat from his torso, but Simone chops off her left arm, leaving Eddie to be killed by the screws. Detective Mark Hoffman (Costas Mandylor) is called to the scene by FBI Agent Dan Erickson (Mark Rolston), who found Peter Strahm's fingerprints around the room. Erickson reveals that Agent Lindsey Perez (Athena Karkanis) is still alive: because the identity of Jigsaw's second accomplice was still unknown, Erickson had her survival kept secret to protect her.
At the hospital, Hoffman is met by reporter Pamela Jenkins (Samantha Lemole), who claims to have found something at the meatpacking plant, but brushes her off to meet with Simone, who is embittered by her experience and the loss of her arm. Hoffman then meets with Jill Tuck (Betsy Russell) at her clinic and informs her that he is taking control of the games, and Jill gives him five envelopes containing photographs of people to be tested, left to her in the box from John Kramer's (Tobin Bell) will. A flashback shows that John previously brought Amanda Young (Shawnee Smith) to Jill, who had declared her a lost cause, as proof that his methods worked. Later, as she delivers a package to the hospital, it is shown that Jill met with John at the plant hours before his death, where he gave her the box's key and his promise that she would have a way out.
William Easton (Peter Outerbridge), a health insurance executive, meets with his company's attorney, Debbie (Caroline Cave), about a man named Harold Abbott (George Newbern), who died from an illness after his insurance policy was revoked due to an application discrepancy. He is kidnapped from his office that night and brought to an abandoned zoo, awakening in a vise designed to tighten around his torso each time he breathes into the oxygen respirator strapped to his face. Hank (Gerry Mendicino), his janitor and a smoker, is in the same trap across from him. A videotape of John tells William that he has one hour to undergo four tests to remove bombs from his limbs, or he will lose his family. He is able to hold his breath longer than Hank, who is killed by the vise. In his next test, William finds Addy and Allen (Janelle Hutchison and Shawn Ahmed), his secretary and file clerk, held atop retractable platforms by barbed wire nooses. The two are opposites: Addy is elderly and diabetic but has a large, loving family, while Allen is young and healthy but alone in the world. William must choose to save one: he chooses to save Addy even though his policy favors Allen, who is hanged to death. In his third test, William must guide Debbie through a boiler room maze in ninety seconds by redirecting jets of steam onto himself. He succeeds, only to discover that the key to her device is stitched into his side; she attacks him with a saw, but is killed when the device fires a spear through her head. In his final test, William finds his six staff members chained to a spinning carousel. A shotgun is set to fire at them one by one, but he can save two by pushing a button to drive a spike into his hand to divert the shotgun. He reluctantly chooses to save Emily (Larissa Gomes) and Shelby (Karen Cliche).
His tests are viewed by Brent and Tara (Devon Bostick and Shauna MacDonald), who awaken in a cage below the observation room. Pamela awakens in another cage on the other side. Throughout the tests, flashbacks show that William and John met at the opening of Jill's clinic and John immediately found fault with William's methods, which essentially allow him to choose who gets coverage. John later went to William for coverage for a Norwegian cancer treatment, but was denied. Meanwhile, Hoffman is called away by Erickson, who informs him that the videotape for Seth Baxter was discovered, but the voice did not match Jigsaw's. The agents bring Hoffman to the site where a technician is unscrambling the voice, where Erickson tells Hoffman that abnormalities found in Strahm's fingerprints revealed to the agents that Strahm was dead. Hoffman's voice is unscrambled by the technician, at which point he kills everyone in the room and plants fingerprints using Strahm's severed hand before setting the room on fire to destroy the evidence.
Upon returning to the observation room, Hoffman finds the letter he had written to Amanda to blackmail her into killing Lynn Denlon, using the knowledge that Amanda had an unintentional role in Jill's miscarriage. The letter was found by Pamela at the plant and given to Jill, who uses it to ambush Hoffman with an electric shock from behind just as William reaches the end of his path and finds himself between the cages, where it is revealed that Pamela is William's sister while Tara and Brent are Harold's surviving family. A videotape of John informs Tara that she can either kill William or free him using a marked switch. When Tara is unable to do so, Brent shifts the switch down and a platform of needles swings down and pierces William's body, killing him by pumping hydrofluoric acid into his body. Jill restrains Hoffman and locks a new reverse bear-trap to his head, and then shows him the sixth envelope, which contained "his" photograph. She leaves him with 45 seconds but no key; he escapes his restraints by breaking his hand and escapes the trap by lodging it between the door's window bars, screaming as his right cheek is torn open.
Production.
Development and writing.
On Bloody Disgusting reported that Kevin Greutert, the editor of the first five films in the franchise, would make his directorial debut with "Saw VI". Newcomer to the series, Andrew Coutts replaced him as editor for the film. "Saw VI" marked David Armstrong's last time to serve as cinematographer of the series. Mark Burg and Oren Koules again served as producers, with James Wan and Leigh Whannell, creators of the series, executive producing. Charlie Clouser was brought back to compose the score. Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan, writers of "Saw IV" and "Saw V", returned to write the sixth installment. Melton said that the film had good pacing and a resolution for the series. Greutert commented that "Saw VI" would have some finality to it, something he always wanted to see in the series. During the early planning stage for the script it was suggested that Mandylor's character, Detective Hoffman, should take on the mafia, but the idea was quickly dismissed as not "feeling "Saw" enough". Greutert said in a Demon FM interview that Lionsgate told him a week before filming, that "Saw VI" would be post-converted into 3-D. Greutert was upset by this, since the film he envisioned was a 2D film, aesthetically. The plans were later abandoned due to time restraints.
Casting.
On July 26, 2007 before "Saw IV" was released, CraveOnline's horror website ShockTilYouDrop.com announced that Costas Mandylor would sign-on to appear as Mark Hoffman in "Saw V" and "Saw VI". Mandylor commented on his character: "Hoffman is sort of torn of becoming a mad man or becoming a guy that's more composed, coming from a pure place like Jigsaw. That's my character's dilemma; does he go fucking crazy or follow the rules of the boss?" Greutert said in an interview with Bloody Disgusting that "Saw VI" would have the most characters of any "Saw" film to date but reassured the writers would stay true to previous storylines to prevent any "violations of logic and chronology". A TV reality show called "Scream Queens" aired in 2008 on VH1, in which 10 unknown actresses competed for a "breakout" role in "Saw VI". Unknown actress Tanedra Howard won the role. Lionsgate made a public statement ensuring her a leading role in the film but did not elaborate further on her character.
It was confirmed on March 24, 2009 that Shawnee Smith would return as Amanda Young. Newly filmed "flashback" scenes would be created instead of using archive footage from previous entries, as had been done in the films since her character's death in "Saw III". On April 19 it was announced that James Van Patten would return as Dr. Heffner, a character featured in the opening scene of the fourth installment performing the autopsy on John Kramer/Jigsaw. Peter Outerbridge was cast as a new character, William, and Tobin Bell, Betsy Russell, and Mark Rolston returned as their characters John Kramer/Jigsaw, Jill Tuck, and Special Agent Erickson, respectively. Russell commented about her character: "You find out a little more about if Jill is good or evil. Pretty much you'll know." Greutert wanted to bring Cary Elwes's character Dr. Gordon back but Elwes was not available. He was later cast in "Saw 3D", though the storyline is very different than the one Greutert had for him in "Saw VI".
Filming and trap designs.
With a budget of $11 million, "Saw VI" began principal photography on March 30, 2009 and wrapped on May 13, 2009. The film was shot at Toronto's Cinespace Film Studios. Greutert said that the victims in traps would be more one-on-one with the trap and would be more personal to them. This was compared to "Saw IV" and "V", which most of the traps were set in big rooms and involved several people at one time.
Armstrong told Bloody Disgusting reviewer Mike Pereira that he thinks "visually" "Saw VI" might be his favorite, saying "We're kind of pulling back a little bit in the color palette. It's going to be more suggestive and not so vibrant, in your face like "III" and "IV". It's more neutral and shows natural flesh tones. On "Saw V", I pulled back a little bit and on this one, I pulled back even more." He commented that the "steam room" trap was the "best looking" of them all. He went on to say, "It's big and expensive. It's got furnaces, fires and steam. It's multi-leveled. The most complex "Saw". We had techno cranes flying through. It was pretty amazing." Commenting on the "carousel room" trap Armstrong said: "It's very carnival, playground-like. It's just nasty. are spinning red lights in there. It's really overwhelming to walk in and look at because everything is spinning." Greutert said in an issue of the horror magazine "Fangoria" that the "carousel room" was, to date, the "longest trap scene ever". He admitted that originally they had ten actors riding the carousel, but it was ultimately scaled down to six, to "tie in to the [film's] title". Post-production services were provided by Deluxe.
Soundtrack.
"Saw VI: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" includes music by the bands Every Time I Die, Chimaira, Suicide Silence, Nitzer Ebb, Mushroomhead and Lacuna Coil among others. The soundtrack includes 18 tracks separated by 3 parts, each with six songs and includes 3 bonus tracks. It was released on October 20, 2009 through Trustkill Records. James Christopher Monger of Allmusic praised the use of hard rock and heavy metal music, something that had been missing since "Saw IV". He said in his review that "It's a fitting marriage, as hard rock and heavy metal are the sonic suitors to horror and torture porn films and video games". He particularly liked the songs by Hatebreed ("In Ashes They Shall Reap"), Converge ("Dark Horse"), My My Misfire ("The Sinatra"), and Kittie ("Cut Throat"), calling the songs the "most ferocious moments this time around".
Release.
"Saw VI" was released on in Australia and New Zealand, a day earlier than the Canada, United States, and United Kingdom release. Most of the film's stars attended the Lionsgate annual "red carpet" event for the film at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, California. The Motion Picture Association of America gave the film an R rating without much content having to be edited. In Spain the film was rated with a Película X rating for extreme violence, and restricted screenings to only eight adult movie theaters in that region. Buenavista, the film's foreign distributor, appealed the decision. After producers cut several of the "most violent scenes" to obtain a "not under 18" rating, it will be released in Spain on October 8, 2010.
Home media.
The DVD and Blu-ray Disc were released in three editions on January 26, 2010: an "R-rated Theatrical Full Screen Edition", an "Unrated Director's Cut Widescreen Edition", and an "Unrated Director's cut Blu-ray Disc"—as well as a digital download. The release includes an additional scene after the credits roll, featurettes about Jigsaw, the traps, and the Halloween Horror Nights "Saw: Game Over" maze. Music videos by Memphis May Fire, Hatebreed, Mushroomhead, and Suicide Silence were included with all editions. The Director's Cut included two commentary tracks, one with director Kevin Greutert and writers Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan, and the other featuring producer Mark Burg and executive producers Peter Block and Jason Constantine. During its initial release, all three editions came in a "2-Movie Set", which was bundled with the first film with the original bonus features from the initial release. The film is now sold by itself without the original "Saw". According to The Numbers.com, which only counts DVD sales in the United States, "Saw VI" placed number three its first week on the DVD sales chart, selling 220,107 units ($2,766,088) in the United States. In comparison, "Saw V" sold 515,095 units ($11,326,939) its first week. In the first three weeks "Saw VI" sold 443,710 units for $7,587,396.
Reception.
Box office.
"Saw VI" opened in 3,036 theaters on 4,000 screens and earned $6.9 million on its opening day, in second place behind "Paranormal Activity" which grossed $7.5 million that day during its second weekend of wide release. It grossed $14.1 million its opening weekend, which is the lowest of all the "Saw" films. It remained at number two behind "Paranormal Activity" which was playing on only 64% as many screens as "Saw VI", but made 67% more money.
On Halloween weekend, it moved down to number six and made $5.2 million, a 63% decrease in ticket sales from the previous weekend. By its third weekend it declined in sales by 61% and was removed from 945 theaters. It fell into 11th place with $2 million. By its fourth weekend, ticket sales declined by 78% and the film was pulled from 1,314 theaters; it made $449,512. On its fifth and final weekend it made $91,875, an 80% decrease, and it was pulled from an additional 599 theaters. It was being shown in 178 theaters by the end of its run. The film closed out of theaters on , after only 35 days.
"Saw VI" began its international run in tenth place with $4.7 million on 946 screens in 11 markets. It opened in the United Kingdom in second place behind "Up", grossing $2.6 million on 375 screens. In Australia, it opened at fourth place with earnings of $846,000 on 164 screens. In its second week it came in eighth place with $4.4 million on 1,229 screens in 20 markets for a total of $11.8 million. The film opened in third place in Russia with $1.1 million on 273 screens while it fell to fourth place in the United Kingdom with $1.5 million on 381 screens over the weekend for a total of $6.1 million. "Saw VI" was released in Spain on and grossed $1.2 million on its opening weekend in 211 theaters. The film has come to gross $27.6 million in the United States and Canada, and $40.5 million in other markets, for a worldwide total of $68.2 million; making it the lowest-grossing film of the series.
Critical response.
"Saw VI" was not screened in advance for critics. The film received mixed reviews from film critics, and garnered the second best critical reception out of the series, after "Saw" (2004). Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reports that 40% of 62 critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 4.4 out of 10. Metacritic, which assigns a normalized score out of 100 to reviews from film critics, gives the film a rating score of 30, based on 12 reviews. CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was a "C" on an A+ to F scale.
Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" said that ""Saw VI" is the thinnest, draggiest, and most tediously preachy of the "Saw" films. It's the first one that's more or less consumed by backstory—which is to say, it's one of those hollow franchise placeholders in which far too many fragments from the previous sequels keep popping up in flashbacks." He said, "If your goal is to do a quick study for a round of "Saw" Trivial Pursuit, then this may be the movie for you. If you're looking to be jolted into fear or queasy laughter, skip this sequel and hope that the producers get their sick act together next time." Rob Nelson of "Variety" wrote, "Squeezing another pint of blood from its torture-porn corpus, Lionsgate slays again with "Saw VI", a film so frighteningly familiar it could well be called 'Saw It Already'. At least the requisite moralism is more playful than pious in this edition", but added, "Presumably owing to director Kevin Greutert's work as editor of all five previous "Saw" pics, the film's juggling of chronology is the franchise's best..." Christopher Monfette of IGN Movies rated "Saw VI" three out of five and wrote that "while "Saw VI" certainly offers a redemption for the series and the promise of a coming power struggle for Jigsaw's legacy, "Saw VII" will no doubt mark the time to either shake things up or watch this franchise get the ax".
Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" said, "If this is torture porn, it's as if it was designed to be enjoyed by Michael Moore." He closed his review saying, "As usual, what gives the film whatever interest it has -- beyond satisfying the rapacious appetites of gore aficionados -- is the moral element attached to the various Rube Goldberg-style set pieces. Here, it's exemplified by a well-staged sequence in which a man must choose who lives or dies during a particularly lethal variation of musical chairs." Roger Moore of "Orlando Sentinel" gave the film two out of five stars. He said the script "has a more lyrical bent, and a more satiric bite, than any of the other "Saw" sequels" and called the acting "perfunctory on most fronts". Robert Abele of the "Los Angeles Times" gave the film a negative review, writing "But, really, do reformers and victims of callous health insurers really want a guy with a penchant for elaborately constructed death panels of his own to be their advocate? Elsewhere, the usual critiques apply: terrible acting, zero suspense, laughable logic and the promise of another one next year. How can we get this policy canceled?" Chris Hewitt of the "St. Paul Pioneer Press" gave the film a negative review. He was displeased that the film offered nothing new saying, "The first three "Saw" movies had some intriguing ideas and an unusual way of presenting them, but the three most recent films have barely bothered to come up with anything fresh." Kim Newman of "Empire" gave the film three out of five, stating ""Saw VI" gets back to "Saw" basics in gripping, gruesome manner."
Wesley Morris of "The Boston Globe" gave the film a two and half out of four stars saying, "Who knew that the franchise's creators would eventually find a plot twist that made sense? Who knew they’d realize that Tobin Bell's righteous killer had current-events value? Given our cable-news climate, it's not beyond imagining that John Kramer could have his own populist TV show: 'Jigsaw's Death Panel'?". Blake French of AMC Filmcritic gave the film three and a half out of five, writing, "Director Kevin Greutert hasn't helmed a lot of films in the past, but he did edit all of the previous "Saw"s. As it turns out, his mastered craft lends well to directing. He spins a taut, tight, concise web of terror and surprise. The best entry in the series since "Saw II."" Brad Miska of Bloody Disgusting gave the film seven out of ten and wrote ""Saw VI" is faithful to the franchise and the twist/finale are 100% satisfying. "Saw" fans will walk out of the theater with their fists in the air with the feeling that they've reclaimed their beloved franchise." Marc Savlov of "Austin Chronicle" gave the film one and half out of five stars, saying "Enshrouding the whole gooey mess in the already blood-spattered surgical garb of the ongoing health care debate is a crafty move on the screenwriters' part, but once you get past that pseudo-ironic touch, this Saw is no more or less disturbing than any other in the series".

</doc>
<doc id="19844906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844906" title="International Space Station program">
International Space Station program

The International Space Station program is tied together by a complex set of legal, political and financial agreements between the fifteen nations involved in the project, governing ownership of the various components, rights to crewing and utilisation, and responsibilities for crew rotation and station resupply. These agreements tie together the five space agencies and their respective International Space Station Programs and govern how they interact with each other on a daily basis to maintain station operations, from traffic control of spacecraft to and from the station, to utilization of space and crew time. In spring 2010, the International Space Station Program Managers from each of the five partner agencies were presented with Aviation Week's Laureate Award in the Space category, and NASA's International Space Station Program was awarded the 2009 Collier Trophy.
Legal aspects.
1998 Agreement.
The legal structure that regulates the space station is multi-layered. The primary layer establishing obligations and rights between the ISS partners is the Space Station Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA), an international treaty signed on January 28, 1998 by fifteen governments involved in the Space Station project. The ISS consists of Canada, Japan, the Russian Federation, the United States, and eleven Member States of the European Space Agency (Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom). Article 1 outlines its purpose:
"This Agreement is a long term international co-operative framework on the basis of genuine partnership, for the detailed design, development, operation, and utilisation of a permanently inhabited civil Space Station for peaceful purposes, in accordance with international law".
The IGA sets the stage for a second layer of agreements between the partners referred to as 'Memoranda of Understanding' (MOUs), of which four exist between NASA and each of the four other partners. There are no MOUs between ESA, Roskosmos, CSA and JAXA because NASA is the designated "manager" of the ISS. The MOUs are used to describe the roles and responsibilities of the partners in more detail.
A third layer consists of bartered contractual agreements or the trading of the partners' rights and duties, including the 2005 commercial framework agreement between NASA and Roskosmos that sets forth the terms and conditions under which NASA purchases seats on Soyuz crew transporters and cargo capacity on unmanned Progress transporters.
A fourth legal layer of agreements implements and supplements the four MOUs further. Notably among them is the ISS code of conduct, setting out criminal jurisdiction, anti-harassment and certain other behavior rules for ISS crewmembers.
made in 1998.
Utilization.
There is no fixed percentage of ownership for the whole space station. Rather, Article 5 of the IGA sets forth that "each partner shall retain jurisdiction and control over the elements it registers and over personnel in or on the Space Station who are its nationals". Therefore, for each ISS module only one partner retains sole ownership. Still, the agreements to use the space station facilities are more complex.
The three planned Russian segments Zvezda, the Multipurpose Laboratory Module and the Docking Cargo Modules are made and owned by Russia, which, as of today, also retains its current and prospective usage (Zarya, although designed, constructed and launched by Russia, has been partly paid for by NASA). In order to use the Russian parts of the station, the partners use bilateral agreements (third and fourth layer of the above outlined legal structure). The rest of the station, (the U.S., the European and Japanese pressurized modules as well as the truss and solar panel structure and the two robotic arms) has been agreed to be utilized as follows (% refers to time that each structure may be used by each partner):
Program operations.
Expeditions.
Long duration flights to the International Space Station are broken into expeditions. Expeditions have an average duration of half a year, and they commence following the official handover of the station from one Expedition commander to another. Expeditions 1 through 6 consisted of three person crews, but the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster led to a reduction to two crew members for Expeditions 7 to 12. Expedition 13 saw the restoration of the station crew to three. While only three crew members are permanently on the station, several expeditions, such as Expedition 16, have consisted of up to six astronauts or cosmonauts. Only 3 members were active at any given time, one of the 'seats' was rotated out during separate flights.
STS-115 expanded of the living volume and capabilities of the station so that it could host a crew of six. Expedition 20 was the first ISS crew of this size. Expedition 20's crew was lifted to the station in two separate Soyuz-TMA flights launched at two different times (each Soyuz-TMA can hold only three people): Soyuz TMA-14 on 26 March 2009 and Soyuz TMA-15 on 27 May 2009. However, the station would not be permanently occupied by six crew members all year. For example, when the Expedition 20 crew (Roman Romanenko, Frank De Winne and Bob Thirsk) returned to Earth in November 2009, for a period of about two weeks only two crew members (Jeff Williams and Max Surayev) were aboard. This increased to five in early December, when Oleg Kotov, Timothy Creamer and Soichi Noguchi arrived on Soyuz TMA-17. It decreased to three when Williams and Surayev departed in March 2010, and finally returned to six in April 2010 with the arrival of Soyuz TMA-18, carrying Aleksandr Skvortsov, Mikhail Korniyenko and Tracy Caldwell Dyson.
The International Space Station is the most-visited spacecraft in the history of space flight. , it had had 266 visitors (185 different people). "Mir" had 137 visitors (104 different people).
Visiting spacecraft.
Spacecraft from four different space agencies visit the ISS, serving a variety of purposes. The Automated Transfer Vehicle from the European Space Agency, the Russian Roskosmos Progress spacecraft and the H-II Transfer Vehicle from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency have provided resupply services to the station. In addition, Russia supplies a Soyuz spacecraft used for crew rotation and emergency evacuation, which is replaced every six months. Finally, the US serviced the ISS through its Space Shuttle program, providing resupply missions, assembly and logistics flights, and crew rotation until the program was retired in 2011.
Space X was the first private company to resupply the ISS in October 8, 2012.
The availability of docking ports on the station, and traffic from four different agencies and launch sites must be coordinated. Spacecraft launches can see delays while waiting for traffic to clear A particular tight traffic jam occurred during the latch of ESA's Jules Verne Automated Transfer Vehicle in spring 2008. The cargo ship launched 2 day prior to STS-123, and had to wait in a holding orbit performing system tests while waiting for the shuttle to clear the station.
, there have been 20 Soyuz, 35 Progress, 1 ATV, 1 HTV and 31 Space Shuttle flights to the station. Expeditions require, on average, 2,722 kg of supplies, and , crews had consumed a total of around 19,000 meals. Soyuz crew rotation flights and Progress resupply flights visit the station on average two and three times respectively each year, with the ATV and HTV planned to visit annually from 2010 onwards.
, there were three spacecraft docked with the ISS:
Mission control centers.
The components of the ISS are operated and monitored by their respective space agencies at control centers across the globe, including:
Commercial Orbital Transportation Services.
On January 18, 2006 NASA announced "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services" programme. NASA has suggested that "Commercial services to ISS will be necessary through at least 2015." Instead of flying payloads to ISS on government-operated vehicles, NASA would spend $500 million (less than the cost of a single Space Shuttle flight) through 2010 to finance the demonstration of orbital transportation services from commercial providers.
COTS must be distinguished from the related Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) program. COTS relates to the development of the vehicles, CRS to the actual deliveries. COTS involves a number of Space Act Agreements, with NASA providing milestone-based payments.
On December 23, 2008, NASA entered into CRS contracts with Orbital Sciences and SpaceX to utilize their COTS cargo vehicles—Cygnus and Dragon, respectively—for cargo delivery to the International Space Station.
Constellation Program.
Constellation Program, a human spaceflight program, was developed by NASA. On February 1, 2010, President Barack Obama announced a proposal to cancel the program effective with the U.S. 2011 fiscal year budget, but later announced changes to the proposal in a major space policy speech at Kennedy Space Center on April 15, 2010, which including reviving the Orion capsule for use as a rescue spacecraft for ISS.
Future of the ISS.
Former NASA Administrator Michael D. Griffin says the International Space Station has a role to play as NASA moves forward with a new focus for the manned space programme, which is to go out beyond Earth orbit for purposes of human exploration and scientific discovery. "The International Space Station is now a stepping stone on the way, rather than being the end of the line," Griffin said. Griffin has said that station crews will not only continue to learn how to live and work in space, but also will learn how to build hardware that can survive and function for the years required to make the round-trip voyage from Earth to Mars.
Despite this view, however, in an internal e-mail leaked to the press on 18 August 2008 from Griffin to NASA managers, Griffin apparently communicated his belief that the current US administration had made no viable plan for US crews to participate in the ISS beyond 2011, and that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) were actually seeking its demise. The e-mail appeared to suggest that Griffin believed the only reasonable solution was to extend the operation of the space shuttle beyond 2010, but noted that Executive Policy (i.e. the White House) was firm that there will be no extension of the space shuttle retirement date, and thus no US capability to launch crews into orbit until the Ares I/Orion system becomes operational in 2014, at the earliest. He did not see purchase of Russian launches for NASA crews as politically viable following the 2008 South Ossetia war, and hoped the incoming Barack Obama administration would resolve the issue in 2009 by extending space shuttle operations beyond 2010.
A solicitation issued by NASA JSC indicates NASA's intent to purchase from Roscosmos "a minimum of 3 Soyuz seats up to a maximum of 24 seats beginning in the Spring of 2012" to provide ISS crew transportation.
On 7 September 2008, NASA released a statement regarding the leaked email, in which Griffin said: 
On 15 October 2008, President Bush signed the NASA Authorization Act of 2008, giving NASA funding for one additional mission to "deliver science experiments to the station". The Act allows for an additional space shuttle flight, STS-134, to the ISS to install the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer, which was previously cancelled.
President Barack Obama has supported the continued operation of the station, and supported the NASA Authorization Act of 2008. Obama's plan for space exploration includes finishing the station and completion of the "Orion" spacecraft programme.
New partners.
China has reportedly expressed interest in the project, especially if it would be able to work with the RKA. However, China is not involved because of US objections.
The heads of both the South Korean and Indian space agencies announced at the first plenary session of the 2009 International Astronautical Congress on 12 October that their nations intend to join the ISS program. The talks are due to begin in 2010. The heads of agency also expressed support for extending ISS lifetime. European countries not a part of the International Space Station program will be allowed access to the station in a three-year trial period, ESA officials say.
Costs.
The most cited figure of an estimate of overall costs of the ISS ranges from 35 billion to 160 billion USD. ESA, the only agency actually stating potential overall costs on its website, estimates €100 billion. Giving a precise cost estimate for the ISS is not straightforward, as it is difficult to determine which costs should actually be contributed to the ISS program, or how the Russian contribution should be measured.
NASA.
The overall majority of costs for NASA are incurred by flight operations and expenses for the overall management of the ISS. Costs for initially building the U.S. portion of the ISS modules and external structure on the ground and construction in space as well as crew and supply flights to the ISS do account for far less than the general operating costs "(see annual budget allocation below)".
NASA does not include the basic Space Shuttle program costs in the expenses incurred for the ISS program, despite the fact that the Space Shuttle has been nearly exclusively used for ISS construction and supply flights since December 1998.
Proper NASA accounting would include the costs of the original Space Station Freedom program ($20 billion), plus the full/extended costs of all 37 Space Shuttle construction/maintenance missions ($55 billion)..
NASA's 2007 budget request lists costs for the ISS (without Shuttle costs) as $25.6 billion for the years 1994 to 2005. For each of 2005 and 2006 about $1.7 to 1.8 billion are allocated to the ISS program. The annual expenses will increase until 2010 when they will reach $2.3 billion and should then stay at the same level, however inflation-adjusted, until 2016, the defined end of the program. NASA has allocated between $300 and 500 million for program shutdown costs in 2017.
2005 ISS budget allocation.
The $1.8 billion expensed in 2005 consisted of:
Shuttle costs as part of ISS costs.
Only costs for mission and mission integration and launch site processing for the 33 ISS-related Shuttle flights are included in NASA's ISS program costs. Basic costs of the Shuttle program are, as mentioned above, not considered part of the overall ISS costs by NASA, because the Shuttle program is considered an independent program aside from the ISS. Since December 1998 the Shuttle has, however, been used nearly exclusively for ISS flights (since the first ISS flight in December 1998, until October 2007 only 5 flights out of 28 flights have not been to the ISS, and only the planned Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission in 2009 will not be ISS-related out of 13 planned missions until the end of the Space Shuttle program in 2010).
Post-Shuttle ISS supply & costs.
The Space Shuttle was retired from service upon the conclusion of Atlantis' final flight on July 21, 2011. NASA was reliant even at the time on some of the resupply contracts being fielded out to Soyuz and Progress and the other unmanned tugs, but it had launched a few years earlier into a program of aggressive development of commercial US resupply vehicles. At the beginning of 2014 both SpaceX's Dragon and Orbital's Cygnus vehicles have fulfilled commercial resupply contracts, and NASA will be shifting to full-time reliance on these, and possibly in the medium-term future SNC's Dream Chaser and the NASA-developed Orion capsule.
On January 8, 2014, the White House announced that the ISS was having its funding extended from an outlook that ended in 2020 to at least 2024. An estimate was issued that it would cost $3B/year for 2012-2024, a substantial share of NASA's then-$17B budget.
ESA.
ESA calculates that its contribution over the 15 year lifetime of the project will be €9 billion. Just the costs for the Columbus Laboratory tops more than €1.4 billion (about $2.1 billion), including the money spent on the ground control infrastructure known as Columbus Control Center to operate it. The total development costs for ATV amount to approximately €1.35 billion and considering that each Ariane 5 launch costs around €150 million, each ATV launch will incur considerable costs as well.
The ISS has been far more expensive than originally anticipated. The ESA estimates the overall cost from the start of the project in the early 1990s to the prospective end in 2017 to be in the region of €100 billion ($157 billion or £65.3 billion).
JAXA.
The development of the Japanese Experiment Module, JAXA's main contribution to the ISS, has cost about 325 billion yen (about $2.8 billion). In the year 2005, JAXA allocated about 40 billion yen (about 350 million USD) to the ISS program. The annual running costs for Japanese Experiment Module will total around $350 to 400 million. In addition JAXA has committed itself to develop and launch the H-II Transfer Vehicle, for which development costs total nearly $1 billion. In total, over the 24 year lifespan of the ISS program, JAXA will contribute well over $10 billion to the ISS program.
Roskosmos.
A considerable part of the Russian Space Agency's budget is used for the ISS. Since 1998 there have been over two dozen Soyuz and Progress flights, the primary crew and cargo transporters since 2003. The question of how much Russia spends on the station (measured in USD), is, however, not easy to answer. The two modules currently in orbit are derivatives of the Mir program and therefore development costs are much lower than for other modules. In addition, the exchange rate between ruble and USD is not adequately giving a real comparison to what the costs for Russia really are.
CSA.
Canada, whose three main contributions to the ISS are the Canadarm2, the mobile base system, and Dextre (the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, also known as the Canada Hand), estimates that through the last 20 years it has contributed about C$1.4 billion to the ISS. Canada has continued to be a vital member of ISS through the past ten years and continues to play a major role in the ISS.
Criticism.
The International Space Station has been the target of varied criticism over the years. Critics contend that the time and money spent on the ISS could be better spent on other projects—whether they be robotic spacecraft missions, space exploration, investigations of problems here on Earth, or just tax savings. Some critics, like Robert L. Park, argue that very little scientific research was convincingly planned for the ISS in the first place. They also argue that the primary feature of a space-based laboratory is its microgravity environment, which can usually be studied more cheaply with a "vomit comet".
One of the most ambitious ISS projects to date, the Centrifuge Accommodations Module, has been cancelled due to the prohibitive costs NASA faces in simply completing the ISS. As a result, the research done on the ISS is generally limited to experiments which do not require any specialized apparatus. For example, in the first half of 2007, ISS research dealt primarily with human biological responses to being in space, covering topics like kidney stones, circadian rhythm, and the effects of cosmic rays on the nervous system.
Other critics have attacked the ISS on some technical design grounds:
In response to some of these criticisms, advocates of manned space exploration say that criticism of the ISS project is short-sighted, and that manned space research and exploration have produced billions of dollars' worth of tangible benefits to people on Earth. Jerome Schnee estimated that the indirect economic return from spin-offs of human space exploration has been many times the initial public investment. A review of the claims by the Federation of American Scientists argued that NASA's rate of return from spin-offs is actually "astoundingly bad", except for aeronautics work that has led to aircraft sales.
Critics also say that NASA is often casually credited with "spin-offs" (such as Velcro and portable computers) that were developed independently for other reasons. NASA maintains a list of spin-offs from the construction of the ISS, as well as from work performed on the ISS. However, NASA's official list is much narrower and more arcane than dramatic narratives of billions of dollars of spin-offs.
It is therefore debatable whether the ISS, as distinct from the wider space program, will be a major contributor to society. Some advocates argue that apart from its scientific value, it is an important example of international cooperation. Others claim that the ISS is an asset that, if properly leveraged, could allow more economical manned Lunar and Mars missions. Either way, advocates argue that it misses the point to expect a hard financial return from the ISS; rather, it is intended as part of a general expansion of spaceflight capabilities.
End of Mission.
In 2009, NASA had stated plans to end the ISS programme and deorbit the ISS in early 2016. This was in accordance with the then-President Bush's policy. President Obama announced new policy in 2010, extending the program through 2020.
All five ISS-participating space agencies had indicated in 2010 their desire to see the platform continue flying beyond 2015, but Europe struggled to agree on funding arrangements within its member states, until agreement was reached in March 2011. Russia and ISS partners in a 2011 statement said that work is being done to make sure other modules can be used beyond 2015. The first Russian module was launched in 1998, and the 30th anniversary of that module's launch has been chosen as a target date for certification of all components of the ISS.
According to a 2009 report, RKK Energia is considering methods to remove from the station some modules of the Russian Orbital Segment when the end of mission is reached and use them as a basis for a new station, known as the Orbital Piloted Assembly and Experiment Complex (OPSEK). The modules under consideration for removal from the current ISS include the Multipurpose Laboratory Module (MLM), currently scheduled to be launched in December 2013, with other Russian modules which are currently planned to be attached to the MLM until 2015. Neither the MLM nor any additional modules attached to it would have reached the end of their useful lives in 2016 or 2020. The report presents a statement from an unnamed Russian engineer who believes that, based on the experience from "Mir", a thirty-year life should be possible, except for micrometeorite damage, because the Russian modules have been built with on-orbit refurbishment in mind.
According to the Outer Space Treaty the United States is legally responsible for all modules it has launched. In ISS planning, NASA examined options including returning the station to Earth via shuttle missions (deemed too expensive, as the station(USOS) is not designed for disassembly and this would require at least 27 shuttle missions), natural orbital decay with random reentry similar to Skylab, boosting the station to a higher altitude (which would simply delay reentry) and a controlled targeted de-orbit to a remote ocean area.
The technical feasibility of a controlled targeted deorbit into a remote ocean was found to be possible only with Russia's assistance. At the time ISS was launched, the Russian Space Agency had experience from de-orbiting the Salyut 4, 5, 6, and 7 space stations, while NASA's first intentional controlled de-orbit of a satellite (the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory) would not occur for another two years. NASA currently has no spacecraft capable of de-orbiting the ISS at the time of decommissioning. Skylab, the only space station built and launched entirely by the US, decayed from orbit slowly over 5 years, and no attempt was made to de-orbit the station using a deorbital burn. Remains of Skylab hit populated areas of Esperance, Western Australia. without injuries or loss of life.
While the entire USOS cannot be reused and will be discarded, some Russian modules will be reused. Nauka, the Node module, two science power platforms and Rassvet, launched between 2010 and 2015 and joined to the ROS will be separated to form the next Russian space station OPSEK.

</doc>
<doc id="19844911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844911" title="Thomas Villiers">
Thomas Villiers

Thomas Villiers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844915" title="Decatur Boulevard">
Decatur Boulevard

Decatur Boulevard is a major north-south section line arterial in the Las Vegas metropolitan area located on the west side of the city.
Route.
Decatur Boulevard is situated in the west of Las Vegas and runs for roughly 25 miles along a north-south axis. At the southern end, at the junction with West Cactus Avenue, the road becomes Southern Highland Parkway. U.S. Route 95 delineates the road as South Decatur Blvd. and North Decatur Blvd. It is crossed twice by the Las Vegas Beltway, and provides access to McCarran International Airport.
Part of the southern section of the Boulevard is known as the location of a number of live music venues. Notable places located along the road include Arizona Charlie's Decatur and an office of the Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles.
History.
Decactur Boulevard was named after the city of Decatur, Illinois in the 1930s by Leonard Frechette, who lived on the junction of the street and Vegas Drive. The city was itself named in honour of Stephen Decatur, a naval officer during the early 19th century.
A $46 million Clark County construction project that widened the widened much of Decatur Boulevard and introduced railroad crossing for both Decatur Blvd and Warm Springs Road under the Union Pacific tracks was completed in summer 2010. Sewerage along parts of the route was renewed in spring 2011.
Public transport.
RTC Transit Route 103 functions on this road.

</doc>
<doc id="19844926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844926" title="Euposauridae">
Euposauridae

Euposauridae was a family of lizards from the Jurassic of Europe. They were small to medium sized.

</doc>
<doc id="19844948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844948" title="PA12">
PA12

PA12, PA-12 or PA 12 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19844977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844977" title="Joseph M. Merrow">
Joseph M. Merrow

Joseph Millard Merrow (June 24, 1848 – March 27, 1947) was president of the Merrow Machine Company.
Merrow was born in the community of Merrow, town of Mansfield in Connecticut. His parents were J. B. Merrow and Harriet Millard Merrow. He was educated at the Munson Mass Academy and Hartford Public High School.
At the age of 15 he was employed as a pharmacist and a postmaster, appointed by Abraham Lincoln.
Established in 1838, the family business was the manufacture of knit cotton goods; it was the first of its kind in the country. In 1888 the family's mills were destroyed by fire related to an incident with gunpowder. J. B. Merrow held a patent on gunpowder. The destruction of the mill allowed the company to further develop a small shop that had previously supported the knitting mill, and the Merrow Mills thus became primarily a manufacturer of crochet sewing machines.
Joseph Merrow was the driving force behind Merrow developing new technology, growing the new business and transforming it from a regional supplier of crochet sewing machines, to the market leader manufacturing hundreds of models of industrial overlock sewing machines. Under his leadership the company achieved a place of prominence in the industrial machine field with sales world-wide, hundreds of patents and the industries first industrial overlock sewing machine. 
Merrow was also active in politics. In 1880 he was elected to the House of Representatives of the General Assembly. He was founder and president of the Hartford County Manufacturers association. In addition he founded the Industrial Memorials Inc, a business group that devoted its time to commemorating pioneer manufacturers by funding and locating plaques and statues. He was president from 1939 until 1946.
Merrow traveled the world, taking several dozen trips to europe and asia, while studying the industrial conditions of the countries he visited.
He was a writer and a poet. The Hartford Courant writing his obituary quotes him as having defined war as the 'history of the human race in a single word, Greed the cause of war and brotherly love the cure for greed and the end of war'.
Merrow never married, although his great nephews Owen and Charlie Merrow maintain his legacy as the current managers of the Merrow Sewing Machine Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19844980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844980" title="NASA Astronaut Group 17">
NASA Astronaut Group 17

NASA Astronaut Group 17, (the Penguins), were chosen by NASA in 1998. The group of 32 candidates included eight pilots, 17 mission specialists, and seven international mission specialists who become NASA astronauts. They began training in August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19844982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844982" title="The Fabulous Country Music Sound of Buck Owens">
The Fabulous Country Music Sound of Buck Owens

The Fabulous Country Music Sound of Buck Owens is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens, released in 1962. It is not completely a Buck Owens album and includes tracks by Dottie West, Cowboy Copas, Eddie Wilson and Tommy Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19844983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844983" title="Haverhill (CVHR) railway station">
Haverhill (CVHR) railway station

Haverhill (CVHR) railway station was a station in Haverhill, Suffolk. It was a terminus on the Colne Valley and Halstead Railway. It was sometimes known as Haverhill South to distinguish it from Haverhill railway station on the Stour Valley Railway which also served the town. In 1924 passenger services were diverted to Haverhill North but the station continued to be served by freight trains until 1965.
Since closure the station has been demolished and the site redeveloped. 

</doc>
<doc id="19844992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19844992" title="Volker Strübing">
Volker Strübing

Volker Strübing (born 22 April 1971 in Sondershausen, Thuringia) is a German book author and songwriter.
Work.
Since 2004 he performs regularly at poetry slams as solo act or as part of Team LSD (ca-performing with Michael Ebeling).
His main focus are short satirical texts written expressly for being read to an audience.
Awards.
In October 2005 he was awarded the "Slam2005" in Leipzig, which certifies him slam mastery on national the scale. His "Das Paradies am Rande der Stadt" reached second place at " Deutscher Science Fiction Preis 2006" in the competition for best novel.
In November 2006 Michael Ebeling and Volker Strübing were awarded the "Slam2006" best team award as Team LSD in Munich. In 2008, Volker Strübing gained 3rd place in the final round for "Stuttgarter Besen", an award specifically for next generation cabaret artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19845006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19845006" title="Victory (2008 film)">
Victory (2008 film)

Victory is a Telugu film directed by Ravi. C. Kumar, released in 2008. The film stars Nitin Kumar Reddy, Mamta Mohandas, Shashank and Sindhu Tolani in lead roles. The film is produced by Venkat under R.R. Movie Makers. This film was dubbed in Hindi as "Kabzaa - The Mafia Raaj".
Nitin plays the role of a vibrant, energetic youngster who is also a well responsible boy. The film throws light on the dreaded Land Mafia. Nitin who fight against them at last wins over them. Mamta Mohandas, well known for her singing and acting skills is an added attraction to the film. Sindhu Tolani and Shashank play supporting roles in the film. Victory was a good message oriented movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19845015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19845015" title="Benelli Raffaello CrioComfort">
Benelli Raffaello CrioComfort

The Benelli Raffaello CrioComfort semi-automatic shotgun is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA.
Design details.
The shotgun has a relatively small number of component parts, incorporating a simple operating principle. The main features of the mechanism are the turning block bolt locking system and the cartridge feeding system (cut off). These serve to make the Raffaello CrioComfort reliable and practical, easy to strip and maintain.
Operation.
Benelli's range of semi-automatic shotguns operate on the same basic principle of inertial operation, with a fixed barrel, utilizing the kinetic energy of gun recoil.
This system requires no outlet for gas or barrel recoil, but operates by means of a spring freely interposed between bolt head and bolt.
During firing, due to the recoil of the gun, breech block inertia makes it move about 4 mm forward in relation to the power of the cartridge, compressing the spring. When this is fully compressed, it overcomes breech block inertia, thrusting it to the rear under residual pressure, permitting cartridge case extraction and reloading with the conventional system.
The pressure of the spring is calculated to delay the opening of the action, which occurs after the shot has left the barrel, and to regulate the different pressures produced by cartridges of varying power, with no need for braking.

</doc>
<doc id="19845037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19845037" title="Mountain Valley News">
Mountain Valley News

Mountain Valley News is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays based in Cedaredge, Colorado covering Delta County,Colorado, USA. Subscriptions are available in print and online formats. The website is located at mountainvalleynews.net and can be used to access subscription information for both the on-line and printed versions. Advertising information is available by calling 970-856-7499.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19845056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19845056" title="Comparison of feed aggregators">
Comparison of feed aggregators

The following is a comparison of RSS feed aggregators. Often e-mail programs and web browsers have the ability to display RSS feeds. They are listed here, too.
Many BitTorrent clients support RSS feeds for broadcatching (see Comparison of BitTorrent clients).
With the rise of Cloud computing, some cloud based services offer feed aggregation. They are listed here as well.
Release history.
Netscape Messenger 9 is a fork of Mozilla Thunderbird and has the same features.
Interface and notes.
Web browsers and Internet suites have for "browser plugin" a N/A, because they don't need it.

</doc>
<doc id="19845075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19845075" title="Brain Assist">
Brain Assist

Brain Assist or Touch de Uno DS is a puzzle video game released for Nintendo DS in Japan, North America, and the PAL region. Studies in the 1960s demonstrated the lateralization of brain function. The left-brain hemisphere deals with sequential analysis - reasoning using language, mathematics, abstraction and reasoning. Memory is primarily stored in a language format. The right hemisphere deals with auditory, visual, and spatial concepts (art, for example) dancing and gymnastics. There is an overlap, though. Brain Assist for the Nintendo DS aims to stimulate your right brain.

</doc>
