<doc id="20021634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021634" title="Nifty Theatre">
Nifty Theatre

The Nifty Theatre in Waterville, Washington is a small movie theater. The 1919 frame building features Mission Style detailing, and seats just under 300. The theater ceased operations in 1959 and had been used as a storage building until 1997, when new owners restored the theater for community use.
History.
The Nifty Theatre was built in 1918 by W.P. Brown, opening it in 1919 and living in the basement with his wife. The Browns operated the theater until 1959. According to a sale prospectus dated 1946, Brown was a graduate of Washington State University and a wounded military veteran, who had acquired of land and operated a stable of racehorses on the proceeds from the theater. The theater showed both movies and vaudeville shows, as well as community activities and productions. Brown closed the theater in 1959 due to competition from television and died the next year. Mrs. Brown sold the theater to Claude Case for $1.00, retaining the right to live in the apartment, living there until she died in 1970. Case owned the property until 1997, using the theater for storage for his collections and his construction business, with no alterations. 
The theater was acquired by Jim and Jenna Dixon in 1997, who operate the theater as a community theater.
Description.
The Nifty Theatre was built as both a nickelodeon movie house and as a vaudeville theater, even though the nickelodeon era was largely past in 1919, when palace-style movie theaters were starting to be built. As Waterville was a small town, the Nifty was a relatively modest theater that with its flat floor partially could serve as a dance hall and as a prize-fighting arena. The freestanding building stands a block away from the Downtown Waterville Historic District. Its main facade is stuccoed with pilasters at the corners and a curved parapet. The side and rear elevations are covered in tongue-and-groove wood siding. The entry is sheltered by a marquee suspended from the front wall. with steps rising to the main entry door. A further set of interior stairs rises to the ticket window, with the lobby beyond through three doors. Above the doors a permanent backlit glass panel reads "Tonight Nifty Theater 3 reels - Change of Program." The lobby gives on to the auditorium which is level for before sloping down. The auditorium measures by , with a second flat area of floor in front of the stage. The back wall features windows for a "crying room", from which parents could watch the movie while minding noisy children, as well as openings for projection. An office area opens into the east side of the auditorium, with a women's toilet on the west side, next to the stairs to the crying room. Fixed seating is provided in flip-up wood seats, with 158 seats at present. Exit doors lead outside from either side of the auditorium.
The stage rises about above the floor, with wide wings on either side. The stage is by . A low wall separates the orchestra pit from the seating. Doors at the rear of the stage lead to dressing rooms. The stage edge is equipped with footlights, while the original painted stage backdrop remains operable. 
A lower level under the auditorium is entered from the east and west, containing an apartment for the owners with a living room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, two bedrooms and a utility room. The remainder of the space is crawl space, deepened at some points for storage and electrical panels.

</doc>
<doc id="20021646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021646" title="Hwayasan">
Hwayasan

Hwayasan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yangpyeong County. Hwayasan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021681" title="Jefferson West USD 340">
Jefferson West USD 340

The Jefferson West School District (Unified school district 340), commonly called "Jeff West" is a school district covering in parts of three counties (Jackson, Jefferson, and Shawnee) in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. It serves the communities of Meriden, Kansas, Ozawkie, Kansas, and Rock Creek, Kansas, as well as housing developments along the west side of Perry Lake. Approximately 950 students attend the four facilities in the district.
Administration.
Jefferson West USD 340 is currently under the administration of Superintendent Pat Happer. Building principals are Elementary Principal, Wes Sturgeon, Middle School Principal, John Hamon, and High School Principal, Rhonda Frakes.
Board of Education.
The Jefferson West Board of Education is currently meets on the second (2nd) Monday of each month at the District Office. A list of the board members are below (as of 2013-14):
Current Schools.
There are three public schools in the district, all of which are located in Meriden. The current schools are listed below:
Former Schools.
Jefferson West Intermediate in Ozawkie used to serve grades four and five. At the end of the 2009 school year, the school was closed as a cost-saving measure. Prior to the closing of the school, the school system was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20021721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021721" title="Joy Murphy Wandin">
Joy Murphy Wandin

Joy Murphy Wandin is an Indigenous Australian, Senior Wurundjeri elder of the Kulin alliance in Victoria, Australia. She has given the traditional "welcome to country" greeting at many Melbourne events and to many distinguished visitors where she says in the Woiwurrung language ""Wominjeka Wurundjeri Balluk yearmenn koondee bik"" (Welcome to the land of the Wurundjeri people).
Born in Healesville, Joy Murphy Wandin's family never left Wurundjeri land and she is the great-great niece to William Barak, the last "traditional" ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri-willam clan. Her older brother (Juby) James Wandin, who once played football with St Kilda Football Club in the 1950s, was the ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri until his death in February 2006.
Her father, Jarlo Wandoon, tried to enlist for World War 1, but was rejected due to being an aborigine. When he attempted to enlist under his "whitefella" name, James Wandin, he was accepted into the army and served overseas and is listed under that name on the honour roll in the Healesville RSL. Joy Murphy Wandin told the story of her father's enlistment, and subsequent dispossession and separation from family with the closure of Coranderrk in 1923 in her "Welcome to country" speech when John Howard, as Australian Prime Minister, visited Healesville.
In 2002 she was awarded the Victorian Aboriginal Women's Award for being involved with Aboriginal Issues for thirty years. In 2006 she was made an officer of the Order of Australia ""for her service to the community, particularly the Aborigines, through significant contributions in the fields of social justice, land rights, equal opportunity, art and reconciliation"." She dedicated the award to her husband of 25 years, Peter Kaal, who died of an unexpected illness in October 2005.
Other roles she has include an honorary Professor at Swinburne University, Chair of the Wilin Centre for Indigenous Arts and Cultural Development at the Victorian College of the Arts University of Melbourne, Board member of Fraynework Multimedia (Sisters of Mercy), Co-Patron for Keeping Koori Kids in Catholic Education and Patron for Parliament of World Religions. Joy is also an Ambassador for BreastScreen Victoria, Australia Day Victoria and an Animis Ambassador for Zoos Victoria. In the past she has been a trustee of the National Gallery of Victoria, a member of the Equal Opportunity Commission Victoria, a member of the Victoria Police Ethical Standards Consultative Committee. 
In 2001 she collaborated with didgeridoo player Mark Atkins (musician) and composer Philip Glass in the concert work "Voices", performed at the Melbourne Town Hall and New York's Lincoln Center. The composition was commissioned by the City of Melbourne to relaunch the Melbourne Town Hall Organ. Wandin wrote the accompanying text which she narrated in four parts with the music in the performance.
She was the creative artist for projects and lyricist for the Opening and Closing songs in the 2006 Commonwealth Games held in Melbourne through her consultancy business "Jarlo Visions".
In 2011 she performed the Welcome to Country ceremony at the opening of a Scientology facility in Melbourne, "welcoming Scientologists to the lands of her ancestors".

</doc>
<doc id="20021739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021739" title="Observer Group">
Observer Group

The Observer Group (precursor to Marine Corps Amphibious Reconnaissance Company and the Navy Scouts and Raiders) was a joint-United States Army/Marine Corps unit that was the first in the United States and Fleet Marine Force to be organized and trained specifically for amphibious reconnaissance. The Observer Group experimented in the methodology and equipment for projecting reconnaissance from the sea before the establishment of the OSS Maritime Unit, the Underwater Demolition Teams, and before the Army Special Forces and Air Commandos. It was also the birth of naval amphibious intelligence.
Organization.
On January 13, 1941, Major General Holland M. Smith relinquished command of 1st Marine Division and became Commanding General of I Corps (Provisional), U.S. Atlantic Fleet with Colonel Graves B. Erskine as his Chief of Staff. Throughout the year, the joint command, which was assembled together at Quantico, Virginia, was subsequently redesignated variously several times: Task Force 18, U.S. Atlantic Fleet; 1st Joint Training Force, U.S. Atlantic Fleet; Atlantic Amphibious Force; Amphibious Force, Atlantic Fleet; and finally Amphibious Corps, Atlantic Fleet. Colonel Erskine, under General Smith, was in charge of the Intelligence section jointly devised the plan in organizing a unit of men that were specialized in reconnoitering enemy shores for the upcoming mission of invading Europe and North Africa during World War II.
By December 1941, when the United States has entered the war, the joint unit was designated as the "Observer Group", which was composed of a small group of soldiers from the 1st Infantry Division and Marines from the First Marine Division; two officers and 22 enlisted men. The Marines were mostly from the 5th Marines' Battalion Intelligence (S-2) and Regiment Intelligence Sections (R-2), and the Division Intelligence Sections (G-2) of the 1st Marine Division. The Observer Group was led by 1st Lieutenant Lloyd Peddicord, Jr. of the United States Army and began to operate under the staff supervision of the Amphibious Corps, Atlantic Fleet G-2 by Army Lieutenant Colonel Louis Ely. Captain James Logan Jones, Sr. was assigned to working under Colonel Erskine as the Assistant G-2 of the Intelligence section, under the Amphibious Corps staff, at the request of the Commanding General of Amphibious Force, Atlantic Fleet, Major General Holland Smith. Jones was fluent in several foreign languages, was extremely familiar with the target area of Africa; had experience with mechanical and mechanized vehicles and machinery, had experience in living in foreign lands, and had a military schooling and background. Because of these qualifications, he was assigned in February 1942 until September 1942, during which time he was promoted to Captain.
In August 1942, both the Army and Navy separated their joint effort and continued its planning for North Africa in Operation Torch. By September, the Navy established the Amphibious Scout and Raider School on NAB Little Creek, subsequently forming the Navy Scouts & Raiders unit. On 7 January 1943, the remaining Observer Group, with Captain James L. Jones, Sr. commanding, formed the Amphibious Reconnaissance Company, Expeditionary Troops, Amphibious Corps Pacific Fleet (ACPF).
Training.
Most of the training was done on the Potomac, the Chesapeake Bay area (upper Chesapeake River and Norfolk), and NAB Little Creek, Virginia; and off the coast of Maryland, particularly St. Mary's and Solomon Island, which became their simulated battleground as squads attempted to scout each other's defenses. Submarine training took place at Naval Submarine Base New London, Connecticut in June 1942.
The Observer Group began to conduct reconnaissance exercises on both the Atlantic and the Caribbean, (just as the Fleet Marine Force's Fleet Landing Exercises had done a few years before) by the Marines' Platoon Sergeant Russell Corey. He trained the Observer Group in hands-on work at sea abroad fleet submarines and in the tower for instructions in the Momsen lung. Another Marine by the name of Sergeant Thomas L. Curtis was selected from the Observer Group and was sent to the United Kingdom to train with the British Royal Marines and subsequently was transferred to Office of Strategic Services (precursor to the Central Intelligence Agency).
They began experimenting in the methodology for launching reconnaissance from the sea and testing various equipment. Inflatable rubber boats were mostly used, although kayaks and canvas folding boats had been tested but were rejected. The determining criteria for boat selection was that recon boats needed to fit through the small hatches of fleet submarines while carrying weapons and equipment and be capable of handling related loads. Lt. Peddicord designed an inflatable boat and brought his plans to the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company who produced the Landing Craft Rubber-Small craft able to hold seven men that was extensively used by the later Naval Combat Demolition Units.
The Marines were trained and taught knife fighting and escaping techniques in Shanghai by British Commando Instructor Lieutenant Colonel William E. Fairbairn, formerly an Inspector of the Shanghai Municipal Police. Fairbairn was one of the developers, along with another Inspector, Eric A. Sykes of the Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife that was used by the Marine Recon units and later adopted by the Marine Raiders and the Paramarines during World War II. Around this time the Observer Group was sent to the School for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which also shared the same base at Quantico, and were trained by FBI Agents for two weeks in the rudiments of jujitsu, pistol shooting from the hip, and operation of the Thompson submachine gun, or TSMG.
While the Observer Group was practicing their operational skills, the Intelligence Officers had worked out the tactical utilization of amphibious reconnaissance developing a new doctrine and organizational plan for the Fleet Marine Force. With the assignment to the United States Army of primary responsibility for the Atlantic (Amphibious Corps, Atlantic Fleet) and to the United States Navy of primary responsibility for the Pacific (the Amphibious Corps, Pacific Fleet), the joint command under General Smith divided as he relocated from Quantico to Camp Elliott, northeast of San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20021742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021742" title="Pearloid">
Pearloid

Pearloid is a plastic that is intended to resemble mother of pearl. It is commonly used in making musical instruments, especially for pickguards, electric guitars, and accordions.
Production.
Pearloid is produced by swirling together chunks of celluloid in a solvent, then curing. It is sliced and bonded to other materials such as wood, to give the mother of pearl effect.
Use.
Pearloid is used in any context where genuine mother of pearl or abalone might be used, as it is much cheaper and doesn't deplete the supply of the natural material. Gibson uses it as a substitute for the mother of pearl inlays in the fretboards on most of their guitars. Various colored versions are often used on items intended to have a retro appearance. Pearloid is sometimes referred to, colloquially as "mother of toilet seat."

</doc>
<doc id="20021825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021825" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 98">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 98

The 98th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Dauphin County and Lancaster County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20021839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021839" title="EcoBroker">
EcoBroker

The EcoBroker designation is an environmental and energy education program for real estate professionals, awarded by the Association of Energy and Environment Real Estate Professionals. Founded by John Beldock in 2002, a former director of environmental analysis for the United States Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, the EcoBroker program now claims over 6000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="20021843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021843" title="Raymond Theatre">
Raymond Theatre

The Raymond Theater is located in Raymond, Washington. It was built in 1928 by Asef G. Basil with 360 seats and a Hope-Jones Wurlitzer theater organ. The Raymond is presently owned by the city of Raymond and is operated as a community theater.

</doc>
<doc id="20021876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021876" title="Benjamin Grant Mitchell">
Benjamin Grant Mitchell

Benjamin Grant Mitchell (born 2 June 1969 in Manchester, England) is a writer, singer and actor now living in Melbourne, Australia. He is the author of The Last Great Day, an 'autobiographical' novel released in 2011.
Generally credited as Ben Mitchell, his full name was first recorded for playing ‘‘Troy Keogh’’ in a 1996 episode of Blue Heelers titled ‘Sex & Death’.
As a singer/songwriter he released The Stars Can See through MGM distribution in 2006. While it received strong reviews in England (Americana UK) and The Netherlands (Hanx) and locally he is perhaps better known for roles in the long running Australian soap opera, Neighbours.
Neighbours.
His first appearance on the Television drama was in 1989, as a Coffee Shop customer who ordered a steak, despite Kerry Bishop’s attempts to get him to order vegetarian. Later that year, He played the role of Brad Willis for two episodes. In the same year Mitchell played the role of Bevan Quinn in Skirts, a short-lived police drama for the Channel 7 network by Simpson Le Mesurier Films.
In 1992 he returned to Neighbours for his longest running role of Cameron Hudson – a motorcycle riding lawyer and cousin of his first named role of Brad Willis (who was now played by Scott Michaelson). Cameron shared a house with Beth Brennan played by Natalie Imbruglia.
The Stars Can See.
Mitchell lived and worked in London from 1998 to 2004 where he wrote and recorded the songs for his debut album, "The Stars Can See". It features Claire Worrall from Robbie Williams band on keyboards, Pete Cuthbert on drums, Ben Sargeant on bass guitar and was co-produced by Mitchell and Ken Brake at Regal Lane Studios, Primrose Hill.
The Stars Can See was released by MGM Distribution and picked up by a handful of alternative radio stations in Australia including 3JJJ, 3RRR and most notably PBS 106.7FM. Acid Country with David Heard, Claire Stuchbery’s No Frills and Jacqueline Dee’s, Tyranny of Distance all played tracks from the debut album in 2006.
Return to Australia.
In 2008, after more than a ten-year break from acting, Mitchell returned to television to play his third character on "Neighbours", taking the guest role of Matt Freedman, father to Simon (Mauricio Merino, Jr.) and Tegan Freedman (Chelsea Jones).
The Last Great Day.
In April, 2011 Mitchell independently published his first novel, The Last Great Day (ISBN 978-0-646-55032-9).

</doc>
<doc id="20021911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021911" title="José Fernández (third baseman)">
José Fernández (third baseman)

José Mayobanex Fernández Rojas (born November 2, 1974 in La Vega, Dominican Republic) is a third baseman in Major League Baseball, Korean Baseball Organization, Nippon Professional Baseball and Dominican Winter Baseball League. After briefly playing in Mexican League for the Tigres de Quintana Roo in 2010, Fernandez has once again been signed by the Seibu Lions on a ¥30million deal to the end of the season.
He played briefly in Major League Baseball for the Montreal Expos () and the Anaheim Angels (). He just hit .143 in 49 at-bats during his MLB career.

</doc>
<doc id="20021915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021915" title="Max Armstrong">
Max Armstrong

Max Armstrong is an American agriculture broadcaster from Chicago, Illinois.
Armstrong co-hosts with Orion Samuelson the Saturday Morning Show and formerly Noon Show on WGN radio in Chicago.
Armstrong is one of the most widely recognized and highly regarded agricultural journalists in America. He is director of broadcasting for Penton/Farm Progress Companies; co-host of the television show "This Week in AgriBusiness", seen across the United States each weekend; and he helps host a weekly hour-long ag program on Chicago radio powerhouse WGN. Millions of farmers, ranchers and consumers have viewed Armstrong's TV programs and heard his radio broadcasts during his nearly 40 years of industry experience.
Since August 2005, Armstrong has been co-host and co-founder of "This Week in AgriBusiness", a weekly television show owned and produced with Orion Samuelson.
Since July 2009, Armstrong has also been director of broadcasting for Penton Farm Progress. He produces and hosts the "Farm Progress America" and "Max Armstrong’s Midwest Digest" daily radio programs.
Armstrong also currently works as a freelance voice-over announcer through his company Super M, Inc.
Broadcast history.
He co-hosts with Samuelson the Saturday Morning Show and formerly Noon Show on WGN radio in Chicago, and "This Week in Agribusiness" on RFD-TV and in television syndication. Armstrong also hosts a three-minute feature, "Farming America", on the Tribune Radio Network; it is usually paired with Samuelson's National Farm Report.
From 1977 to 2009, Armstrong was the agri-business broadcaster for WGN Radio.
From 2000 to 2012, Armstrong was the voice-over announcer and host of live shows for RFD-TV. His voice was heard on hundreds of spots and promos as well as hosting live shows on the channel for companies such as John Deere, Merck Animal Health, and SFP.
Max Armstrong's Tractor App.
In August 2013, Max Armstrong's Tractor App was released for free download via iTunes and Google Play. It is the first vintage tractor app of its kind for vintage tractor enthusiasts. Users will hear Armstrong’s distinctive voice inviting them to the app version of his popular TV segment “Max’s Tractor Shed,” to play “Tractor Trivia” and “What Engine is This?” games, and tune into his daily Midwest Digest reports on Farm Progress America Radio. Ringtones featuring Armstrong's voice are also available for download through the app.

</doc>
<doc id="20021928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021928" title="Michael Kieran Harvey">
Michael Kieran Harvey

Michael Kieran Harvey (born 7 July 1961) is an Australian pianist whose career has been notable for its diversity and wide repertoire. He is renowned for commissioning and performing new music. He has especially promoted the works of Australian composers, such as Carl Vine, all of whose piano music he has recorded and much of which was written for him. He is also particularly associated with the piano music of Olivier Messiaen.
According to critic Clive O'Connell in "The Age": "Few Australian pianists can touch Michael Kieran Harvey, one of the most exciting exponents of contemporary music in the country".
Biography.
Michael Kieran Harvey was born in Sydney in 1961. He says that as a child he had great difficulty in coming to terms with being a musician, as he played four different codes of football and was also involved in surf lifesaving. His sister is the pianist Bernadette Harvey-Balkus; his brother Dominic Harvey is head of brass at the Australian National University; and another sister Rowan Harvey is a violinist. His mother Anne (a student of Alexander Sverjensky) had to abandon plans to become a concert pianist when her father died in her mid-teens; and his father Francis was a journalist and for a time a freelance cellist.
Michael studied piano at the Canberra School of Music with Alan Jenkins, at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music under Gordon Watson, and at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, Budapest, under Sándor Falvai. He first came to international prominence by jointly winning with Edith Chen the 1993 International Solo Piano Competition founded by Ivo Pogorelić in Pasadena, California; this was the world's richest piano competition. He played Carl Vine's Piano Sonata No. 1 there. He entered the competition not believing he could win, but as an excuse to go to Los Angeles to see Frank Zappa, who was very ill, and to seek permission to play his piano music in public. However, Zappa died on the day of the finals and Harvey did not meet him. His manager from Columbia Artists Management was Ronald Wilford, who was Glenn Gould’s manager, and at that stage Ivo Pogorelić's own manager.
In 1998, he and his sister Bernadette Harvey-Balkus formed a two-piano ensemble called Australian Virtuosi.
He is currently on staff at the Australian National Academy of Music, Visiting Artist at the Victorian College of the Arts, and Fellow of the Faculty of Music, University of Melbourne.
He has premiered many new Australian concertos by composers such as Carl Vine, Nigel Westlake, Paul Grabowsky, Larry Sitsky and Barry Conyngham. He has given Australian premieres of important international works by Andriessen, Wolpe, Martino, Frank Zappa, Jon Lord (of Deep Purple), Keith Emerson (of Emerson, Lake & Palmer), and Milton Babbitt.
Michael Kieran Harvey has worked with conductors such as Edo de Waart, Reinbert de Leeuw, Diego Masson, Markus Stenz and Kristjan Järvi, and has collaborated with the Arditti Quartet, the Netherlands and Luxembourg Philharmonics, Jon Lord, Keith Emerson, Absolute Ensemble and Paul Grabowsky. He regularly appears as soloist with Australian symphony orchestras.
He has performed and recorded most of Olivier Messiaen's works involving piano to high critical acclaim. In 2005 he released a live 3-CD recording of the Australian premiere of the entire "Catalogue d'oiseaux" featuring Peter Cundall as narrator.
He has recorded Carl Vine's complete piano music (including the 12 Preludes of 2006), much of which was written for him. He commissioned Nigel Westlake’s Piano Sonatas I (1998) and II (2004) and Piano Concerto (2000) and gave the premiere performances.
In 2005 the Michael Kieran Harvey Scholarship was established and funded by Susan Mary Remington in honour of his contribution to Australian music, and to encourage future directions in keyboard art music.

</doc>
<doc id="20021933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021933" title="Neuburger">
Neuburger

Neuburger is a white Austrian wine grape. The grape is a crossing of Roter Veltliner and Sylvaner. As varietal, it generally produces full bodied wines. 
Synonyms.
Neuburger is also known under the synonyms Brubler, Brugler, Feher Neuburger, Feher Neuburgi, Feher Neuburgi Ujvari, Neiburger, Neuburg, Neuburger Alb, Neuburger blanc, Neuburger Weisser, Neuburgi, Neuburgske, Neuburske, Neue Rebe, Neugurger Bijeli, Nojburger, Novogradski, Ujvari, Weisser Neuburger.

</doc>
<doc id="20021956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021956" title="Pardillo">
Pardillo

Pardillo is a white Spanish wine grape planted primarily in western Spain. As a varietal, it produces neutral flavored wines. 

</doc>
<doc id="20021961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021961" title="Judith Lynn Ferguson">
Judith Lynn Ferguson

Judith Lynn Ferguson aka Judith Ferguson-Foreman is an American/British author and chef. She is the author of 65 food-related books, mostly focused on North American regional cuisine and microwave cooking. Ferguson was born in Chicago, lived in Indiana and then Illinois working for Standard Oil of Indiana, before gaining a place at Le Cordon Bleu cookery School in London doing the Diploma course. She is an alumnus of Le Cordon Bleu in London. Once she graduated from the Cordon Bleu, she married her second husband an Englishman (Andrew Ferguson) and settled in London initially working for Pru Leith's School of Food & Wine, where she also worked as a cooking instructor. She was then head-hunted back to Le Cordon Bleu where she ran the Diploma Cookery course. She then joined a publishing company as a cookbook editor and then joined the UK Womans Realm Magazine as the Cookery editor. She was a contributor to US Cookery Magazine - Gourmet and then wrote a number of cookery books, before remarrying her third husband (John Foreman) and returning to the United States, settling in North Carolina. In the United States Ferguson worked as a caterer, cookbook author and writer of articles for magazines, and lives in Raleigh, North Carolina. She has now hung up her apron and cooks only for her family.

</doc>
<doc id="20021972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021972" title="Levan Reid">
Levan Reid

Levan Reid is an American sportscaster who serves as a sports reporter for WBZ-TV in Boston.
Biography.
Early life.
Levan began working in television when he was 16 years old at "A Current Affair" in New York City. He went on to produce sports for "Good Day New York" at WNYW. His first job after college was as a sports producer at WMUR in Manchester, New Hampshire. He was promoted two years later to sports anchor/reporter.
Career.
In 1996, he was hired as a reporter for WFXT. During his seven years in Boston, he covered every major sporting event, including four World Series, the Super Bowl, the Ryder Cup and various NCAA Championships. An athlete himself, Levan's love of sports led him to choose a career in sports journalism. 
He served as WUSA-TV 9 NEWS NOW's weekend sports anchor/reporter for five years, and co-host of both Sports Plus on Sunday nights and the station's Operation Football reports that feature local high school football action. Levan anchored Redskin specials and was at the forefront of the Maryland football and basketball stories. WUSA/Gannett chose not renew several contracts due to economic issues and Reid's was one of them.
In the summer of 2010 Reid returned to the Boston market and joined WBZ-TV in boston as a sports freelancer anchor. He has covered the New England Patriots for WBZ throughout the season. He was also a fill-in host for Boston sports radio station WEEI.
Reid plays the character of Doc Brooks on the Onion SportsDome's "Get Out Of My Face" segments.
Education.
Levan graduated from Notre Dame College in Manchester, New Hampshire with a major in History and Philosophy. He also earned a minor in English and Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="20022014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022014" title="Perle (grape)">
Perle (grape)

Perle is a white German wine grape planted primarily in Franconia. The grape is a crossing of Gewürztraminer and Müller-Thurgau. As a varietal, Perle produces highly aromatic wines. 

</doc>
<doc id="20022023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022023" title="Stereo (John Legend song)">
Stereo (John Legend song)

"Stereo" is the fourth single from John Legend's second album, "Once Again". The single was released as a download only single in the UK on 13 October 2007
It reached #47 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Music video.
The song's music video features Legend driving in a desert, intercut of animated scenes interepreting the lyrics and Legend performing the song in an orange background.

</doc>
<doc id="20022028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022028" title="Forgotten Chicago">
Forgotten Chicago

Forgotten Chicago is an organization that seeks to discover and document little known elements of Chicago’s infrastructure, architecture, neighborhoods and general cityscape, whether existing or historical. 
The organization exposes many of these often overlooked elements of Chicago’s built environment to a wide audience to increase interest in their preservation. In addition to conducting research and publishing articles on their website, Forgotten Chicago also leads neighborhood walking tours and holds free presentations at area libraries. 
Forgotten Chicago has received many accolades including being named one of "Chicago Magazine"'s 171 best Chicago websites in February 2008 and being featured in the "Chicago Tribune", "The Northwest Indiana Times", "Time Out Chicago", and local radio.
Their web presence underwent a major re-design in January 2009 with feature improvements, revised and updated content, and more ways for the public to get involved with the organization through Twitter and Facebook.

</doc>
<doc id="20022064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022064" title="Berkay Onarıcı">
Berkay Onarıcı

Onarıcı played in nine matches for Eskişehirspor in the TFF First League during the 2007-08 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20022105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022105" title="Seton Palace">
Seton Palace

Seton Palace was situated in East Lothian, a few miles south-east of Edinburgh near the town of Prestonpans. Often regarded as the most desirable Scottish residence of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the palace was erected in the 15th century by George, 4th Lord Seton and was similar in style to his house at Winton. 
The owners of Seton Palace, the Earls of Winton, had their estates confiscated after the 1715 rebellion. By the 1780s the palace was a ruin and in 1789 the owner of the site, Lt Col Alexander Mackenzie of the 21st Dragoons, commissioned Robert Adam to build Seton Castle. The remains of the old building were demolished and cleared by 1790.

</doc>
<doc id="20022132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022132" title="Nicholas Mormando">
Nicholas Mormando

Nicholas Mormando, also known as "Nicky Cowboy" (October 28, 1944 Brooklyn, New York - January 1986 Bensonhurst, Brooklyn) was a Gambino crime family mob associate who was involved in the murder of Frank Fiala and member of Sammy Gravano's Bensonhurst, Brooklyn crew.
Biography.
Nicholas Mormando was the son of Italian-American emigrants from Morimondo in Milan, Italy. Upon arriving to New York City their surname was changed to "Mormando". Unlike Sammy Gravano, Gerard Pappa, Ralph Ronga, James Emma and other notorious budding mobsters, Nicholas was born in Schenectady, New York. He was a close childhood friend of fellow Gambino crime family mob associate Michael DeBatt who was only two years older than himself. He was considered a "key man" in Sammy Gravano's crew with Joseph (Stymie) D'Angelo, Liborio (Louie) Milito, Joseph Paruta, Thomas (Huck) Carbonero. Unlike crew members Joseph D'Angelo Sr., Liborio Milito, Joseph Paruta and Michael DeBatt, Gravano does not mention having a close relationship with him or Mormando's relatives. Sammy Gravano later said, "For one week he (himself) would be flush with cash, but two weeks later he would be broke. He never saved any money. He shopped for clothes, picked up tabs at restaurants and night clubs, handed out huge tips and dined on champagne and filet mignon at the Copacabana." Sammy later said of himself, Michael and his young aspring mob associates, "Fucking kids, all dressed up like jerk-offs, running around, doing a little gambling, doing a little this and that "and then broke again and it's "macaroni and ricotta at home or spaghetti, past e olio, with the oil and garlic." By 1984 he had become exiled from the Gambino crime family and "put on the shelf" being excluded from all criminal activities with the crime family.
Shootout with the Gallos.
He took an oath with the other Rampers, "... be together forever. Fuck the world. Fuck everybody, even the mob" and was said by Gravano to be full of "piss and vinegar." Later on, this would change but that was the attitude they held at that point in their lives. In the early 1960s, during the Profaci-Gallo civil war in the Colombo crime family had an encounter with Gerard, Sammy Gravano, James Emma, Joe Vitale, Tommy Snake and Lenny the Mole including a bunch of other gang members. They were hanging around in a bar at 79th Street and Utrecht Avenue. In the bar were several Gallo loyalists. They were a lot older than the Rampers and had an outstanding argument with associate James Emma. They were heavily armed so Nicholas and the others loaded up with firearms and headed back to the bar. Sammy later recounted the brutal gun battle in his autobiography,
He was involved in burglaries of local commercial franchises, fencing stolen goods, armed robbery and car theft.
The Frank Fiala murder.
Gravano stationed Nicholas in a car parked around the corner from the Plaza Suite. He had a shotgun. If anyone in the group that normally accompanied Fiala drew a gun, he was to start shooting. His friend Michael DeBatt was positioned by his usual post as bouncer by the front door of the night club. After Frank Faila was murdered and pandemonium erupted out front of The Plaza Suite, Sammy had a getaway car stationed up the street. Down at the corner Nicholas had his shotgun ready but Fiala's people were in total shock. They did nothing. After the shooting, Nicholas and the other trigger men assembled at Joseph (Stymie) D'Angelo's bar, Doc's. Gravano congratulated Mormando, his friend DeBatt and the others on a "beautiful piece of work." Since this was not a sanctioned murder by their boss Paul Castellano, it could not go down that Mormando could be eligible to become a "made man" in the Gambino crime family for his involvement.
He was never indicted or convicted for being accessory to the murder of James Faila. After the murder of Faila, Castellano was angry. He had Mormando, DeBatt and the others stay up at his New Jersey farm to lie low. After hearing the news that Castellano might order their executions over the unsanctioned murder, when given the chance by Sammy to leave, Mormando said, "Sammy, we'll load up. We're ready." He earned the nickname "Cowboy" because he was known to perform criminal acts on his own without knowledge of Sammy Gravano or the Gambino crime family which was against the regulations.
A Renegade.
In retribution for being exiled due to his insubordination, Mormando started a crew of small time armed robbers, truck hijackers, burglars and drug dealers of his own. It is unknown how successful his leadership skills were and if the gang actually formed. It is thought that Nicholas was planning to battle it out with Sammy Gravano and other members of the Gambino crime family that he felt had slighted him. It is thought that after the death of Mormando, the gang dissipated and fell apart without another leader to replace him. It is unknown if his childhood friend Michael DeBatt, who was also heavily addicted to drugs was being persuaded to join Mormando's team of criminals. This worried Sammy Gravano, Frank DeCicco, Carmine Fatico and Salvatore Aurello whose criminal territory was starting to be threatened by Mormando.
Drug addiction and falling out with Gravano.
Nicholas Mormando became hooked on crack cocaine and cocaine. It is suspected by Sammy Gravano that he also got his friend Michael DeBatt hooked on the potent narcotic. Sammy later said about Nicholas,:"He became like a renegade. He went berserk. He didn't want to be in the crew no more. He was going to start his own little gang. I couldn't take a chance on him running around. He knew too much. So I got permission from John (John Gotti) to kill him. We finally got Nicky to come by Tali's, and he went with Huck (Thomas Carbonaro) to pick up Old Man (Joseph Paruta), who was still alive then. Joe got in the backseat and shot Nicky twice in the back of the head". Sammy Gravano and his brother-in-law Edward Garofalo were trailing in a car behind them. While both cars were driving on West 9th Street, near Bay Parkway Mormando's corpse was thrown out of the car into a vacant lot. It was found the next day."
The murder of Nicholas Mormando remained unsolved until Sammy Gravano agreed to testify against John Gotti at his racketeering trial.
Personal toll on Michael DeBatt.
It is unknown if Michael DeBatt got over the murder of his friend and if he attended his Nicholas's funeral. Michael continued to serve in the crew of Sammy Gravano after Mormando's murder. It is also unknown if Michael associated his friend's killing with Gravano or thought of it as a drug transaction gone bad. His childhood friend and criminal associate Michael DeBatt was later murdered on the orders of Sammy Gravano, three years later in 1987. Unlike the time when he would order the murder of DeBatt, Sammy Gravano shows no remorse in ordering the execution of Mormando.
Wrongful death suit.
In November 1998, a wrongful death suit was filed by the surviving relatives of Nicholas, Michael DeBatt and Joseph Colucci. According to court documents Sammy Gravano admitted to playing a direct or indirect role in their murders in the plea agreement that he made with the government when agreeing to become a stool pigeon. Along with Gravano, Mormando's family and the others filed suites against the author of his autobiography Peter Maas, Maas' literary agency I.C.M., the publisher of the autobiography, Harper Collins, and 20th Century Fox that was allegedly preparing a film adaptation of the book. In the complaint it stated that the plaintiffs were seeking, ""monetary and punitive damages from all defendants for their intentional failure to comply with New York's Son of Sam Law... and their deliberate scheme to circumvent same." Previously during the spring of 1997, the State Crime Victims Board and State Attorney General Dennis Vacco launched a similar lawsuit against Sammy Gravano and many of the same co-defendants during their criminal trial.

</doc>
<doc id="20022153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022153" title="Azhar Abidi">
Azhar Abidi

Azhar Ali Abidi (born 6 February 1968 in Wah, Pakistan) is a Pakistani Australian author and translator. He went to school in Pakistan and later studied electrical engineering at the Imperial College London and Masters of Business Administration at the University of Melbourne. He migrated to Australia in 1994 and lives in Melbourne, Australia.
Career.
Abidi has written translations, travelogues, and a number of short stories, including the Borgesian "The Secret History of the Flying Carpet", which is a fictitious story in a seemingly scholarly essay. His first novel, "Passarola Rising" (2006), was published by Viking Penguin in Australia, USA, Canada and India and translated into Spanish and Portuguese. It is set in Europe during the eighteenth century and is the fictionalised story of a true life Brazilian priest and aviation pioneer, Bartolomeu de Gusmão, who built a flying ship but fell foul of the Inquisition. Written in the style of an old-fashioned adventure story, it is a veiled criticism of the scientific materialism emerging from the European Enlightenment, and its inability to explain spiritual and supernatural phenomena. "Passarola Rising" was shortlisted for the 2006 Melbourne Literature Prize. 
In his second novel, "Twilight" (2008), Abidi turns to domestic and realist themes. Set in Pakistan during the 1980s, it is the story of an elderly matriarch, and her reaction to the changes she sees in her family and society during the turbulent times. Twilight is published by Text Publishing in Australia and by Viking Penguin in the USA and India. It appears in the USA as "The House of Bilqis" (2009).
In 2010, Abidi wrote an essay on Pakistan, "The Road to Chitral", for Granta Online, which is a travelogue and a meditation on violence in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20022156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022156" title="Yves Klein Blue Draw Attention to Themselves">
Yves Klein Blue Draw Attention to Themselves

'Yves Klein Blue Draw Attention to Themselves' is an EP by Yves Klein Blue released on 1 April 2008 on Dew Process. An EP of the same name had been produced by the band themselves for sale at local shows, but was re-recorded and produced by Caleb James, a renowned Australian producer. This subsequent re-release saw the band get picked up by Dew Process. The band's first single, Polka, received regular airplay on alternative radio station Triple J, and was followed by the release of their second single, Silence is Distance. Videos were shot for both of these singles, as well as for The Streetlight, which was curiously left off the label re-release of the EP.
"Polka" also performed well in 2008 Triple J Hottest 100 voting, coming in at 76 in the overall list.
Track listing.
Self-released EP
Dew Process re-release
Personnel
Michael Tomlinson – lead vocals, rhythm guitarCharles Sale – lead guitar, keyboards, backing vocalsSean Cook – bass, backing vocalsChris Banham – drums, percussion

</doc>
<doc id="20022166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022166" title="Charles Sims (mathematician)">
Charles Sims (mathematician)

Charles Coffin Sims (born 1938) is an American mathematician best known for his work in group theory. Together with Donald G. Higman he discovered the Higman–Sims group, one of the sporadic groups. The permutation group software developed by Sims also led to the proof of existence of the Lyons group (also known as Lyons–Sims group) and O'Nan group (also known as O'Nan–Sims group). 
Sims was a student of John Thompson and received Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1963. In his thesis he enumerated p-groups, giving sharp asymptotic upper and lower bounds. Sims is one of the founders of computational group theory and is the eponym of the Schreier–Sims algorithm. He was a faculty member at the Department of Mathematics at Rutgers University from 1965 to 2007. During that period he had served, in particular, as Department Chair (1982–84) and Associate Provost for Computer Planning (1984–87). Sims retired from Rutgers in 2007 and currently resides in St. Petersburg, Florida.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20022169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022169" title="HMS San Nicolas (1797)">
HMS San Nicolas (1797)

The San Nicolás was an 80-gun third rate ship of the Spanish Navy.
She was present at the Battle of Cape St Vincent on 14 February 1797, when she was boarded by a number of British sailors from led by Horatio Nelson. They successfully took the ship, then crossed from her decks to board the "San Josef", which had come to the aid of the "San Nicolás", but had become encumbered with her. Nelson and his men then captured the "San Josef" as well.
The "San Nicolás" was commissioned into the Royal Navy as HMS "San Nicolas". She became a prison ship in 1800, and was sold for breaking up on 3 November 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="20022172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022172" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 99">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 99

The 99th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20022253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022253" title="Best Days of Your Life">
Best Days of Your Life

"Best Days of Your Life" is a song written and performed by American country artist Kellie Pickler, and co-written by Taylor Swift. It was released on December 1, 2008 as the second single from her self-titled second album. Swift also provides background vocals on the song.
Pickler debuted the song with a performance on November 12, 2008 on the 2008 CMA Awards. Since then she has also performed the song on American Idol, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and the 2009 CMT Music Awards.
Content.
"Best Days of Your Life" is an up-tempo country pop song mostly backed by electric guitar. Its narrator tells about a former boyfriend who cheated on her and is going to get married and build a family with the lover. Although, she wishes them to be happy and have a nice life, she says that he's already had the best days of his life with her (the narrator), and the new partner can never top it. 
She also feels sorry for his new girlfriend, because she has the concept that a cheater will always be a cheater, and while she is getting the prizes of her future, all the lover gets is the cheater boyfriend.
In an interview, Pickler has said that the circumstances portrayed in the song are based on a real-life experience that she herself went through. Pickler stated that when she was on Brad Paisley's "Bonfires & Amplifiers Tour", she discovered her boyfriend cheating, and told it to her friend and fellow country singer Taylor Swift, who had the idea of writing a song about the experience
Reception.
Kevin J. Coyne of Country Universe described the chorus as strong and compared it to the catchiness of Faith Hill's "This Kiss". But, he described the verses unfavorably: "Pickler sounds strained, there’s no discernable melody and the lyrics are no more memorable than the music backing them up." Jim Malec of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs down, saying that "song isn’t funny, nor poignant, nor empowering. It is solely, and wholly, and unapologetically concerned only with expressing its fury. “Best Days of Your Life” is essentially four minutes of Pickler venting, unbridled and unartful."
Music video.
The music video was shot on February 26, 2009 in Nashville, Tennessee, and is directed by Roman White. It was released on March 25, 2009 to members of Pickler's official fanclub, and then to CMT on March 28, 2009. 
In the video, Pickler goes out to the movies at the Belcourt Theater with her friends for her birthday and sees her boyfriend cheating on her (played by Cortney Buczkowski), so she leaves. Later on, he is completely unhappy with his new life and has many flashbacks of him and Pickler. One day while he and his girlfriend are walking through Hillsboro Village, she reveals that she is pregnant; he runs across the street and tries to make it up to Pickler, who is out shopping with Taylor Swift, but he is hit by a bus and put in the hospital. Later, Pickler visits him and signs her name on his body cast and leaves. Throughout this, Pickler is shown singing alongside Swift and her band, with Pickler's ex watching through his television set.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 56 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of November 20, 2008. The song has become her biggest hit on the Billboard Hot 100, debuting at number 50 following the song's performance on "American Idol". This song has been Pickler's most successful single to date and her first Top Ten hit on the country charts, as well as her first single to surpass 1,000,000 legal downloads, achieving Platinum certification in June 2010. After spending nearly 40 weeks on the country chart, it reached a peak of number nine in August 2009.
Sales.
United States: 1,133,000

</doc>
<doc id="20022369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022369" title="Alban Thomas">
Alban Thomas

Alban Thomas (1686–1771) was a Welsh doctor, librarian and antiquarian, who followed in his father's footsteps in supporting Welsh literature, being particularly associated with efforts by Moses Williams to publish Welsh-language manuscripts.
Life.
Thomas was the son of a Welsh cleric, poet and translator, also called Alban Thomas, who was involved in a literary renaissance in the Newcastle Emlyn area at the end of the 17th century / beginning of the 18th century. Thomas (the son) was born in 1686 and matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford. By 1708 he was librarian of the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, and he was the assistant secretary of the Royal Society in London in 1713. He graduated with a Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Aberdeen in 1719. His Aberdeen links led to suspicions in Government circles that Thomas was a Jacobite sympathiser, and Thomas had to stay away from London, where he practised, for some time after March 1722. Unable to resume his medical career in London on his return, he moved back to Wales and practised there until his death in 1771. He was associated with the attempts of the antiquarian Moses Williams to collect and publish material contained in manuscripts in the Welsh language, taking subscriptions in 1719 towards publication of "Collection of Writings in the Welsh Tongue, to the beginning of the Sixteenth Century, to be printed in several Volumes in Octavo". Thomas himself published a "List of Fellows of the Royal Society of London" in 1718.

</doc>
<doc id="20022401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022401" title="Piotr Abraszewski">
Piotr Abraszewski

Piotr Abraszewski (June 29, 1905 – June 9, 1996) was a Polish painter born in Zamość, Poland. From 1928 to 1934 he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw with Professor M. Kotarbinski, and in 1935 he became Assistant Professor at the Academy. Between 1936 and 1939 he taught at the Academy and in other Warsaw schools.
World War II.
When Nazi Germany attacked Poland on September 1, 1939, German Nazis began rounding up and killing the local intelligentsia (see: Operation Tannenberg) and forbade all higher education except for vocational ("useful") training. Abraszewski survived five different Nazi concentration camps, including the Wildflecken Labor Camp and Mauthausen, where he made minute sketches for the administration.
Unwilling to return to Communist-ruled Poland after the Second World War, Abraszewski spent several years in Polish Displaced Persons camps in Germany where he taught art to refugees. In 1949, Abraszewski arrived in San Francisco with his wife who also graduated from Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw, and who also survived Nazi concentration camps. Piotr Abraszewski painted scenes of San Francisco in oil and watercolor.
It was Piotr Abraszewski’s dream to paint frescoes in churches and public buildings. In the mid-1950s he worked as a commercial artist at The Emporium. He was a member of the Western Artists Society. Several of his paintings were exhibited at the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum in Golden Gate Park.
When Mr. Abraszewski became a member of the Polish Arts and Culture Foundation (established in 1966 in San Francisco), he participated in historical exhibits, created hand-made signs still in use today and, with encouragement of the Foundation, exhibited his work.
He painted scenes of Europe as well as a series of oils and watercolors of San Francisco. Several years before Mr. Abraszewski fell ill, ten of his favorite paintings were photographed and produced as postcards. Mr. Piotr Abraszewski died in 1992 (his wife preceded him in death by several years). In his will, Piotr Abraszewski donated his entire art collection to the Polish Arts and Culture Foundation. Some of these works are now in private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20022481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022481" title="John Yanta">
John Yanta

John Yanta (born October 2, 1931, in Runge, Texas), is a former Roman Catholic bishop who served the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio in San Antonio, Texas and the Roman Catholic Diocese of Amarillo in Amarillo, Texas.
Career.
He was ordained for the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Antonio on March 17, 1956 and was then consecrated bishop on December 30, 1994, serving as auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of San Antonio. 
On January 21, 1997, he was named bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Amarillo, and became the bishop of that diocese on March 17, 1997. He retired on January 3, 2008. Upon his retirement from the Diocese of Amarillo, Bishop Yanta moved to San Antonio, Texas, remaining active in socially conservative political causes.
Bishop Yanta has and remains an advocate for the abolishment of abortion in the United States, making many personal sacrifices to this cause over the years. In 2006, he won the Cardinal von Galen Award for courageous pro-life leadership by leading pro-life demonstrations, requesting that anyone affiliated with planned parenthood resign their positions, even going so far as to offer to help them find other employment. He also famously wrote to the University of Notre Dame specific to their invitation to pro-choice President Obama, and no longer supports his once loved team and university.
Bishop Yanta was also recognized in 2005 by the Catholic Television of San Antonio (CTSA) as one of the founders and the first executive director of Catholic Television of San Antonio. “It is fitting that we honor Bishop Yanta, who was one of the first individuals in the San Antonio Archdiocese to recognize the value of the television medium as a tool to share God’s word in this community,” said Mary Ullmann Japhet, chairperson of the CTSA Board of Directors. “On a personal level, Bishop Yanta has been an inspiration to me, and I am grateful for his leadership.”
Controversies during tenure.
When a 17-year-old girl in the Amarillo diocese came forward claiming to have been impregnated by a priest in 2003, Bishop Yanta agreed to a US$27,000 legal settlement to avoid a lawsuit. Bishop Yanta was critical of "zero tolerance" policies when it came to priests accused of sexual abuse. He argued that one-time offenders who had gone through counseling should not be punished for their actions.
Not one priest found guilty of a crime within his diocese was ever placed in a position to hurt anyone again, according to Cathy Lexa, a diocesan spokeswoman, "They can't celebrate Mass, they can't wear the collar, they can't be called 'Father,' all of those," she said. 
"The total cost of meeting our responsibilities in promoting healing over the past 52 years amounts to almost $350,000. This figure includes medical care and psychological counseling for victims and their families, and legal fees," a letter Bishop Yanta letter wrote and had read to every mass stated. The figure does not include psychological care and "canonically required sustenance" for defrocked clerics.

</doc>
<doc id="20022496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022496" title="Sons of Steel (1989 film)">
Sons of Steel (1989 film)

Sons of Steel is an Australian science fiction/fantasy, musical, movie written, directed and music directed by Gary L. Keady and produced by James M. Vernon. 
Plot.
The film is set in Australia, where an accidental future time traveler finds himself going back in time to change events to prevent a calamity. It stars Rob Hartley as Black Alice (who performed most of the songs for the movie) and Australian musician Jeff Duff (who sang "The Burn").
Production.
The film is based on an original short called "Knightmare", written, co-directed and music directed by Gary L. Keady and co-directed by Yahoo Serious. Gary Keady developed the script for "Sons of Steel" from the short film, and the feature was shot in 1988. 
Release.
The film had a box office release in 1989. Gary Keady and Nicholas Huxley won an Australian Film Institute (AFI) nomination for "best costume design" for "Sons of Steel" in 1989, and the film was nominated for best original Australian soundtrack at the 1989 Australian Record Industry Awards. 
"Sons of Steel" premiered at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival and was released in thirty two countries. It won official selection at the Brussels International Festival of Fantastic Film and was a finalist at the Festival of the Imagination, Clermont Ferrand, France in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20022512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022512" title="Lauren Brooke (interviewer)">
Lauren Brooke (interviewer)

Lauren Thompson or Lauren Brooke (born July 29, 1982) is an American television personality, print and voiceover model who works for Golf Channel mostly as a co-host on "Morning Drive", the channel's daily morning show. She formerly was a host of "Top Ten" and "Golf Now" (formerly "Destination Golf"), as well the "College Sports Minute". She is also known for previously working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as a backstage interviewer.
Career.
Thompson has been modeling, representing companies as a spokesmodel and doing voice-overs for nine years. She has appeared on various television commercials, alongside many television shows and music videos. She also appeared at conventions across the United States and accepts national bookings through her official website as a spokesperson, print model and voiceover talent. She appeared in the music video for Jason Aldean's song "Hicktown", as well as for Sevendust's song "Praise". She also has been on Southeastern Conference rivalries on SEC websites.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2007-2009).
Thompson was hired by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) for the role of a backstage interviewer, along with Jeremy Borash, for TNA's primary television program "TNA Impact!", as well as for their monthly pay-per-view events.
Eventually, her character became involved in numerous angles during her interactions with TNA talent. The Beautiful People, as part of their arrogant Barbie gimmick, often taunted her in various ways during interviews. After a series of interviews, the mentally unstable Abyss began thinking of her as his girlfriend, leading to Lauren attempting to help him in his feud with Matt Morgan. She then assumed a more active role in the feud between Abyss, Dr. Stevie Richards, and Daffney, which also briefly involved Raven. The latter program also involved Taylor Wilde, who was established as Lauren's (kayfabe) best friend and sorority sister. Lauren became physically involved in a match for the first time at Victory Road by attacking Daffney.
On December 17, 2009 it was reported that Brooke was leaving TNA to focus on her job with the Golf Channel. It was confirmed by TNA Wrestling in their 'New Year's Knockout Eve 2010' broadcast that she was (kayfabe) "fired" by TNA Management after assaulting Lacey Von Erich on the episode of December 17, 2009.
Personal life.
On October 11, 2009, Thompson announced her engagement to long-time friend and fellow UCF student, Richard. They were married on January 23, 2010. <br>
On Monday, July 29th, 2013, during the last segment of the program "Morning Drive", while being wished a happy 31st birthday by the other cast members, Thompson announced she was pregnant with her first baby.
Championships and accomplishments.
Educational "Bright Futures" Scholarship Recipient, Order of Omega Honors Society at the University of Central Florida, The annual "Public Speaking Award" at Orangewood Christian School. "Best smile" Award at Bishop Moore High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20022515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022515" title="National State Bank Building">
National State Bank Building

The National State Bank Building is located on River Street in Troy, New York, United States, at its junction with Fulton and Third (southbound US 4) streets. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, one of the earliest buildings in the city so recognized. Since 1986 it has been a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District.
It was built in 1904, on the site of a public market that had burned down the year before, by local architect Marcus F. Cummings in the Beaux Arts architectural style. Five stories high, three bays wide by nine deep, its fenestration is similar to the larger Ilium Building a block to the east. The first story is faced in rusticated stone, the second through fifth in light gold brick with stone and terra cotta trim, and with carved stone panels beneath the third and fourth floor windows. These three distinct zones, along with the building's steel frame construction and use of an elevator inside, show the influence of early skyscraper design.

</doc>
<doc id="20022585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022585" title="Dan McCauley">
Dan McCauley

Dan McCauley is a major share holder of Sutton Harbour Holdings plc, in which he currently holds a 30% stake. Ranked at 723 on The Times "Rich List 2004" for the UK, his main source of wealth is the company Rotolok Holdings plc which is based in Tiverton.
McCauley was formerly chairman of Plymouth Argyle F.C. when he presided over what most supporters consider the darker years of Argyle's recent history, to the extent that he and his family received several death threats from extremely aggrieved Argyle supporters. In 1995, he purchased Drake's Island in Plymouth Sound with the intention of turning it into a hotel.
References.
[http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/teams/p/plymouth_argyle/1896064.stm]
[http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1P2-16857680.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20022586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022586" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 100">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 100

The 100th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20022684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022684" title="Logan, Victoria">
Logan, Victoria

Logan is a locality in Victoria, Australia. It is located at the intersection of Bendigo-St. Arnaud Road and Logan-Wedderburn Road in the Loddon Shire. At the 2006 census, the postcode of 3475 had a population of 454 although the town is estimated to have approximately 15 people.
The Logan Pub (or Avoca Forest Hotel) has accommodation and hosts events.
History.
Logan was once a larger town during the Victorian Gold Rush. There was a post office, school, two churches, a community hall, a general store and other buildings. Logan Post Office opened on 18 January 1886 and closed in 1974. The town had a medium-sized oval which was home ground for a local Australian Football League team.
There have been three pubs in the town's history - the first two have been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20022730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022730" title="Marina Reservoir">
Marina Reservoir

The Marina Reservoir () is a reservoir in Marina Bay, Singapore formed in 2008 from the damming of the mouth of the Kallang Basin. With the completion of the Marina Barrage on October 30, 2008, the reservoir, which contained mainly salt water, became freshwater and started operations at 7 pm on November 20, 2010 
after a process of natural desalination, when excess water was released out to the sea after heavy rains. The reservoir will provide 10% of the island's water needs.
The catchment area that is resulted from the forming of the reservoir is about one-sixth the land size of Singapore, the largest of all the reservoirs, and two of the island's major rivers - Singapore River, Kallang River and Geylang River, as well as Rochor River, a tributary of the Kallang River flow into it.
Competition Venue for Singapore 2010: The First Youth Olympic Games.
Sport.
Canoeing, Rowing
Location.
Situated at the heart of the up-and-coming Marina South district, the Marina Reservoir is an iconic venue with Singapore’s business and financial district as its backdrop.
History.
With the recent completion of the Marina Barrage in 2008, the newly created Marina Reservoir is a choice venue for a wide range of water-based activities including hosting the canoe-kayak and rowing events.
The area includes a one-kilometre straight race course for canoeing and rowing activities. The Singapore Canoe Marathon 2009 was staged at the Marina Reservoir in January 2009.
The on-land staging of canoeing and rowing competitions is along a portion of Gardens by the Bay – a new 32-hectare park next to the Marina Reservoir. With an extensive water frontage along the Marina Reservoir, the Gardens will provide an excellent vantage point.
The facilities at the reservoir during Singapore 2010 include a boat-storage shed for up to 200 boats, a boat-washing area, toilets and showers, and a doping-control station. A seating gallery for approximately 1,000 spectators will be constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="20022743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022743" title="National Information Infrastructure Protection Act">
National Information Infrastructure Protection Act

The National Information Infrastructure Protection Act (; ) was Title II of the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, as an amendment to the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
The Act.
The Act was enacted in 1996 as an amendment to the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. It modifies the earlier Code. The text is included in its entirety below.
§ 1030. Fraud and Related Activity in Connection with Computers 
(a) Whoever 
(1) having knowingly accessed a computer without authorization or exceeding authorized access, and by means of such conduct having obtained information that has been determined by the United States Government pursuant to an Executive order or statute to require protection against unauthorized disclosure for reasons of national defense or foreign relations, or any restricted data, as defined in paragraph y. of section 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, with reason to believe that such information so obtained could be used to the injury of the United States, or to the advantage of any foreign nation willfully communicates, delivers, transmits, or causes to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted, or attempts to communicate, deliver, transmit or cause to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted the same to any person not entitled to receive it, or willfully retains the same and fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the United States entitled to receive it; 
(2) intentionally accesses a computer without authorization or exceeds authorized access, and thereby obtains-- 
(A) information contained in a financial record of a financial institution, or of a card issuer as defined in section 1602(n) of title 15, or contained in a file of a consumer reporting agency on a consumer, as such terms are defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.); 
(B) information from any department or agency of the United States; or 
(C) information from any protected computer if the conduct involved an interstate or foreign communication; 
(3) intentionally, without authorization to access any nonpublic computer of a department or agency of the United States, accesses such a computer of that department or agency that is exclusively for the use of the Government of the United States or, in the case of a computer not exclusively for such use, is used by or for the Government of the United States and such conduct affects that use by or for the Government of the United States; 
(4) knowingly and with intent to defraud, accesses a protected computer without authorization, or exceeds authorized access, and by means of such conduct furthers the intended fraud and obtains anything of value, unless the object of the fraud and the thing obtained consists only of the use of the computer and the value of such use is not more than $ 5,000 in any one-year period; 
(5) 
(A) 
(i) knowingly causes the transmission of a program, information, code, or command, and as a result of such conduct, intentionally causes damage without authorization, to a protected computer;
(ii) intentionally accesses a protected computer without authorization, and as a result of such conduct, recklessly causes damage; or
(iii) intentionally accesses a protected computer without authorization, and as a result of such conduct, causes damage; and
(B) by conduct described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (A), caused (or, in the case of an attempted offense, would, if completed, have caused)-- 
(i) loss to 1 or more persons during any 1-year period (and, for purposes of an investigation, prosecution, or other proceeding brought by the United States only, loss resulting from a related course of conduct affecting 1 or more other protected computers) aggregating at least $5,000 in value; 
(ii) the modification or impairment, or potential modification or impairment, of the medical examination, diagnosis, treatment, or care of 1 or more individuals;
(iii) physical injury to any person;
(iv) a threat to public health or safety; or
(v) damage affecting a computer system used by or for a government entity in furtherance of the administration of justice, national defense, or national security; 
(6) knowingly and with intent to defraud traffics (as defined in section 1029) in any password or similar information through which a computer may be accessed without authorization, if 
(A) such trafficking affects interstate or foreign commerce; or 
(B) such computer is used by or for the Government of the United States; 
(7) with intent to extort from any person, any money or other thing of value, transmits in interstate or foreign commerce any communication containing any threat to cause damage to a protected computer;
shall be punished as provided in subsection (c) of this section. 
(b) Whoever attempts to commit an offense under subsection (a) of this section shall be punished as provided in subsection (c) of this section. 
(c) The punishment for an offense under subsection (a) or (b) of this section is -- 
(1) 
(A) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than ten years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(1) of this section which does not occur after a conviction for another offense under this section, or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph; and 
(B) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than twenty years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(1) of this section which occurs after a conviction for another offense under this section, or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph; and 
(2) 
(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than one year, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(5)(A)(iii), or (a)(6) of this section which does not occur after a conviction for another offense under this section, or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph; 
(B) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than 5 years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(2)or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph, if-
(i) the offense was committed for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain; 
(ii) the offense was committed in furtherance of any criminal or tortious act in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any State; or 
(iii) the value of the information obtained exceeds $5,000; 
(C) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than ten years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(2), (a)(3) or (a)(6) of this section which occurs after a conviction for another offense under this section, or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph; and
(3) 
(A) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than five years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(4), or (a)(7) of this section which does not occur after a conviction for another offense under this section, or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph; and 
(B) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than ten years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(4), (a)(5)(A)(iii) or (a)(7) of this section which occurs after a conviction for another offense under this section, or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under this subparagraph; and 
(A) a fine under this title, imprisonment for not more than 10 years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(5)(A)(i), or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under that subsection; 
(B) a fine under this title, imprisonment for not more than 5 years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(5)(A)(ii), or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under that subsection; 
(C) a fine under this title, imprisonment for not more than 20 years, or both, in the case of an offense under subsection (a)(5)(A)(i) or (a)(5)(A)(ii), or an attempt to commit an offense punishable under either subsection, that occurs after a conviction for another offense under this section.
(d)(1) The United States Secret Service shall, in addition to any other agency having such authority, have the authority to investigate offenses under this section. 
(2) The Federal Bureau of Investigation shall have primary authority to investigate offenses under subsection (a)(1) for any cases involving espionage, foreign counterintelligence, information protected against unauthorized disclosure for reasons of national defense or foreign relations, or Restricted Data (as that term is defined in section 11y of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014(y)), except for offenses affecting the duties of the United States Secret Service pursuant to section 3056(a) of this title.
(3) Such authority shall be exercised in accordance with an agreement which shall be entered into by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General.
(e) As used in this section 
(1) the term "computer" means an electronic, magnetic, optical, electrochemical, or other high speed data processing device performing logical, arithmetic, or storage functions, and includes any data storage facility or communications facility directly related to or operating in conjunction with such device, but such term does not include an automated typewriter or typesetter, a portable hand held calculator, or other similar device; 
(2) the term "protected computer" means a computer 
(A) exclusively for the use of a financial institution or the United States Government, or, in the case of a computer not exclusively for such use, used by or for a financial institution or the United States Government and the conduct constituting the offense affects that use by or for the financial institution or the Government; or 
(B) which is used in interstate or foreign commerce or communications, including a computer located outside the United States that is used in a manner that affects interstate or foreign commerce or communication of the United States; 
(3) the term "State" includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any other commonwealth, possession or territory of the United States; 
(4) the term "financial institution" means 
(A) an institution with deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; 
(B) the Federal Reserve or a member of the Federal Reserve including any Federal Reserve Bank; 
(C) a credit union with accounts insured by the National Credit Union Administration; 
(D) a member of the Federal home loan bank system and any home loan bank; 
(E) any institution of the Farm Credit System under the Farm Credit Act of 1971; 
(F) a brokerdealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 
(G) the Securities Investor Protection Corporation; 
(H) a branch or agency of a foreign bank (as such terms are defined in paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 1(b) of the International Banking Act of 1978); and 
(I) an organization operating under section 25 or section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act. 
(5) the term "financial record" means information derived from any record held by a financial institution pertaining to a customer's relationship with the financial institution; 
(6) the term "exceeds authorized access" means to access a computer with authorization and to use such access to obtain or alter information in the computer that the accesser is not entitled so to obtain or alter; 
(7) the term "department of the United States" means the legislative or judicial branch of the Government or one of the executive departments enumerated in section 101 of title 5; 
(8) the term 'damage' means any impairment to the integrity or availability of data, a program, a system, or information;
(9) the term 'government entity' includes the Government of the United States, any State or political subdivision of the United States, any foreign country, and any state, province, municipality, or other political subdivision of a foreign country.
(10) the term 'conviction' shall include a conviction under the law of any State for a crime punishable by imprisonment for more than 1 year, an element of which is unauthorized access, or exceeding authorized access, to a computer; 
(11) the term 'loss' includes any reasonable cost to any victim, including the cost of responding to an offense, conducting a damage assessment, and restoring the data, program, system, or information to its condition prior to the offense, and any revenue lost, cost incurred, or other consequential damages incurred because of interruption of service; and
(12) the term 'person' means any individual, firm, corporation, educational institution, financial institution, governmental entity, or legal or other entity.
(f) This section does not prohibit any lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or intelligence activity of a law enforcement agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, or of an intelligence agency of the United States. 
(g) Any person who suffers damage or loss by reason of a violation of the section may maintain a civil action against the violator to obtain compensatory damages and injunctive relief or other equitable relief. A civil action for a violation of this section may be brought only if the conduct involves 1 of the factors set forth in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) of subsection (a)(5)(B). Damages for a violation involving only conduct described in subsection (a)(5)(B)(i) are limited to economic damages. No action may be brought under this subsection unless such action is begun within 2 years of the date of the act complained of or the date of the discovery of the damage. No action may be brought under this subsection for the negligent design or manufacture of computer hardware, computer software, or firmware. 
(h) The Attorney General and the Secretary of the Treasury shall report to the Congress annually, during the first 3 years following the date of the enactment of this subsection, concerning investigations and prosecutions under section 1030(a)(5) of title 18, United States Code. 
Section 814(e) Amendment of sentencing guidelines relating to certain computer fraud and abuse.-- 
Pursuant to its authority under section 994(p) of title 28, United States Code, the United States Sentencing Commission shall amend the Federal sentencing guidelines to ensure that any individual convicted of a violation of section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, can be subjected to appropriate penalties, without regard to any mandatory minimum term of imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="20022801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022801" title="Deaths in November 2008">
Deaths in November 2008

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20022833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022833" title="Trachicaranx">
Trachicaranx

Trachicaranx tersus is an extinct primitive, pompano-like jack fish from what is now Turkmenistan. It lived in an ocean upwelling with its relative, "Archaeus oblongus" during the Thanetian epoch of the late Paleocene. Some incomplete fossil specimens were once identified as being a separate species, ""Uylyaichthys eugeniae"."

</doc>
<doc id="20022884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022884" title="The Elephant Princess">
The Elephant Princess

The Elephant Princess is an Australian children's television series that first screened on Network Ten in 2008. The series is produced by Jonathan M. Shiff Productions. A second and final season began screening in 2011. 
Summary.
Alex Wilson thinks she is an average suburban girl living in Melbourne, until her 16th birthday when exotic visitor, Kuru, shows up in her backyard with a magical elephant, Anala. He informs her she is the heir to the throne of the magical kingdom of Manjipoor. With his help, the reluctant princess will master her magic powers and defend her royal inheritance against her devious cousin, Vashan, whilst balancing the pull of both worlds to find her true destiny. In the second and final season, Alex and her family have moved to the Gold Coast. Her friend Amanda has followed her there, where they plan to find a new drummer for their band. Meanwhile in Manjipoor, Diva has returned to take over Manjipoor and learn the secrets of The Book.
Episodes.
Season one was broadcast from November 2008 to April 2009, consisting of 26 episodes.<br>Season two began screening in July 2011 and also consists of 26 episodes.
Cast.
DVD releases.
The complete first series has been released in three volumes, although the complete season one has been released too. 

</doc>
<doc id="20022886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022886" title="1971 in Greece">
1971 in Greece

"See also:" 
1970 in Greece, 
1972 in Greece.
In 1971 in Greece the 1971 Intercontinental Cup took place.
In 1971 Greece resumed diplomatic relations with Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20022890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022890" title="Herbie Laughton">
Herbie Laughton

Herbie Laughton is a country singer from Alice Springs, Northern Territory. He was born in 1927 in a creek bed. He was a member of the stolen generation.
In 2005 he was inducted into the hall of fame at Music NT’s Indigenous Music Awards. He was one of the artists featured in the Buried Country documentary and book. His songs have been covered by Buddy Williams, Auriel Andrew and Trevor Adamson.
Discography.
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="20022893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022893" title="Buitepos">
Buitepos

Buitepos (Afrikaans word meaning "outer post" in English) is a small settlement in the Omaheke Region in eastern Namibia. It is one of the border posts between Namibia and Botswana.
Transport.
The Trans-Kalahari Highway passes through this settlement.
The proposed Trans-Kalahari Railway may pass through this town.

</doc>
<doc id="20022903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022903" title="Awang Hassan">
Awang Hassan

Tun Datuk Dr Haji Awang bin Hassan (November 1910 – 23 October 1998) was a Malaysian politician.
He was born in Muar, Johor. He was educated by Sekolah Bukit Zahrah in Johor Bahru. Awang began attendance at the KE VII College of Medicine in the 1930s. He worked as a specialist in Kandang Kerbau Hospital in Singapore before opening his own clinic. 
Awang started politics and made Deputy Speaker of Dewan Rakyat and Member of Parliament for Muar. He was the Malaysian High Commissioner to Australia after which he became the 5th Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of Penang, Malaysia from 1981 to 1989 attending the UN. Awang and his brother-in-law founded the United Malays National Organisation.
Tun Awang married Toh Puan Khadijah Abdul Rahman, sister of Tun Dr Ismail Abdul Rahman, the 2nd Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia. He had four sons and two daughters.
Legacy.
Several projects and institutions were named after him, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20022911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022911" title="Hamdan Sheikh Tahir">
Hamdan Sheikh Tahir

Tun Tan Sri Datuk Dr. Haji Hamdan bin Sheikh Tahir (16 July 1923 – 20 January 2005) was the Yang di-Pertua Negeri (literally "head of state") of Penang, Malaysia from 1989 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20022915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022915" title="Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten">
Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten

Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten (10 September 1792, Altenkirchen – 18 August 1860, Greifswald) was a German Orientalist born in Altenkirchen on the island of Rügen. He was the son of ecclesiastic Ludwig Gotthard Kosegarten (1758–1818).
He studied theology and philosophy at the University of Greifswald, and from 1812 studied Oriental languages in Paris. In 1815 he became an adjunct to the theological and philosophical faculty in Greifswald. From 1817 to 1824 he was a professor of Oriental languages at the University of Jena, and afterwards a professor at Greifswald.
Kosegarten is remembered for translation and edition of Arabic, Persian and Sanskrit poems, songs, fables, et al. Among his better known work involved the Arab song collection- "Kitab al-Aghani" (1846), the Hindu poem- "Nala" (1820), the Persian fairy tale collection- "Tuti Nameh" (1822) and the Indian fable collection- "Pantscha Tantra" (1848). He was also a specialist at deciphering ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.
In 1856-57 Kosegarten wrote a two-volume work on the history of the University of Greifswald called "Geschichte der Universität Greifswald". His handwritten notes and collection of German and Oriental works were bequeathed to the University of Greifswald.

</doc>
<doc id="20022918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022918" title="Abdul Rahman Abbas">
Abdul Rahman Abbas

Tun Dato' Seri Utama Haji Abdul Rahman bin Haji Abbas is the current Yang di-Pertua Negeri (the Head of the State/ the Supreme Head of the State) of the state of Penang, Malaysia. The post is synonymous with its English term - Governor. He is a former politician from the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). Abdul Rahman was appointed to the governorship by the King in May 2001 and has since been reappointed three times, in 2005, 2009 and 2011.
Early life.
Tun Abdul Rahman studied at Permatang Sintok Malay School in Kepala Batas and Sultan Idris Teachers College in Tanjung Malim before attending a teaching course at the Language Institute, Kuala Lumpur. He obtained his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Malaya in 1973. After graduating, Abdul Rahman became a teacher.
Political career.
Abdul Rahman joined UMNO after ending his career in teaching. He was an exco member of the party's Youth wing (1975–1979) and held the position of Kepala Batas division treasurer from 1995 to his appointment as Governor.
In 1977, Abdul Rahman was elected to the Penang State Assembly in a by-election following the death of Ahmad Badawi Haji Abdullah, the father of former prime minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi. During the four terms he served, Abdul Rahman was also a member of the state executive council under Chief Minister Lim Chong Eu. In his final term, he was elected Speaker of the State Assembly.
Yang di-Pertua Negeri.
Abdul Rahman was appointed Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Penang by Yang di-Pertuan Agong Tuanku Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah in May 2001 for four years. In 2005, his term was extended for another four years by Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin. He was reappointed by Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin in 2009 and 2011.
Honours & titles of Abdul Rahman Abbas.
He has been awarded :
Titles.
He holds currently the title of ""Tun Datuk Seri Utama"" by combination of his highest Federal Malaysian title ""Tun"" (SMN) and his highest Malaccan title ""Datuk Seri Utama"" (DUNM)<br>
In other states of Malaysia, a similar combination between his highest Federal Malaysian title ""Tun"" (SMN) and his local highest title may be used. Example : "Tun Datuk Seri Panglima" in Sabah.
Honours & titles of Majimor binti Shariff.
Toh Puan Dato' Seri Utama Hajah Majimor binti Shariff has been awarded :
Titles.
She holds currently the title of ""Toh Puan Datuk Seri Utama"" by combination of the female form "Toh Puan" connected to her husband's highest Federal Malaysian title ""Tun"" (SMN) and her highest Malaccan title ""Datuk Seri Utama"" (DUNM)

</doc>
<doc id="20022919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022919" title="Walnut Glen Academy for Excellence">
Walnut Glen Academy for Excellence

Walnut Glen Academy is an elementary magnet school located in Garland, in the U.S. state of Texas. Walnut Glen Academy enrolls students in grades K-5 and is a part of the Garland Independent School District.
Walnut Glen Academy was awarded the National Blue Ribbon School in 1996–1997 and 2007.
In 2009, the school was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.
Statistics (per 2006).
The attendance rate for students at the school is 98%, compared with a state average of 96%. 41% of the students at Walnut Glen are economically disadvantaged, 8% enroll in special education, 68% enroll in gifted and talent programs, and 20% are considered "limited English proficient."
The ethnic makeup of the school is 38% Hispanic, 34% White, non-Hispanic, 18% Asian/Pacific Islander, 10% African American, and less than 1% Native American.
The average class sizes at Walnut Glen are 21 students for kindergarten, 20 students for first grade, 20 students for second grade, 22 students for third grade, 22 students for fourth grade, and 22 students for fifth grade.
Teachers at the school carry, on average, 14 years of teaching experience and 8% of the teachers on staff are first-year teachers.
Feeder Patterns.
Garland ISD is a Free Choice school district, which allows the parent to choose which school his or her children want to attend within the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20022923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022923" title="Geylang River">
Geylang River

Geylang River (Simplified Chinese: 芽茏河) is a canalised river in Geylang of the Eastern Region in Singapore. With the formation of the Marina Reservoir after the completion of the Marina Barrage in 2008, the river now forms part of the reservoir.
Geylang River begins at Ubi as Geylang Canal, continues southwards, but starts turning westwards after Geylang Road, but turns southwards again once it nears Guillemard Road, before turning westwards again after Dunman Road, before emptying into the Kallang Basin near Tanjong Rhu. 

</doc>
<doc id="20022930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022930" title="Syed Sheh Shahabudin">
Syed Sheh Shahabudin

Tun Syed Sheh bin Syed Abdullah Shahabudin was the Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Penang, Malaysia from 1967 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20022938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022938" title="Raja Uda Raja Muhammad">
Raja Uda Raja Muhammad

Raja Tun Sir Uda bin Raja Muhammad, KBE, CMG, was a Malaysian statesman during the country's struggle for independence and its early years of nationhood. He was a civil servant under the British colonial administration, and eventually rose to important administrative positions within the government. Upon the independence of Malaya in 1957, he became the first Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of Penang, one of the two states in the federation without a hereditary ruler.
Raja Uda was also the grandfather of Malaysian political blogger Raja Petra Kamaruddin.
Biography.
Raja Uda was a member of the Selangor royal family, being a distant cousin of Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah and a direct descendant of the first Sultan of Selangor. He married Sultan Hisamuddin's sister, Tengku Badariah binti Sultan Alaeddin Sulaiman Shah.
Raja Uda joined the colonial government service in 1910 at age 16. In 1939, he was appointed as secretary to the British Resident of Selangor. He was Menteri Besar of Selangor twice, from 1949 to 1953, and again from 1954 to 1955. In between, Raja Uda served as Malayan High Commissioner in the United Kingdom. He was involved in negotiations with the British to establish the Member System in the 1950s.
In 1951, Raja Uda was appointed a CMG and appointed an Honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 1953, entitling him to the style "Sir," since the Federation of Malaya was then a realm of the British Empire. Following the first ever general election in 1955, Raja Uda was appointed Speaker of the Federal Legislative Council.
On August 31, 1957, the day of independence, Raja Uda was appointed the first Governor of the state of Penang and served for ten years.
Raja Tun Uda died on October 17, 1976 and he was buried at the Selangor royal mausoleum near Sultan Sulaiman Mosque in Klang, Selangor.
Legacy.
Several projects and institutions were named after him, including:
Honours.
He has been awarded :

</doc>
<doc id="20022949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022949" title="Moon of Baroda">
Moon of Baroda

The Moon of Baroda is a cut diamond discovered in Vadodara (Baroda), India. The diamond, canary yellow in colour, is cut in a pear shape. When found, the rough diamond weighed . The Moon of Baroda was originally owned by the Maharajas of Baroda. The royal family of Gaekwad Maharajas was in possession of the diamond for almost 500 years. The gem was later worn by singer and actress Marilyn Monroe and Empress Maria Theresa of Austria.
Description.
The Moon of Baroda weighed at the time it was found. It was later cut into a pear shaped diamond, weighing .
A popular myth associated with the Moon of Baroda is that it brings bad luck to its owner if it is carried across the sea.
History.
The Moon of Baroda was originally owned by the royal Gaekwad family, the Maharajas of Baroda. It was later sent by the Gaekwad family to Empress Maria Theresa of Austria, the only female monarch of the Habsburg dynasty. The diamond was returned to the Gaekwad family later, and in 1860, it was fitted to a necklace. The Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad sold it to an unknown buyer in the early 1920s.
The diamond resurfaced in the 1940s, in 1943, the diamond was purchased by Meyer Rosenbaum of Detroit, President of the Meyer Jewelry Company. Rosenbaum later gave the diamond to Marilyn Monroe, who wore it for the shooting of the song "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend", and also in the film "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes". The Moon of Baroda was displayed publicly in an exhibition in 1944.
In 2008, the Moon of Baroda was next displayed publicly at the exhibition 'Diamond Divas', organized by the Antwerp World Diamond Centre.
On the August 28, 2012, episode of the Japanese antique appraisal television show Nandemo Kanteidan a Mr. Matsuki (松木悌), a Japanese management consultant resident in California appeared with what he claimed was the Moon of Baroda (http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/kantei/kaiun_db/otakara/20120828/06.html). A Japanese diamond expert, a Mr. Honma (本間悟郎), authenticated the diamond and appraised it at 150 million Yen (about $1,900,000).
A number of replicas of the diamond have been made by jewelers and put on display,

</doc>
<doc id="20022956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022956" title="Marcus Plancius Varus">
Marcus Plancius Varus

Marcus Plancius Varus was an Anatolian Roman noble who lived in the 1st century in the Roman Empire. His paternal ancestors were originally from Latium in Central Italy. They had immigrated to Anatolia in the time of the late Roman Republic. Varus came from a local, wealthy family who were prominent and they came from an unknown town in Galatia. His family owned large estates in Galatia. Apart from this, not much is known on the family and early life of Varus.
Between the years of 56-69, Varus served as a Praetor during the reign of the Roman Emperor Nero. He entered the Roman Senate as a praetor and through this entry, became a Roman Senator. After his service as a praetor, Varus implied treasonable behavior by a Roman called Dolabella. A Roman woman called Triaria (second wife of Lucius Vitellius the younger and sister-in-law to the brief future Roman Emperor Aulus Vitellius) terrified the City Prefect Titus Flavius Sabinus (brother to future Roman Emperor Vespasian) warning Sabinus not to seek a reputation for clemency by endangering Nero.
During the reign of Roman Emperor Vespasian 69-79, Varus served as a Proconsul of Bithynia and later in Pontus. During his time in Nicaea, the capital of the Roman province of Bithynia, Varus had struck coinage honoring the Roman State and of himself. At unknown date Varus married the Herodian Princess Julia, the daughter of King Tigranes VI of Armenia and sister of prince Gaius Julius Alexander. 
After his time as serving as a proconsul had ended, Varus and Julia finally settled and lived in Perga, the capital of the Roman Province of Pamphylia. Julia bore Varus two children who were:
Julia became a priestess and served in the temple of the Ancient Greek Goddess Artemis in Perga. Artemis was the most important Goddess in Perga. In Perga, the city’s most magnificent structure was the Hellenistic Gate that was the entrance to the city. Inside in the courtyard of the Hellenistic Gate, there are inscribed bases of statues that bear the names of Marcus Plancius Varus and his son.
From these inscriptions it is understood that Varus along with his son were wealthy, influential and generous citizens in Perga. Varus and his son were made benefactors whom they contributed to the prosperity of Perga. Due to the goodness and generosity of Varus and his son, they were both accepted as the second founders of the city. For who they were both honored with the title "‘’Ktistes’’" or "’’Founder’‘".
Varus also had contributed to the construction of the North Gate of Nicaea/İznik, now called Istanbul Gate, that was built between 70-71. He had appeared to have died before 81. There is a possibility that Varus could be buried west of this Gate. His epitaph was written and dedicated in common Emperorship by Vespasian and his son Titus. Varus’ epitaph is preserved inside the Istanbul Gate. His epitaph was written in metal letters:

</doc>
<doc id="20022959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022959" title="Intercity Express – Agra">
Intercity Express – Agra

Intercity Express (Train No. 1123) provides link between Indore Junction in Indore to Gwalior Junction in Gwalior. The train starts from Indore at 6:00 AM. and reaches Gwalior Junction, at around 9:50 AM.
The return leg (Train No. 1124) of the journey commences from Gwalior Junction at 5:25 PM and reaches Indore Junction at 9:40 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="20022960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022960" title="Sidney (novel)">
Sidney (novel)

Sidney is a philosophical novel by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Mercer, an Ohio River community that represents Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel tells the story of Major Mortimer Lee and his daughter Sidney. The Major has turned a pessimist by the loss of his beloved wife, and he vows to protect his daughter from love and marriage and the notion of a beneficent God.
It was first published in installments in "Atlantic Monthly" from January through October 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="20022961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20022961" title="Liam Hemsworth">
Liam Hemsworth

Liam Hemsworth (born 13 January 1990) is an Australian actor. He played the role of Josh Taylor in the soap opera "Neighbours" and as Marcus on the children's television series "The Elephant Princess". In 2010, he starred in the American film "The Last Song" and in 2012, he starred as Gale Hawthorne in "The Hunger Games" film series, based on an adaptation of Suzanne Collins' best-selling novel series. Hemsworth's older brothers, Luke and Chris, are also actors.
Early life.
Hemsworth was born in Melbourne, Australia. He is the son of Leonie, a teacher of English, and Craig Hemsworth, a social-services counselor. He has two older brothers, Chris and Luke Hemsworth, who also work as actors. Hemsworth has said that though there is competition for jobs among them, it is friendly: "We are brothers and we are always competitive, but it is a good thing, it pushes us and we are always happy whenever someone books something."
When Hemsworth was in year 8, he and his family relocated to Phillip Island, a small island. Hemsworth says he spent much of his time there surfing with his brothers. In March 2009, Hemsworth moved to the United States to pursue his career there. He and his brother Chris first stayed in the guest house of Chris's manager, William Ward, before renting their own Los Angeles apartment.
Acting career.
2007–10: Career beginnings.
Prior to becoming an actor, Hemsworth laid floors for six months. He began to seriously consider following his elder brothers' footsteps in high school by participating in school plays. Eventually, Hemsworth retained an agent. He attended his first audition at the age of sixteen and began his career in 2007 with guest appearances on the shows "Home and Away" and "McLeod's Daughters". The week of 8 July 2007, Hemsworth began filming episodes for "Neighbours", an Australian soap opera his brother Luke had previously starred in. Hemsworth's character, Josh Taylor, was a recurring character from 2007 to 2008. In the show, Josh was an athletic paraplegic who supported and began a relationship with character Bridget Parker after she was paralysed down one side of her body in a car crash. In 2008, Hemsworth began acting on the children's television show "The Elephant Princess", playing "Marcus", the lead guitarist of the protagonist's band. Hemsworth later had roles in the television series "Satisfaction" and starred in the British film "Triangle". He also made a brief appearance as an MIT student in the film "Knowing".
In 2009, Hemsworth was selected to act opposite Sylvester Stallone in Stallone's 2010 film, "The Expendables", but his character was written out of the script (Hemsworth later co-starred in "The Expendables 2"). Hemsworth's brother, Chris, told "Movieline" that just a few hours after Hemsworth learned he would not appear in "The Expendables", director Kenneth Branagh called to ask him to test for the lead role in the 2011 film "Thor". Hemsworth moved to the States in March 2009 for screen tests. Though he eventually lost the part to Chris in May, Disney announced later the same week that Hemsworth had landed the part of Will Blakelee in the 2010 drama "The Last Song", based on the Nicholas Sparks novel by the same name. Hemsworth plays the love interest of Miley Cyrus's character in the film. Nikki Finke reported that Hemsworth had been in Los Angeles for just three weeks and had not yet found an agent when he was cast. Hemsworth next appeared in the music video for Cyrus' "When I Look at You" which was recorded on 16 August 2009.
In September 2009, Hemsworth appeared at a dinner event to promote Foxtel, an Australian pay television company. In March 2010, "Details" magazine selected Hemsworth as one of their predictions for "The Next Generation of Hollywood's Leading Men". Later that month, it was announced that Hemsworth was in negotiations to star in "Arabian Nights", a 3D action film that will be directed by Chuck Russell for Inferno Entertainment. It was later confirmed that he will be starring in the movie. He has also reportedly been offered the lead role in "Northern Lights" after "Twilight" star Taylor Lautner withdrew from the David Ellison-financed project.
Hemsworth was the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2010 host. He and Miley Cyrus won the "Fave Kiss" category.
Hemsworth stars in the music video Colder Weather for Zac Brown Band.
2011–present.
On 4 April 2011, Lionsgate announced Hemsworth to be one of the leads, Gale Hawthorne, in "The Hunger Games", which was released in 2012. In June 2011, he became attached to war drama "Love and Honor" which also stars Aimee Teegarden and Teresa Palmer.
In 2013, Hemsworth appeared in "Empire State", with Emma Roberts, and "Paranoia", co-starring Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman and Amber Heard. The latter film was released in August to negative reviews and poor box-office receipts. Hemsworth's performance in "Paranoia" was panned, The New York Times concluded that "he ambles through the role like an obedient robot." The Hollywood Reporter felt "he never fully engages our sympathy."
He reprised his role, Gale Hawthorne, in the sequel to "The Hunger Games", "", which was released in November 2013.
On June 11, 2012, Los Angeles-based non-profit organization Australians in Film announced that Hemsworth would be honored at an exclusive Benefit Dinner on June 27, 2012 in Hollywood. Hemsworth attended the invitation only event, held at the Intercontinental Hotel in Century City, with his then fiancée Miley Cyrus. It was their first public appearance together as an engaged couple.
Personal life.
While filming "The Last Song" in June 2009, Hemsworth began a relationship with his co-star Miley Cyrus. After three years of having a on-again, off-again relationship, the couple announced their engagement in June 2012. They lived together in Los Angeles but ended their relationship in September 2013.
Hemsworth is the ambassador of the Australian Childhood Foundation. Hemsworth talked about his association with the foundation, "I have the best parents you can have. They have worked in child protection for twenty years and have only ever given me encouragement and support. The world is a scary enough place as it is for children. It is important that home should always be a safe place for them." When asked if he believed he was a hero to children, Liam said he did not know, but that he would like to be a good role model.
Awards and nominations.
On June 27, 2012 Liam Hemsworth was presented with the Australians in Film Breakthrough Award for international success. 

</doc>
<doc id="20023003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023003" title="New York Artist Series">
New York Artist Series

New York Artist Series is an arts, entertainment, media and events company in New York City.
New York Artist Series includes a record label, film company, management, gallery and events company. Producing over 100 events in the NYC area including fashion shows, concerts, art exhibits and film screenings.
New York Artist Series also runs an online editorial portal which covers art, music, fashion and film at www.newyorkartistseries.com.
The New York Artist Series most recently was to take over the former Limelight nightclub in NYC and turn it into a center for special events, filming, concerts and a whole series of New York Artist Series branded events including concerts, and a fashion week. One part of the building was to include an art gallery as well. The New York Artist Series is currently seeking a $60 million equity investment to acquire another undisclosed location in New York.
The New York Artist Series was created in January 2002 by Joe DiRosa, and is the first of the Artist Series companies which include the New York Artist Series, L.A. Artist Series, and the Miami Artist Series. There are also plans for a London, Paris and Tokyo Artist Series as well as an Artist Series TV cable channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20023019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023019" title="Vidaković">
Vidaković

Vidaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Видаковић) is a South Slavic surname derived from Vidak and Vida family names. It is associated with Serbs, Croats, Bunjevci and Montenegrins ethnic groups and is commonly found in present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Serbia. 
It may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="20023033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023033" title="James Johnston (Colonel)">
James Johnston (Colonel)

James Johnston (1742 – July 23, 1805) was an American soldier and a member of the North Carolina Provincial Congress.
Biography.
Colonel James Johnston was born (ca.1742 and died on July 23, 1805) in North Carolina. He was the son of Henry Johnston of Scottish descent. He was married to Jane Ewart, the daughter of Robert Ewart. James Johnston was an early patriot of Tryon County, North Carolina. Later Lincoln County, North Carolina. James first entered the service of his country, as a captain of a company in the Winter of 1776,under then colonel William Graham. He was in many notable battles, but his most famous battle was the battle of Kings Mountain. In this battle he led the rear guard,as one of ten colonels. This rear guard consisted of about 90 men, under his command. He was called into the battle within the first 20 minutes of battle. He and his fellow colonels had a complete victory over the British and Tory forces. His militia unit was from the Mecklenburg military district. In his later life he was chosen as a delegate to the North Carolina, Provincial Congress, which met on the 4th of April in 1776. He was a fellow delegate with colonel Charles McLean.

</doc>
<doc id="20023054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023054" title="Hershey Open">
Hershey Open

The Hershey Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1933 to 1941. It was played at the Hershey Country Club in Hershey, Pennsylvania on what is now called the West Course. It was played as a 72-hole stroke play event every year except 1938. That year, it was played as an 126-hole round-robin match play tournament with eight two-man teams and called the Hershey Four-Ball. The format was identical to the one used by the Inverness Invitational Four-Ball. The event was not held in 1940 when the club hosted the PGA Championship.
Three times it was won by the resident golf pro—Henry Picard in 1936 and 1937 and Ben Hogan in his first year at Hershey in 1941.
Winners.
Hershey Open
Hershey Four-Ball
Hershey Open

</doc>
<doc id="20023064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023064" title="Polston">
Polston

Polston is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20023065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023065" title="Kenn Reefs">
Kenn Reefs

Kenn Reef is a submerged coral atoll off the Pacific coast of Queensland, Australia. It is about 15 by 8 km and appears as either a backward facing “L“ or a boot. The reef covers an area of approximately 40 km², with an islet in the Southeast part of the reef called Observatory Cay which is approximately 2 m above the high tide level
It is part of the Coral Sea Islands and is over 280 nm north-east from Gladstone, Queensland. 
Kenn Reef is located on part of a submerged continental block, called the Kenn Plateau. This block drifted from Australia around 64 to 52 million years ago. The atoll is believed to be volcanic in origin. 
The reef was discovered by Mr. Alexander Kenn, Master of the ship "William Shand", on her passage from Sydney to Batavia,
General.
Kenn Reef is a remotely situated reef in the south eastern waters of the Coral Sea, it lies approximately 100 km northeast from Bird Islet part of the Wreck Reefs and 140 km southeast from the Frederick Reefs; the Bellona Reefs of New Caledonia are located a further 277 km to the east, with the Australian mainland being located over 500 km to the southwest.
Kenn Reef is part of a submerged continental block, called the Kenn Plateau. The Kenn Plateau lies off the north eastern Australian coast and is a region characterised by a series of prominent, bathymetric troughs and marginal plateaux. And is submerged by 1000 m to over 3000 m of water. The Kenn Plateau, covers around 100,000 km², an area larger than the Tasmanian landmass. 
Various islands and reefs, whose origin is thought to be related to the Tasmantid Chain of volcanic seamounts, lie along the western margin of the Kenn Plateau and include the well known Kenn Reef and Bird and Cato Island.
The Kenn Plateau is thought to have formed as a sliver of continental crust, resulting from the rifting and seafloor spreading that occurred between 95 and 52 million years ago, along the eastern Australian margin forming the Tasman and Coral Sea basins 
The Kenn Reef areas consists of four main reefs which cover an area of approximately 40 km² looking like a backward facing L-shaped structure (or boot) of 15 km in length, with a maximum width of 8 km along the southern edge. 
The three southerly reefs (the toe, foot & ankle and shin of the boot) lie upon a common shelf from which the northern (leg) reef is separated from by a deep channel. The smallest unit and most westerly of this chain (the toe), contains a conspicuous boulder, 1.8m high, on its NE side, which from a distance appears as part of a wreck. Landing can be made on the SW side of the reef. An exposed wreck of a long liner lies on the S side of the reef.
The ankle or the South Eastern reef is the largest reef and with two sand cays on the SW part of the reef the only permanently emergent land the tiny Observatory Cay , which is about l00m by 50m and 2m high with a little vegetation. The western side of the ankle of the reef complex forms a bay All the reefs dry at half-tide, and the sea breaks over all of them except for the South Western reef.
The Northern (or leg) reef encloses a shallow lagoon, which is entered on its Western side near the Southern end.
History.
Kenn's Reef was discovered on 3 April 1824 by Alexander Kenn, Master of the ship "William Shand", on her passage from Sydney to Batavia (modern day Jakarta) and was described as “extending in the direction of North West by North 1/2 North for ten miles, and is composed of sand and rocks, some of which, at the south end, were six or eight feet out of the water: it is six miles broad; the centre of the edge (? north) is in latitude 21 degrees 9 minutes, and longitude 155 degrees 49 minutes (by chronometer and lunars): it was found to bear South 67 degrees West, six miles from Bird Islet, of Wreck Reef”
The "William Shand" at the time was considered a new fast sailing ship owned by Lumsdon & Co with the vessel constructed in 1818 in Sunderland, UK. The vessel was single deck ship with beams; sheathed in copper in 1822 and with a displacement of 294 tons and a draft under load of 15 feet and had already made several trips from the UK to Hobart and Sydney carrying cargo (typically with a cargo of cedar, oil, and other articles, procured in the Colony for the return journey) and both steerage and Cabin Passengers
Captain Alexander Kenn, Master of the ship "William Shand" died on or about 7 February 1829 at Launceston in Van Diemen's Land
Known Shipwrecks on the Reef.
"Bona Vista".
"Bona Vista" 18 March 1828 Kenn Reef, 280 miles east of Mackay; Ship; an anchor still visible on Kenn Reef (?) may be from the ""Bona Vista"" wrecked there on 18 March 1828. Capt. Robert Towns and crew spent several weeks on the reef before being rescued by the "Asia".
"Jenny Lind".
"Jenny Lind" Wrecked 21 September 1850 while underway from Melbourne to Singapore under the command of Joseph Taylor struck Kenn Reef, 280 miles east of Mackay. The carvel wooden Barque struck the Reef with its aft and she lay broadside on with seas pounding over her. 28 passengers and crew landed small island and built a boat out of the wreckage. Set out with a small supply of food. No lives lost. the "Jenny Lind"was a wooden Barque vessel of 484 or 475? ton built in Quebec CANADA Launched Thursday, 15 July 1847 by T.C. Lee, Esq., from his ship-yard, at St. Roch and registered in Plymouth (Registered number: 15/1848) under the owner Brent & Co
"The "Jenny Lind", left Melbourne for Singapore, on Tuesday, 3 September, being chartered to proceed from Singapore to London or Liverpool. The ship's company consisted of Captain Taylor, Mr. Masters, chief mate, Mr. Harpur, second mate, and sixteen seamen and apprentices. The passengers were Mr. Beal, Mr. Noble, Mr. Ackermann, Mrs. Harpur, and Mr and Mrs. Somerset and three children. Mr. Beal, Mr. Noble, and Mrs. Harpur were passengers to London ; the others had taken their passage to Singapore. The weather seems to have been very variable until 21 September, no observation having been taken for two days previously, in consequence of the sun being obscured. The chief mate took charge of the watch at ten minutes past four in the morning of the 21st, and enjoined the man on the forecastle to keep a sharp look out, as the sun had not been taken for two days ; and at the same time he directed the man at the helm to keep the ship N. by W. The wind at the time was W. by S, and the ship going nine knots through the water. Immediately afterwards the officer of the watch saw something black ahead, and asked the lookout man what it was, and he answered that it was the reflection of a heavy black cloud that was hanging overhead. A quick glance over the gangway seems to have shown the' mate better, and be immediately had the helm port hard up, and all hands called fore and aft. The vessel wore off to the wind, but before the braces could be touched, she struck aft, and immediately afterwards lay broadside on to the reef, the sea making breaches over her. ' The masts were cut away, but the vessel continued to lurch heavily upon the reef, and it was plain that she must soon break up. An attempt was made to launch the pinnace, but this was unsuccessful, and the captain got his leg hurt in the attempt.
After great difficulty the jolly boat was launched, and two hands being placed in her, she was taken to a rock at a short distance, inside the reef, and there secured. The safety boat was then launched, and the difficulty of this process will -be understood when it isremembered that the vessel was nearly on her beam ends, and that the boats had to be hoisted 1 to the davits on the upper quarter, and thence launched into the sea. 
When the second boat was launched, the women and children were first taken off in her jolly boat, which served as a temporary depot. In this way all hands were got out in three trips, some of the seamen jumping overboard from the jolly-boat when she was getting overloaded, and holding her on; the water being shoal near the rock. 
When all had left the ship, the people were divided in the two boats, and made for a coral bank, partly covered with sand, which lay about half a mile away. This place they all reached in safety. The islet on which they landed was about 150 yards long by 40 wide. In the course of the afternoon some provisions and about four gallons of water were procured from the wreck, and about half a gill of water was served out to each person. 
Next day some sails were procured, also some more provisions, and a small keg containing lime juice. The captain had saved some of his charts and nautical instruments, and got them away when the boat left the wreck. A search was made for the mail, but it could not be found, as the vessel was completely bilged, and fast breaking up.
On Monday a copper boiler and some lead piping, together with a cistern, having been procured from the wreck at low water, Mr. Phillip Beal (a son, we understand, of the Rev. W. Beal of Exeter, and lately surgeon of the ship Rajah), succeeded in distilling fresh water from the sea water, and half a pint was served to each person that evening; the fuel for the purpose being procured from the wreck. 
On the next day, after consultation, it was resolved to attempt the building of a boat large enough to carry all hands in safety to some port, and accordingly three divisions were made of the men ; one portion to assist in saving necessary articles from the wreck, another to assist Mr. Beal in distilling water for their sustenance, and the third in building the boat. Some carpenters' tools were procured from the wreck, and timber from time to time, and in this way the judicious arrangements that bad been made were effectively carried out. The men employed at the wreck succeeded in saving many necessary articles, including some clothing ; the boat builder's department, under the superintendence of the ship's carpenter, assisted by some persons who had a slight knowledge of boat-building, were actively employed ; and Mr. Beal and his assistants were continually engaged in sustaining the lives of the people by distilling the sea water. 
An attempt had been made to find fresh water by digging, but the diggers only came on the coral, which afforded to them no more relief than they could get by sucking from it the fresh moisture that had exuded through the sand. During their stay at this solitary, place some relics of former wrecks were found. A rusty chain was discovered on the reef, and some boat boards and other pieces of timber in other places, also some cinders, as if a fire had been made on one of the banks.
By 25 September Mr. Beale had so far improved his machinery by means of articles procured from the wreck, that he was enabled to obtain twenty-five gallons of fresh water that day, and thenceforth the supply to the people was more liberal. The provisions, however, began to get short, and the allowance was reduced to half a pound of flour a day, which had to be made into pudding, with salt water. The little biscuit they had was preserved for a sea stock, as was also all the water that could be put by. 
At length, on 26 October, the boat upon which all their hopes depended was launched successfully. It was found that she sat well upon the water, but leaked considerably, and two days more were occupied in repairing that defect, and getting her rigged and stowed. These operations being completed, the adventurers got under way on 29 October, twenty-two persons being in the craft that had been built, and six in the safety boat. They made for Moreton Bay, and the wind was favourable until Saturday last, when it blew from the southward, and they had to cast anchor in a small bay to the southward of Wide Bay, where they saw some natives, but, not liking their manner, refused to allow them on board. 
When the wind again shifted they made sail for Brisbane, and, after some difficulty in discovering the mouth of the river, succeeded in reaching within a few miles of the town on Tuesday night, and arrived in Brisbane next morning; all of them, including women and children, being comparatively well and hearty, after having been thirty-seven days on a desolate coral bank in the Pacific.
The preservation of these people is most remarkable. All persons appear to nave exerted themselves in an extraordinary mannerly to remedy their condition; but there can be no doubt that to Mr. Beal is due the credit of every life saved, for if he had not brought science to bear upon their difficulties, and supplied them with water when there was scarcely a hope of it, the hot sun of that latitude and the burning sand on which they were encamped, would have made short work with them.
Captain Wickham, on behalf of the government, supplied the shipwrecked mariners with lodging and rations; the females and the children have been quartered with the matron of the immigrant depot, and we believe that the inhabitants generally have exerted themselves to assist the sufferers. Mr. Smith, of the Victoria Hotel, supplied provisions to the men while their rations were being prepared. We are informed that the reef on which the "Jenny Lind" struck was not laid down on the chart of the Australian coast (dated 1849), with which the ship was provided. The cargo of the Jenny Lind consisted only of a small quantity of flour and beef. We understand that she was partly insured." 
"Alfred Vittery".
"Alfred Vittery" Lost 9 March 1884 on Kenn Reef the vessel was built in Brixham UK in 1860 built by J & S Dewdney, a 121 ton, 2 masted schooner trader, launched July 1860. Official no.28947 In 1863, Master Smith, Owner Vittery. Registered DH. In 1876 to Master Johnson, Owner Vittery. In 1877 to Master Gill, Owner Vittery in later times it was owned by Noakes & P.
"Hester".
"Hester" 21 April 1854 Kenn's Reef, 250 miles north of Port Curtis Dutch vessel commanded by Capt A.Vietor. Lost on Kenn's Reef along with other Dutch vessel "Doelwijk". They had left Sydney on their way to Batavia. Crew got away in boats and arrived safely in Gladstone. The "Hester" was a wooden carvel vessel of 856 ton built in Amsterdam, Netherlands by Oranjeboom Werf in 1833 and registered in Amsterdam under the owner Boissevain & Co.
"Doelwijk".
"Doelwijk" 21 April 1854 Kenn's Reef, 250 miles north of Port Curtis. Dutch vessel commanded by Capt J.H. Zeeman. Lost on Kenn's Reef along with another Dutch vessel "Hester". They had left Sydney on their way to Batavia. Crew got away in boats but were never seen again. The "Doelwijk" was a wooden carvel barque of 725 ton built in Kinderdijk, Netherlands in 1850 and registered in Rotterdam.
"Delta".
"Delta" ran aground on Kenn Reef 30 May 1854 under the master of J.G.Kunst the "Delta" was a wooden carvel 902 ton vessel built in Dordrecht, Netherlands in 1839.
"Oliver van Noort".
"Oliver van Noort" was wrecked on 7 January 1858 on Kenn Reef. The ship ran aground on the same reef within hours of the wreck of "Rodney" with which it was in company on their way from Sydney to Batavia. Crew rescued. the "Oliver van Noort" was a wooden carvel barque of 607 ton built in Rotterdam, Netherlands in 1851 and owned by C.Balguerie.
"Rodney".
"Rodney" 7 January 1858 Kenn Reef Barque. Wrecked on Kenn Reef within hours of the wreck of "Oliver van Noort" on the same reef under the command of Master Bissett. Crew rescued. the "Rodney" was a wooden carvel ship of 877 ton built in Sunderland, United Kingdom in 1850 registered in London and owned by Green & Co. The Rodney had previously been used in the transportation of convicts and was able to hold 312 convicts on board.

</doc>
<doc id="20023083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023083" title="Liu Congyi">
Liu Congyi

Liu Congyi (劉從一) (742 – November 4, 785) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Liu Congyi was born in 742, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. He came from a line of officials of Tang Dynasty, starting with his great-great-grandfather Liu Linfu (劉林甫). His great-granduncle Liu Xiangdao served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong, and Liu Xiangdao's son Liu Jingxian served as a chancellor late in the reign of Emperor Gaozong as well as the regency of Emperor Gaozong's wife Empress Dowager Wu (later known as Wu Zetian) over their sons Emperor Zhongzong and Emperor Ruizong. Liu Congyi's grandfather Liu Lingzhi (劉令植) served as a deputy minister, while his father Liu Ruzhi (劉孺之) served as the deputy mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆), which included the Tang capital Chang'an.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Liu Congyi himself passed the imperial examinations when he was young, and during the "Dali" era (766-779) of Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, he passed a special examination for those who could write in a grand style. He was thereafter made "Xiaoshulang" (校書郎), an editor at the archival bureau (秘書省, "Mishu Sheng"). He subsequently served as the sheriff of Weinan County (渭南, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi). Because his behavior was elegant, he was respected by the official Chang Gun, and after Chang became chancellor in 777, he made Liu "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史), an imperial censor. Later, though, when Liu's mother died, he left governmental service to observe a period of mourning for her.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
When Liu Congyi's mourning period was complete, the emperor was Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, and the most powerful chancellor was Lu Qi. Lu recommended Liu, and Liu returned to the bureau of censors as "Shiyushi" (侍御史). After several months, because a relative of his was also becoming an imperial censor, under Tang regulations that relatives should not serve at the same agency, he was made "Xingbu Yuanwailang" (刑部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu"). In 783, with Li Xilie the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) rebelling against imperial rule, Emperor Dezong, believing that the armies sent against Li Xilie needed a supreme commander to coordinate their actions, commissioned his son Li Yi (李誼) the Prince of Pu to be the supreme commander of the forces against Huaixi, and he made Liu a secretary for Li Yi.
However, before Li Yi could depart Chang'an, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east against Li Xilie or other warlords, mutinied after they were not awarded as they believed they deserved. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). Many officials followed him there, including Liu. The Jingyuan soldiers supported the general Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu soon claimed imperial title of his own state of Qin, competing with Emperor Dezong. While Emperor Dezong was thus kept at Fengtian, he made Liu the deputy minister of justice (刑部侍郎, "Xingbu Shilang") and gave him the designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto", along with Xiao Fu and Jiang Gongfu. When Emperor Dezong was forced to further flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) in 784, he made Liu "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), and continued to have Liu serve as chancellor. It was said that Liu was much liked by Emperor Dezong and was known for being careful and virtuous personally, but did not help Emperor Dezong correct his ways. After the general Li Sheng destroyed Zhu's regime later in 784 and allowed Emperor Dezong to return to Chang'an, there was an incident in which Xiao, who had just returned from a mission to survey the southern circuits, recommended that Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊), the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), who had submitted to Li Xilie during the time Emperor Dezong was away from Chang'an, be replaced by Wei Gao — a Fengxiang officer who had resisted Li Chulin. Emperor Dezong agreed. He sent the imperial eunuch messenger Ma Qinxu (馬欽緒) to inform Liu and ask Liu to discuss this matter with Xiao without consulting fellow chancellors Li Mian and Lu Han. However, Xiao was surprised by this, and, finding it inappropriate that Emperor Dezong was keeping secrets away from Li Mian and Lu, as fellow chancellors, stated:
When Liu informed Emperor Dezong about this, Emperor Dezong was displeased. Xiao, seeing that he had lost the emperor's favor, resigned. Further, when Emperor Dezong tried to promote Lu Qi, who had been exiled after being blamed for causing Zhu's rebellion, in 785, and the imperial attendant Yuan Gao (袁高) objected, Liu and Lu Han did not dare to support Yuan's position. Yuan had to protest the decision along with several of his junior colleagues and finally prevailed on Emperor Dezong to change Emperor Dezong's mind.
Liu grew ill in late 785 and offered to resign. On November 3, 785, Emperor Dezong removed him from his chancellor position and made him the minister of census (戶部尚書, "Hubu Shangshu"). Liu died the next day and was publicly mourned.

</doc>
<doc id="20023104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023104" title="Adriana (plant)">
Adriana (plant)

Adriana is a genus of shrubs in the family Euphorbiaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20023125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023125" title="Gaius Plancius Varus">
Gaius Plancius Varus

Gaius Plancius Varus was a Roman who lived between the 1st century and 2nd century in the Roman Empire. Varus was the son of Roman Senator, Proconsul Marcus Plancius Varus and the Herodian Princess Julia. His sister was Plancia Magna, he was therefore the maternal uncle to Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus. Varus was born and raised in Perga, the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia.
His maternal grandparents were King Tigranes VI of Armenia and his wife Opgalli, while his maternal uncle was prince Gaius Julius Alexander. Varus was of Roman, Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian and Persian ancestry. Varus’ maternal ancestors were King Archelaus of Cappadocia, King of Judea Herod the Great and his wife Mariamne. Varus along with his maternal cousins were among the last known descendants of the Herodian Dynasty. He appeared to be an apostate to Judaism. It is unlikely that Varus attempted to exert influence on Judean Politics.
Varus served as a Roman Senator and became a consul at an unknown date during the reign of the Roman Emperor Hadrian who ruled the Roman Empire from 117-138. It is unknown whether if Varus had married or had any children. 
In Perga, the city’s most magnificent structure was the Hellenistic Gate that was the entrance to the city. Inside in the courtyard of the Hellenistic Gate, there are inscribed bases of statues that bear the names of Varus and his father. From these inscriptions it is understood that Varus with his father were wealthy, influential and generous citizens in Perga. Varus and his father were made benefactors whom they contributed to the prosperity of Perga. Due to the goodness and generosity of Varus and his father, they were both accepted as the second founders of the city. For who they were both honored with the title "‘’Ktistes’’" or "’’Founder’‘".

</doc>
<doc id="20023127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023127" title="Tainy production discography">
Tainy production discography

Tainy is a Puerto Rican reggaeton producer born on August 9, 1989. The following is an incomplete list of almost every song his has produced or co-produced.
2005.
Luny Tunes & Baby Ranks - Mas Flow 2
Zion & Lennox - 
Hector "El Bambino" & Naldo - Sangre Nueva
2010.
Ivy Queen - Drama Queen

</doc>
<doc id="20023146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023146" title="Stanley Palmer (artist)">
Stanley Palmer (artist)

Stanley Palmer (born 1936) is a New Zealand painter and printmaker.
Stanley Palmer was born near Thames in the Coromandel, New Zealand and studied at Dunedin Technical College in the late 1950s. Although he has become well known for his prints, his formative years were spent painting. In 1969 he was awarded a Queen Elizabeth II Art Council grant and in 1970 he quit his day job as an art teacher to became a professional printmaker and painter.
By the late 1970s his printmaking repertoire included woodcuts, monoprints and bamboo engravings. The scenes he portrays mainly feature New Zealand coasts with themes of colonisation, conservation, humanity and the land.
Palmer has had regular and numerous one-man exhibitions at leading galleries in Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin.
His work is represented in the national art collection housed in the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa and also in most other New Zealand public collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20023186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023186" title="Zaki Azmi">
Zaki Azmi

Tun Zaki bin Tun Azmi (born September 12, 1945 in Alor Setar) was the sixth Chief Justice of Malaysia. He was appointed by the King on October 21, 2008 after his predecessor, Abdul Hamid Mohamed, retired from office.
Zaki, who was previously a practising lawyer, was directly appointed as a Federal Court judge on September 5, 2007—a first in Malaysian judicial history. Zaki is the son of former Lord President of the Federal Court Mohamed Azmi Mohamed. He was appointed as President of the Court of Appeal in December 2007.
Zaki's appointment as a Federal Court judge has been criticised by the Opposition citing his swift ascendency, presence of more senior judges, and the fact that he was a legal adviser to the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the major component party in the ruling coalition, just prior to his appointment as a judge.
Background.
Early in his life, Zaki attended school in Sultan Abdul Hamid College in Alor Setar, furthering his studies at Anderson School in Ipoh and finally in English College Johore Bahru.
As Barrister-at-law and lawyer.
Zaki became a Barrister-at-law through Lincoln's Inn in London, served at the Attorney General's Chambers from 1969 to 1970, and later served the subordinate courts from 1970 to 1973. In 1973, Zaki returned to the Attorney General's Chambers serving as a Federal Counsel and in 1976 he became a senior Federal Counsel under the Ministry of Home Affairs. Zaki was called to the Malayan Bar in 1983 and practised as a lawyer at Shahrizat Rashid & Lee beginning 1985.
Zaki also served as a legal adviser to United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), where he was the party's Disciplinary Committee Chairman and had served the party in other areas as well.
As Federal Court judge.
On September 5, 2007, Zaki was appointed as Federal Court judge. Later on December 11, 2007 he became the President of the Court of Appeal. Zaki finally became Chief Justice on October 21, 2008, having served little more than a year in Malaysia's superior court system. His appointment as Federal Court judge as well as subsequent promotions has sparked concern by various segment of the public due to his close ties with UMNO. This concern became more apparent as he has only served the judiciary for less than 5 years in total.
Zaki began his job by announcing that he would get tough and take action against errant judges to prevent the image of the judiciary from being tarnished.
Controversy.
On November 7, 2008 Chief Justice Tan Sri Zaki Azmi made the announcement that two retired judges were suspected to be corrupt. He said he knew them personally but did not take action against them.
Further to this, there has been strong links between Tun Zaki Azmi and the government of Malaysia which would have signaled a conflict of interest should he become the Chief Justice of Malaysia. Recently, it was revealed that a company linked to former chief justice Tun Zaki Azmi and Umno lawyer Hafarizam Harun may have been given the concession for the Kinrara-Damansara Exchange (Kidex), a road project awarded by the government.
The award of the contract was purportedly made by the government just before the CJ retired. His wife is the shareholder of the company that is said to have been awarded the lucrative contract valued at RM2.2 billion.
Before his retirement in September 2011, the Judges’ Remuneration Act (JRA) 1971 was amended to allow a chief justice, president or chief judge to claim for maximum pension after holding the office for more than three years. Previously, the provision required a chief justice to also serve a total of 10 years as a judge, out of which, three years must be spent holding the position of chief justice, president or chief judge. Opposition lawmaker Lim Kit Siang as well as some lawyers alleged that the amendment was made for the sole benefit of Zaki Azmi. Zaki had spent less than five years as a judge but more than three years in aggregate as president of the court of appeal and as chief justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20023187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023187" title="USS Wando (AT-17)">
USS Wando (AT-17)

The second USS "Wando" (Tug No. 17), later YT-17, later YT-123, later YTB-123, was a United States Navy tug in commission from 1917 to 1946.
Construction and commissioning.
"Wando" (Tug No. 17) was laid down on 14 June 1915 by the Charleston Navy Yard. Launched on 7 March 1916, she was commissioned on 3 April 1917 with Boatswain J. W. Bettens in command.
First period in commission (1917-1922).
"Wando" remained at the Charleston Navy Yard until 15 April 1917, when she got underway for New England waters and, with the ferryboat USS "Wave" (YFB-10) in tow, steamed north, via Lynnhaven Roads, Virginia, and the New York Navy Yard in New York City, arriving at Newport, Rhode Island, on 21 April 1917. Shifting to Boston, Massachusetts via the Cape Cod Canal soon thereafter, she towed a coal barge to the New York Navy Yard on 25 April and 26 April 1917, and subsequently towed the scout cruiser USS "Salem" (CL-3) from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to the Boston Navy Yard before she returned, via Philadelphia, to the Charleston navy Yard on 19 May 1917, towing the torpedo boat USS "Barney" (TB-25).
After brief tours of duty at Georgetown, South Carolina, and Jacksonville, Florida, "Wando" sailed for Hampton Roads, Virginia, anchoring with the fleet in the York River on 11 June 1917. Through the summer of 1917, the tug performed various utility duties —mostly towing targets and lighters, shifting target rafts, and planting buoys - operating out of Tangier Sound and Yorktown, Virginia. During that time, she assisted the grounded battleship USS "Louisiana" (Battleship No. 19) on 6 July 1917.
In mid-August 1917, "Wando" underwent repairs at the Norfolk Navy Yard and there received a "minesweeping outfit." She departed Norfolk, Virginia, on 23 August 1917, heading for New York waters, and reached "Base 10" — Port Jefferson, Long Island, New York — on the morning of 25 August 1917. From there she shifted to New London, Connecticut, where she received additional minesweeping gear from Baltimore, Maryland. On the evening of 8 September 1917, "Wando" embarked Captain Reginald R. Belknap, Commander, Mine Force, and transported him to Newport, Rhode Island, arriving there later that evening. "Wando" subsequently performed buoy and net-tending functions off the Cornfield Light Vessel from 10 September 1917 to 13 September 1917.
"Wando" returned to New London on 16 September 1917 and the following day had more minesweeping gear installed. She again transported Captain Belknap as a passenger, from New London to Newport, before heading for Norfolk. For the remainder of September, "Wando" operated at "Base One," Tangier Sound, mooring target rafts, working on target moorings, and making brief trips to the Norfolk Navy Yard for repairs or supplies. "Wando" subsequently remained in the Chesapeake Bay-Hampton Roads-Tangier Sound region through the autumn months of 1917 and into the winter.
Detached from her duty with the Mine Force on 19 November 1917, "Wando" resumed her operations with the Atlantic Fleet Train. However, she continued to perform the same basic duties, serving as target and net tender and delivering mail and dispatches through the end of March 1918. She subsequently towed targets for battleships engaging in gunnery exercises off the southern drill grounds, off the Virginia Capes, and later laid buoys at the Potomac River Torpedo Range, off the mouth of the St. Mary's River.
"Wando" deployed in the Caribbean for the first time in early 1919. Underway from Norfolk on 6 February 1919, she arrived at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on 14 February 1919, with "Pontoon No. 23" in tow. She performed her unglamorous service functions for the Fleet — towing targets, lighters, and barges, and delivering men and mail — in Cuban waters at Guantanamo Bay, Guacanayabo Bay, and Manzanillo Bay until 17 April 1919, when she headed back to the United States.
Reaching New York on the 18 April 1919, "Wando" subsequently shifted to Hoboken, New Jersey, where she underwent repairs over the first few days of May 1919. Returning to Norfolk on 6 May 1919, "Wando" towed targets and performed general utility service with the Atlantic Fleet Train through mid-July 1919 and then operated in waters off the northern part of the United States East Coast out of Newport, New London, and New York. She remained at New York City from 10 August 1919 to 10 January 1920.
Underway for Norfolk on 10 January 1920, "Wando" arrived there the next day but, on 14 January 1920, sailed south for Charleston. which she reached on 16 January 1920. Detached from the Atlantic Fleet Train on 26 January 1920, "Wando" was simultaneously assigned duties as a yard craft at the Charleston Navy Yard, her crew reduced to 14 men. While on active duty at Charleston, she was classified AT-17 on 17 July 1920, during the fleet-wide assignment of alphanumeric hull numbers.
"Wando" operated in the 6th Naval District, out of the Charleston Navy Yard, until 18 April 1922, when she was decommissioned and placed in reserve.
Second period in commission (1933-1946).
"Wando" recommissioned at the Mare Island Navy Yard at Vallejo, California, on 15 March 1933. She was reclassified on 27 February 1936 from a seagoing tug (AT-17) to a harbor tug, YT-123.
Assigned to the 13th Naval District after her recommissioning to operate at the Puget Sound Navy Yard at Bremerton, Washington, "Wando" performed her vital but unsung tug services from the late 1930s through World War II. On 15 April 1944, she was reclassified again to a large harbor tug, YTB-123, a classification she carried for the remainder of her active naval service.
Final decommissioning and sale.
Ultimately placed both out of service and out of commission and 3 July 1946, "Wando" was delivered to the Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administrationfor disposal. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 30 December 1946, and she was acquired by the Puget Sound Tug and Barge Company on 28 April 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20023190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023190" title="Bird Walk">
Bird Walk

"Bird Walk" is the first single from Soulja Boy's 2008 album "iSouljaBoyTellem". Soulja Boy performed the song at MTV's Made Head-to-Head Hip Hop Challenge with the contestants doing the "Bird Walk".
Song information.
The song was performed on the first "YouTube Live" on November 22, 2008, with an introduction from MC Hammer.
Track listing.
CD single
Download
Music video.
The music video was shot at Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Georgia. The video features Soulja Boy in a football uniform playing running back. Cameo appearances are made by Arab, Ja-Bar, CashCamp, and Miami Mike.
Chart performance.
The single peaked at number 40 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number 17 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart. It also peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart on the week of January 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20023195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023195" title="Libya national basketball team">
Libya national basketball team

The Libyan national basketball team represents Libya in international basketball matches and is controlled by the "Kurat As-Sallah al-Leebiyyah" (Libyan Basketball Federation). Libya has been an official affiliate of FIBA since 1961.
Whenever Libya shows up at an international tournament, the team is quite competitive. They finished 5th at the African Basketball Championship twice. The country hosted the 2009 event where they finished 11th, ahead of heavily favored Morocco and Mozambique.
International Competitions.
Overall, Libya has competed in many international competitions, including the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games, and the 2007 Pan Arab Games. The Libyan national team participated in the FIBA Africa Championship games four times, in 1965, 1970, 1978 and 2009, where they placed fifth, fifth, tenth and eleventh respectively.
Performance at Summer Olympics.
"yet to qualify"<br><br>
Performance at World Championships.
"yet to qualify"<br><br>
Performance at FIBA Africa Championship.
<br>
2008 Arabian Basketball Cup.
They competed in the Arabian Basketball Cup 2008 in Group B alongside the Tunisia national basketball team, Algeria national basketball team, Iraq national basketball team, and Saudi Arabia national basketball team. In group play, they finished with 2 wins (versus Saudi Arabia, and Iraq) and 2 losses (versus Algeria and Tunisia). After their 70–59 victory over Iraq, and a 65–60 win against Saudi Arabia, the Libyan team can enter the second stage of the league if Tunisia defeats Algeria on 30 October 2008. After completing their matches in the competition, the Libyan team’s full results are as following.

</doc>
<doc id="20023215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023215" title="Sansabelt">
Sansabelt

Sansabelt is a brand of men’s trousers. The Sansabelt slack was invented by Silver Manufacturer, located in East Chicago, Indiana, which subsequently sold the company and their patent to Jaymar-Ruby, an Indiana-based clothing company, in 1959. The trousers have a wide elastic band sewn into the waist, which is intended to make a belt or suspenders unnecessary, hence the name (“sans a belt”).
Jaymar-Ruby, with its Sansabelt brand, was acquired by Hartmarx in 1967.
On 24 January 2009, Hartmarx Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Florida.
According to the official Sansabelt website, "starting Late Fall 2013, SANSABELT is back in stores".
Trivia.
On the "Good Eats" episode "Ear Apparent", when making creamed corn, chef Alton Brown remarks "back before the days when I started seriously eyeing the Sansabelt pants rack, I used to put lots of cream in here. Sometimes a quart for one batch." In episode "Mussel Bound" he says "But I gotta tell ya, I'm already Sansabelt challenged here, (...)" when explaining why he is not going to use butter or cream to thicken a sauce.
In the movie "Zoolander", Sansabelt slacks are mentioned in reference to the involvement of male models in the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
In the movie "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", a Jaymar/Sansabelt store can be seen in the background at the end of the parade scene.
In the first episode of "Wings", Roy Biggins is accused of having fashion passing him by since he is still wearing Sansabelt pants.
In the "Janet Evanovich" book, Plum Lucky, "Stephanie Plum", as the narrator states "They were middle-aged thugs, dressed in bowling shirts and Sansabelt slacks. Their hair was slicked back. Their shoes were scuffed and run down at the heel. Their guns weren’t as big as ours."

</doc>
<doc id="20023227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023227" title="Sugar (Armand Van Helden song)">
Sugar (Armand Van Helden song)

"Sugar" is the fifth and final single from American DJ Armand Van Helden's sixth album "Nympho". 

</doc>
<doc id="20023232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023232" title="Wando">
Wando

Wando may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20023236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023236" title="Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa Sr. Memorial State College of Agriculture and Technology">
Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa Sr. Memorial State College of Agriculture and Technology

The Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa, Sr. Memorial State College of Agriculture and Technology (DEBESMSCAT) is a state college located at Cabitan, Mandaon, Masbate, Philippines. It operates, in cooperation with LGU-Cawayan, Masbate, a Learning Site at Cawayan offering short-term vocational courses. The DEBESMSCAT Graduate School has Off-Campus Learning Sites at (1) Cataingan, Masbate, (2) San Jacinto, Masbate, (3) Cawayan, Masbate and (4) Masbate City. 
Vision.
The DEBESMSCAT as a source of quality graduates responsive to the demands of globalization.
Mission.
The Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa, Sr. Memorial State College of Agriculture and Technology shall provide professional and technical education, advanced and specialized trainings in Agriculture, Teacher Education, Industrial Technology, Arts and Sciences, Engineering, non degree technical courses and other related disciplines to produce competent human resource for sustainable development.
History.
It was first called the Masbate National Agricultural School and was established on November 15, 1952 by virtue of R.A. No. 605, authored by Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa, Sr., then the lone congressman of the province of Masbate. MNAS was renamed Masbate Agricultural College on June 18, 1966 by virtue of R.A. No. 4717, authored by then congressman and con-con delegate, Hon. Andres R. Clemente, Jr. 
MAC was renamed the Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa, Sr. Memorial Agricultural College on July 30, 1977 upon approval by Pres. Ferdinand E. Marcos of Resolution No. 136, series of 1976 enacted by the Sangguniang Panlalawigan of Masbate on December 8, 1976.
Republic Act No. 7945 approved March 3, 1995 authored by Masbate’s Second Congressional District Representative the Honorable Luz Cleta Reyes - Bakunawa and approved by President Fidel V. Ramos, converted the DEBESMAC into the Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa, Sr. Memorial State College of Agriculture and Technology with Dr. Percival V. Bartolata as its first president.
Pres. Bartolata was succeeded by Dr. Alfredo B. Atendido, Sr., the acting president. On April 1, 2003, Dr. Magno S. Conag, Jr. assumed his office as the second DEBESMSCAT president. Under the leadership of Dr. Magno S. Conag, Jr., the DEBESMSCAT continued to experience growth particularly in the development of different curricular programs through accreditation.
On April 1, 2011, the entire DEBESMSCAT academic community and various stakeholders welcomed the third president of DEBESMSCAT, Dr. Erwin H. Malto. He vowed to improve access and quality of education offered by DEBESMSCAT.
Facilities.
The 3,668-hectare campus of mostly rolling terrain is in the municipality of Mandaon 56.5 kilometers from the provincial capital, Masbate City.
The school provides dormitories to students and runs a hostel for visitors. The majority of students opt to construct their own cottages in areas designated as student villages or reside in private boarding houses.
A strong support service is being provided to the students through the Office of Student Affairs. The OSA has three offices to assist students: Guidance, Undergraduate Scholarship, Students’ Organization and Activities. A large portion of the student population regularly avails of externally funded and institutional scholarships awarded yearly. Student loans are likewise administered and student assistants are hired by the school earning P25 per hour. Student housing is coordinated by the Director of Auxiliary Services.
The school library houses over 100,000 volumes books upgraded annually and provides Internet services. 
DEBESMSCAT has an active sports program headed by a sports coordinator. Aside from regular PE classes, annual intramurals and active sports club, the school sends athletes to compete in regional and national competitions.
The school maintains a clinic staffed by a licensed physician and a nurse. Major medical emergencies are referred to hospitals in Masbate City by ambulance.
The spiritual needs of the students are addressed by the religious denominations that operate in the school. An ecumenical center is available to be used by the entire academic community.
To enhance the communicative competence of the DEBESMSCAT students, the college operates DZEE 93.1 MHz FM, a 10-watt educational FM station duly licensed by the National Telecommunication Commission. DZEE is deeply committed to realize its vision to be a valued, vital and vibrant service component of the DEBESMSCAT in reaching out to the students and the community. It aims to serve as medium of broadcast communication to DEBESMSCAT students and personnel, and to be a trusted source of information, entertainment and educational programs. The school also houses a 20-seat speech laboratory at the Institute of Arts and Sciences.
To maximize learning, the DEBESMSCAT has set up numerous laboratories in the academic institutes. The Institute of Arts and Sciences has fully equipped laboratories in the basic sciences. Laboratories focusing on specific fields are likewise provided.
Curricular offerings.
As of October 2012, the following are the graduate and undergraduate programs offered by DEBESMSCAT:
Program accreditation.
The curricular programs of the college are submitted for accreditation to the Accrediting Agency of Chartered Colleges and Universities in the Philippines (AACCUP), Inc. organized in 1987, though officially registered and recognized under the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on September 4, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20023239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023239" title="LAWKS">
LAWKS

The Lake and Walker Knife Safety system (LAWKS) is a patented addition to folding knives using the Walker Linerlock, designed by noted Knifemakers' Guild members Ron Lake and Michael Walker. The safety comes in two versions: original LAWKS and the Columbia River Knife & Tool company's patented AutoLAWKS. These additions raise manufacturing and engineering costs, but ensure safety and security.
Operation.
The original LAWKS mechanism consists of a switch on the handle of the knife, connected to the liner lock. When pulled back, the liner lock can easily be pushed back to close the knife. But when the safety switch is pushed forward, it acts as an extra lock ensuring the linerlock can not be used to close the knife, making the folding knife a virtual fixed-blade tool.
The AutoLAWKS mechanism was designed after professional military/law enforcement consultants pointed out that sudden tactical or immediate operation situations would call for focus on something other than actuating a safety switch under duress. The AutoLAWKS automatically activates, as the knife is opened. To close the blade again, the user has to pull the switch back to free the liner lock like the original LAWKS, but the AutoLAWKS switch automatically returns to a neutral position.

</doc>
<doc id="20023248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023248" title="Archbishop Oscar Romero High School">
Archbishop Oscar Romero High School

Archbishop Oscar Romero High School is a high school located in the Callingwood neighbourhood in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It is operated by Edmonton's Catholic School System. It is the Edmonton Catholic System's newest high school and is located next to the Jamie Platz YMCA, Callingwood Twin Arenas, and Edmonton Public Library's Lois Hole library. Archbishop Oscar Romero High school is the first fully Wi-Fi high school in Edmonton. 
Extracurricular activities.
Archbishop Oscar Romero offers a wide variety of extracurricular activities.
Clubs/Teams offered include:
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20023279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023279" title="Jonathan M. Shiff">
Jonathan M. Shiff

Jonathan M. Shiff is an Australian television producer of children's television series. After leaving his work as a lawyer, he founded his production company, Jonathan M. Shiff Productions, in 1988. His company produces programs for children and families, which are screened in 130 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20023280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023280" title="543 (disambiguation)">
543 (disambiguation)

543 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20023281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023281" title="Wando people">
Wando people

The Wando were a tribe of Native Americans Muskhogean language group, who lived in South Carolina on the banks of the Cooper River.
The United States Navy tug USS "Wando", in commission from 1917–1922 and 1933–1946, was named for them.

</doc>
<doc id="20023285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023285" title="1957 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol">
1957 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol

The 1957 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol marked the first time a football tournament was held to determine a national champion in Ecuador. Prior to this tournament, teams competed exclusively in one of two regional leagues: the Campeonato Profesional Interandinos (for clubs in Quito and Ambato), and the Campeonato Profesional de Fútbol de Guayaquil (for clubs in Guayaquil). Emelec from Guayaquil won the tournament and became the first Ecuadorian football champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20023326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023326" title="Uawa River">
Uawa River

The Uawa River is a river in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand. It begins at the confluence of the Mangatokerau and Hikuwai Rivers, and meanders south for about 10 kilometres before flowing into the sea at Tolaga Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20023333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023333" title="Bertha of Hereford">
Bertha of Hereford

Bertha of Hereford, also known as Bertha de Pitres (born c.1130), was the daughter of Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford, and a wealthy heiress. She was the wife of William de Braose, 3rd Lord of Bramber to whom she brought many castles and Lordships, including Brecknock, Abergavenny, and Hay.
Family.
Bertha was born in England in about 1130. She was a daughter of Miles, Earl of Hereford (1097- 24 December 1143) and Sibyl de Neufmarché. She had two sisters, Margaret of Hereford, who married Humphrey II de Bohun, by whom she had issue, and Lucy of Hereford, who married Herbert FitzHerbert of Winchester, by whom she had issue. Her brothers, included Roger Fitzmiles, 2nd Earl of Hereford, Walter de Hereford, Henry Fitzmiles, William de Hereford, and Mahel de Hereford.
Her paternal grandparents were Walter FitzRoger de Pitres,Sheriff of Gloucester and Bertha de Balun of Bateden, a descendant of Hamelin de Balun, and her maternal grandparents were Bernard de Neufmarché, Lord of Brecon, and Nesta ferch Osbern. The latter was a daughter of Osbern FitzRichard of Richard's Castle, and Nesta ferch Gruffydd. Bertha was a direct descendant, in the maternal line, of Gruffydd ap Llywelyn (1007- 5 August 1063) and Edith (Aldgyth), daughter of Elfgar, Earl of Mercia.
Her father Miles served as Constable to King Stephen of England. He later served in the same capacity to Empress Matilda after he'd transferred his allegiance. In 1141, she made him Earl of Hereford in gratitude for his loyalty. On 24 December 1143, he was killed whilst on a hunting expedition in the Forest of Dean.
Marriage and issue.
In 1150, she married William de Braose, 3rd Lord of Bramber (1112–1192), son of Philip de Braose, 2nd Lord of Bramber and Aenor, daughter of Judael of Totnes. William and Bertha had three daughters and two sons, including William de Braose, 4th Lord of Bramber.
In 1173, her brothers all having died without issue, she brought the Lordships and castles of Brecknock and Abergavenny, to her husband. Hay Castle had already passed to her from her mother, Sibyl of Neufmarche in 1165, whence it became part of the de Braose holdings.
In 1174, her husband became Sheriff of Hereford.
Her children include
Legacy.
Bertha died on an unknown date. She was the ancestress of many noble English families which included the de Braoses, de Beauchamps, de Bohuns and de Ferrers; as well as the Irish families of de Lacy and de Burgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20023351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023351" title="Jiong">
Jiong

Jiong is widely used on the Internet as an ideographic emoticon representing a range of moods, as it resembles a person's face. It is commonly used to express ideas or feelings such as annoyance, shock, embarrassment, awkwardness, scorn, response to silliness or the internet meme "Do not want". "Jiong" (Chinese: 囧; variant: 冏; Hanyu Pinyin: jiǒng; Jyutping: gwing2) is a Chinese character originally meaning a "patterned window", "as bright as the light peering from outside the window", or simply "brightness".
Internet emoticon.
The character for "jiong" is nowadays more widely used on the Internet as an ideographic emoticon representing a range of moods, as it resembles a person's face. It is commonly used to express ideas or feelings such as annoyance, shock, embarrassment, awkwardness, etc.
The use of "jiong" as an emoticon can be traced to 2005 or earlier; it was referenced on 20 January 2005 in a Chinese-language article on orz. The character is sometimes used in conjunction with orz, OTZ or its other variants to form "囧rz", representing a person on their hands and knees ("jiong" forming the face, while r and z represent arms and legs respectively) and symbolising despair or failure. It has also come to represent a Zombie Protection Fort in text form when communicating virtually during a zombie apocalypse in some video games and other interactive multiplayer formats. 
Popularity.
Since 2007, the "jiong" character has been widely used in the Sinophone world, including mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan, but also used occasionally in languages written with Chinese characters, such as Japanese and Korean, as well as others that do not, including English.

</doc>
<doc id="20023354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023354" title="Boston Tea Party (political party)">
Boston Tea Party (political party)

The Boston Tea Party (BTP) was a U.S. political party named after the Boston Tea Party of 1773. Its ideology was libertarian.
A group of former Libertarian Party (LP) members founded the party in 2006. They criticized the LP for its "abdication of political responsibilities", saying that "Americans deserve and desperately need a pro-freedom party that forcefully advocates libertarian solutions to the issues of today".
The party effectively disbanded in July 2012.
Platform.
The Boston Tea Party supported reducing the size, scope and power of government at all levels and on all issues, and opposed increasing the size, scope and power of government at any level, for any purpose.
Program and resolutions.
The party's 2008–2010 program – the four points of Ron Paul's Campaign for Liberty – advocated, among other things, the withdrawal of all American troops from around the world, including Korea, Japan, Europe and the entire Middle East; an immediate and complete end to warrantless searches and seizures, warrantless surveillance, and other practices that encroach on personal freedom; and an audit of the Federal Reserve. The program was deliberately adopted from Ron Paul's Campaign for Liberty.
On December 2, 2009, the national committee passed a resolution in Support of “Honest Money”. One week later Ron Paul introduced H.R. 4248: Free Competition in Currency Act of 2009, a bill 'To repeal the legal tender laws, to prohibit taxation on certain coins and bullion, and to repeal superfluous sections related to coinage.'
The party's members adopted their 2010–2012 program at their online convention held in May 2010. Its five main points are 1) End the Wars of Aggression and withdraw US troops from around the world, 2) End the Federal Reserve Banking System, 3) End the War on Drugs, 4) End Abuses of Liberty such as the Patriot Act and Military Commissions Act, 5) End the Immigration Fiasco by eliminating government restrictions on human migration.
The 2010 Boston Tea Party convention passed resolutions: calling for an independent investigation into the events of September 11, 2001; opposing intervention in Columbia; in support of the "Liberty Amendment"; and renouncing government in all forms. On July 5, 2010, the National Committee passed a resolution opposing "Top Two". On August 8, 2010, the National Committee passed a resolution to join the Coalition Against War Spending.
On November 19, 2010, the Boston Tea Party National Committee passed resolutions; opposing the TSA, naked porno-scanners & enhanced pat-downs and supporting the 2nd & 9th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States of America.
On February 4, 2011, the Boston Tea Party National Committee passed a resolution of support for the Tunisian and Egyptian people as well as the "rights of all peoples wishing to alter or abolish their present form of government."
On March 1, 2011, the Boston Tea Party National Committee passed a resolution supporting War Crimes trials “for every person that has violated the 'law of war'.” The BTP National Committee also passed a resolution condemning government censorship and any press organization and/or members of the media that intentionally distort and/or misrepresent facts.
The final program adopted on May 2, 2012 read: "1. Monetary policy reform: Repeal legal tender law, allow for free competition of currency, and prohibit federal and state taxes on precious metal coins and bullion.
2. Real budgetary reform: Abolish all subsidies/entitlements, drastically cut military spending, cut salary of all federal employees (including elected and appointed officials) and liquidate all government assets other than necessary office buildings.
3. Pass the Downsize DC agenda of Congressional reforms: Read the Bills Act, One Subject at a Time Act, Write the Laws Act, and Enumerated Powers Act.
4.End the Wars Abroad: immediately cease all foreign intervention and bring home troops stationed abroad.
5. End the Wars at home: war on drugs, war on poverty, war on civil liberties."
History.
The party was founded in objection to new policy changes by the Libertarian Party announced at its Oregon convention in 2006.
In September 2008, the libertarian website LewRockwell.com posted an article by libertarian economist Walter Block. In it, Block proclaimed his preference for the Boston Tea Party's candidates over those of the LP. Block and other libertarians expressed discomfort over the "unlibertarian" history of the LP's 2008 presidential candidate, Bob Barr, a former Republican congressman.
On the April 19, 2011, episode of "Jeopardy!" the BTP was a $2000 clue in a category called "The Mad Tea Party".
On July 22, 2012, Darryl Perry announced his resignation as chair of the party. As there were only two remaining members of the BTP National Committee at that time, Perry's resignation effectively disbanded the party.
Electoral history.
2008 presidential election.
Charles Jay was the party's first presidential nominee. He received the BTP presidential nomination in the 2008 general election. He was on the ballot in Florida, Tennessee and Colorado and was a write-in candidate in more than ten other states. Thomas L. Knapp was the party's vice presidential nominee. Knapp was also a candidate for US Congress as a Libertarian Party candidate in the same election. However, alternate running mates included Marilyn Chambers (Arkansas, Hawaii, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, and Utah), Barry Hess (Arizona), Dan Sallis, Jr. (Colorado), John Wayne Smith (Florida) and Thomas J. Marino (Washington).
In the 2008 presidential election, Jay received 2,422 votes, putting him in 15th place.
2012 presidential election.
On December 23, 2011, after a two day Presidential Nominating Convention which took place online and was open to all BTP members, Tiffany Briscoe of Maryland was chosen as the 2012 BTP presidential nominee on the first round of voting with 13 out of 20 votes. Kimberly Johnson Barrick of Arizona was chosen as the vice presidential nominee on the 2nd round of voting.
On March 6, 2012, the party membership removed Briscoe as the BTP presidential nominee, replacing her with NOTA.
On March 20, 2012, the party membership passed a motion to hold a new presidential nominating convention, which began on March 30, 2012. Jim Duensing of Nevada was nominated on the 4th round of balloting. Barrick remained the VP nominee.
Ultimately, the BTP did not run a candidate in the general election as the party disbanded in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20023356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023356" title="Matawai">
Matawai

Matawai can refer to one of several things:

</doc>
<doc id="20023357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023357" title="Rick Woolstenhulme, Jr.">
Rick Woolstenhulme, Jr.

Rick (or "Ricky") Robert Woolstenhulme, Jr. (born September 20, 1979 in Gilbert, Arizona) is the drummer of the American alternative rock band Lifehouse.
Early life and education.
Woolstenhulme graduated from Gilbert High School in 1998, where he played football during his sophomore and junior years.
Playing the drums from age 9 after his parents bought him a beat-up drum set, Woolstenhulme attended the Los Angeles Music Academy.
Career.
Lifehouse.
During sessions with Lifehouse, then comprising Jason Wade and Sergio Andrade, was practicing in the adjacent room, Woolstenhulme, then playing with another band, bumped into them in the hallway. He was soon suggested to check out Lifehouse, which was looking for a drummer to replace John "Diff" Palmer; in 2000, he joined the band and, soon thereafter, he performed on the début album "No Name Face".
Woolstenhulme has since performed on each Lifehouse recording.
Other musical work.
In addition to his work with Lifehouse, he has performed on numerous recordings, including those of Shawn Colvin, Rihanna, Lee Nash, Rocco Deluca, Britney Spears, Dave Matthews, and Palo Alto. He has also toured with Pearl Jam in 2001, Matchbox 20 in 2002, The Rolling Stones in 2003, and various headlining tours since 2000. Beginning in 2013, Woolstenhulme toured with the Goo Goo Dolls following the departure of Mike Malinin.
Drum kit.
Woolstenhulme's current Gretsch setup includes 24×14, 13×9, 18×16 and 14×6.5 hammered snare. He expressed a preference for Gretsch drums due to a better-quality sound.
Personal life.
Woolstenhulme's brother Sean Woolstenhulme is the ex-guitarist for the group The Calling, and briefly played with Lifehouse during their earlier years.
Woolstenhulme is married to Jenifer Hagio, a musician who co-wrote Michelle Branch's "The Spirit Room". Branch introduced Woolstenhulme to Hagio.

</doc>
<doc id="20023366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023366" title="Matawai, New Zealand">
Matawai, New Zealand

Matawai is a small settlement in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located on the upper reaches of the Motu River on State Highway 2 between Gisborne and Opotiki.It is in the Gisborne area.

</doc>
<doc id="20023369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023369" title="Eroni's Circus">
Eroni's Circus

Eroni's Circus is a traditional travelling Australian circus, founded in 2007 and owned by Tony and Cathy Maynard.
Acts include performing horses and ponies, trick roping, performing dogs, hula hoops, trapeze, and other aerial acts, acrobats, juggling, clowns, etc. Eroni's Circus performs in a 32-metre, red-and-white Big Top marquee. 
The circus often performs at agricultural shows and corporate functions.
It is not to be confused with another circus by the name of Eroni's Circus or Eroni Brothers Circus, which was operated from the late 19th century to early 20th century by distant relatives of the current proprietors.

</doc>
<doc id="20023384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023384" title="Onychoteuthis borealijaponica">
Onychoteuthis borealijaponica

Onychoteuthis borealijaponica, the boreal clubhook squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. It is the largest member of the genus "Onychoteuthis", reaching a mantle length of 30 cm in males and 37 cm in females. Maturity is reached at 250 mm for males, and 300–350 mm in females. There are 24–27 hooks on each club. It is a pelagic species native to the North Pacific, although it migrates into Subantarctic waters during the summer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20023388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023388" title="Kees van Kooten">
Kees van Kooten

Cornelis Reinier (Kees) van Kooten () (born 10 August 1941) is a Dutch comedian, television actor, and writer. He formed the duo Van Kooten & De Bie with Wim de Bie from 1972 to 1998.
Biography.
Cornelis Reinier van Kooten was born on 10 August 1941 in The Hague, Netherlands. He is the oldest child of Cornelis Reinier van Kooten en Anna Geertruida Snaauw. He has one sister, Anke, who is a year younger. He met his wife Barbara Kits in 1959 and married her on 18 October 1968. After their marriage they moved from The Hague to the polder village of Zuidoostbeemster, where their two children were born, Kasper in 1971 and Kim in 1974. Both children are well-known performers in the Netherlands. In 1978 the family moved to Hilversum and in 1996 to Amsterdam.
Koot en Bie.
Van Kooten is best known for his collaboration with Wim de Bie. With him he formed the comedic duo Van Kooten en De Bie, often abbreviated as "Koot en Bie," in a variety of often very popular programs for the VPRO broadcasting organization from 1972 to 1998. Their collaboration had started in the Dalton Lyceum high school in The Hague, where they had formed a theater group named Cebrah. Every year between 1972 and 1985 they published a tear-off calendar named "Bescheurkalender", combining the Dutch words for tear-off and splitting one's sides in laughter; "Bescheurkalender" is now officially included in Dutch dictionaries for any humorous block-calendar.
Author.
Van Kooten has written some 47 books, including novels, short story and poetry collections, and autobiographical material. They are characterized by frequent wordplays and lighthearted satire of Dutch society. Few books have been translated in English. He often wrote under a wide variety of pseudonyms, including Koot, Jan Blommers, Hans van Dek, Tj. Hekking, Heer Kooten, Harry F. Kriele en Roman Tate. He also wrote several books together with Wim de Bie. Most of his books are published by "De Bezige Bij". Among his better-known works are:
Awards.
Van Kooten has received many awards for his television shows and writing, individually and with de Bie. Among these are:

</doc>
<doc id="20023392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023392" title="Makaraka">
Makaraka

Makaraka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20023411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023411" title="Horace and Tina">
Horace and Tina

Horace and Tina is an Australian children's television series that first screened on Network Ten in 2001. The series was produced by Jonathan M. Shiff Productions. The series mixes animatronic characters (Horace & Tina) with live action drama.
Plot.
Horace is a short, grumpy, 200-year-old man who is the world's greatest mischief maker. His elder sister, Tina, is a 271-year-old incurable romantic who loves to meddle and give advice. Lauren Parker discovers she is the only person who can see Horace and Tina and has to keep their existence a secret from her family and friends without them thinking she's going crazy.

</doc>
<doc id="20023416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023416" title="Makaraka, New Zealand">
Makaraka, New Zealand

Makaraka is an outer suburb of Gisborne, in New Zealand's North Island. It is located to the west of the city, and is the home of Gisborne's horse-racing circuit, Makaraka Racecourse.

</doc>
<doc id="20023432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023432" title="Manutuke">
Manutuke

Manutuke is a settlement in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is located to the west of the city of Gisborne on State Highway 2, close to the mouth of the Waipaoa River.

</doc>
<doc id="20023434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023434" title="List of VAX computers">
List of VAX computers

From the mid-1970s to the late 1980s, Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) produced a wide range of computer systems under the VAX brand, all based on various implementations of the DEC proprietary processor architecture of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20023451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023451" title="List of Philadelphia Flyers minor league affiliates">
List of Philadelphia Flyers minor league affiliates

This is a list of all-time minor league affiliates for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Philadelphia Phantoms for 13 seasons (1996–97 to 2008–09) and the Hershey Bears for 12 seasons (1984–85 to 1995–96) are the only teams to serve as a Flyers affiliate for more than ten years. They are currently affiliated with the Adirondack Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL).
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20023453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023453" title="Paddle holster">
Paddle holster

A paddle holster is a holster for a handgun whose method of securing the holster to the wearer utilizes a flat, concave shaped piece of plastic or stiffened leather designed to be worn against the body inside of the pants. The broad surface area of the "paddle" and the material from which it is made use friction to prevent the holster from being pulled up and away when the handgun is drawn.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The primary benefit of this style of holster is that the entire holster and firearm may be removed from the wearer easily. Firearm wearers such as plain-clothes detectives who frequently need to move between vehicles, offices, and field work may employ paddle holsters as they allow them to conveniently remove the holster and firearm when sitting and then just as easily replace it when needed. A typical handgun holster that attaches to the user via a belt does not offer the same flexibility requiring the user to remove his/her belt in order to remove the holster. This lack of dependence on a belt allows users the option of not even wearing a belt and still using a paddle holster. One disadvantage of the paddle holster is that its physical security is not as great as a holster secured with a belt as the paddle holster relies on the friction of the "paddle" to keep it in place.
Options.
Options for the holster material are as varied as for any other holster and include plastic, nylon, and leather. Retention of the handgun in a paddle holster uses similar methods to other holsters such as adjustable tension devices and thumb break straps. Some paddle holsters have adjustable cant and tilt allowing the "paddle" to remain upright and shaped to the hip while the angle of the draw can be adjusted to suit the user's preference.

</doc>
<doc id="20023462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023462" title="List of people from Beckenham">
List of people from Beckenham

Beckenham is a town in the London Borough of Bromley, England. The following is a list of those people who were either born or live in Beckenham, or had some important contribution to make to the town.
Notable people from Beckenham.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20023471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023471" title="Whatatutu">
Whatatutu

Whatatutu is a small settlement in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located north of Te Karaka on the upper reaches of the Waipaoa River, close to its meeting with its tributaries, the Mangatu and Waingaromia Rivers.
Whatatutu is about 45 minutes from Gisborne and is home to about 300 people. Oil-bearing rock has been known to exist in small quantities for many years, but not in commercial quantities. The search for more economically viable sources continues in the area. 
Whatatutu hosts the 4x4 every two years, which all the members come and visit the township.

</doc>
<doc id="20023475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023475" title="Marguerite Ross Barnett">
Marguerite Ross Barnett

Marguerite Ross Barnett (May 21, 1942 – February 26, 1992) was the eighth president of the University of Houston and a former chancellor of the University of Missouri–St. Louis. Barnett was the first black woman to lead a major American university.
Barnett was born in Charlottesville, Virginia. She grew up in Buffalo, New York, and graduated from Bennett High School in 1959. After graduating from Antioch College in 1964, she earned a master of science and doctoral degrees in political science from the University of Chicago. Barnett then taught at the University of Chicago Princeton University, Howard University and Columbia University.
She was vice-chancellor for academic affairs at the City University of New York from 1983 to 1986, and chancellor of the University of Missouri-St. Louis, from 1986 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20023487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023487" title="Hikaru Hayashi">
Hikaru Hayashi

Hayashi entered Tokyo University of the Arts as a composition student but did not complete his studies. Studying under Hisatada Otaka, he produced many compositions including orchestral works. In particular, he was noted for his choral suite "Scenes from Hiroshima" (1958–2001).
In exploring the possibilities of Japanese language opera, Hayashi composed more than 30 operas. He was artistic director and resident composer of the Opera Theatre Konnyakuza. His oeuvre also includes symphonic works, works for band, chamber music, choral works, songs and more than 100 film scores. He was a frequent collaborator with film director Kaneto Shindo. Hayashi is the author of more than 20 books including "Nihon opera no yume" (日本オペラの夢 "The Dream of Japanese Opera").
In 1998 Hayashi won the 30th Suntory Music Award.
In September 2011, Hayashi collapsed in front of his home hitting his head. He was rushed to the hospital unresponsive.

</doc>
<doc id="20023502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023502" title="James Wandin">
James Wandin

James Wandin (28 July 1933 – February 2006), also known as Jim, Jimmy, or Juby, was the ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri till his death in February 2006. He was the first Australian rules footballer of Aboriginal descent to play with St Kilda Football Club in 1952–1953.
Family.
James Wandin was a great-great nephew to William Barak, the last "traditional" ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri-willam clan. He was the last person born at Coranderrk Station, in 1933, in the home of his grandmother, Jemima Wandin. When the Station was closed in 1923 Jemima Wandin was one of 5 elderly people who refused to leave. She is buried in the Coranderrk Cemetery. His father, Jarlo Wandoon, tried to enlist for World War I, but was rejected due to being an Aboriginal. When he attempted to enlist under his whitefella name, James Wandin, he was accepted into the army and served in France and is listed under that name on the honour roll in the Healesville RSL. On returning home Jarlo Wandoon had to get permission from the police to visit his mother, was escorted onto Coranderrk, and was only allowed half an hour with her before he was sent to off to the Lake Tyers mission in Gippsland. Much of Coranderrk was divided up and sold for soldier settlement allotments. Jarlo found work with the Postmaster-General's Department, and was able to buy a block of land at Healesville – a home for his family on Wurundjeri land.
Football.
One of ten children, James left school at 15 in 1949 and played Australian rules football with the Healesville seconds. The team won the premiership and Wandin was awarded the Best and Fairest. He moved on to play with the seniors who won a premiership in 1951. He joined St Kilda Football Club in 1952, after a period of training with them at Junction Oval. He was the first Aboriginal footballer with St Kilda, playing centre half forward. Other Aboriginal players in the VFL at the time were Essendon's Norm McDonald and Melbourne's Eddie Jackson. He left St Kilda Football Club after just 17 games due to "homesickness" and what he later reflected as a lack of support. 
In 2003 Wandin reflected on the racist taunts he faced during games in a report in "The Age" newspaper: ""Opposition players would call you niggers and all that, the whole lot, Kooris and whatever week in, week out. Pretty rash things said, I can tell you. You had to just deal with it yourself, nothing like what Michael Long's got now going. You dealt with it, you just got on with the game.""
He was called up for National Service in 1952.
After leaving St Kilda Football Club he took up a position of player coach in 1954 with the Healesville seniors and coached until 1961. He joined the Postmaster-General's Department and worked for 37 years, but continuing to coach football at Healesville and Apollo Bay.
Ngurungaeta.
James Wandin held the position of Ngurungaeta in the Wurundjeri nation. He was also President of the Wurundjeri Tribe Land Compensation and Cultural Heritage Council.
In 2000 James Wandin and Carolyn Briggs, representing the Wurundjeri and Boonerwurung peoples of the Kulin nation, gave historic "welcome to country" speeches at a sitting of the Victorian Parliament on 26 May 2000. Parliament Hill was noted in Wandin's speech as one of the Wurundjeri ceremonial corroboree grounds. 
He concluded his speech to parliament saying:
Death.
While ill with cancer in February 2006 he prepared a statutory declaration declaring his nephew Murrundindi his successor as Wurundjeri Ngurungaeta. After his death his partner, Judy Freeman, symbolically passed to Murrundindi a lil-lal, or hunting boomerang, and a sprig of pale yellow wattle. Several hundred people attended Healesville football oval to pay their respects to a respected Wurundjeri elder and "great" footballer. He was buried at Healesville Cemetery, in the shadow of Mount Riddell, as he requested.
The Annual best and fairest player award in division two of the Yarra Valley Mountain Football League is called the Wandin Medal. The James (Juby) Wandin Memorial Match has been established by Yarra Glen Football Club to commemorate James Wandin's 55 years contribution to the sport as a player and coach at local level and at Apollo Bay. The inaugural match in May 2008, won by Yarra Glen Football Club, was used to raise funds to erect a memorial at James Wandin’s grave and for a perpetual trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20023504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023504" title="Sevanaia Koroi">
Sevanaia Koroi

Sevanaia Koroi is a rugby league player. He is a Fijian international, and represented his country at the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. Koroi signed with the British side Barrow Raiders for 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20023505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023505" title="Mirror Lake (Clackamas County, Oregon)">
Mirror Lake (Clackamas County, Oregon)

Mirror Lake is a mountain lake in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located at the foot of Tom Dick and Harry Mountain in a natural catchment formed by a toe of the mountain, southwest of Mount Hood, and WSW of Government Camp within Mount Hood National Forest.
It is among the most popular day hikes in the Mount Hood area, and a popular Nordic skiing destination. Its elevation gain in is considered an easy hike.

</doc>
<doc id="20023508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023508" title="Alipate Noilea">
Alipate Noilea

Alipate Tani Noilea is a rugby footballer. He is a Fijian rugby league international and represented his country at the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He was one of Fiji's stand-out players in the tournament and earned widespread praise for his performances from the stand-off position. Noilea signed with the British side Barrow Raiders for the 2009 season but was not able to join the club due to issues with his visa application. He switched codes to union, playing for the Fiji Warriors and was selected by the Fiji national side. He has since changed codes back to league and was selected for the 2009 Pacific Cup in which Fiji finished 3rd.
He was signed by Wests Tigers ahead of the 2011 NRL season, but later returned to Fiji without appearing for the club.
He was named in the Fiji squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup. 

</doc>
<doc id="20023510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023510" title="Osea Sadrau">
Osea Sadrau

Osea Sadrau is a Fijian rugby league player for AS Carcassonne in the Elite One Championship. He is a Fijian international. He plays as a prop.

</doc>
<doc id="20023513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023513" title="James Storer">
James Storer

James Storer is a Fijian rugby league player who has represented Fiji.
Playing career.
Storer joined the St. George-Illawarra Dragons when aged 16. He left the club after the 2001 season.
In 2003 he played three National Rugby League games for the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
In 2006 he played for the Parramatta Eels in the NSWRL Premier League, scoring one try. Storer has also played for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the NSWRL Premier League.
He played the last of his seven matches for Fiji at the 2008 World Cup. After the tournament Storer suffered serious injuries to his left arm which forced him into early retirement. However, he made a comeback in 2013 and earned selection in Fiji's 2013 Rugby League World Cup squad. 

</doc>
<doc id="20023515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023515" title="Wainui Beach">
Wainui Beach

Wainui Beach is a small settlement on the coast of New Zealand's North Island, located just to the north of Tuaheni Point, some 8 km to the east of Gisborne, to which it is linked by State Highway 35. As of the 2006 census, Wainui Beach had a usually resident population of 1,515.
The beach is one of the NZ Automobile Association's "101 Must-do places for Kiwis". It is noted for its consistent surf breaks.
Wainui Beach's most notable residents have been the Quinn family, which contains three national champion surfers - brothers Maz and Jay, and sister Holly.

</doc>
<doc id="20023516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023516" title="Waisale Sukanaveita">
Waisale Sukanaveita

Waisale Sukanaveita (born 19 July 1984) is a rugby league/union player for the Terrigal Sharks. He is a Fijian international. In rugby league he plays at hooker and in rugby union he is a utility back (halfback/center). Sukanaveita is currently plying his trade in rugby union with French club Lyon. He was named in the Fiji 7s team for the Rugby World Cup 7s (rugby union) tournament being held in Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="20023519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023519" title="Ilisoni Vonomateiratu">
Ilisoni Vonomateiratu

Ilisoni Vonomateiratu is a rugby league player. He is a Fijian international.

</doc>
<doc id="20023521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023521" title="Malakai Yalimaiwai Tuiloa">
Malakai Yalimaiwai Tuiloa

Malakai Yalimaiwai Tuiloa is a rugby league player for Milton Ulladulla his position is prop. He is a Fijian international.

</doc>
<doc id="20023524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023524" title="Semisi Tora">
Semisi Tora

Semisi Tora (born 28 January 1979) is a Fijian rugby league player. He is a Fijian international. He plays as a prop and second rower. He plays for the Nyngan Tigers. He was selected in the final 28 member group for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup in Australia and he made his debut against France scoring a try. He is the son of Fiji rugby union great Kaiava Salusalu, a world class centre during the 1980s and early 1990s. Tora also competed for Fiji at the 2006 Pacific Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20023528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023528" title="David Jeaffreson">
David Jeaffreson

David Gregory Jeaffreson, CBE, JP (, 23 November 1931 – 30 October 2008) was a British colonial government official and civil servant. He arrived in Hong Kong in 1961 serving as Administrative Officer, and was Secretary for Economic Services and Secretary for Security in 1970s and 1980s, during which he had also been appointed as official Legislative Councillor for more than ten years.
Jeaffreson was appointed as Commissioner of ICAC by Governor Sir David Wilson in 1988. Retiring from the government in 1991, he chose to reside in Hong Kong and had become the deputy chairman of Big Island Asia Limited and an independent non-executive director of Buildmore International Limited.
Biography.
Early years.
Jeaffreson was born on 23 November 1931 in the United Kingdom from a well-known surgical family descended from Framlingham, Surrey, which is said to have performed the first successful ovariotomy in England. Jeaffreson was born to Bryan Leslie Jeaffreson (1896–1953) and Margaret Jeaffreson. His father was a Physician who was qualified as a Medical Doctor, Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and Member of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Jeaffreson attended Bootham School in York and then went up to Clare College, Cambridge, obtaining an MA. Upon graduation, called up into the British Army in 1950 to carry out his National Service. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery on 4 November 1950. After almost a year's service with the regular army, he was transferred to the Territorial Army list on 22 October 1951, He was promtoed to acting lieutenant on 22 July 1952. He completed his service on 23 September 1955, transferring to the reserve of officers.
In 1955, he joined the Colonial Service and was sent to the British mandate of Tanganyika in East Africa in where he served as Administrative Officer until 1958. From 1959 to 1960, he was employed by Henricot Steel Foundry, becoming an assistant manager.
Hong Kong Government.
In 1961, Jeaffreson joined the Hong Kong Government as an Administrative Officer. He firstly worked in the Department of Trade Industry and Customs under the Finance Branch, and was promoted to the post of Assistant Secretary for Trade and Industry in 1967 and Deputy Financial Secretary in 1972. He became Secretary for Economic Services in September 1976. In this capacity, he oversaw the economic affairs of Hong Kong and occasionally served as acting Financial Secretary. Jeaffreson was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the New Year Honours of 1981 for his public services.
Jeaffreson was Secretary for Security from November 1982 to February 1988 and had briefly served as acting Chief Secretary for Sir David Ford for six days before the end of his term of office. As the Secretary for Security, he was responsible for some sensitive and important issues such as settling the boat people and the introduction of the nationality of British National (Overseas) for Hong Kong. Apart from that, he also paid much attention on issues related to security, crime, the Triads and illegal drugs.
From September 1976 to February 1988, Jeaffreson also served as official Legislative Councillor with the exception of the 1985 to 1986 Session. His ten and a half years' service in the Council was praised by the Governor, Sir David Wilson, and the Senior Unofficial Member of the Council, Lydia Dunn, when he retired from the Council.
On 20 February 1988, Jeaffreson was appointed the Commissioner, Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) by the Governor, succeeding Geoffrey Barnes. During his term, the ICAC cracked down a number of commercial corruption and fraud cases. The ICAC had made a closer cooperation with its counterparts in the People's Republic of China also. Jeaffreson retired from the post on 30 November 1991 and was succeeded by Peter Allan.
Later years.
In retirement, Jeaffreson chose to reside in Hong Kong and joined some business groups. In 1992, he became the deputy chairman of Big Island Asia Limited. On 2 January 2002, he was appointed as independent non-executive director of Buildmore International Limited, a listed landed property company in Hong Kong. Besides, from 1 February 1992 to 31 January 2002, he was a member of the government's Public Service Commission.
In December 2007, along with other former Commissioners of ICAC, Jeaffreson attended the opening ceremony of the new ICAC headquarter in North Point. Jeaffreson died in Hong Kong on 30 October 2008, aged 76. Both the Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang and the incumbent Commissioner of ICAC Timothy Tong sent their condolences to the family of Jeaffreson.
Family.
Jeaffreson married Elizabeth Marie Jausions in 1959. They had two sons and two daughters. His wife, his two daughters and two sons survived him. Jeaffreson lived in Pok Fu Lam, which is located in the Southern District on Hong Kong Island. He was member of the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20023550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023550" title="Lexington Community Unit School District 7">
Lexington Community Unit School District 7

Lexington Community Unit School District 7 is a unified school district in
Lexington, Illinois, USA. All three of its school levels (grade, junior high, and high school) are one campus.
Junior high.
Extra-cirrcicular activities in junior high include Builders Club and Math Team. Sports are boys baseball, girls basketball, boys basketball, cheerleading, girls volleyball, and boys and girls track.

</doc>
<doc id="20023555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023555" title="Proiphys">
Proiphys

Proiphys is a genus of herbaceous, perennial and bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae. It consists of 4 species that are native to Southeast Asia and Australia.
Species.
The list of "Proiphys " species, with their complete scientific name and authority, is given below.
Uses.
Their flowers and leaves make them desirable garden subjects, but they are not widely cultivated as ornamental plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20023573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023573" title="Ayoka">
Ayoka

Ayoka, a girl's name commonly used in Africa and derived from ancient African languages, means "one who causes joy," and has no alternate spellings.

</doc>
<doc id="20023590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023590" title="John J. Louis, Jr.">
John J. Louis, Jr.

John Jeffry Louis, Jr. (June 10, 1925 – February 15, 1995) was an American businessman and United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom.
Born in Evanston, Illinois to Chicago advertiser John Jeffry Louis and Johnson Wax heiress Henriette Johnson Louis, John J. Louis, Jr. grew up in the Chicago area.
During the Second World War, he served in the United States Army Air Forces (1943–1945), where he was a second lieutenant and pilot. After the war, he attended Williams College (B.A., 1949), then continued his studies at Dartmouth College (M.B.A., 1949). 
Entering business in 1951, John J. Louis, Jr. started in his father's advertising firm, Needham, Louis, and Brorby. In 1953, he married Josephine Louis (née Peters), with whom he had three children. He then joined S.C. Johnson and Son in 1958. S.C. Johnson was the successor company of his great-grandfather's company, Johnson Wax. At S.C. Johnson, John J. Louis, Jr. was director of international marketing until 1961.
From 1961 to 1968, he was chairman of KTAR Broadcasting in Phoenix, Arizona, until it merged with a local billboard company to form Combined Communications Corporation. He then served as chair of the merged company. In 1979, Combined Communications merged with Gannett, and John J. Louis, Jr. joined Gannett.
His first diplomatic work was in the ceremonial role of Special Ambassador in 1972 at an independence celebration in Gabon, during the presidency of Richard Nixon. More substantially, he was nominated to the post of United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom by President Ronald Reagan on March 27, 1981. He served in that post until his resignation on September 19, 1983. In his resignation, Ambassador Louis expressed optimism about the quality of relations with the United Kingdom and the government of Margaret Thatcher, yet stated his desire to return to corporate and philanthropic pursuits.
John J. Louis, Jr. served as a trustee of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, and he had the journalism and speech building named for his father, John J. Louis, who had also been a trustee of the university.
On February 15, 1995, former Ambassador Louis died in his home in Winnetka, Illinois, at age 69. His son John Jeffry Louis, III has continued the family legacy, serving on the boards of directors of S.C. Johnson and Gannett, as well as the Northwestern University board of trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="20023602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023602" title="James Gunn's PG Porn">
James Gunn's PG Porn

"James Gunn's PG Porn" is a web series created by brothers James Gunn, Brian Gunn, and Sean Gunn. It consists of a series of pornography spoofs, with a humorous event occurring just before the supposed commencement of pornographic sexual acts. Each episode pairs a mainstream actor with a pornographic actress or model. The tagline is, ""For people who love everything about Porn...except the sex.""
The initial web episode premiered on Spike.com and received over a million hits in a week, and was featured on "Entertainment Weekly'"s "The Must List". Spike subsequently picked up the series for an additional 11 episodes.
The project has, however, not been without controversy. An article on the "Huffington Post" condemned the first episode for glorifying violence against women.
According to Gunn, the idea was developed in the early 2000s, before short-term Internet-based sketch comedies became popular. Stephen Blackehart of The Good Boys Productions produced the show with Jake Zim and Peter Safran of Safran Digital Group (SDG) for Spike.com.
Episodes.
All episodes are directed by James, and have a score by Tyler Bates.
Episode 5: "Squeal Happy Whores".
Notes: This video is not hosted on Spike.com. In James Gunn's words this was "because the head of Spike Network FREAKED OUT on the, uh, raunchiness of the content and pulled it down." The video is available on James Gunn's website.

</doc>
<doc id="20023607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023607" title="Eurycles">
Eurycles

Eurycles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20023609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023609" title="Into Your Eyes">
Into Your Eyes

"Into Your Eyes" is the third single from the American DJ Armand Van Helden's sixth album "Nympho". The song's refrain is lifted from "I Might Lie", a 1987 rock hit by Andy Taylor.
Music video.
The music video parodies John Carpenter's 1984 film "They Live", replacing the aliens by dancing women.

</doc>
<doc id="20023613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023613" title="Pasadena via Oak Knoll (Pacific Electric)">
Pasadena via Oak Knoll (Pacific Electric)

Pasadena via Oak Knoll was a line of the Pacific Electric Railway, running from 1906 until 1950, between Downtown Los Angeles and Downtown Pasadena, California, with additional service to Altadena during rush hour.
The route was originally built in 1906 to reach the Wentworth Hotel (later Huntington Hotel) in Oak Knoll. It was the second to last PE line to be decommissioned in Pasadena, and was the last line to run along Colorado Boulevard.[http://www.erha.org/penok.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20023618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023618" title="Metabolic window">
Metabolic window

The metabolic window is a term used in strength training to describe the supposed 30-minute (give or take, depending on the individual as what's referred to as "Bro Science" varies) period after exercise during which nutrition can shift the body from a catabolic state to an anabolic one. Specifically, it is during this period that the intake of protein and carbohydrates can aid in the increase of muscle mass.
Some theorists believe the metabolic window begins to close within minutes of the end of a workout. The same nutrients taken two hours later result in significantly reduced protein synthesis and muscle glycogen storage. Further research is needed into the effects of food and exercise timing, but methodology has to be considered in these experiments.
Update.
The "metabolic window", or what is also referred to as the “anabolic window”, is considered by gym goers and supplement companies to be a 45-minute opportunistic period to increase muscle size by ingesting carbohydrates and amino acid supplements.
Contrary to this belief, researchers studying the effects of carbohydrates and amino acid supplementation taken various times after a workout found no difference in a 0-3 hour period in the rate of uptake of protein into the muscles or protein balance (Rasmussen et al., 2000). More importantly, Tipton (2001) found that weight lifters may actually benefit with respect to muscle anabolism by taking in carbohydrates and amino acids before working out. This is because weight lifting increases blood flow, which will increase the transportation of amino acids to the muscles.

</doc>
<doc id="20023627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023627" title="Chat line">
Chat line

Chat line services make it possible for people to communicate with one another by telephone call. However, recent chat lines are like CB radio in which a number of people both listen and speak together.

</doc>
<doc id="20023629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023629" title="Lopamudra Mitra">
Lopamudra Mitra

Lopamudra Mitra () is a Kolkata-based prominent Rabindra Sangeet and modern Bengali singer-songwriter. She has been married to Kolkata-based Bengali music director and songwriter Joy Sarkar since 2001.
Early life.
Lopamudra was born and brought up in south Gangarampur, India. She graduated from the Basanti Devi College, an undergraduate college affiliated with the University of Calcutta. 
Discography.
Basic albums (Collaborative)
Awards.
She won many awards for her unique dramatic style of singing, which is fashioned with the classical aid and tenor voice quality.

</doc>
<doc id="20023655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023655" title="No. 325 Expeditionary Combat Support Squadron RAAF">
No. 325 Expeditionary Combat Support Squadron RAAF

No. 325 Expeditionary Combat Support Squadron (325ECSS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) ground support squadron. It was formed on 30 September 2008 by combining Combat Support Unit Richmond and Combat Support Unit Glenbrook. The two units were combined as part of reforms which aim to improve the efficiency of the RAAF's airbase services and improve the force's expeditionary support capability. 325ECSS provides support services at RAAF Base Richmond and RAAF Base Glenbrook with a contingency role of providing personnel for the Northern Expeditionary Combat Support Squadron.
On 1 July 2010 changes to the structure of the Combat Support Group resulted in the functions of 325ECSS being integrated with No. 22 (City of Sydney) Squadron at RAAF Richmond and 321ECSS being disbanded. 

</doc>
<doc id="20023664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023664" title="Emgwen Constituency">
Emgwen Constituency

Emgwen Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies of Nandi District. The constituency was established for the 1997 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20023673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023673" title="Nyctibatrachus dattatreyaensis">
Nyctibatrachus dattatreyaensis

Nyctibatrachus dattatreyaensis (Dattatreya night frog) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family first described in the Shola forests around the Dattatreya Peeta in the Chikkamagaluru district of Karnataka. It is still known only from this part of the Western Ghats, India.
Description.
This species' head is wider than long; the skin on the dorsum is highly wrinkled with transverse corrugated folds - three discontinuous longitudinal folds, one dorsolaterally and two laterally; the webbing on toes is medium (three-quarters of the length); two yellowish bands occur on the dorsolateral area, prominent from subadult to adult stage; femoral glands are present. "N. dattatreyaensis" is a medium-sized (about 40 mm) frog active during night. The thumb pad and femoral glands are prominent in mature males. The eyes are golden yellow with black rhomboidal pupils. The upper surface of the body is reddish-black to stone black, with two yellow lateral bands. In day time, the frog prefers to hide below small boulders and damp leaf litter along the slow-flowing streams of the Shola forests in the hill ranges.
Discovery.
The frog was discovered in 2008 by scientists from Zoological Survey of India. It was named "Nyctibatrachus dattatreyaensis", after the Dattatreya shrine in its habitat. 
Distribution.
"Nyctibatrachus dattatreyaensis" is only known only from Dattatreya Peeta in the Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary, Kemmangundi, and Budangiri]. All these sites are located in the Chikkamagaluru district, Karnataka, India.
Conservation status and risks.
The Chandra Drona Parvatha hill ranges are noted for medicinal herbs. Unauthorised collection of herbs is rampant. The area is under immense human pressure from ecotourism. The water source of the Manikyadhara Falls is endangered. Consequently, "Nyctibatrachus dattatreyaensis" is assessed as being "critically endangered".

</doc>
<doc id="20023700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023700" title="Sierra Madre (Pacific Electric)">
Sierra Madre (Pacific Electric)

The Sierra Madre was a Pacific Electric interurban line which ran from the Pacific Electric Building in Los Angeles to Sierra Madre. The line opened to Pasadena on March 19, 1904, and was extended to Sierra Madre in 1906; it closed on October 6, 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20023709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023709" title="Kwanza Constituency">
Kwanza Constituency

Kwanza Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. The constituency has seven wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nzoia County Council. It is one of three constituencies in Trans-Nzoia District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20023734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023734" title="HMS Cockade (R34)">
HMS Cockade (R34)

HMS "Cockade" was a C-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. A cockade is a knot of ribbons, or other circular- or oval-shaped symbol of distinctive colours which is usually worn on a hat. So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name.
"Cockade" was launched on 1 March 1944 and commissioned on 29 September 1945, too late to see service in the Second World War. She served in the post-war Royal Navy, seeing service in the Korean War and Cold War, until being broken up in July 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20023735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023735" title="Zeituni Onyango">
Zeituni Onyango

Zeituni Onyango ( ; born May 29, 1952) is the half-aunt of United States President Barack Obama. Onyango is the half-sister of Obama's late father Barack Obama, Sr. She is referred to as "Aunti Zeituni" in Obama's memoir "Dreams from My Father".
In 2000, Onyango, a native of Kenya, came to the United States illegally and in 2002 sought political asylum in the United States citing violence: Kenya and East Africa have seen an escalation in violence in the 2000s. Her case was denied in 2004 but she remained in South Boston, Massachusetts, and has since retained legal representation. Her case was leaked in the final days of the 2008 U.S. presidential election in which Obama was the Democratic candidate.
Her case became the subject of international media attention highlighting "the hot-button topic of illegal immigration into a race that has largely avoided it" and the contradictory rules governing public housing in Massachusetts. It also sparked an investigation by the DHS as to how her case was leaked and added heightened administrative review on asylum deportations until after the 2008 general election. Onyango's case is often cited in light of immigration reform efforts of the Obama administration.
History.
Onyango was working as a computer programmer at Kenya Breweries in Nairobi, when she first met Barack Obama during his first trip to Kenya in 1988. Obama's father and Onyango's half-brother, Barack Obama, Sr., had left Obama and his mother when he was two, and was only known through the stories his mother and her parents told, and a month-long return visit eight years later. Barack Obama, Sr. had remarried in Kenya and fathered about six children, then died in 1982. Obama's trip to Kenya was to meet the other half of his family. In his memoir "Dreams from My Father", Barack Obama, Jr. writes about his journey and meeting Onyango, referred to as "Aunti Zeituni".
Onyango explained to Obama the significance of Obama's father being the first to fly in an airplane and study abroad; she also explained the complicated extended family on Obama's side from four marriages (two of them polygamous), and his rise in government to senior economist in the Kenyan Ministry of Finance before conflict with President Kenyatta destroyed his career. Barack Obama Sr. fathered six other sons and a daughter, in addition to Obama. All but one live in Britain or the United States as of 2010.
United States immigration status.
Onyango visited the United States multiple times since 1975, returning to Kenya each time until the 2000s. She came on a temporary visa in 2000 along with a son who had been accepted at a college in Boston. Commercial databases show she received a Social Security card in 2001, indicating she was legally present in the country at that time.
Onyango was an asylum seeker when she applied for public housing in 2002. She moved into the apartment, run by Massachusetts authorities, after back surgery made walking difficult. A BHA official said that the agency was never notified of a deportation order that had been issued (A 1977 federal consent decree, resulting from a class action lawsuit in Waltham, prohibits state officials from denying public housing to illegal immigrants). Beginning in 2003 she lived in a South Boston public housing project, according to Boston Public Housing Authority (BHA) officials. William McGonagle, deputy director of the Authority, stated Onyango did a good job as a public health advocate on behalf of the Boston Housing Authority. Described as a frail woman who walks with a cane, she lives in flat normally set aside for people facing physical hardship.
As of 2008 Onyango worked as a volunteer computer systems co-ordinator for the Experience Corps, a program in which adults over 55 mentor children in their communities. McGonagle added "We have no affirmative responsibility I am aware of to further check on their status after they are initially deemed to be eligible."
Onyango's immigration lawyer since 2008, Margaret Wong, stated Onyango could be barred from reentering for up to ten years if she left the US now. Wong stated that Onyango needed to stay for medical care because she could not walk.
Onyango was granted political asylum in 2010. Interviewed for the first time since then, in September 2010, by reporter Jonathan Elias on WBZ-TV in Boston, she described living in a homeless shelter for two years in Boston while waiting for her public housing apartment. She said she receives disability checks of up to $700 a month. She made no apologies for overstaying her visa.
Political background.
In 2002 Onyango applied for political asylum in the United States citing violence in Kenya; a federal immigration judge eventually rejected the request and instructed her to leave the country. Joan Friedland, a lawyer and immigration policy director at the National Immigration Law Center in Washington noted that even though an immigration judge makes a decision other options exist for a claimant.
Onyango and the Obama family are members of the Luo tribe, Kenya's third-largest (12%) ethnic group. Kenya has seen "longtime ethnic tension between the Luo and Kikuyu"; the Kikuyu are the most populous tribe accounting for approximately 22% of the country's people.
Tensions between the Luo and the Kikuyu can be traced to the mid-1960s post-independence period when a bitter falling out between the president (a Kikuyu) and his Vice President Jaramogi Odinga (a Luo) resulted in a "sustained political persecution of the Luo" who remain one of Kenya's most marginalised groups. Kenya's current prime minister and former opposition leader, Raila Odinga, is also of the Luo tribe. He is Jaramogi Odinga's son and has claimed to be related to the Obamas.
Odinga serves as Prime Minister of Kenya with president Mwai Kibaki (a Kikuyu) in a coalition government. Throughout the 2000s, Kenya and East Africa have seen widespread ethnic violence including killings, and the displacement of thousands.
In 2002 the National Rainbow Coalition won political control of Kenya but the country remained politically unstable with alleged electoral manipulation which was widely confirmed by international observers in the 2007 elections. The political fallout from the 2007 election resulted in a country-wide economic and humanitarian crisis.
"The American Prospect" noted Onyango's chances of being persecuted and tortured or that family members could be similarly mistreated, whether or not she's deported, had increased as a result of her case being leaked and widely publicized. They also noted that due to the heightened danger her asylum claim was bolstered. When her case was revealed in international media she fled from her home to stay with friends in Cleveland, Ohio; she felt threatened with people calling and knocking on her door at all hours. The Boston police said that there was a problem with curiosity seekers and paparazzi.
Immigration status.
Onyango became the subject of widespread and international media attention in the final week of the 2008 U.S. presidential election in which Obama was the Democratic candidate. The impetus for the scrutiny was an article by the Associated Press, based on anonymous government sources, which reported that Onyango was living in the United States without valid immigration status, after being asked by an immigration judge to leave the country.
Although such an order from a judge can be appealed, it is not known if Onyango appealed the order. Onyango was an illegal immigrant.
Onyango's case resulted in a special nationwide directive within Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) requiring any deportations to be approved at the level of ICE regional directors before the U.S presidential election. In discussing Onyango's case, various media outlets have discussed some of the issues of immigrants, including political asylum cases.
MSNBC's Domenico Montanaro noted that thousands of people live for years in the US after receiving deportation orders. ""Fugitive apprehension teams usually target suspects with criminal records before they go after simple immigration violators"".
Of an estimated ten million illegal immigrants, "The Washington Post" noted that an estimated 550,000 persons that have been denied asylum continue to reside in the United States.
Political donation.
Onyango illegally contributed money to Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. It is illegal for foreign citizens and/or immigrants without green cards to make political donations. The campaign stated they would return the donations regardless of her status to avoid any appearance of wrongdoing. One of the six commissioners of the Federal Election Commission (FEC), Ellen Weintraub, stated she was unsure if the agency – charged with administering and enforcing finance statutes that govern the election – had any mechanism to prevent contributions from foreign nationals. Weintraub stated donors are not required to furnish the FEC with Social Security Numbers and the two major parties have large opposition research departments to look for irregularities including "foreign-sounding names".
Legality regarding release of information.
The "Washington Post" noted federal privacy law restricts the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) from disclosing information about citizens and permanent residents, and DHS policy limits disclosures about immigrant's status. Asylum seekers are granted greater protection from release of information to the public, because of the sensitive nature of their claims and the risks of retaliation. In a statement, a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said the matter has been referred to the agency's Office of Professional Responsibility and its parent department's inspector general. "They are looking into whether there was a violation of policy in publicly disclosing individual case information", ICE spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said. "We can't comment on individual cases."
Waiver of deportation granted.
Zeituni Onyango was granted a waiver of deportation on May 17, 2010 by the United States and is currently a legal resident. Immigration Judge Leonard I. Shapiro granted Zeituni Onyango, her lawyers Margaret Wong and Scott Bratton, and her two doctors an extended hearing which lasted five hours. At the end Shapiro granted her legal residency and permission to work in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20023737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023737" title="Seeheim">
Seeheim

Seeheim is a settlement in Karas Region, southern Namibia. The only notable structures in Seeheim today are the hotel and the railway station; only a handful of people live there. Seeheim belongs to the Keetmanshoop Rural electoral constituency.
History.
Seeheim was founded in 1896 as a base for the German Schutztruppe. Early in the 20th century its sole purpose was that of a junction station where the lines from Keetmanshoop diverted to Lüderitz and Karasburg. The line Keetmanshoop-Lüderitz was built from 1905 to 1908, the line Keetmanshoop-Karasburg in 1909. The First World War was the reason to build these railway links through inhospitable land but the main use was soon the peaking transport demand triggered by the diamond rush that developed after a railway worker picked up a diamond near Grasplatz station, 24 kilometers east of Lüderitz. However, people travelling from the inland to Lüderitz had to stay overnight at Seeheim junction. This was the reason for the erection of two hotels, one of which is again in operation today after standing empty for 30 years.
In the 1950s, Seeheim was a settlement of considerable size. Afterwards, the town gradually fell into decline. The school closed down and the residents began to leave. 
Transport.
In 1974 the main road B2 was re-directed, leaving Seeheim in the middle of nowhere with only a small gravel access road, and the railway access.
Seeheim station today is part of the Namibian Railways. The passenger line to Lüderitz has been defunct for many years because the rails were destroyed between Aus and Lüderitz. This missing section is currently being rebuilt. Until its estimated finish in 2010, the few irregular passenger trains to the West end in Aus.
Economic activities.
Apart from Seeheim Hotel, a nostalgic stopover for tourists on their way to Fish River Canyon, there is a furniture maker.

</doc>
<doc id="20023744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023744" title="San Fernando (Pacific Electric)">
San Fernando (Pacific Electric)

The San Fernando Line was a part of the remarkable Pacific Electric Railway system in Los Angeles County, California. It was designed to increase the reach of public transportation from the Downtown Los Angeles and Hollywood into the San Fernando Valley, to support land speculation and development expanding Los Angeles.
Southern San Fernando Valley line.
In 1911–1912, a interurban electric railway was built from Lankershim (present day North Hollywood), the terminus of an existing line from over the Cahuenga Pass from Hollywood, westward through the entire southern San Fernando Valley property of the Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company syndicate, to promote and support small farm and residential property sales. The syndicate was led by Harry Chandler, with partners General Moses Sherman, Isaac Van Nuys, Hobart Johnstone Whitley, and James Boon Lankershim. The project was initiated in anticipation of the Los Angeles aqueduct opening in 1913, which would bring water for residential and irrigated agricultural development in the syndicate's San Fernando Valley holdings (and citywide). The syndicate is the Los Angeles land speculation group dramatized in the movie "Chinatown".
The partner General Moses Sherman directed the electric railway line's construction. It ran from Lankershim to the three new towns the syndicate's partner Hobart Johnstone Whitley had planned for the valley, Van Nuys, Marion (present day Reseda), and Owensmouth (present day Canoga Park and West Hills). The tracks ran in the middle of Sherman Way, a broad new 'lavishly landscaped' and paved avenue to the Owensmouth terminus.
Northern San Fernando Valley spur.
In addition, the San Fernando Mission Land Company of Charles Maclay and George K. Porter, which owned much of the northern San Fernando Valley (north of Roscoe Boulevard), built an electric railway spur line north from Van Nuys, to connect their undeveloped land and the City of San Fernando with the Pacific Electric system. From San Fernando, the southbound route followed Brand Boulevard, Sepulveda Boulevard, Parthenia Place, and then Van Nuys Boulevard from present day Panorama City to Van Nuys. Remnants of the right of way include center medians on Brand Boulevard, and roundabouts at the Parthenia Place and Sherman Circle/Van Nuys Boulevard turns.

</doc>
<doc id="20023745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023745" title="Islamic Azad University of Shahr Rey">
Islamic Azad University of Shahr Rey

The Shahr Rey branch of Islamic Azad University is situated in southern Tehran Province in Iran. It initially began working in Shahr Rey. Shahr Rey is the oldest part of Tehran with beautiful sights and ancient places. 
Campuses.
The Shahr Rey branch of Islamic Azad University has two large campuses: 

</doc>
<doc id="20023748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023748" title="Lenny Valentino">
Lenny Valentino

Lenny Valentino was a dream pop band from Mysłowice, Poland formed in 1998. They disbanded in 2001. Lenny Valentino formed in 1998, with guitarist/vocalist Artur Rojek (of the band Myslovitz) as the primary songwriter. Mietall Waluś (bass), Michał Koterba (guitar), and Wojciech Kuderski (drums) completed the band. The band's name is taken from a song by British group The Auteurs: "Lenny Valentino" appears on the 1994 album "Now I'm a Cowboy". Kuderski was replaced on drums by Bartosz Królikowski in 1999. In 2000, Lenny Valentino underwent further personnel changes and added all three members of Ścianka—Maciej Cieślak (guitar), Arkady Kowalczyk (drums), and Jacek Lachowicz (keyboard).
Their first and only album, "Uwaga! Jedzie tramwaj" (roughly: "Warning! The tram is coming"), was recorded in April 2001 and produced by Cieślak. The album was released 12 November 2001 on Sissy Records, a branch of BMG. "Uwaga! Jedzie tramwaj" received mostly positive reviews, including an MTV Poland award.
After touring Poland in support of their album, Lenny Valentino disbanded in December 2001 and the members focused on other projects. Rojek continued to work with Myslovitz, Waluś focused on Negatyw's debut album "Paczatarez", and the other three returned to Ścianka.
In 2006, they performed at Off Festival, of which Rojek is creative director, in their hometown Mysłowice.

</doc>
<doc id="20023782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023782" title="Rufius Gennadius Probus Orestes">
Rufius Gennadius Probus Orestes

Rufius Gennadius Probus Orestes (died 552) was a Roman aristocrat. He was appointed consul for the year 530, which he held without a colleague.
On 17 December 546 Orestes was in Rome when the Visigothic King Totila captured the city, Orestes, Anicius Olybrius, Anicius Maximus, and other "patricii" sought refuge in Old St. Peter's Basilica. He afterwards joined a group of refugees who followed the Byzantine army as far as Portus. The following year, when some Byzantine soldiers were patrolling in Campania and encountered captured senators, who were freed and afterward sent to Sicily, he was left behind due to a lack of horses. Orestes was still a prisoner of the Visigoths when Narses conquered Rome in 552; the senators were preparing to return to Rome, but the Goths who guarded them, enraged by the death of Totila, killed them all.

</doc>
<doc id="20023792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023792" title="Bassey Akpan">
Bassey Akpan

Bassey Akpan (born January 6, 1984 in Eket, Akwa Ibom State) is a Nigerian football (soccer) player currently with Hoàng Anh Gia Lai in Vietnam.
Career.
Akpan wears size 7½ or small 8 boot and loves jersey number 18. He has a Nigerian FA Cup bronze medal with the Sunshine Stars F.C. of Akure in 2002. On 3 August 2008 left Bayelsa United F.C. and move on loan to Heartland F.C.,
He rejoined Heartland ahead of the 2010-11 season after Bayelsa was relegated. He signed for Hoang Anh Gia Lai Club in Vietnam on a one year contract in October 2011.
International career.
In 2001, he was in the Nigerian U-17 squad at the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship that took place in Trinidad & Tobago which lost in the final game to earn a well-deserved silver medal, earning Akpan the best goalkeeper award of the tournament.
He made his full senior debut on March 3, 2010 as a late substitute in the 5-2 win over Congo DR. He was also Nigeria's number one goalkeeper in the 2010 WAFU Cup and won the Gold Medal

</doc>
<doc id="20023800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023800" title="Hiroshige II">
Hiroshige II

Another pupil of the first Hiroshige, Shigemasa, then married the master's daughter, Otatsu, and also began using the name Hiroshige; this artist now is known as Hiroshige III.

</doc>
<doc id="20023804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023804" title="Hiroshige III">
Hiroshige III

Born , he was given the artistic name Shigemasa. In 1867, after Hiroshige II, a fellow pupil of the original Hiroshige, divorced the master's daughter Otatsu, Gotō married her and initially took on the name Hiroshige II as well, but by 1869 he began calling himself Hiroshige III.
Hiroshige III worked in the same artistic style as his master, but did not achieve anywhere near the same level of success.
Gallery.
From "The most beautiful place in Tokyo" (東京名所第一の勝景, "Tōkyō meisho dai ichi no shōkei")

</doc>
<doc id="20023816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023816" title="Change of position">
Change of position

Change of position is a defense to a claim of unjust enrichment, or for restitution. Ordinarily, someone who has been unjustly enriched at the expense of another is strictly liable to disgorge his gains. However, a "change of position" defense operates where it would be inequitable to compel him to make restitution.
In English law, explicit recognition of the defence in response to an unjust enrichment claim was only first made in "Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale Ltd" 2 AC 548. 
This defence was discussed in Ireland in the case of Murphy v Attorney General IR 241.

</doc>
<doc id="20023828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023828" title="Anne La Berge">
Anne La Berge

Anne La Berge (born Palo Alto, California, in 1955) is a flautist, composer and improviser, currently resident in Amsterdam. Her most recent performances bring together the elements on which her reputation is based: a virtuosic command of her instrument, a penchant for improvising microtonal textures and melodies, and an array of percussive flute effects, all combined with electronic processing. These have distinguished her as “a pioneer in a wide array of new techniques”. Many of her compositions involve her own participation, though she has produced works intended solely for other performers, usually involving guided improvisation.The last few years have seen a new addition to her work: enigmatic texts that form part of her compositions and improvisations. In addition to creating her own work, she regularly performs in other artists’ projects in a range of settings from modern chamber music to improvised electronic music.
While pursuing PhD research at the University of California, San Diego in the mid-1980s she formed a duo with flutist John Fonville, commissioning new works and exploring extended techniques on flute, particularly with regard to microtonal scales. She moved to Amsterdam in 1989, where she has lived ever since.
In 1999, together Steve Heather and Cor Fuhler, she founded Kraakgeluiden, a improvisation series based in Amsterdam, exploring combinations of acoustic instruments, electronic instruments and computers, and using real-time interactive performance systems. Many of the musical collaborations that have resulted have taken on a life beyond the Kraakgeluiden series, which ceased in 2006. La Berge’s own music has evolved in parallel, and the flute has become only one element in a sound world that includes computer samples, the use of spoken text and electronic processing.
In 2006 - 2007 she collaborated with Dr. David LaBerge. This is a performance work based on Dr. La Berge's apical dendrite theory using film, narrative voice samples and music.
She can be heard on the New World Records, Z6 Records, Largo, Artifact, Etcetera, Hat Art, Frog Peak, Einstein, X-OR, Unsounds, Canal Street, Rambo, esc.rec. and Data labels which include recordings as a soloist and with Lukas Simonis, Ensemble Modern, United Noise Toys, Fonville/La Berge duo, Rasp/Hasp, Bievre/La Berge duo, Apricot My Lady and the Corkestra.
Anne La Berge has regularly received funding from the Dutch Funds for Composers, the Funds for the Podium Arts and the Amsterdam Funds for the Arts. She is the co-director, with her husband David Dramm, of the VOLSAP Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20023839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023839" title="Asakuragaidō Station">
Asakuragaidō Station


</doc>
<doc id="20023851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023851" title="Climbing fig">
Climbing fig

Climbing fig may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20023862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023862" title="Peter Stanley">
Peter Stanley

Peter Stanley (born 1956) is an Australian historian and Research Professor at the University of New South Wales in the Australian Centre for the Study of Armed Conflict and Society. He was Head of the Centre for Historical Research at the National Museum of Australia from 2007–13. Between 1980 and 2007 he was an historian and curator at the Australian War Memorial, including as head of the Historical Research Section and Principal Historian from 1987. He has written several books about Australia and the Great War since 2005 ("Quinn's Post, Anzac, Gallipoli", "Men of Mont St Quentin", "Bad Characters" and "Digger Smith and Australia's Great War", with others in train).
Biography.
Peter Stanley was born in Liverpool, UK, and migrated to Whyalla, South Australia, with his family in 1966. He attended the Australian National University and has three degrees from it, a BA (1977), Litt. B. (1984) and PhD (1993).
Stanley has published twenty five books, mainly in Australian military history, with a strong bent towards social history. He has also written on the military history of British India, and has published a book on British surgery in the final decades of surgery before the introduction of anaesthesia, and on the effects of bushfire on an Australian community. His writing expresses his concern to integrate operational and social approaches within military history and relates in one way or another to the theme of human experience in extreme situations.
His historical ventures also include leading the Memorial's Borneo battlefield tour, 1997; Commentator, ABC television broadcast of Anzac Day march, Sydney, 1998–2001; Historical advisor, television series "Australians at War" (Beyond Productions, 1999–2001); Commentator, Anzac Day national ceremony, Canberra, 2002–06; Leader, Australian War Memorial-Imperial War Museum Joint Study Tour to Crete and Egypt, Sep 2002; Presenter, "Revealing Gallipoli", December Films, Apr 2005; Participant, National Summit on History Education, Canberra, Aug 2006; Commentator, ABC television broadcast national ceremony Anzac Day, Canberra, 2007–10. In 2008 he appeared in the documentaries "Monash: the Forgotten Anzac" and the 4 Corners report on "The Great Great History War" and Wain Fimeri's recent "Charles Bean's Great War". In 2011 he participated in the Shine/Channel 9 series "In Their Footsteps" as an historical consultant and an on-screen presenter, and contributed to an episode of "Who do you think you are?" in 2013.
He has recently been a major participant in a public debate regarding the "Battle for Australia", contesting opinions that events in Darwin in 1942 during the Second World War represented Japan's intention to invade Australia. He argues that the wartime slogan of a 'battle for Australia', used by John Curtin in February 1942 in anticipating invasion by Japan, was taken up in the mid-1990s and applied unjustifiably.
In his work at the National Museum of Australia Peter Stanley wrote a book about the effects of the 2009 bushfires on a small rural community in Victoria, "Black Saturday at Steels Creek" (published in 2013 by Scribe Publications). He is contributing to a volume on "Australia and the Great War" in the 'new Bean' series for Oxford University Press, and part of a chapter in the forthcoming Cambridge History of Australia.
Stanley writes as a freelance author and in the course of his employment. A recent book is a novel for children, "Simpson's Donkey" (Murdoch Books, Sydney, 2011). Future books include "Fortitude", a revised popular edition of his 2003 book "For Fear of Pain", and "Lost Boys of Anzac", a book looking at the men of the 3rd Brigade who died on 25 April 1915. His most recent military history book, one surveying the Australian experience of the Great War, is told entirely through the lives and words of people called Smith or Schmidt – "Digger Smith and Australia's Great War" published by Murdoch/Pier 9 in October 2011. Stanley has been contracted to publish "Lost Boys of Anzac" with NewSouth in 2015, and "Die in battle: Do not Despair: Indians on Gallipoli, 1915" with Helion (UK). He is also editing "Welch Calypso", Tom Stevens's memoir of his time in the West Indies in the early 1950s, also for Helion. 
His"Bad Characters: Sex, Crime, Mutiny, Murder and the Australian Imperial Force" was the joint winner of the 2011 Prime Minister's Prize for Australian History.
In 2001, Stanley criticised the ABC Television mini-series "Changi", claiming that the program was an in-accurate and misleading portrayal of the Second World War POW camp in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="20023870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023870" title="Zi Corporation">
Zi Corporation

Zi Corporation was a software company based in Calgary, Canada specializing in Predictive text.
On February 26, 2009, Nuance Communications announced that it would be acquiring Zi Corporation.
Nuance completed its acquisition on April 9, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20023880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023880" title="List of Reborn! antagonists">
List of Reborn! antagonists

The antagonists of the "Reborn!" anime and manga series, known in Japan as "Katekyō Hitman Reborn!", are created by Akira Amano. Set in a fictional town called Namimori in modern Japan, the series' main protagonists are of Japanese descent. However, their connection to an Italian Mafia family results in a majority of other characters introduced being mainly of Italian descent, including most of its antagonists.
The story centers around middle school student Tsunayoshi "Tsuna" Sawada, who finds out that he is the heir to the Vongola crime family. Reborn, the titular character and infant hitman, is sent to train him, and slowly recruits members into Tsuna's own Mafia family. They eventually attract attention from those who want to annihilate the future boss of the Vongola Family. Enemies such as the Kokuyo Gang, a group of Mafia criminals, and The Varia, an elite team of assassins, prove to be formidable challenges for Tsuna and his comrades. When some of the characters are later transported into an alternate future, nine years and ten months later, they have to adapt to a world where every Vongola member, as well as their allies, is being hunted down by a powerful rival family, the Millefiore. After returning from the future, they have to fight against an allied Family of Vongola since first generation who's seeking revenge to Vongola, Simon Family who turned out to be manipulated by Vongola Primo's Mist Guardian, Daemon Spade who intend to rebuild the Vongola that he desire. Later, Tsuna and the others participate in Representative Battle of the Rainbow under request from the Arcobaleno with the winner will be able to have his or her curse removed. However, things started to get worse once an Arcobaleno with a clear pacifier, Bermuda von Veckenschtein appears with his team and participate the Representative Battle in order to get his revenge on Checker Face at the cost of the Arcobaleno's lives.
Kokuyo Gang.
The Kokuyo Gang is a group led by Mukuro Rokudo, who formed the group after escaping from a special, high security jail in Italy which housed heinous criminals who have even committed crimes against the Mafia. Along with the two comrades he escaped with, Ken Joshima and Chikusa Kakimoto, he recruited other Mafia criminals who were able to break out from the same jail some time later. After their defeat at the hands of Tsuna and his friends, they were all once again imprisoned, though Chikusa and Ken are later able to escape, while Mukuro strikes a deal with the Vongola for their safety.
Chrome Dokuro.
Chrome Dokuro is a loyal 13-year-old vessel of Mukuro and one of the newest members of the gang. She is originally a girl named Nagi who was found by Mukuro when on the verge of death after her attempt to rescue a cat from traffic accident at the cost of her right eye and several of her organs. Mukuro allowed her to live by creating illusionary organs for her with his illusion, intertwining their existence. She became co-Mist Guardian of Vongola, fighting against Mammon in the Ring Conflict, which result on her lost until Mukuro switched place with her and defeats Mammon. A week after Mukuro's release from Vendicare prison, she was kicked out from the gang by Mukuro and begins living on her own in Namimori with Tsuna and his friends. The reason of her discard was revealed during the third day of Representative Battle; it was because of her own dilemma between wanting to be acknowledged as individual and wanting to keep living with Mukuro's illusionary organs, causing her health deteriorating. This left Mukuro no choice but to keep her at distance from him. However, she's able to overcome her dilemma and recreate her organs with her own power, defeating two Vindices with hers and Mukuro's combined power. As she and Mukuro shared one body, she's able to use two of Mukuro's six skills. However, once Mukuro was freed from Vendicare Prison, she can no longer use this ability. She used to use the same trident like Mukuro as her main weapon, but after she was discarded from the gang, the spikes of her trident reduced to one. She is voiced by Satomi Akesaka in the Anime.
Birds.
Birds is one of dangerous criminals that assisted Mukuro on finding Tsuna. He is accompanied by yellow birds that always followed him around and double as a signal to Mukuro if he was defeated. He is an old man who finds pleasure in suffering of others, as he has nosebleeds when he ordering Tsuna's friends to beat him up. He ordered the Bloody Twins to follow Kyoko and Haru and threatened Tsuna and his friends that they will kill them if they didn't listen to what he said. However, his planw as foiled due to Shamal, Future Lambo and I-Pin's interference, resulting with his defeat and he was later arrested. He was voiced by Takahiro Hirano in the anime.
Bloody Twins.
Jiji and Djidji are a pair of brutal serial killers that loyal to Birds. They are ones of criminals that Mukuro had freed along with him, becoming part of Kokuyo Gang members. They are used as a blackmail, following Kyoko and Haru and threatened to kill them if Tsuna and his friends don't listen to Birds' order. However, they were defeated by Shamal and Future I-Pin who have been asked by Reborn to act as the two girls' bodyguards. They were arrested along with the other members afterwards.
The Varia.
The Varia is the Vongola Family's elite, independent assassination team. They are composed of genius assassins who work in the deepest recesses of the Mafia. Each member takes on missions that are said to be impossible to accomplish by humans, however, they do not accept a mission unless they believe there is a 90% chance of success. Those that see them work often say that their high level assassination skills are demonic. Despite lacking loyalty and respect for other members, they are extremely loyal to their leader, Xanxus. The Varia also appear to have more than fifty subordinates ranged under the command of the main members. The Varia is apparently reclusive, only showing themselves after Iemitsu Sawada disappeared.
During the alternate future arc, a 32 member Varia squad led by Xanxus attack a Millefiore base in Italy in accordance with the Vongola's plan to eliminate the Millefiore. Despite their fierce loyalty to the Vongola Family, the Varia only consider themselves as the Vongola IX's assassination team, still not acknowledging Tsuna to be the rightful Vongola X.
Superbi Squalo.
In the future, Squalo and Belphegor appears in an encoded video for Tsuna and his family, warning them not to move from their current location and that instructions will be arriving shortly. In videos he sent to the adult Yamamoto for boasting rights and also as a way to draw the latter back to the sword, Squalo is shown to have continuously fought 101 battles in order to secure his title as the "Second Sword Emperor". He is later shown to be the battle commander during the attack against the Millefiore base in Italy. He wields Rain-Class flames and his special box unleashes a shark. He is voiced by Hiroki Takahashi in the anime.
Belphegor.
, Belphegor is an assassin working for the Vongola's independent assassination squad, the Varia. He is known as "Prince the Ripper" (Purinzu za Rippa). Once a prince of an unknown country, at the age of eight, he stabbed his identical twin brother, Rasiel, presumably to death. It was later revealed during the Future Arc although he did stab his brother Rasiel, Rasiel still lived. Bel has a crescent-shaped birthmark on the right side of his stomach which mirrors Rasiel's. He is known as a battle genius, but his abilities only truly present themselves when he sees his own "royal" blood, which reminds him of the time he stabbed his brother. His eyes are never shown, but in Volume 24, Lussuria says in his interview that his eyes are both cool and loyal. In the future, during the Varia raid on a Millefiore base, he unleashes a storm-attribute mink from his special box. He is nicknamed Bel or Prince the Ripper.He is voiced by Yūki Fujiwara in the anime.
Leviathan.
, known as 'Levi' for short, is an extremely loyal subordinate to Xanxus who cares little about promotions. It is said that his speed in accomplishing his work is the best in the Varia. He carries eight umbrellas which are each capable of discharging electricity. He battles Lambo during the Vongola Tournament, and though he had no problem defeating the 5 and 15-year-old Lambos, he is easily outmatched by the 25-year-old Lambo. After Lambo reverts to his 5-year-old self, Levi prepares to deliver the final blow to the unconscious Lambo, but Tsuna's intervention disqualifies Lambo. During the tournament's final battle, he is defeated by Gokudera. In the future, he is shown to unleash a lightning-based stingray from his special box during the raid on the Millefiore base. He is voiced by Yuto Nakano in the anime.
Millefiore Family.
The is the Mafia family that is engaged in battle against the Vongola Family in the future. The Millefiore is a result of the merging of two separate Mafia families: the up-and-coming Family led by Byakuran, and the family with as much history as the Vongola, the led by Yuni. They are organized into two groups to distinguish their old families, which are then further separated into 18 different squads, each named for a plant or flower. Those originally from the Giglio Nero are the Black Spell and have the tendency to engage in direct combat, while those from the Gesso are the White Spell and specialize in cunning battle tactics. There appears to be animosity between members of the White Spell and the Black Spell, resulting in a lack of communication and sabotage by individual squads. Their organization also possesses the Mare Rings, a set of seven rings on par with the Vongola Rings originally belonging solely to the Giglio Nero. The holders of which, save the holder of the Sky, are known as the six Funeral Wreaths.
Gamma.
Gamma is an A ranked member of the Millefiore Family, who commands the 3rd attack squad of the Black Spell. According to Lal Mirch, Gamma is responsible for wiping out many of the allies of the Vongola Family. Gamma defeats Hayato Gokudera and Takeshi Yamamoto later interrogating Gokudera. Before Gamma killed them however, Kyoya Hibari arrived and defeated him. When Tsuna's group infiltrates their base, he runs into Gokudera and Ryohei. It is evident that he received a substantial power boost and succeeds defeating Ryohei. He and Gokudera then fight to a stalemate. He later returns to protect Yuni from the Real Six Funeral Wreathes and later both of them sacrifice themselves so the Arcobaleno can be reborn. It is revealed that Gamma has a deep hatred of Byakuran and members of the White Spell, believing that the former did something to Yuni that caused her to become who she is now. Gamma is the wielder of the Lightning Mare Ring that is later revealed to be a fake, and can use his lightning attribute flame to hover in the air as well as create electromagnetic barrier that can defend against attacks. He carries a billiard cue and a series of electrically charged billiard balls. Gamma also uses an animal box weapon, in the form of two foxes made of lightning, which can be enhanced using a third box. He is voiced by Kazuhiko Inoue in the anime.
Genkishi.
, also known as the "Phantom Knight", is a Millefiore illusionist and swordsman, carrying four swords, as well as the Mist Mare Ring that is later revealed to be a fake and one of the six Hell Rings. He is sent to Japan by Byakuran in order to protect Shoichi Irie, so during the Vongola's raid on their base, he defeats Yamamoto and battles adult Hibari until the latter is replaced with their past self. It is revealed that despite being a former Giglio Nero member, he devoted himself to following Byakuran when he saved him from an incurable disease, and had even instigated the Giglio Nero/Gesso merger by faking his defeat at the hands of Squalo. However, when Byakuran had requested him to steal the Mare Rings and Sky Pacifier from the Giglio Nero, he was unable to do so due to Yuni. This leads him to go to great lengths to prove his loyalty to Byakuran, even being consumed by his Hell Ring, which changes him physically and mentally, in order to defeat Tsuna in battle. Though his transformation grants him greater power, he loses to Tsuna and escapes by using one of his box weapons. He resurfaces during the Vongolas' battle with the Six Funeral Wreaths disguised as Saru, one of Torikabuto's subordinate. There, he is defeated in a rematch with Yamamoto and killed off by Kikyo, under orders of Byakuran. He is voiced by Daisuke Hosomi in the anime.
Ginger Bread.
Though primarily known as within the story, he claims that he no longer goes by that name. He is also known as the Magician's Doll, primarily due to his usage of similar looking dolls that are clothed in a wizard's hat and cape, and have stars in their eyes, to fight. In addition, he uses spiders, summoned by what he calls sorcery. He is the vice-captain of the Millefiore's eighth squad, and claims to have had a hand in the death of Colonnello. As such, Lal Mirch engages him in battle, but after he loses, it is revealed that she was only fighting one of his dolls. Another one of his dolls, paired with another Millefiore member, Iris Yoka, and her Death Stalk squad, shows up soon after to incapacitate Tsuna and Spanner, but it is then defeated by the former. Later, it's revealed that he's actually dolls created by a Vindice, Alejandro to destroy families from within. He is voiced by Yumiko Kobayashi in the anime.
Real 6 Funeral Wreaths.
The are Byakuran's six strongest subordinates, and are thus in possession of the Mare Rings, the Millefiore's top class rings that are said to be on par with the power of the Vongola Rings, and are a corner of the Trinisette policy. At first, it was thought that Shoichi Irie, Gamma, Genkishi, Glo Xinia, and Rasiel were part of the six as they supposedly possessed Mare Rings, but Byakuran reveals that the rings that they possess are fake; he hid the true identities of the real Funeral Wreaths as he suspected Shoichi's betrayal. The known members are , the rough-looking Storm Funeral Wreath, his Carnage Box transforms him into part T-Rex; , (voiced by Kazuki Kato in the anime) the ruthless Cloud Funeral Wreath and leader of the real Funeral Wreaths; his Carnage Box transforms him into part-Spinosaurus;, the Millefiore's immortal sun guardian who possesses facial scars and is apparently obsessed with slaughter, his Carnage Box transforms him into part-lizard; , a young girl who is the Rain Funeral Wreath and is able to dissolve into water, her Carnage Box transforms her into part-Shonisaurus; , the Mist Funeral Wreath and a colossal figure who utilizes multiple flame elements and illusions in battle, his Carnage Box transforms him into a disgusting merge of human and moth; and , the Lightning Funeral Wreath who is in fact a parallel double of Byakuran himself, able to absorb flames from nearby sources due to his unique composition. All of the members (excluding Ghost) shown so far have displayed a number of shared traits: they use box weapons containing prehistoric beings such as dinosaurs as opposed to regular animals, they have their box weapons embedded in their bodies to maximize their fighting ability, and they use their Dying Will flames as projectiles in combat when their box weapons are dormant. An interesting point about Bluebell and Zakuro is that their hair colour matches their flame colour.
Simon Family.
The Simon Family is a Mafia group that has been allies with the Vongola since Giotto's time, but has grown weak over the years. Seven of its members transfer into Namimori Middle School in order to attend Tsuna's inheritance ceremony. These members are Shitt P., Adelheid Suzuki, Kaoru Mizuno, Rauji Ōyama, Kōyō Aoba, Julie Katōu, and the tenth Simon boss, Enma Kozato. Their true motive is to take revenge on the Vongola, who supposedly betrayed the Simon Family during the first generations' time. Their power comes from the Simon Rings, which are fully activated by Vongola's Sin, a vial which is said to contain the blood of the first Simon boss, Cozzato Shimon. Their rings use Flames of the Earth as opposed to Vongola's Flames of the Sky. Tsuna and his friends face the Simon in battles which they stake their pride and the loser is imprisoned in Vindice forever. It is later revealed that the Simon Family was being manipulated by Vongola Primo's Mist Guardian, Daemon Spade, who plans to take possession of Mukuro Rokudo's body and rebuild the Vongola family in his image. After Daemon was defeated, Simon Family reconciled their bond with Vongola.
Individual.
Daemon Spade.
In the final battle with Tsuna, he was defeated by Tsuna who had acquired Flame of Oath, mortally wounding him in the process. As he was dying, he dropped his pocket watch that picked up by Tsuna, revealing it contains old photograph of himself with the Vongola Primo Family and Elena. At this time he finally revealed his past and his motives behind his entire action for all those years; all for Elena's sake. After knowing this, Tsuna, not wanting Daemon to die while still bearing hatred and regret, lied as he assured him that Elena is grateful and knew that he'd never forgot her using his Vongola intuition, making Daemon whole-heartedly accept his fate despite knowing that Tsuna was lying about Vongola Hyper Intuition. Afterwards, he dies, finally at peace as he accepted Tsuna and his Family, entrusting Vongola in their hands.
By acquiring Mukuro's body, he obtained all the six Simon Earth rings, excluding Enma's that allows him to use all the abilities of the Simon family along with the special eight attribute Flame, Flame of Night that Vendice use that far exceeding his previous power to the point where Mukuro stated that he's no longer a human but a monster. In anime, Daemon was voiced by Atsushi Kousaka.
Vindice.
Vindice are the masked keepers of Mafia law who punish those who cannot be judge by normal law. Those who defy their law are arrested without any hesitation and imprisoned in inescapable prison known as Vendicare Prison. The Vindice has been around for as long as the Mafia exist. Their reputation among Mafia world precedes them, as they are said to show no mercy even to devils. They are said to have no emotions other than hatred. They possesses the Flame of Night that governs by a set of law that allows them to transport anywhere they want. The Vindice are revealed to be the previous Arcobaleno who were in the past, tricked and cursed by Checker Face. They, who had their Pacifier removed from them were mostly dead and even the ones who managed to survive had a cursed lives afterwards that only desiring for revenge, making them the way they are now. All the Vindice, aside from Bermuda, are unable to create their own flames and merely survived by the flames provided by Bermuda. After they were defeated by Tsuna and his friends, they agreed to protect the Tri-ni-set for eternity that had been place in jars specifically created by Talbot with Bermuda's Flame of Night as support to prevent another generations of Arcobaleno.
Bermuda von Veckenschtein.
A mysterious Arcobaleno and the founder of Vindice organization with clear pacifier who first appeared alongside Jager in front of Giotto, Cozart Shimon, and G., becoming focal point of the oath made by both Giotto and Cozart. He later reappeared alongside seven Vindices at the second day of Representative Battle and officially participate the battle after defeating Team Skull and steal their watches with his team. He is said to be once the absolute strongest Arcobaleno until certain incident and due to a little blunder, he is under the same curse as the other Arcobaleno. Like other Vindice, he was an Arcobaleno who was tricked and cursed by Checker Face. However, when Checker Face tried to remove his flame from his pacifier, Bermuda resisted and able to survive by filling his pacifier with a new flame, Flame of Night and through generations, recruiting those who experience the same fate as him and taught them how to use the flame. He created the Vindice in order to keep watch the Tri-ni-set in hope he able to track Checker Face who administrates it. He plans to kill Checker Face to achieve his revenge by winning the Representative Battle, at cost of the Vindice and the current Arcobaleno's lives. After defeated by Tsuna, he and the Vindice agreed to protect the Tri-ni-set with his flames to take control over it, away from Checker Face, as well as in order to prevent another generation Arcobaleno to be born ever again. Being the founder of the Flame of Night and formerly the strongest Arcobaleno, Bermuda is a powerful fighter with ability to short warp with infinite amount of times, strong enough to corner Reborn in his adult form.
Jager.
Bermuda's partner who always appeared alongside the latter. He also witnessed the oath made by Giotto and Cozart. He reappeared again when Daemon able to break out from Vendicare water prison and promised both Tsuna and Enma that he will free Ryohei and Shimon Guardians who were imprisoned in their prison if they able to defeat Daemon. During the Representative of the Rainbow, he and his team joined the battle as Bermuda's Representative with him as the Boss. According to Bermuda, he is the strongest Vindice warrior, able to overpower Tsuna in a matter of seconds as well as Squalo, Xanxus, and Byakuran. Even Reborn himself made it clear that Tsuna won't stand a chance against him and couldn't see any possibility for him to win against him in any way. During the fourth day of Representative Battle, however, he was defeated by Tsuna and his remaining team members' cooperation.
Jack.
One of the Vindice who partake the Representative Battle of the Rainbow as part of Team Bermuda. During the third day of Representative Battle, he appears with other two Vindices in front of Tsuna's and Mukuro's team, which resulting a temporary alliance between the two. During the battle, he was the one who indicated that they are not human being. He is defeated by Tsuna shortly after his other two teammates were defeated by Mukuro and Chrome.
Alejandro.
One of the Vindice who partake the Representative Battle of the Rainbow as part of Team Bermuda. He has been in Vindice almost around the same time as Bermuda. During his fight with Tsuna, Enma, and Basil, it's revealed that he's the creator of Ginger Bread puppets to destroy Families from within, referring them as his children. His battler watch was destroyed by Tsuna after his attention was distracted when witnessing his Ginger Bread puppets' defeat by Tsuna, Enma, and Basil's combination, disqualifying him from the Representative Battle.
Small Gia.
One of the Vindice who partake the Representative Battle of the Rainbow as part of Team Bermuda. He, along with Big Pino ambushed Team Verde's decoy puppets and then fought illusions created by Chrome and Flan with Gokudera and Yamamoto mixed among them to buy times until Tsuna, Enma, and Basil arrives. He able to located Chrome's and Flan's illusions and almost had Big Pino kill them, but Tsuna, Enma, and Basil arrives in time to save them. He uses weapons that carried by Big Pino and able to switch them whenever he wanted to. Unlike other Vindice in common, he's rather expressive, showing clearly his joy and emotions even though Jager has once said that Vindice has no emotion other than hatred. He is also sadistic, stating that his hobby is slaughtering. He seemed to be the only one able to understand Big Pino's words. He and Big Pino was defeated when Yamamoto restrained him while his movements were stopped by Enma's manipulation and Chrome and Flan protected him and Gokudera with their illusions right before the dynamites that Yamamoto was holding explode, destroying his battler watch.
Big Pino.
One of the Vindice who partake the Representative Battle of the Rainbow as part of Team Bermuda. He, along with Small Gia ambushed Team Verde's decoy puppets and then fought illusions created by Chrome and Flan with Gokudera and Yamamoto mixed among them to buy times until Tsuna, Enma, and Basil arrives. He's powerful enough to destroy Gokudera's Sistema C.A.I and Yamamoto's swords, and nearly killed them if only Tsuna, Enma, and Basil didn't arrive on time to stop them. Aside from his cannon, he carries various weapons with him behind his coat that used by Small Gia. Unlike other Vindice, he's unable to talk and can only say "pipipupo" that only Small Gia could understand. He and Small Gia was defeated when Gokudera distracts and able to reach his arm near enough to his battler watch while Enma stopped his movements and Chrome and Flan protected him and Yamamoto's bodies with their illusions right before the dynamites that Gokudera was holding explode, destroying his battler watch.
Reception.
Due to not having any recurring antagonists or villains in the first seven volumes, the series was initially termed to be an "episodic comedy series," with even the would-be killers turning out to be good guys. The series introduces its first set of recurring villains in volume eight. Still, Leroy Douresseaux of Comic Book Bin points out that despite Tsuna and company facing the "biggest threat" they have ever faced, the series retains its comedic factor; describing the villains as "really strange adversaries – "Naruto" meets the defunct FOX TV comedy, "Arrested Development"." In IGN's review of volume nine, A.E. Sparrow describes the new villains as the "super-powered cadre of bad guys," with Manga Life's David Rasmussen commenting that Mukuro is an evil being.

</doc>
<doc id="20023881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023881" title="Changamwe Constituency">
Changamwe Constituency

Changamwe Constituency is an electoral constituency in Changamwe, Kenya. It is used to be one of four constituencies in Mombasa district. With the promulgation of the new constitution in August 2010, it saw a creation of two more constituencies in Mombasa County. These are Jomvu and Nyali constituencies which were curved out from Changamwe and Kisauni Constituencies respectively thereby bringing a total of six constituencies in 2012. 
Before the curving out of Jomvu constituency from Changamwe, the constituency used to have eight wards electing Councillors for the Mombasa municipal council.
Promulgation of New Constitution.
With the promulgation of the new constitution in August 2010, the districts were renamed to Counties thus bringing a total of 47 counties in the country and the wards renamed to county assembly wards. This also saw the remapping of Changamwe Constituency boundary by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission - IEBC as mandated by the New Constitution.
Changamwe Constituency has five county assembly wards namely: Airport; Chaani; Kipevu; Miritini and Port Reitz 
High Court Ruling.
Following the petitions made by the Changamwe constituents against the manner in which IEBC handled the delimitation of the constituency, the High Court ruled in favor of the people on 9Th July, 2012. In the ruling carried out by the 5 High court sitting judges, they ordered IEBC to rename Magongo ward as Changamwe ward and move it to Changamwe Constituency; at the same time the IEBC was ordered to move Miritini ward to Jomvu Constituency. 
Changamwe now has the following county assembly wards: Changamwe ward, Chaani ward, Airport ward, Kipevu ward and Port Reitz ward.
Historical Perspective.
Members of Parliament
Locations and wards

</doc>
<doc id="20023884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023884" title="Stal Sanok">
Stal Sanok

Stal Sanok is a Polish football club based in Sanok. They compete in Polish Third League (4th level). In the season 2008/2009 they have reached the 1/4 of final in the Polish Cup. They once won a game with Legia Warsaw (the capital city's football club)
There was also an ice-hockey section in this club - nowadays under name KH Sanok.

</doc>
<doc id="20023890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023890" title="Highway 1 (South Australia)">
Highway 1 (South Australia)

In South Australia, Highway 1 is a long route that follows the coastline of the state, from the Victorian border near Mount Gambier to the Western Australian border near Eucla. Highway 1 continues around the rest of Australia, joining all mainland state capitals, and connecting major centres in Tasmania. All roads within the Highway 1 system are allocated a road route numbered 1, M1, A1, or B1, depending on the state route numbering system, and parts are concurrent with National Highway routes. In South Australia, most of the highway is designated as route A1, with multi-lane, dual-carriage-way sections generally designated route M1. South-east of Tailem Bend, it is designated route B1.
History.
Highway 1 was created as part of the National Route Numbering system, adopted in 1955. The route was compiled from an existing network of state and local roads and tracks.
Route description.
In South Australia, the highway connects:

</doc>
<doc id="20023920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023920" title="HMS Trompeuse">
HMS Trompeuse

Three ships of Britain's Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Trompeuse", after the French word for "deceptive":
See also.
Trompeuse (ship)

</doc>
<doc id="20023938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023938" title="Mahasena of Anuradhapura">
Mahasena of Anuradhapura

Mahasena, also known in some records as Mahasen, was a king of Sri Lanka who ruled the country from 277 to 304 AD. He started the construction of large tanks or reservoirs in Sri Lanka, and built sixteen such tanks. After becoming king, Mahasen discriminated against Theravada Buddhists in the country, and destroyed several temples including Mahavihara, the main Theravada temple, before his chief minister led him to realise his mistakes. The Jethavana stupa was also built by Mahasen. His countrymen regarded him as a god or deity after the construction of the Minneriya tank, and he was named Minneri Deviyo (God of Minneriya).
Discrimination against Theravada Buddhism.
Mahasen was the younger son of King Gotabaya, who ruled the country from 253 to 266. His elder brother and predecessor to the throne was King Jetthatissa, who was the king from 266 to 275. Mahasen and Jetthatissa were educated by a Buddhist monk named Sanghamitta, who was a follower of the "Vaitulya" doctrine. Mahasen also became a follower of this doctrine, which was associated with Mahayana Buddhism. Theravada Buddhism was traditionally the official religion of the country. However when Mahasen acquired the throne, he ordered the Bhikkhus of Mahavihara, the largest Theravada temple in the country, to accept Mahayana teachings. When they refused, Mahasen prohibited his countrymen from providing food to the Theravada Bhikkhus, and established a fine for violating this. As a result, the Buddhist monks abandoned Anuradhapura and went to the Ruhuna municipality in the South of the country.
Mahasen destroyed the Mahavihara, and the materials obtained from there were used for building the Jethavanaramaya. Lovamahapaya, which belonged to the Mahavihara, was also destroyed. After this incident, the king’s chief minister and friend, Meghavannabaya, rebelled and raised an army in Ruhuna against him. The king came with his army to defeat Meghavannabaya and camped opposite the rebel camp. On the night before the battle was to be fought, Meghavannabaya managed to enter Mahasen’s camp and convinced him to stop the violence against Theravada Buddhists. Mahasen agreed to stop the violence and made peace with Meghavannabaya, and later reconstructed the Mahavihara.
Constructions.
The Jethavana stupa was built by Mahasen in the land belonging to Mahavihara. This is the highest stupa in Sri Lanka, and is among the tallest in the world. It is also the largest brick building ever built.
The Mahavamsa, the ancient chronicle of Sri Lanka, states that Mahasen constructed sixteen large tanks and two irrigation canals. The largest among these is the Minneriya tank, which covers an area of . The tank has a circumference of , and its high bund is long. The Minneriya tank provides water for a large area, and its water supply is maintained by the Elahara canal. Henry Ward, a governor of Sri Lanka when it was a British crown colony, had stated; 
No wisdom and no power in the ruler can have forced such efforts even upon the most passive oriental nations, without general persuasion that the work was one of paramount necessity and that all would participate in its benefits
The sixteen tanks given in the Mahavamsa as built by Mahasen are as follows. Some of these tanks have been identified, and the present names of the ones that have been identified are given in brackets.
In addition to these, Mahasen also built the canal Pabbathantha ela, and also completed the canal Elahara ela, which was started by King Vasabha.
Relations with the countrymen.
During Mahasen’s anti-Theravada campaign, his countrymen turned against him and this opposition even led to rebellions against him. Even the Commander of his army Meghavarnabaya turned against him. These led to the killing of several royal officials, including the monk Sanghamitta, the teacher of the king who led him to this campaign.
However, after Mahasen reconstructed the Mahavihara and constructed and repaired several tanks in order to improve agriculture in the country, the people’s opposition toward him was reduced. After the construction of the Minneriya reservoir, Mahasen was regarded as a god or deity, and was called "Minneri Deviyo" (God of Minneriya). After his death, a shrine was built for him near the Minneriya reservoir, the remains of which can be seen to this day.
Mahasen died in 301, and with his death, the Mahavamsa written by the Buddhist Monk Mahanama also ends.

</doc>
<doc id="20023943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023943" title="Clan Innes">
Clan Innes

Clan Innes is a Scottish clan. The clan is without a chief that is recognized by the Lord Lyon King of Arms; therefore it can be considered an armigerous clan. The clan takes its name from the lands of Innes in Moray, Scotland.
Clan Innes claims descent from a Berowald, a Flemish knight, who was given the lands of Innes by Malcolm IV of Scotland in 1160. Berowald's grandson, Walter, assumed the surname Innes and was granted a charter of confirmation by Alexander II of Scotland in 1226. In 1452, Robert Innes, the eleventh laird, fought under the Earl of Huntly at the Battle of Brechin. He later founded the Greyfriars of Elgin in an attempt to repay for his sins. The twentieth chief of Clan Innes, Sir Robert, was a Member of Parliament for Moray and was made a baronet of Nova Scotia in 1625. The third baronet, Sir James, married Lady Margaret Ker (whom through the sixth baronent inherited the "Ker" dukedom of Roxburghe. The twenty-fifth chief (and sixth baronet), Sir James Innes, claimed the dukedom of Roxburghe in 1805 when the previous duke died without a direct heir. Later, in 1812 the House of Lords ruled in favour of Sir James, rejecting claims by the heir female of the second earl and heir male whatsoever of the first earl. Because of the ruling Sir James took the surname "Innes-Ker" and was titled "James Innes-Ker, 5th Duke of Roxburghe". The present duke of Roxburghe is heir to the chiefship of the clan, however since he bears the surname "Innes-Ker" the Lord Lyon King of Arms will not recognise him as chief of the name "Innes".
The crest badge suitable for clan members to wear contains the heraldic crest of "a boar's head erased Proper", and the heraldic motto of "BE TRAIST".

</doc>
<doc id="20023959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023959" title="Shigenobu">
Shigenobu

Shigenobu is a Japanese name. It is usually a male given name but can be a surname the name of a place. As with most personal names, the meaning of the name is derived from which "kanji" (Chinese characters) are used, and there are several different "kanji" that are pronounced "shige" and a few which can be pronounced "nobu".
Possible spellings.
Phonetic spelling.
The following are spellings of the name "Shigenobu" in the two phonetic syllabaries of written Japanese, and thus have no intrinsic meaning:

</doc>
<doc id="20023960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023960" title="Abdulkareem Elemosho">
Abdulkareem Elemosho

Abdulkareem Elemosho (born August 10, 1977 in Ilorin) is a Nigerian football (soccer) player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Nigeria.
Trivia.
His favourite jersey number is 22 and his boot size is 10, his ambition is to become a coach.
He played for Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin (1998–1999), Shooting Stars Sports Club (3SC) of Ibadan (2000–2001), Sunshine Stars F.C. of Akure (2003–2004) Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin 2001-2003, 2004 to date). He is a National Challenge Cup champion in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20023962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023962" title="BBÖ Class 113">
BBÖ Class 113

The steam locomotive class BBÖ 113 was an express train, tender locomotive class operated by the Federal Railway of Austria (BBÖ).
History.
After World War I new locomotives had to be built for the Austrian Western Railway due to increasing train loads and the replacement of old, wooden, passenger coaches with steel-bodied coaches. A 4-8-0 design was chosen which was based in many respects on the Class 570 of the Austrian Southern Railway, but which, at the same time, had numerous improvements. Between 1923 and 1928 40 locomotives of this new Class 113 were taken into service with the BBÖ.
This class was very powerful and much liked by locomotive crews. It was employed on the most importance passenger train duties and in front of express and fast trains ("Eilzüge") and fulfilled its role on main lines well until the end of the steam era, when its top speed of 85 km/h was no longer considered enough. In 1939, the Deutsche Reichsbahn took these locomotives over as DRG Class 33 101–140. In 1953 there were still 33 engines left in the ÖBB, their Reichsbahn numbers being retained. All were retired by 1968.
Preserved locomotives.
Number 33.102 has been preserved for the Austrian Railway Museum ("Österreichische Eisenbahnmuseum") and is based today at the Strasshof Railway Museum ("Eisenbahnmuseum Strasshof") in Lower Austria. In the 1980s a preserved example in Yugoslavia was bought by private firm and restored to operational status. Today this engine has the fictitious number 33.132 and is available for heritage trips. In addition another locomotive exists in Poland, which can be regarded more as a Polish copy of the Class 570 predecessor.

</doc>
<doc id="20023990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023990" title="Nikolai Golushko">
Nikolai Golushko

Nikolai Mikhailovich Golushko (; born on 21 June 1937 in the village Andreyevka in Kokshetau region, Kazakh SSR) is a former minister and KGB officer.
In 1959 he graduated from the law faculty of Tomsk university. He worked in KGB from 1963 on (for many years as an officer in the Fifth department that aimed at suppressing 'ideological diversions' and political dissent).
From 1987 to 1991 Golushko was the chairman of the KGB of the Ukrainian SSR.
From 1992 deputy and later the first deputy of the minister of security of the Russian Federation. From September to December 1993 Golushko served as the minister of security of the Russian Federation. From December 1993 to February 1994 he was the director of the Federal Service of Counter-intelligence of the Russian Federation. According to Yevgenia Albats, Golushko was forced to step down in 1994, after he had refused Yeltsin's request to bar State Duma from granting amnesty to the October 1993 rebels.
Golushko's military rank is Colonel General.

</doc>
<doc id="20023994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20023994" title="Chikushi Station">
Chikushi Station


</doc>
<doc id="20024003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024003" title="Kisauni Constituency">
Kisauni Constituency

Kisauni Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Mombasa County. The constituency has eight wards electing councillors for the Mombasa municipal council.
Members of Parliament.
Kenya general election, 2013 || Rashid Bedzimba || ODM ||

</doc>
<doc id="20024045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024045" title="Toyoshige">
Toyoshige

Toyoshige is a masculine Japanese given name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024058" title="Alexander Crichton">
Alexander Crichton

Sir Alexander Crichton (2 December 1763 – 4 June 1856) was a Scottish physician and author.
Medical career.
Born in Newington, Edinburgh, Crichton received his M.D. from Leyden, Holland, in 1785. He developed his medical skills through studies at Paris, Stuttgart, Vienna, and Halle. He returned to London in 1789, becoming MRCS but by 1791 he had moved from surgery, becoming a member of the Royal College of Physicians, and a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London in 1793, holding the post of physician at Westminster Hospital between 1794 and 1801.
In 1803 Crichton was invited to become the emperor of Russia's personal physician, and between 1804 and 1819 was appointed Physician in Ordinary (personal physician) to Tsar Alexander I of Russia and to Maria Feodorovna, the Dowager Empress. He was also head of medical services in that country, receiving several Russian and Prussian honours.
Geological studies.
Retiring to England, Crichton wrote several books dealing with medical and geological subjects, becoming a member of the Royal Geographical Society in 1819. Crichton's extensive collection of minerals consisted mainly of specimens from Siberia, Russia, Norway, Hungary, Germany, the UK, the US and India. These were acquired during his tenure as physician to Alexander I of Russia and during his travels throughout Europe when he was studying medicine.
ADHD pioneer.
He was the second person to describe a condition similar to the inattentive subtype of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), in his book "An inquiry into the nature and origin of mental derangement: comprehending a concise system of the physiology and pathology of the human mind and a history of the passions and their eﬀects" (1798).
Death.
He died at The Groves, near Sevenoaks, in 1856 and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery, where his monument is a gabled granite slab.

</doc>
<doc id="20024080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024080" title="Likoni Constituency">
Likoni Constituency

Likoni Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Mombasa County. The constituency has four wards electing councillors for the Mombasa municipal council.

</doc>
<doc id="20024093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024093" title="Fouldes v Willoughby">
Fouldes v Willoughby

Fouldes v Willoughby (1841) 8 M&W 540 is a leading English law case on the tort of conversion.
Facts.
The owner of two horses had come on board a ferry from Birkenhead to Liverpool. The ferryman refused to carry the horses. The owner refused to take them back on shore, and so the ferryman took the bridle from the owner turned the horses loose at the landing. The owner stayed put on board, and did not try to get the horses back. He sued the ferryman for conversion.
The judge at the trial told the jury that the defendant ferryman, by taking the horses from the plaintiff and turning them out of the vessel, had been guilty of a conversion. The ferryman appealed.
Judgment.
The Exchequer Court held that the ferryman was not guilty of conversion, because there was no interference with the plaintiff's "general right of dominion" over the horses. “In my opinion,” said Lord Abinger CJ,
“he should have added to his direction, that it was for them to consider what was the intention of the defendant in so doing. It is a proposition familiar to all lawyers, that a simple asportation of a chattel, without any intention of making any further use of it, although it may be a sufficient foundation for an action of trespass, is not sufficient to establish a conversion. It has never yet been held that the single act of removal of a chattel, independent of any claim over it, either in favour of the party himself or any one else, amounts to a conversion of the chattel.”
Rolfe B gave a now well recognised definition of conversion that it is,
"a taking with the intent of exercising over the chattel an ownership inconsistent with the real owner's right of possession".
Instead, the ferryman was liable for trespass.

</doc>
<doc id="20024119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024119" title="Miles Richmond">
Miles Richmond

Miles Peter Richmond (19 December 1922 – 7 October 2008) was a British artist.
Born Peter Richmond, in Isleworth, Middlesex, he added the name Miles in the 1980s, and became generally known as such. From 1940 to 1943 he attended Kingston School of Art, and then, as a conscientious objector worked on the land. This caused a rift with his father, an Admiralty engineer, and was thought by his intimates to account, at least in part, for the palpable emotional depth and passion of his paintings.
In 1946, he began training at the Borough Polytechnic in Southwark (now London South Bank University), under David Bomberg, and in the same year he became a founder member of the influential Borough Group of artists. Fellow members included the Group's founding president, Cliff Holden, Dorothy Mead and Dennis Creffield. In 1952, he and his first wife, Eleanor (later Susanna) Richmond moved to Aix-en-Provence, France, and in 1954 to Ronda, Andalusia, Spain, where he lived and worked for over twenty years. At various times he taught art at Portsmouth Polytechnic and Morley College in London, where his students included Tatiana Litvinov, daughter of Joseph Stalin's one-time Foreign Minister. Other students included Nigel Caple (whom Richmond met at Portsmouth Polytechnic, and where Richmond came into severe conflict with marxists who were then dominant in the art department) and Rosie Skaife d'Ingerthorpe, who had graduated from Goldsmiths College.
He moved back to Britain in 1979, later taking up residence in North Yorkshire, where he painted, exhibited and taught. Students came to train with him on study leave, especially from St Albans College of Art, later part of Hertfordshire University. In 1994, he moved to Middlesbrough with his second wife Miranda, where he painted until his death. His final exhibition of paintings opened on 7 November 2008 at the Boundary Gallery in north London; it included a room of his early works and a room of his last paintings.
Richmond had a strong spiritual sense, regarding painting as similar to prayer, and nurtured a lifelong determination never to become what he called a "dealer's artist". A month before his death he published a letter in "The Guardian" very critical of a materialistic ethos in contemporary western art, provoked by the auction at Sotheby's of work by Damien Hirst.

</doc>
<doc id="20024121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024121" title="Ishk">
Ishk

Ishk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024137" title="Ralph Lee Bowerman">
Ralph Lee Bowerman

Master Sergeant Ralph Lee Bowerman (US Army, retired), (born 14 August 1934, Red Deer, Alberta, Canada), is a composer, songwriter, musician and entertainer. A saxophone player since childhood, Ralph Bowerman is best known for winning the US Army Bicentennial Army hymn competition on 14 June 1975, and for the memorial service at Arlington National Cemetery, during which SFC Ralph Lee Bowerman's composition "Mighty Is Our Army,"
A prolific composer, Ralph Bowerman is credited with numerous marches and songs, including the "TDY Blues", the US Army V Corps March "It Will Be Done"
, and the US 3rd Armored Division's "Spearhead March". Ralph has also written poetry, which he shares with his family and close friends.
Education.
He received a bachelor's degree in Music from St Leo College under the US Army College Program and a master's in Music from Norfolk State University, Norfolk, Virginia.
Childhood and Early Adulthood.
Ralph grew up in Alberta, Canada. The son of John and Thelma Bowerman (née Weaver), Ralph helped raise his younger brother John during the Second World War, while his father fought with the Canadian Army's decorated Calgary Highlanders and Black Watch regiments in Europe. Ralph served briefly with the Royal Canadian Navy at Cornwallis, Nova Scotia. After working as a telegraph operator with the Canadian Pacific Railway in British Columbia, Ralph immigrated to the United States.
US Army Career.
In 1957, Ralph was drafted into the US Army, where he decided to make his career. While assigned to the 2nd Armored Division Band at Fort Hood, Texas, he was a member of a jazz quartet that won 1st place in an Army-wide competition. His quartet then performed on The Ed Sullivan Show, Episode #580 on August 30, 1959. Later, while assigned to the US Army in West Germany, Ralph met and married his wife, Rosemarie Schwenk. Ralph Bowerman also served with the US Army Transportation Corps in Vietnam during the 1969 Tet Offensive, and briefly worked as a personal assistant to US Army General William Westmoreland. After returning from Vietnam, Ralph was assigned to a series of posts in CONUS and Europe, including 3 years in West Germany (1972–74), where SFC Bowerman's responsibilities included establishing emergency deployment march tables for the US Army V Corps in event of a Warsaw Pact offensive.
Ralph's final deployment back to the US took him to the US Armed Forces School of Music, located at the US Naval Amphibious Base (Little Creek), Norfolk, VA. Promoted to Master Sergeant, MSG Bowerman was assigned to the joint services school as Senior Enlisted Director, Training Development, US Army Element. Ralph retired in 1980 after 23 year's service, a decorated veteran and recipient of the Meritorious Service Medal and Bronze Star Medal.
Current Life.
Ralph currently lives in Norfolk, Virginia with his wife, Rosemarie. A survivor of major open heart surgery in 2007, Ralph Bowerman continues to perform as a saxophone player with the Dual State Band in southeastern Virginia. Ralph can also frequently be seen entertaining family, staff and patrons at Captain Groovy's in Norfolk, his favorite local eatery.

</doc>
<doc id="20024203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024203" title="County of Lecce">
County of Lecce

The County of Lecce was a semi-independent Italo-Norman entity in Puglia (Apulia), southern Italy, which existed from 1055 to 1463. Its capital was Lecce, and it was bounded by territories of Brindisi on the north, Oria and Nardò on the west, and Soleto and Otranto on the south.
The county was founded by the Normans after their conquest of Apulia in the 1050s. Several Norman monarchs held their court in Lecce, and here was born Tancred of Hauteville, who had the title of Duke of Lecce from 1149 to 1194. His daughter Elvira Maria Albina married Walter III of Brienne, whose family held the title of Lecce in the following centuries. In 1384 Mary of Enghien, granddaughter of Isabella of Brienne, became Countess of Lecce. When she married Raimondo Orsini del Balzo, Count of Soleto and (from 1393 to 1406) Prince of Taranto, all the Salento was unified in one of the largest fiefs in the Kingdom of Naples and Italy. Raimondo renewed the county and cities administration. 
After his death, the county went to his son, Giovanni Antonio Orsini Del Balzo, who had also inherited the Principality of Taranto in 1420. At his death in 1463, king Ferdinand I of Naples named himself heir of Giovanni Antonio's rich legacy, annexing the county to the royal estates.

</doc>
<doc id="20024250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024250" title="Zabrinski">
Zabrinski

Zabrinski were an alternative rock band from Carmarthen, Wales. They formed in the late 1990s and released four albums before splitting up in 2007.
History.
Misnamed after the 1970 film "Zabriskie Point", the band was formed by school friends Matthew Durbridge (vocals, guitar), Iwan Morgan (electronica/keyboards), and Gareth Richardson (guitar) in Carmarthen. They relocated to Cardiff and took on further members, Rhun Lenny (bass) and Owain Jones (drums), both of the band Topper. Their debut album, "Screen Memories" was released on their own Microgram label, and led to a deal with Ankst. In March 2001, the band's Ankst debut, "Yeti" was released, described by the "South Wales Echo" as "a collection of 10 tracks just bristling with ambition", and the band also recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show. "Yeti" drew comparisons with such varied artists as New Order, Aphex Twin, and Flaming Lips. The same year, they supported Gorky's Zygotic Mynci on their UK tour, and they also toured several times with Super Furry Animals. They were nominated for three Welsh Music Awards in 2001. The band's third album, "Koala Ko-ordination" was issued in 2002 now with Kris Jenkins on keyboards, with comparisons again to Flaming Lips, and also to Super Furry Animals and Gorky's Zygotic Mynci. The album was described as "Very strange. Rather marvellous" by the "Sunday Times", and "a beguiling album that is both smart and warm" by the "Daily Express". The band's last album, "Ill Gotten Game" was released in 2005, and was described by the BBC as "a many faceted work of wonder", but disappointing sales contributed to the band splitting up in 2007. The band's final performance was at the Gwyl Macs Fest in Carmarthen on 1 September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20024260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024260" title="Detroit Receiving Hospital">
Detroit Receiving Hospital

Detroit Receiving Hospital in Detroit, Michigan, is the state's first Level I Trauma Center. Receiving’s emergency department treats more than 105,000 patients annually, and nearly 60% of Michigan’s emergency physicians are trained at Receiving. Receiving also features the state’s largest burn center, Michigan’s first hospital-based 24/7 hyperbaric oxygen therapy program, and Metro Detroit’s first certified primary stroke center. It is one of the eight hospitals and institutions that comprise the Detroit Medical Center.
History.
Detroit Receiving Hospital (DRH) was founded in 1915 as a city-owned hospital, dedicated to caring for everyone, regardless of ability to pay. In 1965, the hospital was renamed Detroit General, and maintained that mission. In 1980, Detroit General moved to a new 320-bed facility, and reclaimed the name Detroit Receiving Hospital.
DRH was the first American College of Surgeons verified Level I Trauma Center in Michigan, and one of the first in the nation. Focusing on adult medical care for emergency, trauma, and critically ill patients, the majority of DRH patients arrive through the emergency department. The University Health Center clinics adjacent to Detroit Receiving treat more than 250,000 patients annually, making it one of the busiest ambulatory facilities in the country. 
Approximately 95% of the physicians on staff at the hospital also serve on the faculty of Wayne State University School of Medicine. In 1976, before emergency medicine was recognized as a specialty, Detroit Receiving began a postgraduate emergency medicine training program. Nearly half the physicians currently practicing in Michigan have received some of their training at Detroit Receiving Hospital.
Clinical specialties.
Specialties at Detroit Receiving include emergency medicine, orthopaedic traumatology, neurosurgery, trauma surgery, and burn treatment, earning national and international recognition for the hospital. DRH was also the site of the first cranioplasty, using a pre-cast replica of missing bone to repair a skull. 
Detroit Receiving, along with Harper University Hospital, is home to Cardio Team One, an innovative cardiac care program designed to improve the response time for patients presenting at an emergency room with severe cardiac disease.
Detroit Trauma Symposium.
Detroit Receiving hosts the longest-running, annual trauma conference in the country, the Detroit Trauma Symposium, attracting physicians worldwide. The Symposium features the latest treatment and management techniques for the injured patient.
Art collection.
The facility itself earned an award from the American Institute of Architecture for design, and also houses an extensive hospital-based art collection, composed of donations to DRH over a 30-year period. The collection features more than 1,200 pieces, estimated at more than $3 million, one of the largest hospital-based collections in the nation.
Accreditation.
Detroit Receiving Hospital is listed in The Leapfrog Group’s 2008 Top Hospital list for patient quality and safety. The Leapfrog group identified 33 hospitals, (26 adult and 7 pediatric) which have achieved the highest level for quality and safety practices. Detroit Receiving Hospital also received Magnet Status in 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20024269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024269" title="Keizo Yamada">
Keizo Yamada

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20024282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024282" title="History of the Byzantine Empire">
History of the Byzantine Empire

This article continues the History of the Roman Empire, referring mainly to the Eastern Roman or Byzantine Empire. It begins with the division of the Roman Empire by Diocletian in 286 AD, and the founding of Constantinople (officially called "Second Rome" and later "New Rome") as the capital of the Roman Empire by Constantine I in 330, while it concludes with the Fall of Constantinople in 1453 and the Fall of Trebizond in 1461.
Tetrarchy.
During the 3rd century, three crises threatened the Roman Empire: external invasions, internal civil wars and an economy riddled with weaknesses and problems.* Fenner, Economic Factors</ref> The city of Rome gradually became less important as an administrative centre. The crisis of the 3rd century displayed the defects of the heterogeneous system of government that Augustus had established to administer his immense dominion. His successors had introduced some modifications, but events made it clearer that a new, more centralized and more uniform system was required.
Diocletian was responsible for creating a new administrative system (the tetrarchy). He associated himself with a co-emperor, or "Augustus". Each Augustus was then to adopt a young colleague, or "Caesar", to share in the rule and eventually to succeed the senior partner. After the abdication of Diocletian and Maximian, however, the tetrachy collapsed, and Constantine I replaced it with the dynastic principle of hereditary succession.* Gibbon (1906), II, </ref>
Constantine I and his successors.
Constantine moved the seat of the Empire, and introduced important changes into its civil and religious constitution. In 330, he founded Constantinople as a second Rome on the site of Byzantium, which was well-positioned astride the trade routes between East and West; it was a superb base from which to guard the Danube river, and was reasonably close to the Eastern frontiers. Constantine also began the building of the great fortified walls, which were expanded and rebuilt in subsequent ages. J. B. Bury asserts that "the foundation of Constantinople [...] inaugurated a permanent division between the Eastern and Western, the Greek and the Latin, halves of the Empire—a division to which events had already pointed—and affected decisively the whole subsequent history of Europe."
Constantine built upon the administrative reforms introduced by Diocletian.* Esler (2000), 1081</ref> He stabilized the coinage (the gold solidus that he introduced became a highly prized and stable currency), and made changes to the structure of the army. Under Constantine, the Empire had recovered much of its military strength and enjoyed a period of stability and prosperity. He also reconquered southern parts of Dacia, after defeating the Visigoths in 332, and he was planning a campaign against Sassanid Persia as well. To divide administrative responsibilities, Constantine replaced the single praetorian prefect, who had traditionally exercised both military and civil functions, with regional prefects enjoying civil authority alone. In the course of the 4th century, four great sections emerged from these Constantinian beginnings, and the practice of separating civil from military authority persisted until the 7th century.
Under Constantine, Christianity did not become the exclusive religion of the state, but enjoyed imperial preference, since the Emperor supported it with generous privileges: clerics were exempted from personal services and taxation, Christians were preferred for administrative posts, and bishops were entrusted with judicial responsibilities.* Mousourakis (2003), 327–328</ref> Constantine established the principle that emperors should not settle questions of doctrine, but should summon general ecclesiastical councils for that purpose. The Synod of Arles was convened by Constantine, and the First Council of Nicaea showcased his claim to be head of the Church.
The state of the Empire in 395 may be described in terms of the outcome of Constantine's work. The dynastic principle was established so firmly that the emperor who died in that year, Theodosius I, could bequeath the imperial office jointly to his sons: Arcadius in the East and Honorius in the West. Theodosius was the last emperor to rule over the full extent of the empire in both its halves.
The Eastern Empire was largely spared the difficulties faced by the West in the third and fourth centuries, due in part to a more firmly established urban culture and greater financial resources, which allowed it to placate invaders with tribute and pay foreign mercenaries. Throughout the fifth century, various invading armies overran the Western Empire but spared the east. Theodosius II further fortified the walls of Constantinople, leaving the city impervious to most attacks; the walls were not breached until 1204. To fend off the Huns of Attila, Theodosius gave them subsidies (purportedly 300 kg (700 lb) of gold). Moreover, he favored merchants living in Constantinople who traded with the Huns and other foreign groups.
His successor, Marcian, refused to continue to pay this exorbitant sum. However, Attila had already diverted his attention to the Western Roman Empire. After he died in 453, his empire collapsed and Constantinople initiated a profitable relationship with the remaining Huns, who would eventually fight as mercenaries in Byzantine armies.* Treadgold (1997), 184</ref>
The Leonid Dynasty.
Leo I succeeded Marcian as emperor, and after the fall of Attila, the true chief in Constantinople was the Alan general Aspar. Leo I managed to free himself from the influence of the non-Orthodox chief by supporting the rise of the Isaurians, a semi-barbarian tribe living in southern Anatolia. Aspar and his son Ardabur were murdered in a riot in 471, and henceforth, Constantinople restored Orthodox leadership for centuries.
Leo was also the first emperor to receive the crown not from a military leader, as was the Roman tradition, but from the Patriarch of Constantinople, representing the ecclesiastical hierarchy. This change became permanent, and in the Middle Ages the religious characteristic of the coronation completely supplanted the old military form. In 468, Leo unsuccessfully attempted to reconquer North Africa from the Vandals. By that time, the Western Roman Empire was restricted to Italy and the lands south of the Danube as far as the Balkans (the Angles and Saxons had been invading and settling Britain since the early decades of the 5th century; the Visigoths and Suebi had possessed portions of Hispania since 417, and the Vandals had entered Africa in 429; Gaul was contested by the Franks under Clovis I, Burgundians, Bretons, Visigoths and some Roman remnants; and Theodoric was destined to rule in Italy until 526).
In 466, as a condition of his Isaurian alliance, Leo married his daughter Ariadne to the Isaurian Tarasicodissa, who took the name Zeno. When Leo died in 474, Zeno and Ariadne's younger son succeeded to the throne as Leo II, with Zeno as regent. When Leo II died later that year, Zeno became emperor. The end of the Western Empire is sometimes dated to 476, early in Zeno's reign, when the Germanic Roman general Odoacer deposed the titular Western Emperor Romulus Augustus, but declined to replace him with another puppet.
To recover Italy, Zeno could only negotiate with the Ostrogoths of Theodoric, who had settled in Moesia. He sent the gothic king to Italy as "magister militum per Italiam" ("commander in chief for Italy"). After the fall of Odoacer in 493, Theodoric, who had lived in Constantinople during his youth, ruled Italy on his own. Thus, by suggesting that Theodoric conquer Italy as his Ostrogothic kingdom, Zeno maintained at least a nominal supremacy in that western land while ridding the Eastern Empire of an unruly subordinate.
In 475, Zeno was deposed by Basiliscus, the general who led Leo I's 468 invasion of North Africa, but he recovered the throne twenty months later. However, he faced a new threat from another Isaurian, Leontius, who was also elected rival emperor. In 491 Anastasius I, an aged civil officer of Roman origin, became emperor, but it was not until 498 that the forces of the new emperor effectively took the measure of Isaurian resistance. Anastasius revealed himself to be an energetic reformer and an able administrator. He perfected Constantine I's coinage system by definitively setting the weight of the copper "follis", the coin used in most everyday transactions. He also reformed the tax system, and permanently abolished the hated chrysargyron tax. The State Treasury contained the enormous sum of 145,150 kg (320,000 lbs) of gold when he died.
Justinian I and his successors.
Justinian I, who assumed the throne in 527, oversaw a period of Byzantine expansion into former Roman territories. Justinian, the son of an Illyrian peasant, may already have exerted effective control during the reign of his uncle, Justin I (518–527).* Evans, Justinian (AD 527–565)</ref> In 532, attempting to secure his eastern frontier, Justinian signed a peace treaty with Khosrau I of Persia agreeing to pay a large annual tribute to the Sassinids. In the same year, Justinian survived a revolt in Constantinople (the Nika riots) which ended with the death of (allegedly) thirty thousand rioters. This victory solidified Justinian's power. Pope Agapetus I was sent to Constantinople by the Ostrogoths king Theodahad, but failed in his mission to sign a peace with Justinian. However, he succeeded in having the Monophysite Patriarch Anthimus I of Constantinople denounced, despite Empress Theodora's support.
The western conquests began in 533, as Justinian sent his general Belisarius to reclaim the former province of North Africa from the Vandals with a small army of about 15,000 men. Success came with surprising ease, but it was not until 548 that the major local independent tribes were subdued. In Ostrogothic Italy, the deaths of Theodoric the Great, his nephew and heir Athalaric, and his daughter Amalasuntha had left her murderer Theodahad on the throne despite his weakened authority. In 535, a small Byzantine expedition sent to Sicily met with easy success, but the Goths soon stiffened their resistance, and victory did not come until 540, when Belisarius captured Ravenna, after successful sieges of Naples and Rome.
Nevertheless, the Ostrogoths were soon reunited under the command of Totila and captured Rome on 17 December 546; Belisarius was eventually recalled by Justinian in early 549. The arrival of the Armenian eunuch Narses in Italy (late 551) with an army of some 35,000 men marked another shift in Gothic fortunes. Totila was defeated and died at the Battle of Busta Gallorum. His successor, Teia, was likewise defeated at the Battle of Mons Lactarius (October 552). Despite continuing resistance from a few Goth garrisons and two subsequent invasions by the Franks and Alamanni, the war for the Italian peninsula was at an end. In 551, a noble of Visigothic Hispania, Athanagild, sought Justinian's help in a rebellion against the king, and the emperor dispatched a force under Liberius, who, although elderly, proved himself a successful military commander. The Byzantine empire held on to a small slice of the Spania coast until the reign of Heraclius.
In the east, Roman-Persian Wars continued until 561 when Justinian's and Khusro's envoys agreed on a 50-year peace. By the mid-550s, Justinian had won victories in most theatres of operation, with the notable exception of the Balkans, which were subjected to repeated incursions from the Slavs. In 559, the Empire faced a great invasion of Kutrigurs and Sclaveni. Justinian called Belisarius out of retirement, but once the immediate danger was over, the emperor took charge himself. The news that Justinian was reinforcing his Danube fleet made the Kutrigurs anxious, and they agreed to a treaty which gave them a subsidy and safe passage back across the river.
Justinian became universally famous because of his legislative work, remarkable for its sweeping character. In 529 a ten-man commission chaired by John the Cappadocian revised the ancient Roman legal code, creating the new "Corpus Juris Civilis", a collection of laws that came to be referred to as "Justinian's Code". In the "Pandects", completed under Tribonian's direction in 533, order and system were found in the contradictory rulings of the great Roman jurists, and a textbook, the "Institutiones", was issued to facilitate instruction in the law schools. The fourth book, the "Novellae", consisted of collections of imperial edicts promulgated between 534 and 565. Because of his ecclesiastical policies, Justinian came into collision with the Jews, the pagans, and various Christian sects. The latter included the Manichaeans, the Nestorians, the Monophysites, and the Arians. In order to completely eradicate paganism, Justinian closed the famous philosophic school in Athens in 529.
During the 6th century, the traditional Greco-Roman culture was still influential in the Eastern empire with prominent representatives such as the natural philosopher John Philoponus. Nevertheless, the Christian philosophy and culture were in the ascendant and began to dominate the older culture. Hymns written by Romanos the Melode marked the development of the Divine Liturgy, while architects and builders worked to complete the new Church of the Holy Wisdom, Hagia Sophia, designed to replace an older church destroyed in the course of the Nika revolt. Hagia Sophia stands today as one of the major monuments of architectural history. During the 6th and 7th centuries the Empire was struck by a series of epidemics, which would greatly devastate the population, contributing to a significant economic decline and weakening of the Empire.* Haldon (1997), 110–111* Treadgold (1997), 196–197</ref>
Justinian's successor, Justin II, refused to pay the large tribute to the Persians. Meanwhile, the Germanic Lombards invaded Italy; by the end of the century only a third of Italy was in Byzantine hands. Justin's successor, Tiberius II, choosing between his enemies, awarded subsidies to the Avars while taking military action against the Persians. Although Tiberius' general, Maurice, led an effective campaign on the eastern frontier, subsidies failed to restrain the Avars. They captured the Balkan fortress of Sirmium in 582, while the Turks began to make inroads across the Danube. Maurice, who in the meantime had become emperor, made peace with the Sassanian Emperor Khosrau II, achieving access to Armenia, and forced the Avars and Slavs back across the Danube by 602.
Heraclian dynasty and shrinking borders.
After Maurice's murder by Phocas, Khosrau used the pretext to reconquer the Roman province of Mesopotamia. Phocas, an unpopular ruler who is invariably described in Byzantine sources as a "tyrant", was the target of a number of senate-led plots. He was eventually deposed in 610 by Heraclius, who sailed to Constantinople from Carthage with an icon affixed to the prow of his ship.* Speck (1984), 178</ref> Following the ascension of Heraclius, the Sassanid advance pushed deep into Asia Minor, also occupying Damascus and Jerusalem and removing the True Cross to Ctesiphon. The counter-offensive of Heraclius took on the character of a holy war, and an acheiropoietos image of Christ was carried as a military standard.* Cameron (1979), 23</ref> Similarly, when Constantinople was saved from an Avar siege in 626, the victory was attributed to the icons of the Virgin which were led in procession by Patriarch Sergius about the walls of the city. The main Sassanid force was destroyed at Nineveh in 627, and in 629 Heraclius restored the True Cross to Jerusalem in a majestic ceremony.* Baynes (1912), "passim"* Speck (1984), 178</ref> The war had exhausted both the Byzantine and Sassanid Empire, and left them extremely vulnerable to the Arab forces which emerged in the following years. The Byzantines suffered a crushing defeat at the Battle of Yarmuk in 636, and Ctesiphon fell in 634.
Heraclius was the first emperor to replace the traditional Latin title for his office ("Augustus") with the Greek "Basileus" (). This shift from Latin to Greek finds a parallel in the contemporary abandonment of Latin in official documents. In an attempt to heal the doctrinal divide between Chalcedonian and monophysite Christians, Heraclius proposed monotheletism as a compromise. In 638 the new doctrine was posted in the narthex of Hagia Sophia as part of a text called the "Ekthesis", which also forbade further discussion of the issue. By this time, however, Syria and Palestine, both hotbeds of monophysite belief, had fallen to the Arabs, and another monophysite center, Egypt, fell by 642. Ambivalence toward Byzantine rule on the part of monophysites may have lessened local resistance to the Arab expansion.
Heraclius did succeed in establishing a dynasty, and his descendants held onto the throne, with some interruption, until 711. Their reigns were marked both by major external threats, from the west and the east, which reduced the territory of the empire to a fraction of its 6th-century extent, and by significant internal turmoil and cultural transformation.
The Arabs, now firmly in control of Syria and the Levant, sent frequent raiding parties deep into Anatolia, and between 674 and 678 laid siege to Constantinople itself. The Arab fleet was finally repulsed through the use of Greek fire, and a thirty-years' truce was signed between the empire and caliphate. The Anatolian raids continued unabated, and accelerated the demise of classical urban culture, with the inhabitants of many cities either refortifying much smaller areas within the old city walls, or relocating entirely to nearby fortresses. The void left by the disappearance of the old semi-autonomous civic institutions was filled by the theme system, which entailed the division of Anatolia into "provinces" occupied by distinct armies which assumed civil authority and answered directly to the imperial administration. This system may have had its roots in certain "ad hoc" measures taken by Heraclius, but over the course of the seventh century it developed into an entirely new system of imperial governance.* Kaegi (2003), 236, 283</ref>
The withdrawal of massive amounts of troops from the Balkans to combat the Persians and then the Arabs in the east opened the door for the gradual southward expansion of Slavic peoples into the peninsula, and, as in Anatolia, many cities shrank to small fortified settlements. In the 670s the Bulgars were pushed south of the Danube by the arrival of the Khazars, and in 680 Byzantine forces which had been sent to disperse these new settlements were defeated. In the next year Constantine IV signed a treaty with the Bulgar khan Asparukh, and the new Bulgarian state assumed sovereignty over a number of Slavic tribes which had previously, at least in name, recognized Byzantine rule. In 687–688, the emperor Justinian II led an expedition against the Slavs and Bulgars which made significant gains, although the fact that he had to fight his way from Thrace to Macedonia demonstrates the degree to which Byzantine power in the north Balkans had declined.
The one Byzantine city that remained relatively unaffected, despite a significant drop in population and at least two outbreaks of the plague, was Constantinople. However, the imperial capital was marked by its own variety of conflict, both political and religious. Constans II continued the monothelite policy of his grandfather, Heraclius, meeting with significant opposition from laity and clergy alike. The most vocal opponents, Maximus the Confessor and Pope Martin I were arrested, brought to Constantinople, tried, tortured, and exiled. Constans seems to have become immensely unpopular in the capital, and moved his residence to Syracuse, Sicily, where he was ultimately murdered by a member of his court. The Senate experienced a revival in importance in the seventh century and clashed with the emperors on numerous occasions. The final Heraclian emperor, Justinian II, attempted to break the power of the urban aristocracy through severe taxation and the appointment of "outsiders" to administrative posts. He was driven from power in 695, and took shelter first with the Khazars and then with the Bulgars. In 705 he returned to Constantinople with the armies of the Bulgar khan Tervel, retook the throne, and instituted a reign of terror against his enemies. With his final overthrow in 711, supported once more by the urban aristocracy, the Heraclian dynasty came to an end.* Haldon (2004), 216–217* Kountoura-Galake (1996), 62–75</ref>
The 7th century was a period of radical transformation. The empire which had once stretched from Spain to Jerusalem was now reduced to Anatolia, Chersonesos, and some fragments of Italy and the Balkans. The territorial losses were accompanied by a cultural shift; urban civilization was massively disrupted, classical literary genres were abandoned in favor of theological treatises, and a new "radically abstract" style emerged in the visual arts. That the empire survived this period at all is somewhat surprising, especially given the total collapse of the Sassanid Empire in the face of the Arab expansion, but a remarkably coherent military reorganization helped to withstand the exterior pressures and laid the groundwork for the gains of the following dynasty. However, the massive cultural and institutional restructuring of the Empire consequent on the loss of territory in the seventh century has been said to have caused a decisive break in east Mediterranean "Romanness" and that the Byzantine state is subsequently best understood as another successor state rather than a real continuation of the Roman Empire.
Isaurian dynasty and Iconoclasm.
Leo III the Isaurian (717-741 AD) turned back the Muslim assault in 718, and achieved victory with the major help of the Bulgarian khan Tervel,who killed 32,000 Arabs with his army, at the expense of the Arabs in 740. Raids by the Arabs against Byzantium would plague the Empire all during the reign of Leo III. However, the threat against the Empire from the Arabs would never again be as great as it was during this first attack of Leo's reign. In just over twelve years, Leo the Isaurian had raised himself from being a simple Syrian peasant to being the Emperor of Byzantium. Now, Leo set about the task of reorganizing and consolidating the themes in Asia Minor. Additionally, in 726 AD, Leo III, ordered the removal of the great golden icon of Christ that decorated the Chalke Gate or vestibule to the Great Palace of Byzantium. "Chalke" means bronze in the Greek language and the Chalke Gate derived its name from the great bronze doors that formed the ceremonial entrance to the Great Palace.
Built in reign of Anastasius I (491-518 AD), the Chalke Gates were meant to celebrate the Byzantium victory in the Isaurian War of 492-497 AD. The Chalke Gates had been destroyed in the Nika riots of 532 AD. When the gates were rebuilt again by Justinian I (527-565 AD) and his wife Theodora, a large golden statue of Christ was positioned over the doors. At the beginning of the eighth century (the 700s AD) there arose a feeling among some people of Byzantine Empire that religious statues and religious paintings that decorated churches were becoming the object of worship in and of themselves rather that the worship of God. Thus, the images, or icons, were interfering with the true goal of worship. Thus, an "iconoclast" movement arose which sought to "cleanse" the church by destroying all religions icons. The primary icon of all Byzantium was the golden Christ over the Chalke Gates. Iconoclasm was more popular among people of Anatolia and the Levant as rather than the European portion of the Byzantine Empire. Although, Leo III was Syrian, there is no evidence that he was given to tendencies toward iconoclasm. Leo's order for the removal of the golden Christ over the Chalke Gates and its replacement with a simple cross was motivated by the need to mollify the rising tide of popular objection to all religious icons. In 730 AD, Leo III issued an edict which made iconoclasm official policy throughout the Empire. Thus, the destruction of the golden Christ over the Chalke Gates in 726 AD marks the beginning of the period of time in Byzantine history that is known as the "first iconoclast period." Iconoclasm would remain a strong trend throughout the reigns of Leo III's successors particularly, his son Constantine V. Indeed, Constantine V's iconoclastic policies caused a revolt led by the iconodule Artabasdus in 742 AD. Artabasdus (742 AD) actually overthrew Constantine V and ruled as Emperor for a few months before Constantine V was restored to power.
Leo III's son, Constantine V (741-775 AD), won noteworthy victories in northern Syria, and also thoroughly undermined Bulgar strength during his reign. Like his father, Constantine V, Leo IV (775-780 AD) was an iconoclast. However, Leo IV was dominated by this wife Irene who tended toward iconodulism and supported religious statues and images. Upon the death of Leo IV in 780 AD, his 10-year old son, Constantine VI (780-797 AD) succeeded to the Byzantine throne under the regency of his mother Irene. However, before Constantine VI could come of age and rule in his own right, his mother usurped the throne for herself. Irene (797-802 AD) reinstated a policy of iconodulism and in 787 AD at the Council of Nicaea, iconodulism was made official church policy, thus revoking Leo III's official policy of 730 AD. Accordingly, the period of time called the "first iconoclasm" dating from 726 AD through 787, came to an end. An intervening period of iconodulism was initiated which would last through the reigns of Irene and her successors, Nicephorus I (802-811 AD); Stauracius (811 AD) and Michael I Rhagabe (811-813 AD).
In the beginning of the 9th century the Arabs captured Crete, and successfully attacked Sicily, but on 3 September 863, general Petronas attained a huge victory against the emir of Melitene. Under the leadership of Krum the Bulgar threat also reemerged, but in 814 Krum's son, Omortag, arranged a peace with the Byzantine Empire.* </ref>
As noted above, the 8th and 9th centuries were also dominated by controversy and religious division over Iconoclasm. Also as noted above, Icons were banned by Leo and Constantine, leading to revolts by iconodules (supporters of icons) throughout the empire. After the efforts of Empress Irene, the Second Council of Nicaea met in 787, and affirmed that icons could be venerated but not worshiped.
Irene made determined efforts to stamp out iconoclasm everywhere in the Empire including within the ranks of the army. During Irene's reign the Arabs were continuing to raid into and despoil the small farms of the Anatolian section of the Empire. These small farmers of Anatolia owed a military obligation to the Byzantine throne. Indeed, the Byzantine army and the defense of the Empire was largely based on this obligation and the Anatolian farmers. The iconodule policy drove these farmers out of the army and thus off their farms. Thus, the army was weakened and was unable to protect Anatolia from the Arab raids. Many of the remaining farmers of Anatolia were driven from the farm to settle in the city of Byzantium, thus, further reducing the army's ability to raise soldiers. Additionally, the abandoned farms fell from the tax rolls and reduced the amount of income that government received. These farms were taken over by the largest land owner in the Byzantine Empire—the monasteries. To make the situation even worse, Irene had exempted all monasteries from all taxation.
Given the financial ruin into which the Empire was headed, it was no wonder, then, that Irene was, eventually, deposed by her own Logothere of the Treasury. The leader of this successful revolt against Irene replaced her on the Byzantine throne under the name Nicephorus I.
Nicephorus I (802-811 AD) was of Arab extraction. Although he moved immediately to set the Byzantine economy on a better financial footing by countermanding Irene's tax exemptions and to strengthen the army, by drafting the destitute small land holders, Nicephorus I, nonetheless, continued Irene's iconodule policy. Nicephorus I was killed in 811 AD, while battling the Bulgars under their King Krum. Also Nicephorous' son and successor to the throne, Stauracius (811 AD), was severely wounded in the same battle. Stauracius died just six months after the battle. Nicephorus I's daughter, Procopia, was married to Michael Rhangabe, who now became Emperor as Michael I.
Irene is said to have endeavored to negotiate a marriage between herself and Charlemagne, but, according to Theophanes the Confessor, the scheme was frustrated by Aetios, one of her favourites. During the reign of Michael I (811-813 AD) foreign policy initiatives involving Charlemagne, once again, took front stage. Since being crowned by Pope Leo III as Emperor on Christmas Day, 800 AD in Rome, Charlemagne had been laying claims to the Eastern Empire. Nicephorus I had refused to recognise Charlemagne's position and had merely ignored these claims by Charlemagne. This inflexible policy by Nicephorus I had resulted in a naval war with Franks which indirectly led to the official separation of the city of Venice from the Byzantine Empire. (In fact, Venice had been acting under a "de facto" independence since 727 AD. This de facto independence was recognised by the Pax Nicephori of 802 AD. Nonetheless, despite this defacto independence, Venice had officially remained a part of the Byzantine Empire until 811 AD.)
The threat posed by the Bulgars under their King Krum which had become very evident in the crisis of 811 AD forced Michael I to reverse the policy of non-recognition of Charlemagne. As noted above, Nicephorus I had died in battle in 811 AD and his son, Stauracious, had been severely wounded in the same battle and died a short time later in 811 AD. The Bulgar threat required Michael I to reverse Nicephorus' policy and recognise Charlemagne and open peace negotiations with him in order to avoid war with both the Franks under Charlemagne and with the Bulgars at the same time. This reversal of policy and the agreement reached with Charlemagne had long range implications. Under the terms of the treaty between Charlemagne and the Byzantine Empire, Charlemagne received recognition of his imperial title to the lands he held in the west and, in exchange, Charlemagne dropped all his claims to the throne or any part of the Byzantine Empire. This treaty of 811 AD was a watershed. Until this date, despite the centuries of separation, there had always remained the forlorn hope that the two parts of the old Roman Empire might eventually be reconciled. From 811 AD on this hope was finally given up. There was, no longer any hope or idea of merging the two parts of the old Roman Empire.
Michael I had been forced into this treaty with Charlemagne because of the Bulgar threat. His failure to achieve success against the Bulgar would cause a revolt against him which would end his reign in 813 AD. The military would rise up against Michael I. The leader of this revolt was the Armenian commander of the army who would take the throne under the name of Leo V.
Amorian (Phrygian) dynasty.
In 813 Leo V the Armenian (813-820 AD) restored the policy of iconoclasm. This started the period of history called the "Second Iconclasm" which would last from 813 until 842 AD. Only in 843, would Empress Theodora restore the veneration of the icons with the help of Patriarch Methodios. Iconoclasm played its part in the further alienation of East from West, which worsened during the so-called Photian Schism, when Pope Nicholas I challenged Photios' elevation to the patriarchate.
However, iconoclasm may have been influential in the rise of feudalism in the Byzantine Empire. Feudalism is characterized and, indeed, defined as the decline of a central governmental power as power is handed over to private, local, large landholders. In any given locality these private individuals become the new governmental power over the common people working and living in the area. The private land holders owe only a duty of military service to the central government when they are called upon by the central authority. This duty is called patronage and in exchange for the patronage the land holders are granted immunity in their rule over the locality. Ever since the reign of Emperor Severus Alexander (222-235 AD), lands on the frontiers of the Roman Empire which had been taken from enemies, were granted to Roman soldiers and their heirs on the condition that the duty for military service to the Emperor would also be heritary and on the condition that the lands would never be sold, but would remain in the family. This was the true beginning of feudalism in the Byzantine Empire. With the advent of iconolasm, many monasteries despoiled and church lands were seized by the Emperor. These lands were handed over to private individuals. Patronage for these individuals was once again the duty of military service to the Emperor. As noted above, some of these lands were restored to the monasteries under Empress Irene. However, feudalism had really been allowed to take root by the private control of these monastery lands.
Macedonian dynasty and resurgence.
The Byzantine Empire reached its height under the Macedonian emperors (of Armenian and Greek descent) of the late 9th, 10th, and early 11th centuries, when it gained control over the Adriatic Sea, southern Italy, and all of the territory of tsar Samuel of Bulgaria. The cities of the empire expanded, and affluence spread across the provinces because of the new-found security. The population rose, and production increased, stimulating new demand while also helping to encourage trade. Culturally, there was considerable growth in education and learning. Ancient texts were preserved and patiently re-copied. Byzantine art flourished, and brilliant mosaics graced the interiors of the many new churches. Though the empire was significantly smaller than during the reign of Justinian, it was also stronger, as the remaining territories were less geographically dispersed and more politically and culturally integrated.
Internal developments.
Although traditionally attributed to Basil I (867–886 AD), initiator of the Macedonian dynasty, the "Macedonian Renaissance" has been more recently ascribed to the reforms of his predecessor, Michael III (842–867 AD) and his wife's counsellor, the erudite Theoktistos. The latter in particular favoured culture at the court, and, with a careful financial policy, steadily increased the gold reserves of the Empire. The rise of the Macedonian dynasty coincided with internal developments which strengthened the religious unity of the empire. The iconoclast movement was experiencing a steep decline: this favoured its soft suppression by the emperors and the reconciliation of the religious strife that had drained the imperial resources in the previous centuries. Despite occasional tactical defeats, the administrative, legislative, cultural and economic situation continued to improve under Basil's successors, especially with Romanos I Lekapenos (920–944 AD). The theme system reached its definitive form in this period. Once the government was safely back in iconodule hands and the monastery lands and privileges were restored again, the church establishment, once again, became a strong loyal supporter of the imperial cause. Most of the Macedonian emperors (867-1056 AD) were opposed to the interests of the aristocracy. They created much legislation to protect and favour of small agricultural landholders as opposed to the aristocracy. Prior to the Macedonian emperors, the large landholders had made up a controlling force in the society and owned most of the farm land. Since owners of the land owed military obligations to the Byzantine throne, large numbers of small landholders created larger armies than did small numbers of large land holders. Thus support for the small landholders created a stronger military force for the Empire. These favourable policies of the Macedonian emperors contributed to the increasing ability of the emperors to wage war against the Arabs.
Wars against the Muslims.
By 867 AD, the empire had re-stabilised its position in both the east and the west, and the efficiency of its defensive military structure enabled its emperors to begin planning wars of reconquest in the east.
The process of reconquest began with variable fortunes. The temporary reconquest of Crete (843 AD) was followed by a crushing Byzantine defeat on the Bosporus, while the emperors were unable to prevent the ongoing Muslim conquest of Sicily (827–902 AD). Using present day Tunisia as their launching pad, the Muslims conquered Palermo in 831 AD, Messina in 842 AD, Enna in 859 AD, Syracuse in 878 AD, Catania in 900 AD and the final Byzantine stronghold, the fortress of Taormina, in 902 AD.
These drawbacks were later counterbalanced by a victorious expedition against Damietta in Egypt (856), the defeat of the Emir of Melitene (863), the confirmation of the imperial authority over Dalmatia (867), and Basil I's offensives towards the Euphrates (870s). Unlike the deteriorating situation in Sicily, Basil I handled the situation in southern Italy well enough and the province would remain in Byzantine hands for the next 200 years.
On July 29, 904 AD, disaster struck the empire when its second city, Thessaloniki, was sacked by an Arab fleet led by the Byzantine renegade Leo of Tripoli. The Byzantine military responded by destroying an Arab fleet in 908, and sacking the city of Laodicea in Syria two years later. Despite this revenge, the Byzantines were still unable to strike a decisive blow against the Muslims, who inflicted a crushing defeat on the imperial forces when they attempted to regain Crete in 911.
The situation on the border with the Arab territories remained fluid, with the Byzantines alternatively on the offensive or defensive. The Varangians (later known as the Russians), who attacked Constantinople for the first time in 860, constituted another new challenge. In 941 the Russians appeared on the Asian shore of the Bosporus, but this time they were crushed, showing the improvements in the Byzantine military position after 907, when only diplomacy had been able to push back the invaders. The vanquisher of the Varangians/Russians was the famous general John Kourkouas, who continued the offensive with other noteworthy victories in Mesopotamia (943). These Byzantine victories culminated in the reconquest of Edessa (944), which was especially celebrated for the return to Constantinople of the venerated "Mandylion".
The soldier-emperors Nikephoros II Phokas (reigned 963–969 AD) and John I Tzimiskes (969–976 AD) expanded the empire well into Syria, defeating the emirs of north-west Iraq and reconquering Crete and Cyprus. At one point under John, the empire's armies even threatened Jerusalem, far to the south. The emirate of Aleppo and its neighbours became vassals of the empire in the east, where the greatest threat to the empire was Caliph Hakim of the Fatimid caliphate. After much campaigning, the last Arab threat to Byzantium was defeated when Basil II rapidly drew 40,000 mounted soldiers to relieve Roman Syria. With a surplus of resources and victories thanks to the Bulgar and Syrian campaigns, Basil II planned an expedition against Sicily to re-take it from the Arabs there. After his death in 1025, the expedition set off in the 1040s and was met with initial, but stunted success.
Wars against the Bulgarians.
The traditional struggle with the See of Rome continued, spurred by the question of religious supremacy over the newly Christianized Bulgaria. This prompted an invasion by the powerful Tsar Simeon I in 894 AD, but this was pushed back by the Byzantine diplomacy, which called on the help of the Hungarians. The Byzantines were in turn defeated, however, at the Battle of Bulgarophygon (896 AD), and obliged to pay annual subsides to the Bulgarians. Later (912) Simeon even had the Byzantines grant him the crown of "basileus" of Bulgaria and had the young emperor Constantine VII marry one of his daughters. When a revolt in Constantinople halted his dynastic project, he again invaded Thrace and conquered Adrianople.
A great imperial expedition under Leo Phokas the Elder and Romanos Lekapenos ended again with a crushing Byzantine defeat at the Battle of Acheloos (917), and the following year the Bulgarians were free to ravage northern Greece as far as Corinth. Adrianople was captured again in 923 and in 924 a Bulgarian army laid siege to Constantinople. The situation in the Balkans improved only after Simeon's death in 927. In 968, Bulgaria was overrun by the Rus' under Sviatoslav I of Kiev, but three years later, the emperor John I Tzimiskes defeated the Rus' and re-incorporated eastern Bulgaria into the Empire.
Bulgarian resistance revived under the leadership of the Cometopuli dynasty, but the new emperor Basil II (reigned 976–1025 AD) made the submission of the Bulgarians his primary goal. Basil's first expedition against Bulgaria however resulted in a humiliating defeat at the Gates of Trajan. For the next few years, the emperor would be preoccupied with internal revolts in Anatolia, while the Bulgarians expanded their realm in the Balkans. The war was to drag on for nearly twenty years. The Byzantine victories of Spercheios and Skopje decisively weakened the Bulgarian army, and in annual campaigns, Basil methodically reduced the Bulgarian strongholds. Eventually, at the Battle of Kleidion in 1014 the Bulgarians were completely defeated. The Bulgarian army was captured, and it is said that 99 out of every 100 men were blinded, with the remaining hundredth man left with one eye so as to lead his compatriots home. When Tsar Samuil saw the broken remains of his once gallant army, he died of shock. By 1018, the last Bulgarian strongholds had surrendered, and the country became part of the empire. This epic victory restored the Danube frontier, which had not been held since the days of the emperor Heraclius.
Relations with Kiev Rus.
Between 850 and 1100 the Empire developed a mixed relationship with the new state of Kiev Rus that emerged to the north across the Black Sea.
The Byzantine Empire quickly became a main trading and cultural partner for Kiev. After Christianizing Rus Vladimir the Great employed many architects and artists to work on numerous cathedrals and churches around Rus, expanding the Byzantine influence even further.
Kiev Princes were often married into the Byzantine imperial family and Constantinople often employed Princes' armies, most notably Vladimir the Great presented Byzantine with the famous Varangian Guard - an army of vicious Scandinavian mercenaries. Some believe that it was done in exchange for the marriage to Basil's sister, "porphyrogenita" Anna to Vladimir the Great. However, as Primary Chronicle states the marriage was in exchange for the Rus conversion to Orthodoxy, the Varangian Guard (although a signifficant one) was a by-product of this exchange.
These relationships were not always friendly. During those three hundred years Constantinople and other Byzantine cities were attacked several times by the armies of Kiev Rus (see Rus'-Byzantine Wars). Kiev never went far enough to actually endanger the Empire, those wars were only a tool to force the Byzantine to sign increasingly favorable trade treaties, the texts of which are recorded in the Primary Chronicle, Rus'-Byzantine Treaty (907), and other historical documents. Constantinople at the same time constantly played Kiev Rus, Bulgaria, and Poland against each other.
The Byzantine influence on Kiev Rus cannot be underestimated. Byzantine-style writing became a standard for the Cyrillic alphabet, Byzantine architecture was dominating in Kiev, and as a main trading partner Byzantine played a critical role in the establishment, rise and fall of Kiev Rus.
The climax.
The Roman Empire then stretched from Armenia in the east, to Calabria in Southern Italy in the west. Many successes had been achieved, ranging from the conquest of Bulgaria, to the annexation of parts of Georgia and Armenia, to the total annihilation of an invading force of Egyptians outside Antioch. Yet even these victories were not enough; Basil considered the continued Arab occupation of Sicily to be an outrage. Accordingly, he planned to reconquer the island, which had belonged to the empire for over 300 years (c536 – c. 900). However, his death in 1025 put an end to the project.
The 11th century was also momentous for its religious events. In 1054, relations between Greek-speaking Eastern and Latin-speaking Western traditions within the Christian Church reached a terminal crisis. Although there was a formal declaration of institutional separation, on 16 July, when three papal legates entered the Hagia Sophia during Divine Liturgy on a Saturday afternoon and placed a bull of excommunication on the altar, the so-called Great Schism was actually the culmination of centuries of gradual separation. Although the schism was brought about by doctrinal disputes (in particular, Eastern refusal to accept the Western Church doctrine of the "filioque", or double procession of the Holy Spirit), disputes over administration and political issues had simmered for centuries. The formal separation of the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Western Catholic Church would have wide ranging consequences for the future of Byzantium.
Crisis and fragmentation.
Byzantium soon fell into a period of difficulties, caused to a large extent by the undermining of the theme system and the neglect of the military. Nikephoros II, John Tzimiskes and Basil II changed the military divisions (, "tagmata") from a rapid response, primarily defensive, citizen army into a professional, campaigning army increasingly manned by mercenaries. Mercenaries, however, were expensive and as the threat of invasion receded in the 10th century, so did the need for maintaining large garrisons and expensive fortifications. Basil II left a burgeoning treasury upon his death, but neglected to plan for his succession. None of his immediate successors had any particular military or political talent and the administration of the Empire increasingly fell into the hands of the civil service. Efforts to revive the Byzantine economy only resulted in inflation and a debased gold coinage. The army was now seen as both an unnecessary expense and a political threat. Therefore, native troops were cashiered and replaced by foreign mercenaries on specific contract.
At the same time, the Empire was faced with new, ambitious enemies. Byzantine provinces in southern Italy faced the Normans, who arrived in Italy at the beginning of the 11th century. The allied forces of Melus of Bari and the Normans were defeated at the Battle of Cannae in 1018, and two decades later Michael IV the Paphlagonian equipped an expedition for the reconquest of Sicily from the Arabs. Although the campaign was initially successful, the reconquest of Sicily was not accomplished, mainly because George Maniaces, the commander of the Byzantine forces, was recalled when he was suspected of having ambitious schemes. During a period of strife between Constantinople and Rome which ended in the East-West Schism of 1054, the Normans began to advance, slowly but steadily, into Byzantine Italy.
It was in Asia Minor, however, that the greatest disaster would take place. The Seljuq Turks made their first explorations across the Byzantine frontier into Armenia in 1065 and in 1067. The emergency lent weight to the military aristocracy in Anatolia who, in 1068, secured the election of one of their own, Romanos Diogenes, as emperor. In the summer of 1071, Romanos undertook a massive eastern campaign to draw the Seljuks into a general engagement with the Byzantine army. At Manzikert Romanos not only suffered a surprise defeat at the hands of Sultan Alp Arslan, but was also captured. Alp Arslan treated him with respect, and imposed no harsh terms on the Byzantines. In Constantinople, however, a coup took place in favor of Michael Doukas, who soon faced the opposition of Nikephoros Bryennios and Nikephoros Botaneiates. By 1081 the Seljuks expanded their rule over virtually the entire Anatolian plateau from Armenia in the east to Bithynia in the west and founded their capital in Nicea.* Markham, The Battle of Manzikert</ref>
In the meantime the Byzantine presence in southern Italy had been wiped out by the Normans. Reggio, the capital of the tagma of Calabria, was captured by Robert Guiscard in 1060. At the time the Byzantines controlled only a few of coastal cities in Apulia. Otranto fell in 1068, the same year in which the siege of Bari (the capital of the catepanate of Italy) begun. After the Byzantines had been defeated in a series of battles, and any attempt to relief the city had failed, Bari was surrendered in April 1071. This event ended the Byzantine presence in southern Italy.
Komnenian dynasty and the crusaders.
Alexios I and the First Crusade.
After Manzikert, a partial recovery (referred to as the Komnenian restoration) was made possible by the efforts of the Komnenian dynasty. The first emperor of this royal line was Isaac I (1057–1059) and the second Alexios I. At the very outset of his reign, Alexios faced a formidable attack by the Normans under Robert Guiscard and his son Bohemund of Taranto, who captured Dyrrhachium and Corfu, and laid siege to Larissa in Thessaly. Robert Guiscard's death in 1085 temporarily eased the Norman problem. The following year the Seljuq sultan died, and the sultanate was split by internal rivalries. By his own efforts, Alexios defeated the Pechenegs; they were caught by surprise and annihilated at the Battle of Levounion on 28 April 1091.
Having achieved stability in the West, Alexios could turn his attention to the severe economic difficulties and the disintegration of the empire's traditional defences. However, he still did not have enough manpower to recover the lost territories in Asia Minor, and to advance against the Seljuks. At the Council of Piacenza in 1095, Alexios' envoys spoke to Pope Urban II about the suffering of the Christians of the East, and underscored that without help from the West they would continue to suffer under Muslim rule. Urban saw Alexius' request as a dual opportunity to cement Western Europe and enhance papal power.* Read (2003), 124* Watson (1993), 12</ref> On 27 November 1095, Pope Urban II called together the Council of Clermont, and urged all those present to take up arms under the sign of the Cross and launch an armed pilgrimage to recover Jerusalem and the East from the Muslims. The response in Western Europe was overwhelming.
Alexios had anticipated help in the form of mercenary forces from the West, but was totally unprepared for the immense and undisciplined force which soon arrived in Byzantine territory. It was no comfort to Alexius to learn that four of the eight leaders of the main body of the Crusade were Normans, among them Bohemund. Since the crusade had to pass through Constantinople, however, the Emperor had some control over it. He required its leaders to swear to restore to the empire any towns or territories they might conquer from the Turks on their way to the Holy Land. In return, he gave them guides and a military escort. Alexios was able to recover a number of important cities and islands, and in fact much of western Asia Minor. Nevertheless, the crusaders believed their oaths were invalidated when Alexios did not help them during the siege of Antioch (he had in fact set out on the road to Antioch, but had been persuaded to turn back by Stephen of Blois, who assured him that all was lost and that the expedition had already failed). Bohemund, who had set himself up as Prince of Antioch, briefly went to war with the Byzantines, but agreed to become Alexios' vassal under the Treaty of Devol in 1108, which marked the end of Norman threat during Alexios' reign.* Birkenmeier (2002), 46</ref>
Alexios reconstituted the army and navy, but only by means of stabilizing the gold coinage at one-third of its original value and by imposing supplementary taxes. The supply of native soldiers had virtually ceased with the disappearance or absorption of their military holdings. Alexios promoted an alternative source of native manpower by extending the system of granting estates in "pronoia" (by favour of the emperor) and tying the grant to a military obligation. Similarly, Alexios tried to promote more profitable development of the estates of the church by granting them to the management of laymen. The final years of Alexios's reign were marked by persecution of the followers of the Paulician and Bogomil heresies, and by anxieties as to the succession, which his wife Irene Doukaina wished to alter in favor of her daughter Anna's husband, Nikephoros Bryennios.* Runciman (1982), 72</ref>
John II, Manuel I and the Second Crusade.
Alexios' son John II Komnenos succeeded him in 1118, and was to rule until 1143. John was a pious and dedicated emperor who was determined to undo the damage his empire had suffered at the battle of Manzikert, half a century earlier. Famed for his piety and his remarkably mild and just reign, John was an exceptional example of a moral ruler, at a time when cruelty was the norm. For this reason, he has been called the Byzantine Marcus Aurelius. In the course of his twenty-five year reign, John made alliances with the Holy Roman Empire in the west, decisively defeated the Pechenegs at the Battle of Beroia, and personally led numerous campaigns against the Turks in Asia Minor. John's campaigns fundamentally changed the balance of power in the east, forcing the Turks onto the defensive and restoring to the Byzantines many towns, fortresses and cities right across the peninsula. He also thwarted Hungarian, and Serbian threats during the 1120s, and in 1130 allied himself with the German emperor Lothair III against the Norman King Roger II of Sicily. In the later part of his reign John focused his activities on the East. He defeated the Danishmend emirate of Melitene, and reconquered all of Cilicia, while forcing Raymond of Poitiers, Prince of Antioch, to recognize Byzantine suzerainty. In an effort to demonstrate the Byzantine emperor's role as the leader of the Christian world, John marched into the Holy Land at the head of the combined forces of Byzantium and the Crusader states; yet despite the great vigour with which he pressed the campaign, John's hopes were disappointed by the treachery of his Crusader allies. In 1142 John returned to press his claims to Antioch, but he died in the spring of 1143 following a hunting accident. Raymond was emboldened to invade Cilicia, but he was defeated and forced to go to Constantinople to beg mercy from the new emperor.
John's chosen heir was his fourth son, Manuel I Komnenos, who campaigned aggressively against his neighbours both in the west and in the east. In Palestine, he allied himself with the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem and sent a large fleet to participate in a combined invasion of Fatimid Egypt. Manuel reinforced his position as overlord of the Crusader states, with his hegemony over Antioch and Jerusalem secured by agreement with Raynald, Prince of Antioch, and Amalric, King of Jerusalem respectively.* Stone, Manuel I Comnenus</ref> In an effort to restore Byzantine control over the ports of southern Italy, he sent an expedition to Italy in 1155, but disputes within the coalition led to the eventual failure of the campaign. Despite this military setback, Manuel's armies successfully invaded the Kingdom of Hungary in 1167, defeating the Hungarians at the Battle of Sirmium. By 1168 nearly the whole of the eastern Adriatic coast lay in Manuel's hands. Manuel made several alliances with the Pope and Western Christian kingdoms, and successfully handled the passage of the Second Crusade through his empire. Although hopes for a lasting Papal-Byzantine alliance came up against insuperable problems, Pope Innocent III clearly had a positive view of Manuel when he told Alexios III that he should imitate "your predecessor Manuel of famous memory" who "always replied favourably to ourselves and our predecessors".
In the east, however, Manuel suffered a major defeat at the Battle of Myriokephalon, in 1176, against the Turks. Yet the losses were quickly made good, and in the following year Manuel's forces inflicted a defeat upon a force of "picked Turks". The Byzantine commander John Vatatzes, who destroyed the Turkish invaders at the Battle of Hyelion and Leimocheir, not only brought troops from the capital but also was able to gather an army along the way; a sign that the Byzantine army remained strong and that the defensive program of western Asia Minor was still successful.
12th century Renaissance.
John and Manuel pursued active military policies, and both deployed considerable resources on sieges and on city defenses; aggressive fortification policies were at the heart of their imperial military policies. Despite the defeat at Myriokephalon, the policies of Alexios, John and Manuel resulted in vast territorial gains, increased frontier stability in Asia Minor, and secured the stabilization of the empire's European frontiers. From c.1081 to c.1180, the Komnenian army assured the empire's security, enabling Byzantine civilization to flourish.
This allowed the Western provinces to achieve an economic revival which continued until the close of the century. It has been argued that Byzantium under the Komnenian rule was more prosperous than at any time since the Persian invasions of the 7th century. During the 12th century population levels rose and extensive tracts of new agricultural land were brought into production. Archaeological evidence from both Europe and Asia Minor shows a considerable increase in the size of urban settlements, together with a notable upsurge in new towns. Trade was also flourishing; the Venetians, the Genoese and others opened up the ports of the Aegean to commerce, shipping goods from the Crusader kingdoms of Outremer and Fatimid Egypt to the west and trading with the Byzantine Empire via Constantinople.* Harvey (1998)</ref>
In artistic terms, there was a revival in mosaic, and regional schools of architecture began producing many distinctive styles that drew on a range of cultural influences. During the 12th century the Byzantines provided their model of early humanism as a renaissance of interest in classical authors. In Eustathius of Thessalonica Byzantine humanism found its most characteristic expression.
Decline and disintegration.
Dynasty of the Angeloi and Third Crusade.
Manuel's death on 24 September 1180 left his 11-year-old son Alexios II Komnenos on the throne. Alexios was highly incompetent at the office, but it was his mother, Maria of Antioch, and her Frankish background that made his regency unpopular. Eventually Andronikos I Komnenos, a grandson of Alexios I, launched a revolt against his younger relative and managed to overthrow him in a violent "coup d'état". Utilizing his good looks and his immense popularity with the army, he marched on to Constantinople in August 1182, and incited a massacre of the Latins. After eliminating his potential rivals, he had himself crowned as co-emperor in September 1183; he eliminated Alexios II and even took his 12-year-old wife Agnes of France for himself.
This troubled succession weakened the dynastic continuity and solidarity on which the strength of the Byzantine state had come to rely. The new emperor was a man of astounding contrasts. Handsome and eloquent, Andronikos was at the same time known for his licentious exploits. Energetic, able and determined, he had been called a "true Komnenos". However, he was also capable of terrifying brutality, violence and cruelty.
Andronikos began his reign well; in particular, the measures he took to reform the government of the empire have been praised by historians. According to George Ostrogorsky, Andronikos was determined to root out corruption: Under his rule the sale of offices ceased; selection was based on merit, rather than favoritism; officials were paid an adequate salary so as to reduce the temptation of bribery. In the provinces Andronikos' reforms produced a speedy and marked improvement. The people felt the severity of his laws, but acknowledged their justice, and found themselves protected from the rapacity of their superiors. Andronikos' efforts to rein in the oppressive tax collectors and officials of the empire did much to alleviate the lot of the peasantry, but his attempt to check the power of the nobility was considerably more problematic. The aristocrats were infuriated against him, and to make matters worse, Andronikos seems to have become increasingly unbalanced; executions and violence became increasingly common, and his reign turned into a reign of terror. Andronikos seemed almost to seek the extermination of the aristocracy as a whole. The struggle against the aristocracy turned into wholesale slaughter, while the emperor resorted to ever more ruthless measures to shore up his regime.
Despite his military background, Andronikos failed to deal with Isaac Komnenos, Béla III who reincorporated Croatian territories into Hungary, and Stephen Nemanja of Serbia who declared his independence from Byzantium. Yet none of these troubles would compare to William II of Sicily's invasion force of 300 ships and 80,000 men, arriving in 1185. Andronikos mobilized a small fleet of 100 ships to defend the capital but other than that he was indifferent to the populace. He was finally overthrown when Isaac Angelos, surviving an imperial assassination attempt, seized power with the aid of the people and had Andronikos killed.
The reign of Isaac II, and, still more, that of his brother Alexios III, saw the collapse of what remained of the centralized machinery of Byzantine government and defense. Although, the Normans were driven out of Greece, in 1186 the Vlachs and Bulgars began a rebellion that was to lead to the formation of the Second Bulgarian Empire. The mismanagement of the Third Crusade clearly demonstrated Byzantium's weaknesses under the Angeli. When Richard I of England appropriated Cyprus from its ruler, Isaac Komnenos, he refused to hand it back to the Empire, And when Frederick Barbarossa conquered Iconium, Isaac failed to seize the initiative.* Norwich (1998), 297</ref> The internal policy of the Angeloi was characterized by the squandering of the public treasure, and the fiscal maladministration. Byzantine authority was severely weakened, and the growing power vacuum at the center of the empire encouraged fragmentation. There is evidence that some Komnenian heirs had set up a semi-independent state in Trebizond before 1204.* Paparrigopoulos (1925), Db, 216</ref> According to Alexander Vasiliev, "the dynasty of the Angeloi, Greek in its origin, [...] accelerated the ruin of the Empire, already weakened without and disunited within."
Fourth Crusade.
In 1198, Pope Innocent III broached the subject of a new crusade through legates and encyclical letters. The stated intent of the crusade was to conquer Egypt, now the centre of Muslim power in the Levant. The crusader army that arrived at Venice in the summer of 1202 was somewhat smaller than had been anticipated, and there were not sufficient funds to pay the Venetians, whose fleet was hired by the crusaders to take them to Egypt. Venetian policy under the aging and blind but still ambitious Doge Enrico Dandolo was potentially at variance with that of the Pope and the crusaders, because Venice was closely related commercially with Egypt. The crusaders accepted the suggestion that in lieu of payment they assist the Venetians in the capture of the (Christian) port of Zara in Dalmatia (vassal city of Venice, which had rebelled and placed itself under Hungary's protection in 1186). The city fell in November 1202 after a brief siege. Innocent, who was informed of the plan (his veto being disregarded), was reluctant to jeopardize the Crusade, and gave conditional absolution to the crusaders—not, however, to the Venetians.
After the death of Theobald III, Count of Champagne, the leadership of the Crusade passed to Boniface of Montferrat, a friend of the Hohenstaufen Philip of Swabia. Both Boniface and Philip had married into the Byzantine imperial family. In fact, Philip's brother-in-law, Alexios Angelos, son of the deposed and blinded emperor Isaac II Angelos, had appeared in Europe seeking aid and had made contacts with the crusaders. Alexios offered to reunite the Byzantine church with Rome, pay the crusaders 200,000 silver marks, and join the crusade with 200,000 silver marks and all the supplies they needed to get to Egypt. Innocent was aware of a plan to divert the Crusade to Constantinople, and forbade any attack on the city, but the papal letter arrived after the fleets had left Zara.
Alexios III made no preparations for the defense of the city; thus, when the Venetian fleet entered the waters of Constantinople on 24 June 1203, they encountered little resistance. In the summer of 1203 Alexios III fled, and Alexios Angelos was elevated to the throne as Alexios IV along with his blind father Isaac. Innocent reprimanded the leaders of the crusaders, and ordered them to proceed forthwith to the Holy Land.* </ref>
When in late November 1203 Alexios IV announced that his promises were hard to keep as the empire was short on funds (he had managed to pay roughly half of the promised amount of 200,000 silver marks, and could not fulfil his promise that he would cover the Venetians' rent of the fleet for the crusaders.), the crusaders declared war on him. Meanwhile, internal opposition to Alexios IV grew, and, on 25 January 1204, one of his courtiers, Alexios Doukas killed him, and took the throne himself as Alexios V; Isaac died soon afterwards, probably naturally. The crusaders and Venetians, incensed at the murder of their supposed patron, prepared to assault the Byzantine capital. They decided that 12 electors (six Venetians and six crusaders) should choose a Latin emperor of Romania.
Eventually, the crusaders took the city on 13 April 1204. Constantinople was subjected by the rank and file to pillage and massacre for three days. Many priceless icons, relics, and other objects later turned up in Western Europe, a large number in Venice. According to Choniates, a prostitute was even set up on the Patriarchal throne. When Innocent III heard of the conduct of his crusaders, he castigated them in no uncertain terms. But the situation was beyond his control, especially after his legate, on his own initiative, had absolved the crusaders from their vow to proceed to the Holy Land.* </ref> When order had been restored, the crusaders and the Venetians proceeded to implement their agreement; Baldwin of Flanders was elected emperor and the Venetian Thomas Morosini chosen patriarch. The lands parcelled out among the leaders did not include all the former Byzantine possessions. The Byzantine rule continued in Nicaea, Trebizond, and Epirus.
Fall.
Empire in exile.
After the sack of Constantinople in 1204 by Latin Crusaders, two Byzantine successor states were established: the Empire of Nicaea, and the Despotate of Epirus. A third one, the Empire of Trebizond was created a few weeks before the sack of Constantinople by Alexios I of Trebizond. Of these three successor states, Epirus and Nicaea stood the best chance of reclaiming Constantinople. The Nicaean Empire struggled, however, to survive the next few decades, and by the mid 13th century it lost much of southern Anatolia.* Madden (2005), 162* Lowe-Baker, The Seljuks of Rum</ref> The weakening of the Sultanate of Rum following the Mongol Invasion in 1242-43 allowed many Beyliks and fanatical "ghazis" to set up their own principalities in Anatolia, weakening the Byzantine hold on Asia Minor. In time, one of the Beys, Osman I, created an empire that would conquer Byzantium. However, the Mongol Invasion also gave Nicaea a temporary respite from Seljuk attacks allowing it to concentrate on the Latin Empire only north of its position.
Reconquest of Constantinople.
The Empire of Nicaea, founded by the Laskarid dynasty, managed to reclaim Constantinople from the Latins in 1261 and defeat Epirus. This led to a short-lived revival of Byzantine fortunes under Michael VIII Palaiologos, but the war-ravaged empire was ill-equipped to deal with the enemies that now surrounded it. In order to maintain his campaigns against the Latins, Michael pulled troops from Asia Minor, and levied crippling taxes on the peasantry, causing much resentment.* Reinert (2002), 260</ref> Massive construction projects were completed in Constantinople to repair the damages of the Fourth Crusade, but none of these initiatives was of any comfort to the farmers in Asia Minor, suffering raids from fanatical ghazis.
Rather than holding on to his possessions in Asia Minor, Michael chose to expand the Empire, gaining only short-term success. To avoid another sacking of the capital by the Latins, he forced the Church to submit to Rome, again a temporary solution for which the peasantry hated Michael and Constantinople. The efforts of Andronikos II and later his grandson Andronikos III marked Byzantium's last genuine attempts in restoring the glory of the empire. However, the use of mercenaries by Andronikos II would often backfire, with the Catalan Company ravaging the countryside and increasing resentment towards Constantinople.
Late Civil Wars.
A series of societal infighting also weakened the Byzantine Empire's military power. There were two major civil wars during the late Byzantine Empire one began in 1321 another in 1341. These Civil wars also severely diminished the Byzantines' military capabilities. The civil war of 1321–1328 was led by a grandson of the Byzantine Emperor Andronikos II who was supported by Byzantine Magnates who often clashed with the centralized Authority of Byzantine. The Byzantine civil war of 1321–1328 was inconclusive and ended with Andronikos III being made co-emperor with his grandfather. However this civil war allowed the Ottoman Turks to make notable gains in Anatolia and set up their capital in Bursa 100 kilometers from Constantinople, the Byzantine capital. However after the initial conflict Andronikos III dethroned his grandfather and became sole emperor.
Following the death of Andronikos III in 1341 another civil war broke out. This civil war lasted from 1341 to 1347. When Andronikos III died he left his six-year-old son under the regency of Anne of Savoy. The de facto leader of the Byzantine Empire, John Cantacuzenus who was not only a close associate of the deceased emperor but an extremely wealthy landowner wanted to become regent instead. However things did not go his way and he was declared emperor in Thrace. More or less this conflict was class warfare the wealthy and powerful supporting Cantacuzenus the poorer supporting the empress regent. In fact when Aristocrats in 1342 proposed that the city of Thessalonica be turned over to Cantacuzenus anti-aristocrats seized the city and governed it until 1350.
The Byzantine civil war of 1341–1347 saw the exploitation of the Byzantine Empire by the emerging Serbian Empire. The emperor of the new state amidst the chaos proclaimed himself ruler of the Serbs and Greeks. The Serbian king Stefan Uroš IV Dušan made significant territorial gains in Byzantine Macedonia in 1345 and conquered large swaths of Thessaly and Epirus in 1348, Although Dusan would die along with his dream of a Greco–Serbian empire in 1355, Byzantium would still face a powerful Turkish state across the Sea of Marmara. Luckily for Cantacuzenus, he conquered Constantinople in 1347 and ended the civil war afterwards.
In order to secure his authority Cantacuzenus hired Turkish mercenaries which he used in continuing skirmishes against his opponents, left over from his civil war. These mercenaries although they were of some use, in 1354 they seized Gallipoli from the Byzantines. Although in the same year the rogue mercenaries were defeated by western crusaders Turkish armies would eventually control many of the Byzantine Empire's once held territories. These two momentous civil wars severely diminished the Byzantine empires military strength and allowed its opportunistic enemies to make substantial gains into Byzantine territory. Although there was a third smaller conflict from 1373–1379 and a revolt in 1390 the Byzantine Empire was already surrounded by the massive Ottoman Empire.
Rise of the Ottomans and fall of Constantinople.
Things went worse for Byzantium, when, during the civil war, an earthquake at Gallipoli in 1354 devastated the fort, allowing the Turks the very next day to cross into Europe. By the time the Byzantine civil war had ended, the Ottomans had defeated the Serbians and subjugated them as vassals. Following the Battle of Kosovo, much of the Balkans became dominated by the Ottomans.
The Emperors appealed to the west for help, but the Pope would only consider sending aid in return for a reunion of the Eastern Orthodox Church with the See of Rome. Church unity was considered, and occasionally accomplished by imperial decree, but the Orthodox citizenry and clergy intensely resented Roman authority and the Latin Rite. Some western troops arrived to bolster the Christian defence of Constantinople, but most Western rulers, distracted by their own affairs, did nothing as the Ottomans picked apart the remaining Byzantine territories.
Constantinople by this stage was underpopulated and dilapidated. The population of the city had collapsed so severely that it was now little more than a cluster of villages separated by fields. On 2 April 1453, the Sultan's army of some 80,000 men and large numbers of irregulars laid siege to the city. Despite a desperate last-ditch defense of the city by the massively outnumbered Christian forces (c. 7,000 men, 2,000 of whom were foreign), Constantinople finally fell to the Ottomans after a two-month siege on 29 May 1453. The last Byzantine emperor, Constantine XI Palaiologos, was last seen casting off his imperial regalia and throwing himself into hand-to-hand combat after the walls of the city were taken.
Aftermath.
Mehmed II went on to conquer the Greek statelets of Mistra in 1460 and Trebizond in 1461. The nephew of the last Emperor, Constantine XI, Andreas Palaeologos had inherited the defunct title of Byzantine Emperor and used it from 1465 until his death in 1503. By the end of the 15th century, the Ottoman Empire had established its firm rule over Asia Minor and parts of the Balkan peninsula. Mehmed II and his successors continued to consider themselves proper heirs to the Byzantine Empire until the demise of the Ottoman Empire in the early 20th century. Meanwhile, the Danubian Principalities (whose rulers considered themselves the heirs of the east Roman emperors) harbored Orthodox refugees, including some Byzantine nobles.
At his death, the role of the emperor as a patron of Eastern Orthodoxy was claimed by Ivan III, Grand Duke of Muscovy. He had married Andreas' sister, Sophia Paleologue, whose grandson, Ivan IV, would become the first Tsar of Russia ("tsar", or "czar", meaning "caesar", is a term traditionally applied by Slavs to the Byzantine Emperors). Their successors supported the idea that Moscow was the proper heir to Rome and Constantinople. The idea of the Russian Empire as the new, Third Rome was kept alive until its demise with the Russian Revolution of 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20024291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024291" title="Carl Lange (actor)">
Carl Lange (actor)

Carl (or Karl) Lange (30 October 1909 – 23 June 1999) was a German film actor. He appeared in more than 70 films between 1954 and 1985.
He was born in Flensburg, Germany and died in Ostfildern, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024297" title="Bijania">
Bijania

Bijania is a sub-clan of Khati or Jangara (Vishvakarma) found mainly in Rajasthan, Haryana and Gujarat in India. The Bijania clan claims descent from the great Saint Angira (son of Vishvakarma).
History.
As Bijania is from Vishwakarma community, whereas Vishwakarma is from race of Rishi Angira therefore they belong to Rishi Wans.
Demographics.
The Bijania population is concentrated all over the Haryana, Rajasthan and Gujrat.

</doc>
<doc id="20024308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024308" title="Harry Bamford">
Harry Bamford

Henry Charles "Harry" Bamford (8 October 1920 – 31 October 1958) was a professional footballer, who played for Bristol Rovers for his entire professional career. He played as a right-back for the club for thirteen years from 1945 until his death in 1958, making 486 league appearances and scoring five goals in the process.
He joined Rovers following the conclusion of World War II, and had played for Bristolian non-league side St Philip's Marsh prior to this. Because of the war, his professional career began at the relatively late age of 25, but in spite of this he played in the second highest number of Bristol Rovers games of any players at the club, behind only Stuart Taylor.
In 1951 Bamford captained an England XI side that toured Auustralia.
As well as being a player, Bamford also coached at Clifton College, and while riding his motorcycle home from a coaching session at the college on 28 October 1958 he was involved in a collision with a car. He remained in hospital for three days before finally dying from his injuries on 31 October.
At the time of his death Bamford was still a regular in the Bristol Rovers side, and had played in the previous 59 consecutive games before his accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20024327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024327" title="Christiane Nielsen">
Christiane Nielsen

Christiane Nielsen (10 September 1936 – 8 April 2007) was a German film actress. She appeared in 24 films between 1957 and 1967.
She was born in Würzburg, Germany and died in Frankfurt, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024349" title="Wayne Thomas">
Wayne Thomas

Wayne Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024353" title="9×23mm Winchester">
9×23mm Winchester

The 9x23mm Winchester is a pistol cartridge developed as a joint venture by Winchester Ammunition and Colt's Manufacturing Company. The 9x23mm Winchester has a convoluted development history, but was commercially introduced by Winchester in 1996. Marketed primarily to competition shooters as a replacement for .38 Super for International Practical Shooting Confederation, United States Practical Shooting Association and International Defensive Pistol Association competition, the cartridge made a splash, but never really caught on.
The critical design feature of the 9x23mm Winchester is a much strengthened case that does away with the semi-rimmed case design of the .38 Super which sometimes caused feeding problems. The strengthened case allows the 9x23mm Winchester to operate under a higher internal pressure, 55,000 psi (measured with a piezoelectric transducer), in comparison to the maximum pressure of 36,500 psi for the .38 Super (current SAAMI standards). It has a slightly tapered but nearly parallel case which means that it has greater magazine capacity for the same 9mm bore diameter relative to the necked down cases of the .357 SIG, 9×25mm Super Auto G, or 9×25mm Dillon. To achieve enough propellant capacity for the power needed the 9x23mm Winchester is longer than the 9×19mm Parabellum or .357 SIG and so requires the extra magazine front to back length of a 1911 style magazine.
History.
Patent 5,187,324 was filed by John Ricco of CP Bullets in 1992 for an "improved 9mm cartridge casing" that he called the 9x23 Super. He had the prototype brass casings made by Winchester Ammunition. They then modified the design slightly and filed it under patent 5,507,232 in 1995. In comparison to the popular 9×19mm Parabellum, Winchester had lengthened the overall case by 4mm and made it much stronger. They named it the 9×23mm Winchester. In comparison to the long established .38 Super Auto, also a 9x23mm, the new cartridge was rimless rather than semi rimmed.
Announced to the public in early 1996 at an NRA convention, the 9×23mm Winchester cartridge was claimed to have the lowest recoiling load and still qualify for Major Power Factor designation in the IPSC. The IPSC Power Factor (PF) is equal to bullet weight in grains times muzzle velocity divided by 1,000. A PF of at least 175 was needed to qualify as Major within the Power Factor designation used within IPSC competitions. A Minor power factor carried scoring penalties and so there was an incentive to make the Major qualification. As the power factor calculation is proportional to bullet momentum and as the very large proportion of recoil is proportional to bullet momentum, it is immediately clear that the 9x23mm Winchester had essentially the same power factor and recoil as .45 ACP. The true benefit of the 9x23mm Winchester came from two things. Firstly, more rounds could be fitted into the magazine and that, in general, allowed fewer magazine changes to be made in the course of a contest task spread over multiple targets. Secondly, the higher operating pressure of the 9x23mm Winchester meant that a compensated pistol, where holes or slots in the barrel project high pressure gas upwards before the bullet leaves the barrel, had a greater ability to reduce the upward flip of the muzzle under recoil. That meant that users of the 9x23mm Winchester were able to return to target in less time than with a compensated .45 ACP pistol of otherwise identical design. Since speed was a major element in the scoring system within IPSC competitions there was an obvious advantage to the 9x23mm Winchester over the .45 ACP.
This double competition benefit of the 9x23mm Winchester was the motivation behind Ricco's design and Winchester's production of its almost identical twin. Because Ricco had used Winchester to produce his prototype cases and they had then used the design themselves, Ricco was able to sue Winchester and after some 7 years he won his case.
The 7 year delay to production caused by the court case effectively killed the cartridge because the IPSC had changed the power factor boundary from 175 to 165 before Winchester started production. The reason for this was that many pistols based on the 9x19mm Parabellum, the 9x21mm loaded with the bullet further forward and the .38 Super Auto (also 9x23mm!) were being used beyond their safe pressure limits for the same reasons that made the 9x23mm Winchester so good. Many were blowing up and so the IPSC reduced the power factor boundary to one that could be reached with those cartridges in safety. When the 9×23mm Winchester came to market with its much increased pressure ceiling, produced by thickening the web section of the cartridge case, it was no longer needed. Without the court case delay the power factor might not have been reduced and the 9x23mm Winchester would probably be the majority choice in IPSC Open division and a very successful niche cartridge rather than a minor niche cartridge. As it is perceived as a purely competition cartridge it has made almost no penetration into the self-defense world. This is an unfortunate perception because for the same recoil as a .45 ACP pistol it produces much more kinetic energy and it would be very effective for self-defense.
Effects.
The performance of the 9x23mm Winchester is higher than the .357 SIG because it runs at higher pressures. (These figures exceed the factory ballistics of a .357 SIG in a 4-inch test barrel. Even using a 5-inch barrel it would be difficult for a handloader with canister-grade powders to hit 1,450 feet per second with a 125-grain bullet in the .357 SIG, while definitely staying within SAAMI pressure limits.) As it very close to the overall length of the .45 ACP and 10mm Auto cartridges, it needs a large frame automatic such as the M1911. As the smaller frame, medium bore, pistols chambered for 9x19mm Parabellum, .40S&W and 357SIG are more convenient for personal carry, the 9x23mm Winchester has not gained the mainstream recognition of the .357 SIG though it has similar or better ballistics as well as higher magazine capacity. This is a marketing problem rather than an engineering one. If good pistols were produced for the cartridge they would probably gain slow acceptance for self-defense. Even for IPSC Open Division they should make inroads, even if slightly loaded down.
Reloading.
The maximum over all length of the cartridge can vary with the magazine length of the converted pistol. A Star Super B converted to 9x23mm may be loaded to 1.29 inches while a converted Tokarev may be loaded to 1.36 inches. Using this cartridge at full power in a handgun built around the standard .38 Super +P pressure limits and lower may result in a drastically increased level of wear on the firearm or even serious damage to it due to insufficient tensile strength and hardening of the frame, slide and various small parts. This is not a significant design problem as the recoil forces are directly comparable to those of the .45 ACP, and the lock up between barrel and slide is normally more than adequate to handle the increased pressure. The barrel must certainly be strong enough for the increased pressure but modern metallurgy makes that simple enough. Pistols produced by Colt for a short period were not strengthened in any obvious way relative to their .45 ACP equivalent. The same was true of the first 10mm 1911 pistols produced by Colt and they had to be strengthened, but with full pressure loads recoil was higher than with the .45 ACP.
Many would be doubtful about using the Tokarev, or even old .38 Super pistols, as the basis for a 9x23mm Winchester pistol. Pistols made for various earlier 9x23mm cartridges, such as the 9×23mm Steyr, the Bergman-Bayard or 9×23mm Largo should never be used with the 9x23mm Winchester cartridge. Equally, the cases for those obsolete cartridges should never be used to make 9x23mm Winchester cartridges though it is unlikely that anyone would wish to do so as their collector value is higher than the cost of new 9x23mm Winchester cases, when they can be obtained, made by Winchester or Starline (Starline's version of the 9x23 Winchester is called the 9x23 Comp). It is worth noting that the internal capacity of Winchester and Starline manufactured cases are not quite the same and so maximum loads developed in one should not be applied to the other without working up again. Also, the Starline 9x23 Comp has thinner walls than the original Winchester cases and will not withstand as much pressure in an unsupported chamber. 
Apart from that, the 9x23mm Winchester is a very long lasting cartridge case for reloading. The slight taper to the sides means that friction loads are greatly reduced after the first few millimeters of extraction after firing. The fact that it is not a bottle necked case means that the brass is worked less as it is swaged back to size in the reloading process than cases like the .357 SIG where the shoulder is moved slightly with each fire and reload cycle. The less the brass is worked in this way the slower it hardens and the longer it will be before it tends to split. Small rifle size primers are generally used as they must withstand high pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="20024365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024365" title="Valentina Golubenko">
Valentina Golubenko

Valentina Golubenko (; born July 29, 1990, Volgograd, Russia) is a chess Woman Grandmaster and Girls' World U-18 Champion of 2008. Golubenko is the first and only World youth chess champion from Estonia thus far. Although a resident of Estonia, Golubenko plays under the Croatian flag as she is not qualified to represent Estonia owing to her Russian citizenship.
Achievements.
Valentina Golubenko was born to a chess family. Her father, Valery Golubenko is a mathematician and chess player who won 1993-1995 championship of Estonia in rapid chess and a triple winner on board one in Estonian Team Championships. Valentina's mother, Anastasia Golubenko was a qualified chess coach with many years of experience, making the finals of the Moscow women’s championship in 1986. 
Valentina was coached by her parents and very soon showed amazing chess talent. She won the Estonian championship in different age categories – three times for girls under 10 (1998–2000), once for boys under 10 (1999), five for girls under 12 (1998–2002), four for girls under 14 (2001–2004); twice for girls under 16 (2003–2004); and once for girls under 18 (2004). She was the rapid chess champion six times (for girls in 2001-2005 and for boys in 2007); and command champion for boys (2003) and for girls (2003 and 2004). In six of those tournaments she obtained 100% score by winning all the games. She also obtained high results on a number of international tournaments. In the European Chess Championship in Dresden in April 2007 Golubenko shared 5..19 places and qualified for the grandmaster title. She officially received this title in Antalya in November 2007, becoming the first ever resident Estonian woman to receive it.
On October 2008 Valentina Golubenko won the Gold Medal of the World Youth Chess Championship in the Girls Under 18 category. She received 9 points out of a theoretically possible 11 and was ahead of the Silver Medal winner, R. Preeti from India, by one point. She also participated in the Women's World Chess Championship 2008 but lost to Viktorija Čmilytė from Lithuania in the first round.
Conflict with Estonian Chess Federation.
Despite having lived all her life in Estonia, Valentina Golubenko and her parents decided to hold Russian citizenship. Thus, since 2003 she has not been allowed to represent Estonia in the international chess championships, as according to the article 8 of the Sport Act of Estonia only citizens of Estonia and children under age of 18 residing in Estonia and without citizenship of any other country can (as individuals or team members) represent Estonia in international championships, such as World and European championships and Olympic Games. Golubenko's family claims that the decision of the Federation contradicts FIDE's General Rules for participation in FIDE events. Estonia's leading grandmaster Jaan Ehlvest agrees with this opinion. Still the Estonian Chess Federation has not allowed Golubenko to play under the Estonian flag despite open letters to FIDE written by both Golubenko's parents, because of the requirement of citizenship set in the Sport Act. As a solution, the Estonian Chess Federation proposed Golubenko to apply for Estonian citizenship; this proposal was rejected by the Golubenko's family. As Golubenko was denied to play for Estonia and her strength was not enough for Russia she decided to play under the flag of Croatia, which was allowed by FIDE.

</doc>
<doc id="20024370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024370" title="Rere">
Rere

Rere is a small community in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. it is located in the upper valley of the Wharekopae River in remote country in the foothills of the Huiarau Range, inland from Gisborne. It is notable for the Rere Falls and Rere Rock Slide, both on the Wharekopae River.
Rere Falls, while not very tall at 5m, is a picturesque 20m wide waterfall. It is possible to walk behind its cascading curtain of water, although the rock face can be slippery.
Rere Rock Slide has been included in the NZ Automobile Association's "101 Must-do places for Kiwis". It is a smooth, natural rock formation 60m long, at an angle of about 30°, over which the Wharekopae River rushes like water in a giant water slide. With a little care, it can be slid down on boogie boards, tyres and the likes.

</doc>
<doc id="20024383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024383" title="Whangara">
Whangara

Whangara is a small community in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island.
Located between Gisborne and Tolaga Bay, five kilometres southwest of Gable End Foreland and 2 km east of State Highway 35, it features prominently in the early history of the Ngāti Porou iwi.
Whangara was the location and setting for the successful New Zealand novel and film "Whale Rider". 

</doc>
<doc id="20024399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024399" title="Gable End Foreland">
Gable End Foreland

Gable End Foreland is a prominent headland on the northeastern coast of New Zealand's North island. It is located 30 kilometres northeast of Tuaheni Point and 20 kilometres south of Tolaga Bay.
The headland was named by Captain James Cook on his first voyage to New Zealand in 1769. The name reflects the similarity of the weathered cliff to a house gable.
An automated navigation light is situated on the foreland at an elevation of 210 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20024409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024409" title="Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite">
Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite

The Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) is a planned space telescope for NASA's Explorer program, designed to search for extrasolar planets using the transit method. Led by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with seed funding from Google, TESS was one of 11 proposals selected for NASA funding in September 2011, down from the original 42 submitted in February of that year. On April 5, 2013, it was announced that TESS, along with the Neutron star Interior Composition ExploreR (NICER), had been selected for launch in 2017.
Mission concept.
Once launched, the telescope would conduct a two-year all-sky survey program for exploring transiting exoplanets around nearby and bright stars. "TESS" would be equipped with four wide-angle telescopes and charge-coupled device (CCD) detectors, with a total size of 67 megapixels. Science data, which are pixel subarrays around each of up to 10,000 target stars per field, are transmitted to Earth every two weeks for analysis. Full-frame images with an effective exposure time of two hours are transmitted to the ground as well, enabling astrophysicists to search the data for an unexpected, transient phenomenon, such as the optical counterpart to a gamma-ray burst.
Orbital dynamics.
In order to obtain imagery from both locations in both northern and southern hemispheres of the sky, "TESS" will utilize a lunar resonant orbit called P/2, a never-before-used orbit. This highly elliptical orbit can be stable; the mission apogee can be timed to keep the craft away from the Moon, which acts as a destabilizing agent. The majority of the orbit is spent well outside the Van Allen belts, to avoid damage to "TESS". Every 13.7 days at its orbit's perigee, "TESS" will downlink the data it has collected during the orbit to Earth over a period of approximately 3 hours.
Scientific objectives.
The survey will focus on G- and K- type stars with apparent magnitudes brighter than 12. Approximately 500,000 of these stars would be studied, including the 1,000 closest red dwarfs. TESS is predicted to discover 1,000 - 10,000 transiting exoplanet candidates which are Earth-sized or larger, with orbital periods of up to two months. These candidates could be later investigated by the Automated Planet Finder telescope, the HARPS spectrometer and both the future ESPRESSO spectrometer and James Webb Space Telescope. The development team at MIT has suggested that the first manned interstellar space missions may be to planets discovered by TESS.

</doc>
<doc id="20024427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024427" title="Robert A. Stemmle">
Robert A. Stemmle

Robert Adolf Stemmle (10 June 1903 – 24 February 1974) was a German screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 86 films between 1932 and 1967. He also directed 46 films between 1934 and 1970. His 1959 film "Die unvollkommene Ehe" was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
He was born in Magdeburg, Germany and died in Baden-Baden, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024430" title="Wharekopae River">
Wharekopae River

The Wharekopae River is located in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. A tributary of the Waikohu River (which is itself a tributary of the Waipaoa River), it rises on the slopes of Maungatapere in the Huiarau Range and flows east, reaching the Waikohu River at the settlement of Waikohu, west of Te Karaka.
At Rere, it cascades over the Rere Rock Slide, a smooth, natural rock formation 60m long, and the picturesque Rere Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="20024432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024432" title="Online tutoring">
Online tutoring

Online tutoring is the process of tutoring in an online, virtual environment or networked environment in which teachers and learners are separated by time and space. Online tutoring, as a reflection of the diversity of the wider Internet, is practiced using many different approaches and is addressed to distinct sets of users. The distinctions are in online content and interface, as well as in tutoring and tutor-training methodologies. Definitions associated with online tutoring vary widely, reflecting the ongoing evolution of the technology, the refinement and variation in online learning methodology, and the interactions of the organizations that deliver online tutoring services with the institutions, individuals, and learners that employ the services. This form of Internet service is a classical micropublishing situation.
Background and definitions.
Online environments applied in education usually involve the use of learning management systems or Virtual Learning Environments such as Moodle, Sakai, WebCT, Blackboard. Online tutoring may be offered either directly through the virtual learning environment of a tutoring service or via a link in a learning management system. In the first case, the learner or his or her parents may be required to pay for tutoring time before the delivery of service, whereas many educational institutions and major textbook publishers sponsor a certain amount of tutoring without a direct charge to the learner. 
The tutoring may take the form of a group of learners simultaneously logged in and receiving instruction from a single tutor, also known as "many-to-one" tutoring. This is often known as "e-moderation", defined as the facilitation of the achievement of goals of independent learning, learner autonomy, self-reflection, knowledge construction, collaborative or group-based learning, online discussion, transformative learning and communities of practice. These functions of moderation are based on constructivist or social-constructivist principles of learning. 
Another form of tutoring, called "peer tutoring", involves peers (i.e., fellow-students) within a course or subject tutoring each other, and this may also be conducted as online tutoring over an online conferencing interface.
Most commonly, however, individual learners or their parents either purchase tutoring time with a private vendor of online tutoring service. Such time may also be made available through the purchase of a book, access to a library, a textbook publisher, or enrollment in a particular school or school system. This is known as "one-on-one" tutoring.
"Asynchronous" online tutoring is tutoring offered in a format in which the learner submits a question and the tutor responds at a later time. This is appropriate to detailed review of writing, for instance. It also enables a cautious learners to retain control over how they submit questions and request assistance. The learner and the tutor need not be online at the same time.
"Synchronous" online tutoring involves a shared interface, such that both the tutor and the learner (or a group of learners) are online at the same time. This requires implementation of browser-based software and may or may not require the learner to download proprietary software. Some online tutoring services use telephonic or VOIP communication and even video communication.
There are a number of private firms that provide online tutoring. A third-party online tutoring service offering asynchronous one-on-one tutoring was available as early as 1996.
From the very beginning of online tutoring, controversy surrounded several concerns voiced by educators and parents. Researchers recognised that online tutoring required three components:
The questions raised by online tutoring include:
Within higher education, tutoring is considered to be adult-to-adult guidance within a specific course or subject for the clear purpose of advancing learning competence in an area of study. Generally, a tutor is an academic, a lecturer or professor who has responsibility for teaching in a degree/diploma program in a university or vocational teaching and learning setting. Learning centers at post-secondary school campuses may incorporate either e-moderating or one-to-one online tutoring, or both, creating a distance learning program, whether or not the campus or student courses are conducted online. In distance learning, tutors may be recruited specifically for the role of teaching and supporting students through online tutoring. Inheriting the role of the tutor, the online tutor must have excellent online communication skills and the ability to discern learning objectives, and must guide students successfully towards the attainment of those objectives. This form of tutoring may vary from primary instruction to assistance with assigned coursework.
Current state of the art.
Online tutoring presupposes a self-motivated and independent learner. The learning aspect of tutoring outweighs the teaching aspect. E-moderating usually refers to group online or web-based learning that 
The practice of online tutoring.
Differences between online and face-to-face tutoring.
In both online and face-to-face tutoring, similarities lie in the areas of group dynamics, need for roles within the group and design to encourage in-group interaction. Differences include the need for more facilitation to help structure discussions, with group roles emerging more slowly in the online setting.
There is a spectrum of intervention in online discussions from occasional guidance (assignment assistance) to full-scale design and support of learning groups and tasks (instruction). The first of these is known as "tactical online tutoring" and the second as "strategic online tutoring".
Tactical online tutoring.
Tactical tutors are expected to display sensitivity to group interactions and progress, or the lack thereof, and to respond within an online interaction at critical moments in which their mastery of the subject and ability to explain it is requested by the learner or in which the learner makes manifest errors. They are more likely than strategic tutors to be employed in one-on-one interfaces. "Asynchronous" tutoring allows a tutor to convey insight into strengths and weaknesses of a learner's work. "Synchronous" or "live" tutoring can provide help at the moment the learner becomes conscious of a problem and logs in.
Private online tutoring services.
In general, academic online tutors are available through various virtual learning environments to help learners answer questions on specific subject matter, to help in the writing of essays, and to assist with research. Offerings vary from sites loosely associated with campuses, such as Student of Fortune (which accepts that students may use its answers to cheat) to sites directly contracted by and operating in concert with educational institutions, textbook publishers, or libraries, such as NetTutor. Access to the publisher or campus-provided online tutoring may be limited to just a few hours.
Other major concerns of parents or teachers in making use of online tutoring services include:
Strategic online tutoring.
Strategic tutors do more prior planning, including determining the number of learners per group and membership. Smaller groups are more likely to cultivate trust, whereas a larger group provides for greater heterogeneity and promotes interaction and task achievement. Six is reported to be the smallest size for good online work, and fifteen is the maximum for full participation. For strategic online tutoring, full participation depends upon robust connectivity and efficient use of bandwidth to guarantee full participation.
Design for group learning.
The prior design of online activities, sometimes known as "e-tivities", is one aspect of strategic tutoring. E-tivities promote peer group learning and result in less online tutoring time. E-tivities have the following characteristics:
Worksheets, online bulletin boards, and threaded discussions are examples of tools for e-tivities. An e-tivity may be an effective learning tool if it has an illustrative title, a stimulus or challenge, involves invitations to learners to post messages, is carefully timed, has postings to which others can add, and summaries, critiques or feedback from the e-moderator.
Online tutors can take a similar approach using podcasts.
Scaffolding.
Two necessary assumptions about online tutors is that they possess academic qualification sufficient to educate and that they have specific training to meet the challenges of online communication. Online tutors also need to be aware of the stages learners usually employ in the online environment; these stages determine the kinds of scaffolding (help) that is appropriate for learners at each stage. Salmon (2004) suggests five stages for learning and scaffolding appropriate to each: 
Critical success factors in online tutoring.
Training and development.
Staff who are inexperienced online will inevitably try to transfer into online tutoring what has worked for them in the past or what they believe is the only valid method for their discipline. Further, the values embedded in many commonly used VLEs contribute to counterproductive behaviors for online tutoring.
The key competencies needed by tutors are the abilities to:
Key features for staff development are both online and face-to-face in character:
Dealing with characteristics of online environments.
Online interaction is essentially verbal, so that nonverbal cues, often considered essential to the tutoring process, are not present. For example, in a text transferred back and forth online (asynchronous paper review), facial expressions, body movements and eye contact are not present. Both the tutor and the learner may need experience with the medium to get used to this. However, face-to-face meetings are not actually essential, since, with training, online tutors can exploit features of the online environment to communicate in new ways, such as by sketching on whiteboards or using a shared online calculator. The learner may be invited to reflect on the discussion or consult specific resources.
The learner, too, may more consciously prepare a message in advance, and may choose to log in to "meet" with the tutor according to his or her own schedule. Both synchronous (live) and asynchronous online tutoring typically preserve an online record of tutor remarks or a tutoring session. The learner can use this record for future reference.
Self-led teams.
As students become more experienced at working together online, some of the online facilitation roles can be delegated to the students. However, the students will need advice and training in order to become successful collaborators.
Advice and training for self-led teams should include:
Current developments.
Online tutoring environments are moving beyond those offered by synchronous and asynchronous discussion technology, as often offered by VLEs. New opportunities for online tutoring are offered by Web 2.0 systems and multi-user virtual environments.
Web 2.0.
Web 2.0 encompasses the use of the web in increasingly interactive ways, with social networking and user-generated content being two critical benefits. Social networks can be used to connect tutors and students, and can allow students to help each other on a peer-to-peer basis. User-generated content can be created by and used by both tutors and students. 
Online tutors may use Web 2.0 applications to render their online tutoring more flexible and current. For example, podcasts provide the advantage of the human voice, ease of use and mobile access to instruction (Salmon and Edisiringha 2008), and blogs may provide access to newly developed topics that can spur debate. Some online tutoring sites incorporated such tools into their interfaces even before Web 2.0 phenomena were widely discussed.
Multi-user virtual environments.
Research is just beginning on the use of multi-user virtual environments (e.g. Second Life) and the role of avatars as Second Life tutors and learners.
Automated tutors.
Also see: intelligent tutoring system.
Wolfram Alpha offers "The Problem Generator" (PG) creates practice questions. Wolfram Alpha then guides them to the answers step-by-step. PG covers six subjects: arithmetic, number theory, algebra, calculus, linear algebra and statistics. The difficulty of the questions can be adjusted for different ages/abilities. The material for students in elementary and secondary schools closely follows the 
Common Core Standards initiative. The tool uses Alpha’s natural language processing capabilities to interpret answers. PG allows teachers to create printable multiple-choice quizzes.

</doc>
<doc id="20024456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024456" title="St. George's Cathedral, Addis Ababa">
St. George's Cathedral, Addis Ababa

St George's Cathedral is an Orthodox cathedral in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is noted for its distinctive octagonal form. It is located at the northern end of Churchill Road in the city. 
Overview.
Designed by Sebastiano Castagna and built by Italian prisoners of war defeated at Adwa in 1896, it was named after St. George, after the Tabot (Ark) of the church was carried to the Battle of Adwa against the Italians during which the Ethiopians secured victory. The building was described in 1938 in an Italian tourist publication as a fine example of the European interpretation of Ethiopian church design. The Italian Fascist authorities set the building on fire during the war in 1937. The cathedral was later restored by the Emperor following the liberation in 1941.
Empress Zewditu of Ethiopia was crowned at this Cathedral in 1917, and Emperor Haile Selassie was crowned there in 1930, and it became a pilgrimage site for Rastafarians. The Cathedral has a museum, and an Imperial throne is on display as is the stained glass works of artist Afewerk Tekle. Given the reason why the cathedral was named, it displays weaponry used in the wars against the Italians including curved swords and tridents and giant helmets made from the manes of lions.

</doc>
<doc id="20024467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024467" title="Power factor (pistol)">
Power factor (pistol)

In competitive practical shooting, power factor refers to a ranking system for the momentum of pistol cartridges. The power factor is used in competitions sponsored by IPSC, USPSA, The Bianchi Cup, Steel Challenge, and IDPA.
IPSC/USPSA Power factor.
IPSC and USPSA provide for two power factors, major and minor. The basis for power factor is the assumption that in a real-life encounter, a center hit from either will suffice to end the fight. Lesser-power cartridges will have less effect as the hits occur further from the center. The scoring would thus be: for a center, next scoring area and most-outside scoring area: Major; 5-4-2. Minor; 5-3-1. Poor hits (i.e. less-accurate marksmanship) are penalized, and the lesser cartridge is penalized more.
The power factor is calculated by multiplying bullet weight (in grains, 7,000 to the pound) by muzzle velocity (in feet per second), then dividing by 1000. As of 2008, a value of 165 or greater is considered major, while values below 165 are minor. Until a point in the late 1990s, the cut off point for "making major" was 175.
All firearms must have a minimum power factor of 125 for USPSA competition, and virtually anything of 9mm Luger or greater caliber will fit into minor. The minimum power factor is required since less-powerful cartridges have lower recoil and can be fired more quickly; setting a minimum value emphasizes the shooter's skill. 
The desire to "make major" is a large part of the popularity of high velocity 9mm cartridges in this type of competition. .38 Super and other similar cartridges can be loaded to make major power factor. The felt recoil of a 9mm at Major is much the same as it would be for a .45. However, its higher operating pressure (.45: 17,000PSI, .38 Super: 34,000PSI)provides the Super a greater amount of higher-pressure gases to the muzzle brake. Open Division pistols are allowed a muzzle brake, and the re-directed gases act to dampen felt recoil and muzzle rise. Other USPSA equipment Divisions are not permitted muzzle brakes, thus the .38 Super or one of its derivatives (e.g., 9mm Major or 9x23) are not common outside of those two Divisions. In all divisions except Open and Revolver, the minimum bullet diameter to "make major" is .400" (.40 Smith and Wesson/10mm). In IPSC, Modified pistols were allowed muzzle brakes, but the division was retired after the World Shoot in 2011.
Major/Minor scoring occurs in USPSA in Open, Limited, Limited 10, Single Stack and Revolver Divisions. In production Division, only Minor is permitted. Use of major ammo will not give any scoring advantage. In IPSC competitions, Open, Standard, and Revolver Standard are Major/Minor, and Production is only Minor.
IDPA Power Factor.
The IDPA also has a "power factor", and it is calculated the same way, however there is no scoring distinction between major and minor as in USPSA. A particular IDPA division has a minimum power factor, and the firearm must meet or exceed this minimum to be legal for competition. The minimum power factor is 125,000 (the same as a USPSA power factor of 125) for all divisions, except Custom Defensive Pistol (which is restricted to semiautomatics chambered for .45 ACP)and Enhanced Service Revolver division, which have power factors of 165,000. 
In all instances, it is up to the competitor to ensure his/her ammunition meets the requirements for the competition or equipment Division. In Division where both Major and Minor are permitted, the shooter must balance the faster shooting with Minor ammunition against the lower scoring.
Effective 1/17/11 the power factor for the stock service revolver division (SSR) was reduced to 105,000 since most factory produced .38 special ammunition available on the market did not meet the previous minimum power factor of 125,000.
NRA Action Pistol.
In the Bianchi Cup, all matches requiring the use of centerfire ammunition must meet or exceed power floor of 120,000, or 120 Power Factor.
Steel Challenge.
A minimum power factor of 120 was required to activate the stop plate in years past, which stops the time. The minimum power factor rule no longer applies.
Verifying Power Factor During Competition.
For all major shooting competitions, claimed power factors are checked by firing the competitor's gun and ammunition through a chronograph. The most common practice is for a competitor to provide a certain number of rounds to the Range/Safety Officers at the beginning of the match day. During the course of the match, the Range/Safety Officers at the chronograph station will pull a bullet from the competitor's ammunition and weigh it. When the competitor arrives at the chronograph station, they provide their pistol and an empty magazine to the Range/Safety Officer who loads a number of rounds into the magazine and fires them through the chronograph to determine the ammunition's velocity. The power factor is verified against the competitor's claimed power factor. If a competitor claims major power factor and fails to achieve it, they are moved to minor and their targets are scored accordingly. If a competitor fails to make minor power factor, they generally can continue to shoot the match, but will do so for no score.
At local (often referred to as "club") matches, it is rare to verify the competitors' claimed power factor, except to ensure the minimum caliber is met (e.g., a USPSA Limited shooter using a 9mm bullet and claiming Major power factor).

</doc>
<doc id="20024472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024472" title="Puha, New Zealand">
Puha, New Zealand

Puha is a small settlement in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located close to the confluence of the Waikohu and Waipaoa Rivers on State Highway 2 close to te Karaka, inland from Gisborne.

</doc>
<doc id="20024475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024475" title="Waverly (Croom, Maryland)">
Waverly (Croom, Maryland)

Waverly is a historic home located at Croom in Prince George's County, Maryland. The house, constructed in 1855, is a -story, two-part Italianate-style frame house. The casing of the principal entrance is a combination of both the Greek Revival and Italianate styles. Also on the property are two of the original outbuildings, a meathouse and a washhouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
External links.
^ [http://www.preservationhowardcounty.org] Preservation Howard County (Simpsonville, Maryland)

</doc>
<doc id="20024481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024481" title="Waikohu">
Waikohu

Waikohu is a small settlement in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located close to the confluence of the Wharekopae and Waikohu Rivers on State Highway 2 to the west of Te Karaka, inland from Gisborne.

</doc>
<doc id="20024483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024483" title="Brigitte Grothum">
Brigitte Grothum

Brigitte Grothum (born 26 February 1935) is a German film actress. She has appeared in 50 films since 1955. She was born in Dessau, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024484" title="Waikohu River">
Waikohu River

The Waikohu River is located in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. A tributary of the Waipaoa River, it rises close to Matawai in the Raukumara Range and flows southeast, reaching the Waipaoa River close to the tiny settlement of Puha, between the settlements of Waikohu and Te Karaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20024493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024493" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 11th SS Volunteer Panzer Grenadier Division Norland">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 11th SS Volunteer Panzer Grenadier Division Norland

The 11th SS Volunteer Panzer Grenadier Division "Nordland", also known as Kampfverband Waräger, Germanische-Freiwilligen-Division, SS-Panzergrenadier-Division 11 (Germanische) or 11. SS-Freiwilligen-Panzergrenadier-Division "Nordland", was a German Waffen SS mechanised infantry division recruited from foreign volunteers. It saw action on the Eastern Front during World War II.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:
Knight's Cross.
SS Panzergrenadier Regiment "Nordland".
(assigned to the 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking" until March 1943) 

</doc>
<doc id="20024502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024502" title="Elie Rekhess">
Elie Rekhess

Elie Rekhess (אלי רכס) (born 1945, Haifa, Israel) is a scholar of political history of the Arabs in Israel; Islamic resurgence in Israel; the West Bank and Gaza and Palestinian affairs. He serves as Senior Research Fellow at the Moshe Dayan Center for Middle Eastern and African Studies at Tel Aviv University and as the head of the Konrad Adenauer Program for Jewish-Arab Cooperation at Tel Aviv University. He is also on the faculty of its Department of Middle Eastern History at Tel Aviv University.
As of January 2009, he is the Crown Visiting Chair in Middle East Studies at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, affiliated with Department of History and the Center for Jewish Studies. As an expert on Arab society in Israel, Rekhess's knowledge covers the fields of Political Islam, Palestinian society and politics, the political history of the Arab minority in Israel, minorities and ethnicity in the Middle East, Israeli politics, and social and ethnic cleavages in Israel. He is also a former officer of the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF), actively engaged in the combat sector in his earlier years. As an IDF officer he has real-life experience dealing with combating the Palestinian resistance movement, which includes civilians, women, and children.
Education.
Rekhess graduated in 1970 from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem with a B.A. in History of Islamic Countries; Classical Arabic Language and Literature. Six years later, Dr. Rekhess received his M.A. at The Aranne School of History at Tel Aviv University specializing in "Affinity to Islam within the Samaria (West Bank) Intelligentsia." cum laude. His Ph.D., obtained in 1986 also at the Aranne School of History at Tel Aviv University, was titled "Between Communism and Arab Nationalism: Rakah and the Arab Minority in Israel (1965- 1973)."
Academic experience.
Research positions.
Since 1982, Rekhess has held various posts at the Moshe Dayan Center for Middle Eastern and African Studies. From 1982 to 1986 he served as a researcher. From 1987 to the present Rekhess has been a Senior Research Fellow. From 1996 to 2003, Rekhess was the Director of the Program on Arab Politics in Israel (Sponsored by the Konrad Adenauer Foundation). From 2004 to the present Rekhess is the Director of the Konrad Adenauer Program for Jewish-Arab Cooperation in Israel at the Moshe Dayan Center.
Teaching positions.
Rekhess has held various teaching positions both in Israel and abroad. From 1987 to the present, Rekhess has been a member of the Department of Middle Eastern and African History at Tel Aviv University. Also from 1987 to the present, Rekhess has been on the faculty of the School for Overseas Students at Tel Aviv University. From 1990 to the present Rekhess has been a faculty member of the Wexner Heritage Foundation. From 2002 to the present, Rekhess has been a Visiting Professor at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL in the Department of Jewish Studies and History. From 2004 to the present, Rekhess teaches at the Tauber Institute for the Study of European Jewry in the Summer Institute for Israel Studies through Brandeis University. From 2002 to 2003, Rekhess taught at Spertus College in Chicago, IL. From 1990 to 1996, Rekhess taught in the Journalism Studies Program at Tel Aviv University. From 1998 to 1990, Rekhess was a faculty member in the Center for Jewish Studies at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, PA and Lafayette College in Easter, PA.
Administrative positions.
From 1977 to 1981, Rekhess acted as Director of the Shiloah Center for Middle Eastern and African Studies. From 1972-1973, Rekhess was the Acting Associate Director of the Shiloah Center for Middle Eastern and African Studies.
Advisory posts.
Dr. Rekhess has held a variety of significant advisory posts, including Senior Consultant on Arab Minority Affairs to the Prime Minister's Office (1993–1994); Senior Consultant on Arab Affairs to the Histadrut Labor Organization (1994); Senior Consultant to the Abraham Fund for the Enhancement of Jewish-Arab Coexistence (1994 to 2008); and Member of the Board of 'Sikkuy', the Association for the Advancement of Equal Opportunities (1993 to 2007). A regular public lecturer and television commentator on Arab issues in Israel and the territories, he served as a strategic advisor to Ehud Barak during his election campaign (1999) and as an advisor to Science Minister Matan Vilna'i, Chairman of the Ministerial Committee on the Arabs in Israel (1999–2000).
Academic and professional awards.
From 2004 to the present, Rekhess receives a $100,000 annual grant by the Konrad Adenauer Foundation to establish the Konrad Adenauer Program for Jewish-Arab Cooperation. From 1995 to 2003, Rekhess received a $50,000 annual grant by the Konrad Adenauer Foundation to run the "Research Program on Arab Politics in Israel." In 1993, Rekhess received a 30,000 grant for a conference on "ARab Politics in Israel at a Crossroad," by the Konrad Adenauer Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20024518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024518" title="Huiarau Range">
Huiarau Range

The Huiarau Range is a range of mountains in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. Part of the spine of mountains that run roughly parallel with the island's east coast, it is a southwestern extension of the Raukumara Range, lying between the end of that range and the North Island Volcanic Plateau. 
Peaks within the range include Mount Manuoha (1403 m/4602 ft), Maungataniwha (1369 m/4491 ft), and Maungapohatu (1366 m/4482 ft). Lake Waikaremoana lies close to the southern edge of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20024520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024520" title="Richard Häussler">
Richard Häussler

Richard Häussler (26 October 1908 – 28 September 1964) was a German actor and film director. He appeared in 61 films between 1936 and 1964. He also directed seven films between 1951 and 1957.
He was born in Munich, Germany and died in Grünwald, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024537" title="The Effects of 333">
The Effects of 333

The Effects of 333 is an album by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club. It is their fifth studio album and was released on November 1, 2008.
On October 27, 2008, the band announced via a MySpace bulletin that they are to release their newest album independent of any record company. The album is their first release through their own Abstract Dragon label. The album is completely instrumental and is available as a digital download through their official music store as from 3:33 AM Pacific Time on November 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20024541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024541" title="Vene">
Vene

Vene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024554" title="Motuoroi Island">
Motuoroi Island

Motuoroi Island is a small island off the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located close to the small settlement of Anaura, halfway between Tolaga Bay and Tokomaru Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20024604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024604" title="Howland and Baker islands">
Howland and Baker islands

Howland and Baker islands are two nearby uninhabited U.S. atolls in the Equatorial Pacific that are wildlife refuges, the larger of which is Howland Island:
In addition to the article title, there are several ways the sources refer to this group of islands. These include, Howland and Baker Islands, Baker and Howland Islands, Baker and Howland islands, Howland & Baker Islands, Baker & Howland Islands, "Howard and Baker Islands", "Baker and Howard Islands", "Baker & Howard Islands", Howland/Baker EEZ, and Howland-Baker EEZ.
They are both part of the larger political territory of the United States Minor Outlying Islands and they are also both part of the larger geographic grouping of the Phoenix Islands. Each is a National Wildlife Refuge managed by a division of Interior, the Fish and Wildlife Service. On January 6, 2009, President George Bush, in creating the monument, added both islands to the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument.
The Howland-Baker EEZ (Exclusive Economic Zone) is a 400 nautical-mile diameter area protected by the U.S. Coast Guard, and was in the news in 2005. The Howland-Baker EEZ has 425,700 km2; and by comparison, California has 423,970 km2.
The area may best be known, specifically Howland Island, as the area that Amelia Earhart failed to reach in 1937. More recently, the islands have attracted attention as the only land masses associated with , which is the last area on earth for deadlines with a date to pass.
EEZ History.
The 1976 Magnuson–Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act provided for the U.S. EEZs, which were further established by the Presidential Proclamation of 1983. The Treaty of Tarawa, signed in September 1979, came into force in September 1983, and created the international boundary of the EEZ between Baker Island and McKean Island. Article 4 specifically states, "The two Governments recognize the interest of their peoples in close cooperation for their mutual benefit in economic development relating to fisheries off their coasts." Since 2008, the Kiribati side of this boundary has been a marine protected area, the Phoenix Islands Protected Area.
Land area and territorial claim.
Howland and Baker are separated by . Were Howland and Baker separate EEZs, the 200 nautical-mile EEZ radius for either of the two islands would overlap with 80% of the EEZ for the other island. As a combined area, this one EEZ is 4% of the total U.S. coastline (425,000 km2 out of 11,300,000 km2), larger than that for the Republic of South Korea or Cuba.
The Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument extends out from each island.
As per the 2009 presidential proclamation, the National Wildlife Refuge extends out from each island.
The islands combined are of uninhabited land. In contrast, Central Park in New York City covers and has 38 million visitors annually.
Geologic setting.
Howland and Baker islands are volcanoes approximately 120-75 million years old, on top of which coral has formed platforms. In the EEZ there are ten moderate-sized seamounts from the Cretaceaous era. Most of the seabed is more than in depth, covered with sediment and with abysses.
Economic potential.
The only immediate mining potential is on and immediately offshore of the islands themselves (viz phosphates, sand, gravel, and coral) which would conflict with their protected status per the study. Iron deposits on a few seamounts are also mentioned as an "intermediate" possibility but no energy resources are identified. The islands have phosphorite and guano resources.
In comparison, the Seward's Folly article, regarding the purchase of Alaska in 1868, has this 1913 reflection from historian Ellis Paxson Oberholtzer regarding what the "New York World" said on April 1, 1867:
Boundary with Kiribati.
The islands are considered to be a part of the Phoenix Islands, the rest of which are in Kiribati. The Winslow Reef borders the Howland-Baker EEZ, but is in Kiribati. The PacIOOS mentions that Winslow Reef is "on the southeast boundary line of the EEZ". The EEZ boundary lies halfway between Baker Island and McKean Island.
The capital of Kiribati is on the Tarawa archipelago, and lies to the west of Howland.
After the Pacific Leaders Forum met in August 2009, Kiribati invited the U.S. to add Howland and Baker to its Phoenix Islands Protected Area to create its Pacific Ocean Arc concept.
Boundary enforcement.
In 2005, the U.S. Coast Guard seized a $3,000,000 purse seiner two miles from the Howland-Baker EEZ border with Kiribati, and a year later the case went to court in Guam. The jurisdiction in Guam is provided by the 1976 Magnuson–Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act.
At the corner of the world.
Based on nautical time, the Howland and Baker islands are the last part of the U.S. to bring in the New Year, being the only territory of the U.S. in UTC-12. They are 24 hours behind the Wake Island Time Zone.
The area is also in the equatorial band above which satellites can remain in geosynchronous earth orbit, and NSS-9 is above. In 1964, Syncom 3 was positioned on the International Date Line at the equator, a point from Howland, and into space. Syncom 3 was the first geostationary satellite, and was used to convey live TV coverage of the 1964 Tokyo Summer Olympics.
PTWC warning point.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issues tsunami warnings for "Howland-Baker", with the name of the "Warning Point" as "HOWLAND_IS.".
Under a Jarvis moon.
The colonization of Jarvis, Howland, and Baker islands by a few Hawaiians and military personnel in 1935 was followed a year later by the claim of possession by Franklin D. Roosevelt in May 1936. Canton Island and Enderbury Island, now a part of Kiribati, were colonized in March of 1938.
An 88-minute 2010 documentary, "Under a Jarvis Moon", captures the story of the 130 Americans who colonized these islands between March 1935 and February 1942. The settlers lived on the islands for 3- to 4-month shifts. This colonization was kept secret until Franklin Roosevelt claimed these islands as the territory of the United States in May 1936. It was these settlers who prepared the airstrip for Amelia Earhart.
The colonization came to an end on December 8, 1941, the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Howland and Baker were bombed, and two of the four colonists on Howland died. Although Wake Island was also bombed on December 8, Wake is west of the International Date Line, and the attack on Wake occurred only a few hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The last of the colonists on Jarvis, Howland, Baker, and Enderbury islands were removed in February 1942. Canton, on the other hand, had become a refueling point for commercial aviation by 1939, received a military presence during World War II, and remains populated as of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20024608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024608" title="Greatness Achieved (Prison Break)">
Greatness Achieved (Prison Break)

"Greatness Achieved" is the 66th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on November 3, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network. In this episode Michael, Lincoln, Sucre and Bellick tunnel into the Company's headquarters. Gretchen meets with The General. Michael's condition continues to deteriorate. The police question T-Bag regarding Andrew's disappearance. Wyatt propositions Sara while Mahone awaits his shot at his son's killer.
Plot.
At the warehouse.
At the warehouse, Agent Self, Mahone, and Sara are deciding what to do with Wyatt. Self figures out a way to record Wyatt's voice onto a recorder and edit it to send a message to General Krantz that Lincoln and Michael are dead. The General believes the message, when Gretchen breaks into his office at this time and puts a gun on him. The General says that he wants Gretchen to work for him once again and that everything that happened was all part of his plan. Gretchen apparently complies, and hears about Scylla being moved. After the message from Wyatt goes out to the General, Self and Sara leave the warehouse so that Mahone can be alone with Wyatt. Mahone begins to torture him in revenge for the death of his son. Threatening further torture, Mahone forces Wyatt to call Pam and apologize for killing their son, realizing Wyatt now has an epiphany for the misdeed he's done. Mahone then takes Wyatt out to the harbour with a cinder block tied to his arms. Wyatt says, "You and I are the same Alex...I've done things-" but Mahone ignores him and pushes him into the water mid-sentence.
At GATE.
Back at GATE Corporation, T-Bag's boss returns from his trip and discovers that T-Bag's co-worker Andrew is missing. He calls the police and a detective comes and asks T-Bag questions about Andrew and his relationship with him. After running out of options, T-Bag pulls his own falsified records and presents them to his boss as Andrew's, stating that Andrew's sales records are falsified and that it could cause a lot of trouble for the company if investigated. This makes his boss call off the investigation and T-Bag's involvement in Andrew's murder is covered up.
Beneath GATE.
Michael, Lincoln, Sucre, and Bellick follow the blueprints from the bird book underneath GATE Corporation that leads them to a main water conduit. After failing to dig underneath the pipe, they decide to tunnel through it and into the Company headquarters. While Lincoln and Bellick are sabotaging the water main, Michael begins having severe health problems and Sucre is forced to cut into the water main on his own. Lincoln and Bellick return to place a pipe through the tunnel just before the water is turned back on. However, the pipe slips, and Bellick, knowing what the end result will be, decides to jump into the conduit. With Bellick hoisting the pipe from the inside of the water main, the pipe is successfully installed, but thus Bellick traps himself inside and subsequently sacrifices himself, so the team can continue.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 8.8/10 saying that "Featuring several dramatic highs and two major character deaths, this episode continues the Prison Break tradition of not shying away from killing off major characters". As a result, the episode also received the IGN Editors Choice Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20024609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024609" title="Melford (Mitchellville, Maryland)">
Melford (Mitchellville, Maryland)

Melford is a historic plantation home located on the grounds of the Maryland Science and Technology Center, near the intersection of U.S. Route 301 and U.S. Route 50, at Bowie, Prince George's County, Maryland. The house is multi-part, gable-roofed, brick and stone dwelling house constructed probably in the mid-late 1840s, with elements of the Greek Revival style.
The grounds include three outbuildings: a three-bay gable-roofed slave quarter probably dating from the 18th century; a pyramidal-roofed meat house also dating from the late 18th century; and a 20th-century pyramidal-roofed pump house. The landscape consists of terraced gardens, falling away from the house on three levels. Melford was home for 140 years to two prominent local families, the Ducketts and the Hardestys.
Melford was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20024610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024610" title="Bramford railway station">
Bramford railway station

Bramford railway station refers to the two stations located in Bramford, Suffolk.
History.
The first station at Bramford was opened by the Ipswich and Bury Railway on 24 December 1846. It was an all timber affair designed by Frederick Barnes and was situated on an embankment to the north of the Bramford to Ipswich Road. On the down side (from London Liverpool Street) the platform was reached by some steep wooden steps whilst on the up side a slope was the means of access to the platform.
Such were the changes in the railway industry that in 1847 the Ipswich and Bury Railway became part of the Eastern Union Railway which itself became part of the Eastern Counties Railway in 1854. The Great Eastern Railway took over operation of the station in 1862.
At 3:00 p.m. on 1 August 1911 the down platform caught fire and despite the efforts of local railway staff and villagers by 5:30 there was little left of the down side platform. A number of cottages located at the bottom of the embankment were also damaged (the site of a car show room in 2012).
The signal box - a little further to the north was undamaged as was the goods shed located opposite.
The second Bramford station opened and was located on the other side of the road underbridge. Its construction was approved by the Great Eastern Railway works committee in 1912 and opened c1914. The station was a substantial brick affair with the station building on the up side and a small shelter on the down side.
However in 1919 the goods shed also burnt down (probably due to sparks or ash from a passing train).
The Bradshaws Railway guide for July 1922 shows down services for Bury St Edmunds and Norwich (generally calling all stations) calling at Bramford. Up services generally terminated at Ipswich.
In 1923 the Great Eastern Railway became part of the London and North Eastern Railway. Two years later the signal box was abolished being replaced by a new signal box located at Sproughton Sidings some 46 chains closer to Ipswich.
In 1948 the operation of the station was taken over by British Railways.
This station was closed in 1955.
In 1950s the goods yard - in reality a loop off the main line - was handling very little traffic and it lasted until the 1960s. The station was demolished in 1965 and the only remains today are the old track up to the up platform of the original station.
Fisons Ltd siding.
A large rail connected chemical works was situated one mile north of Bramford railway station. Opened by Packard and Co in 1851 and situated between the railway and the B1067 (although one siding crossed that road and served a sand quarry). Rail traffic ceased c 1968 with the rails lifted soon after although some inset track remained in the yard in 2013. A narrow gauge railway was situated in the quarry until 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20024623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024623" title="Milkha Singh">
Milkha Singh

Milkha Singh (born 1935), also known as The Flying Sikh, is a former Indian track and field sprinter who was introduced to the sport while serving in the Indian Army. As of 2013, he is the only Indian male athlete to win an individual athletics gold medal at a Commonwealth Games. He represented India in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome and the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. He was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian honour, in recognition of his sporting achievements.
The race for which Singh is best remembered is his fourth-place finish in the 400 metres final at the 1960 Olympic Games, which he had entered as one of the favourites. He led the race for some time before easing off, allowing others to pass him. Various records were broken in the race, which required a photo-finish and saw American Otis Davis being declared the winner by one-hundredth of a second over German Carl Kaufmann. Singh's fourth-place time of 45.73 became the Indian national record and held for almost 40 years.
From beginnings that saw him orphaned and displaced during the Partition of India, Singh has become a sporting icon in his country. In 2008, journalist Rohit Brijnath described Singh as "the finest athlete India has ever produced". In July 2012, "The Independent" said that "India's most revered Olympian is a gallant loser" and noted the paucity of success — 20 medals — achieved by Indian competitors in the Olympic Games despite the country having a population in excess of one billion.
Early life.
Milkha Singh was born in 1935 at Govindpura, a village from Muzaffargarh city in Punjab Province, British India (now Muzaffargarh District, Pakistan) in a Sikh Rathore Rajput family. Sources give his date of birth variously as 17 October and 20 November. He was one of 15 siblings, eight of whom died before the Partition of India. He was orphaned during the Partition, when his parents, a brother and two sisters were killed in the violence that ensued. He witnessed these killings.
Escaping the troubles in Punjab, where killings of Hindus and Sikhs were continuing, by moving to Delhi, India, in 1947, Singh lived for a short time with a married sister and was briefly imprisoned at Tihar jail for travelling on a train without a ticket. His sister, Ishvar, sold some jewellery to obtain his release. He spent some time at a refugee camp in Purana Quila and at a resettlement colony in Shahdara, both in Delhi.
Singh became disenchanted with his life and considered becoming a dacoit but was instead persuaded by a brother, Malkhan, to attempt recruitment to the Indian Army. He successfully gained entrance on his fourth attempt, in 1951, and while stationed at the Electrical Mechanical Engineering Centre in Secunderabad he was introduced to athletics. He had run the 10 km distance to and from school as a child and was selected by the army for special training in athletics after finishing sixth in a compulsory cross-country run for new recruits. Singh has acknowledged how the army introduced him to sport, saying that "I came from a remote village, I didn't know what running was, or the Olympics".
International career.
He represented India in the 200m and 400m competitions of the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games. His inexperience meant that he did not progress from the heat stages but a meeting with the eventual 400m champion at those Games, Charles Jenkins, both inspired him to greater things and provided him with information about training methods.
In 1958, Singh set records for the 200m and 400m in the National Games of India, held at Cuttack, and also won gold medals in the same events at the Asian Games. He then won a gold medal in the 400m competition at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games with a time of 46.6 seconds. This latter achievement made him the first gold medalist at the Commonwealth Games from independent India. , he is still the only male Indian to have won an individual athletics gold medal at those Games.
Singh was persuaded by Jawaharlal Nehru to set aside his memories of the Partition era to race successfully in 1960 against Abdul Khaliq in Pakistan, where a post-race comment by the then General Ayub Khan led to him acquiring the nickname of "The Flying Sikh". Some sources say that he set a world record of 45.8 seconds in France, shortly before the Rome Olympics in the same year but the official report of the Games lists the record holder as Lou Jones, who ran 45.2 at Los Angeles in 1956. At those Olympics, he was involved in a close-run final race in the 400m competition, where he was placed fourth. Singh had beaten all the leading contenders other than Otis Davis, and a medal had been anticipated because of his good form. However, he made an error when leading the race at 250m, slowing down in the belief that his pace could not be sustained and looking round at his fellow competitors. Singh believes that these errors caused him to lose his medal opportunity and they are his "worst memory". Davis, Carl Kaufmann and Malcolm Spence all passed him, and a photo-finish resulted. Davis and Kaufman were both timed at a world-record breaking 44.9 seconds, while Spence and Singh went under the pre-Games Olympic record of 45.9 seconds, set in 1952 by George Rhoden and Herb McKenley, with times of 45.5 and 45.6 seconds, respectively. "The Age" noted in 2006 that "Milkha Singh is the only Indian to have broken an Olympic track record. Unfortunately he was the fourth man to do so in the same race" but the official Olympic report notes that Davis had already equalled the Rhoden/McKenley Olympic record in the quarter-finals and surpassed it with a time of 45.5 seconds in the semi-finals.
At the 1962 Asian Games, held in Jakarta, Singh won gold in the 400m and in the 4 x 400m relay. He attended the 1964 Olympic Games in Tokyo, where he was entered to compete in the 400m, the 4 x 100m relay and the 4 x 400m relay. He did not take part in either the 400m or the 4 x 100m relay and the Indian team of Milkha Singh, Makhan Singh, Amrit Pal and Ajmer Singh were eliminated when they finished fourth in the heat stages of the 4 x 400m.
There have been claims that Singh won 77 of his 80 races, but these are spurious. The number of races in which he participated is not verified, nor is the number of victories, but he lost a 400m race at the 1964 National Games in Calcutta to Makhan Singh and he did not finish first in any of his four races at the 1960 Olympic Games or the aforementioned qualification races at the 1956 Olympics.
Singh's time in the 1960 Olympics 400m final, which was run on a cinder track, set a national record that stood until 1998 when Paramjit Singh exceeded it on a synthetic track and with fully automatic timing that recorded 45.70 seconds. Although Singh's Olympic result of 45.6 seconds had been hand-timed, an electronic system at those Games had determined his record to be 45.73.
Later life.
Milkha Singh was promoted from the rank of sepoy to junior commissioned officer in recognition of his successes in the 1958 Asian Games. He subsequently became Director of Sports in the Punjab Ministry of Education, from which post he had retired by 1998.
Singh had been awarded the Padma Shri following his success in 1958. In 2001, he turned down an offer of the Arjuna Award from the Indian government, arguing that it was intended to recognise young sportspeople and not those such as him. He also thought that the Award was being inappropriately given to people who had little notable involvement as active sports people at all. He said that "I have been clubbed with sportspersons who are nowhere near the level that I had achieved" and that the award had become devalued.
All of Singh's medals have been donated to the nation. They were displayed at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi but later moved to a sports museum in Patiala, where a pair of running shoes that he wore in Rome are also displayed. In 2012, he donated the Adidas shoes that he had worn in the 1960 400m final to a charity auction organised by Rahul Bose, the actor.
Singh and his daughter, Sonia Sanwalka, co-wrote his autobiography, titled "The Race of My Life". The book inspired "Bhaag Milkha Bhaag", a 2013 biographical film of Singh's life. Singh sold the movie rights for one rupee but inserted a clause stating that a share of the profits would be given to the Milkha Singh Charitable Trust. The Trust was founded in 2003 with the aim of assisting poor and needy sportspeople.
Family.
, Singh lives in Chandigarh. He met Nirmal Kaur, a former captain of the Indian women's volleyball team in Ceylon in 1955 and the couple married in 1962. They have three daughters and a son, Jeev Milkha Singh. In 1999, they adopted the seven-year old son of Havildar Bikram Singh, who had died in the Battle of Tiger Hill.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="20024624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024624" title="Johnny Miller (disambiguation)">
Johnny Miller (disambiguation)

Johnny Miller (born 1947) is an American professional golfer.
Johnny Miller may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024627" title="A Place to Call Home">
A Place to Call Home

A Place to Call Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024637" title="Adrian Hoven">
Adrian Hoven

Adrian Hoven (18 May 1922 – 28 April 1981) was an Austrian actor, producer and film director. He appeared in 100 films between 1947 and 1981.
He was born in Wöllersdorf, Austria as "Wilhelm Arpad Hofkirchner" and died in Tegernsee, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024640" title="Meskel Square">
Meskel Square

Meskel Square (often transliterated as Meskal or Mesqel) is a square in the city of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is often a site for public gathering or for demonstrations and festivals, notably, the Meskel Festival from which it takes its name.
Overview.
The Meskel Festival has been celebrated for over 1,600 years. The word "Meskel" means "cross" and the festival commemorates the moment when the crucifix was revealed to Empress Helena of Constantinople, mother of Constantine the Great. 
The festival is also seen as a moment to welcome in the spring season by displaying the distinctive yellow Meskel daisies.
Thousands gather at the Square annually on 17 Meskerem in the Ethiopian calendar (September 27 in the Gregorian calendar), with celebrations in Addis Ababa beginning in the early afternoon when a procession bearing flaming torches approaches Meskel Square from various directions. A burning pyramid ("demera") is located in the center and is circled by priests in brightly colored cloaks, students, brass bands, and the army carrying around giant crosses and torches. They set the pyramid alight with their torches, and the burning pyramid is kept ablaze until dawn until the celebrations through the night have ended. 
History.
Traditionally, the Meskel bonfire in Addis Ababa was lit by the Emperor of Ethiopia accompanied by members of the Imperial family, the nobility and high officials of the Orthodox Church and the government. The bonfire was initially lit in the square near the southern gate of St George's Cathedral during the reigns of Emperor Menelik II and Empress Zewditu, but was moved to its present location in the specifically constructed Meskel Square by Emperor Haile Selassie. 
Following the fall of the monarchy in 1974, Meskel Square was renamed "Abiot" or Revolution Square. It was greatly expanded so that it could accommodate the annual Revolution Day and May Day parades on September 12 and May 1. Three gigantic portraits of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels and Vladimir Lenin were erected in the square. The population of Addis Ababa would joke that these were the "new trinity". Meskel bonfires continued to be lit there however for a number of years, with the Patriarch of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church lighting the bonfire in place of the Emperor. Between 1988 and 1991, the officially atheist government ordered the Meskel celebration to be moved back to the small square outside the southern gates of St. George Cathedral. After the fall of Mengistu Haile Mariam, the short lived government of General Tesfaye Gebre Kidan restored the original name of Meskel Square, and the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front government returned the Meskel celebration to the square. 
The square is often used for other secular purposes. Concerts, parades, and various other government and public events are held there. Political parties often hold rallies in the square. Part of the public ceremonies surrounding the re-burial of Emperor Haile Selassie took place in the square as well. The annual "Great Ethiopian Run" passes through Meskel Square. The national monument in memory of those massacred by the Derg regime in the "Red Terror" of the 1970s has been built at the eastern entrance to the square, and the remains of many victims from that period have been buried there : the Red Terror Martyrs Memorial Museum has been inaugurated in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20024652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024652" title="The Legend (Prison Break)">
The Legend (Prison Break)

"The Legend" is the 67th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on November 10, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network. 
Plot.
The team members are angered when they find out that Agent Self is refusing to return Bellick's body to his mother. Sucre attacks him and Mahone threatens to call off the operation to uncover Scylla if Self goes back on his word. Self reluctantly agrees but warns Sucre to never attack him again or risk death. Michael and Self meet with Gretchen, who gives them the remaining pages from the bird book and lets them know that Scylla is being moved to a bunker in Pennsylvania the following day. Contrary to Lisa's wishes, the General wants to call in someone named David Baker to assist with moving Scylla. Michael and Mahone uncover a code and figure out that David Baker is the one who wrote the code and the blueprints in Whistler's bird book; to fully decipher it, they're going to need David Baker.
At GATE, Trishanne gives T-Bag Gretchen's fingerprints and background info from the California Highway Patrol. When she mentions Whistler's name to him, he immediately becomes suspicious of her, wondering how she could possibly know who he is. However, T-Bag runs into a bigger problem when he is asked by his boss to step in on a major presentation. Later that day, it turns out that Trishanne works with Homeland Security; she turns up to tell Self that she screwed up when she mentioned Whistler in front of T-Bag.
At the warehouse, Michael collapses again, forcing Sara to rush him to the hospital under fake identities. Michael is brought in for a CT scan as Sara patiently waits outside. In Michael's absence, Mahone heads to David Baker's house and is let in after he mentions Scylla. In the GATE basement, Lincoln and Sucre are looking for a way into the Company headquarters when Sucre accidentally steps on a trigger, possibly a land mine, which starts beeping. If he moves, it may go off and harm them both. At David Baker's house, after enquiring about Baker's model of a self-sufficient city comparable to the real-world Venus Project, Mahone is probed on his involvement with the Company, thereby betraying his purpose at the house while Baker insists that he has cut all ties to the Company. Back at GATE, T-Bag begins to deliver a much-practiced speech in front of potential clients, before breaking into a passionate, half-true speech about how he volunteered in prison and was friends with a CO named Brad, in honour of Bellick's memory. 
The hospital is looking to admit Michael but he refuses treatment. Sara asks Michael to reconsider, but both are spooked when they spot the police in the hospital and hurriedly leave, asking the doctor to call back with the test results later. Meanwhile, agents from The Company barge into David Baker's house as Mahone is begging Baker for help. Mahone tries to take a call from Lincoln before hanging up as he spots the Company agents approaching; he hurriedly tries to bring Baker around then runs before Baker is captured and backup agents sweep the grounds for signs of an intruder. While fleeing, Mahone is met with Baker's wife, who delivers a legend for the blueprint and drives off. 
Unable to reach Michael or Mahone, Lincoln drags Gretchen into the tunnels. Gretchen recognizes the type of land mine and orders Sucre to change the distribution of his weight on the trigger, so that she can disarm the firing pin. Lincoln and Sucre are distrustful of her, but she points out that she is risking her own life as well. After meeting up back at the warehouse, Michael and Mahone decode the blueprint, only to realize that Sucre isn't just stepping on a land mine, but also on an alarm trigger. Mahone rushes to GATE to stop them from dismantling the bomb, which will set off the alarm. He manually overrides the system and tells Sucre to step off the trigger, who eventually does so with great reluctance.
Everyone meets back up at the warehouse where they are met with Bellick's body, dressed in a proper suit, and placed in a coffin to be sent home to his mother for burial. Mahone places a police shield on Bellick's chest. Sucre makes the phone call to Bellick's mother, as he promised that he would in the event that anything happened to him. T-Bag discovers Trishanne's identity when he calls a number on Trishanne's resume and is greeted by Self's voice on the other end of the line. 
Sara gives Michael his medical results: he has a Hypothalamus Tumor that has been growing and requires surgery. Michael asks for two days, but Sara tells him that he only has one - he has to have surgery tomorrow or he runs the risk of dying.
In the T-Bag speech scene, "Prison Break" writers Nick Santora, Matt Olmstead, Zack Estrin, Karyn Usher, Seth Hoffman and others appear, presumably in a tribute to Bellick's character.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 8.8/10 saying that "the writers chose the right material to include in the episode" and that there were "great character moments in-between the action". As a result, the episode also received the IGN Editors Choice Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20024655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024655" title="John Millar">
John Millar

John Millar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20024660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024660" title="Stadionul Juventus">
Stadionul Juventus

Juventus Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bucharest, Romania. It is the home ground of Juventus Bucureşti. It holds 3,000 people, all seated.

</doc>
<doc id="20024682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024682" title="Ōmuta Station">
Ōmuta Station

History.
The JR station opened on April 1, 1891 and the Nishitetsu station opened on July 1, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20024685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024685" title="Ulster Minor Club Football Championship">
Ulster Minor Club Football Championship

The Ulster Minor Club Football Championship (; sometimes known as the St. Paul's Tournament ) is an annual Gaelic football tournament played between the hundreds of minor football clubs in Ulster. There are nine county championships between the nine counties of Ulster. The nine winners go on to play each other in the Ulster Club Championship in a knock-out format. The current holders of the Ulster Minor title are Glen Maghera from Derry.
The tournament is organised and hosted by St. Paul's GAC, from Belfast. While unofficial, it is regarded as the Ulster Club Championship for Minor teams. The winners are presented with the Jim McConville Cup. The competition has been running since 1982 and the Jimmy McConville cup has been presented since 1983. The competition is usually played in November and December, with the final taking place in January, typically on New Year's Day (i.e. the 2008 final took place on 1 January 2009).
Roll of honour.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20024687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024687" title="Pinkas Braun">
Pinkas Braun

Pinkas Braun (7 January 1923 – 24 June 2008) was a Swiss film actor. He appeared in 70 films between 1952 and 2002.
He was born in Zürich, Switzerland and died in Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20024696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024696" title="Mahasena">
Mahasena


</doc>
<doc id="20024702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024702" title="Sanjay Khanduri">
Sanjay Khanduri

Sanjay Khanduri ), (born 13 June 1979) is a film director from Bollywood Ek Chalis Ki Last Local and Kismet Love Paisa Dilli
Early life.
Sanjay, born on 13 June in a Hindu family, originally from Uttarakhand brought up in New Delhi, did his schooling from Blue Bells International School, Delhi and graduated from Delhi University in Electronics with the aim to be an Engineer. Khanduri has worked intensively thru journalism to ad films, to finally become a film-maker.
He shared equal passion for special effects and it was this passion which led him to the gates of TV18 as a correspondent. Later on, he moved ahead to join Crest Communication, an organization with top expertise in Special Effects in Advertisements & Feature Films in country.
It was during this period he developed interest in film making and his first breakthrough came as second assistant Director Subhash Ghai in the movie Taal. His second movie was Dil Hai Tumhara as a Chief Associate Director.
Filmography.
SANJAY’S major breakthrough in Bollywood came with Ek Chalis Ki Last Local as a Director and Script writer under the banner of Quartet Films presented by Bharat Shah. The movie stars Neha Dhupia & Abhay Deol in the lead role and 80% new cast.
His second film Kismet Love Paisa Dilli released on 5 October 2012, and received mixed response, with poor box office collections. The movie features Vivek Oberoi opposite Malika Sherawat in lead roles.
Career.
Debuting with his dark comic thriller 'Ek Chalis Ki Last Local (meaning: The Last Local Train of 1:40 am) Sanjay Khanduri deeply marks his presence in Hindi commercial cinema as a writer and director. The film has won high accolades from masses and critics for its innovative concept and screenplay. The film ‘Ek Chalis Ki Last Local’ (meaning last tube of 1:40 am) is weaved around true incident of his life of missing his last train back home, one rainy night.
Sanjay's second film Kismet Love Paisa Dilli was did not fare that well. The film was actually titled 'Gyarah Chalis Ki Last Metro' and was announced that way. It was written as a franchise of his last film Ek Chalis Ki Last Local but funders changed it just before the shoot as they found title's abbreviation KLPD slang acronym as more interesting. 
Awards.
4 Stardust Nominations :
Best Debutant Director
Best Film
Best supporting Actress: Sunita Rajwar
Best supporting Actor : Ashoka Samarth

</doc>
<doc id="20024708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024708" title="Europeana">
Europeana

Europeana.eu is an internet portal that acts as an interface to millions of books, paintings, films, museum objects and archival records that have been digitised throughout Europe. "Mona Lisa" by Leonardo da Vinci, "Girl with a Pearl Earring" by Johannes Vermeer, the works of Charles Darwin and Isaac Newton and the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are some of the highlights on Europeana. 
More than 2,000 institutions across Europe have contributed to Europeana. These range from major international names like the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, the British Library and the Louvre to regional archives and local museums from every member of the European Union. Together, their assembled collections let users explore Europe's cultural and scientific heritage from prehistory to the modern day.
History.
The catalyst for Europeana was a letter sent by Jacques Chirac, President of France, together with the premiers of Germany, Spain, Italy, Poland and Hungary to the President of the European Commission, José Manuel Durão Barroso, in April 2005. The letter recommended the creation of a virtual European library, to make Europe's cultural heritage accessible for all.
The letter added resonance to the work that the European Commission's Information Society and Media Directorate had been engaged in for over a decade, with programmes such as Telematics for Libraries. It gave strong political endorsement to the Directorate's strategy, i2010: communication on digital libraries, which was published on 30 September 2005. The strategy announced the intention to promote and support the creation of a European digital library, as a goal within the European Union, which aims to foster growth in the information society and media industries.
The project that began the building of Europeana was called the European Digital Library Network (EDLnet) and was aimed at building a prototype of a cross-border, cross-domain, user-centred service. It was funded by the European Commission under its eContentplus programme, one of the research and development funding streams of i2010.
The prototype was launched on 20 November 2008. At its beta launch, the site gave access to 4.5 million digital objects – more than double the initial target – from over 1,000 contributing organisations, including world-famous national library, gallery and museum collections from the capitals of Europe. Due to an unexpected user surge (peaking at an estimated 10 million hits an hour), the servers were unable to cope with the massive load. The site was temporarily taken down, and after series of technical upgrades went up again in December 2008.
In February 2009, the successor of EDLnet – Europeana version 1.0 – began. This 30-month project was to develop the prototype into a fully operational service. In 2010, the project accomplished its objective of giving access to over 10 million digital objects. Early in 2011, new features on the site included a translation tool and the ability to expand on information by automatically transferring the search term to Wikipedia and other services.
Function.
Europeana gives access to different types of content from different types of heritage institutions. The digital objects that users can find in Europeana are not stored on a central computer, but remain with the cultural institution and are hosted on their networks. Europeana collects contextual information – or metadata – about the items, including a small picture. Users search this contextual information. Once they find what they are looking for, if they want to access the full content of the item, they can click through to the original site that holds the content.
Different types of cultural heritage organisations – libraries, museums, archives and audiovisual collections – catalogue their content in different ways and to different standards. Approaches also vary in different countries. To make the information searchable, it has to be mapped to a single common standard, known as the Europeana Semantic Elements. This metadata standard at present takes a lowest common denominator approach to the integration of different types of digital content. However, the introduction of a richer metadata standard, the Europeana Data Model, will help to give users more and better information.
Europeana accepts metadata about digital objects, it does not make any decisions about digitisation. The decision about which objects are digitised lies with the organisation that holds the material.
Strategy.
In its Strategic Plan for 2011–2015, which was published in January 2011, Europeana outlines four strategic tracks that will shape its further development:
Organisation.
The Europeana Foundation is the governing body of the Europeana service. Its members are the presidents and chairs of European associations for cultural heritage and information associations.
The Foundation promotes collaboration between museums, archives, audiovisual collections and libraries so that users can have integrated access to their content through Europeana and other services.
The Foundation is incorporated under Dutch law as Stichting Europeana and is housed within the Koninklijke Bibliotheek, the national library of the Netherlands. It provides a legal framework for the governance of Europeana, employing the staff, bidding for funding and enabling the sustainability of the service.
The executive director of the Europeana Foundation is Jill Cousins.
Europeana projects.
There are a number of projects – the Europeana Group – that are contributing technology solutions and content to Europeana. These projects are run by different cultural heritage institutions, and are part-funded by the European Commission's eContentplus programme and the Information and Communications Technologies Policy Support Programme (ICT PSP). 
The Europeana Group projects are:
Financing.
Europeana and the projects contributing content to Europeana.eu have been funded by the European Commission under eContentplus, the Information and Communications Technologies Policy Support Programme (ICT PSP) and similar programmes. To participate in a wide range of projects, which are only funded by the Commission for 50–100% of the costs and do not include overheads, Europeana is also reliant for an element of its funding on Member States’ ministries of culture and education.

</doc>
<doc id="20024715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024715" title="Face à face">
Face à face

Face à face was a French political television programme, created by Jean Farran and Igor Barrère and shown on la première chaîne of ORTF from 24 February to 3 October 1966 when it was replaced by "En direct avec".

</doc>
<doc id="20024717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024717" title="Landless Peoples Movement">
Landless Peoples Movement

The Landless People's Movement (LPM) is an independent social movement in South Africa. It consists of rural people and people living in shack settlements in cities. The LPM boycotts parliamentary elections and has a history of conflict with the African National Congress. The LPM is affiliated to Via Campesina internationally and its Johannesburg branches to the The Poor People's Alliance in South Africa.
History.
On 24 July 2001 provincial representatives of local landless formations met with regional organisations to unite their grievances and collectively seek change to relieve their struggles. The LPM was formed out of this meeting
Its stated aims were to:
The movement was initially formed and support by an NGO, the National Land Committee (NLC), but in 2003 it broke with the NLC and has since operated autonomously.
On 13 November 2003 the movement issued a Memorandum to then President Thabo Mbeki asking "why is development brought to us through guns and the terror" and demanding an immediate halt to all evictions on farms and from urban squatter camps. 
In 2008 the Protea South branch in Johannesburg won a landmark court order against the city of Johannesburg. 
The Landless People's Movement has been successful in linking the commonalities between both rural and urban land dispossession.
Branches in Giyani townships and villages in Limpopo province South Africa are as follows.
Branches in Johannesburg.
The Johannesburg Landless Peoples' Movement currently has branches in the following shack settlements:
State repression.
In April 2004 57 members of the movement were arrested on election day for marching under the banner of 'No Land! No Vote!'. Some of the arrested activists were subject to torture and this was later taken up in court action against the police.
In September 2007 the Freedom of Expression Institute reported that at a peaceful protest by the Landless People's Movement:
"SAPS members fired at random towards the protesters, leaving the pavement covered with the blue casings of rubber bullets. Police also deployed a helicopter and water cannon, and we saw at least two officers using live ammunition. One Protea South resident, Mandisa Msewu, was shot in the mouth by a rubber bullet, and several other residents were attended to by paramedics due to police violence."
In February 2009 the movement reported that eight LPM activists from Protea South were arrested following a peaceful protest.
The movement claims to have been subject to severe repression in Johannesburg in 2010, including arrest, arson and murder. Also in 2010 one of the movement's activists, Terrance Mbuleo (33), was murdered by middle class vigilantes in Soweto.
Poor People's Alliance.
In September 2008 the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign, together with Abahlali baseMjondolo, the Johannesburg branches of the Landless People's Movement and the Rural Network (Abahlali basePlasini) in KwaZulu-Natal formed the Poor People's Alliance. The poor people's alliance refuses electoral politics under the banner 'No Land! No House! No Vote!'.

</doc>
<doc id="20024733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024733" title="Melwood Park">
Melwood Park

Melwood Park is a historic home located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, Flemish bond brick structure, with Georgian details. As of 2009, it is undergoing an extensive restoration. This unique dwelling was visited by George Washington on several occasions and the British Army camped here during their march to Washington, D.C. in August 1814, during the War of 1812.
Melwood Park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Ownership history.
The house is significant for its early owners, some of the most prominent men in all phases of the life of colonial Maryland; the Digges, Carroll, and Lee families. The home was originally believed to have been built by Ignatius Digges (1707–1785) c. 1750, and subsequently raised to its present two stories by his widow, Mary Carroll Digges, in about 1800. Recent dendrochronology performed on the roof rafters of Melwood Park suggest an earlier construction date. The confirmed felling date of the timbers used in construction of the roof date to the winter of 1713 and spring of 1714. At the time Melwood Park was owned by Henry Darnell Jr. (1682–1737) who owned an adjacent plantation known as His Lordship's Kindness. His father, Henry Darnall (1645–1711), had earlier built nearby "The Woodyard."
The original Melwood Park land patent was for of which half were eventually inherited by the Digges family. William Digges, who inherited half of the property purchased the half where the manor house was located in 1729. Ignatius Digges, son of William, inherited Melwood from his father in 1740. Ignatius Digges left the plantation to his wife, Mary Carroll Digges, who went on to live at Melwood Park for the next 40 years after his death in 1785. Ignatius Digges grandson Ignatius Digges Lee, son of his daughter Mary (1745–1805) who was wife of Maryland Governor Thomas Sim Lee (1745–1819), was scheduled to inherit Melwood Park, but predeceased his grandmother. Lee and his wife were buried at Melwood Park until moved to a nearby Catholic cemetery in 1888. Melwood Park was sold to William Pumphrey in about 1825, following the death of Mary.
Structure history.
Exterior.
The 1713–1714 dwelling was a timber framed structure approximately , 6 inches by , with an ell of equal size situated on the north side. This first dwelling was one and a half stories. This dwelling had an riven oak clapboard roof sheathing, a 17:12 pitched roof and likely clapboard siding. No drawings of the original structure have been located, nor are there references to this building in land records. However, the evidence of this original structure is present in the dwelling today.
Further dendrochronology performed in the roof structure indicated that significant changes were made to the building between 1767 and 1768. These changes include; extending the dwelling on the east by and on the west by , extending the loft to a full story across the south facade only, the addition of two outward flanking chimney stacks, encasing the south facing facade with brick nogging and a veneer brick, adding 16/16 common sliding sash windows of the first floor and 9/9 common sliding sash windows on the second floor. The veneer brick and addition of solid masonry were set in an artful Flemish bond pattern with glazed headers, queen course and oyster shell lime mortar with a grapevine joint. During this expansion it is assumed that the northward ell was not modified, however this portion of the building was removed in a subsequent renovation likely to have occurred circa 1897.
Interior.
The interiors of Melwood Park are as impressive as the exterior. The dining room was paneled wood from floor to ceiling, similar detailing is used throughout the dwelling. Recent paint analysis of the interior indicates that Ignatius Digges painted the renovated interior all one color, a rust red, common to the era with a high gloss varnished finish to aid in the reflectance of light. It appears likely that his wife Mary redecorated the interiors shortly after his death in 1785, completing her cosmetic changes sometime after 1800. Further paint analysis has revealed that the second finish applied to the wood work inside the dwelling was very bright and colorful. She appears to have chosen colors common to the wealthy of her day; Verdigris and Prussian blue among the color recently discovered. The Verdigris color in the central or entry hall of the house was applied in an unusual way, there are distinct layers, 7 to be exact, of color that is translucent. This was then covered with at least 3 layers of a translucent tinted varnish. The effect would have been magnificent and would today be very difficult to replicate. The Prussian blue seen in the east parlor (sometimes referred to as the dining room is dated to after 1800 due to the fact that a chemical which made the pigment more opaque was added to the paint, this chemical was not discovered or available in the United States until after 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="20024743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024743" title="The Beacon – Roces Tower">
The Beacon – Roces Tower

The Beacon – Roces Tower is a residential condominium skyscraper under construction in Makati City, Philippines, and has a height of 158 m (518.37 feet). It is the first of three towers, and part of The Beacon complex. The Beacon is being developed by Geo Estate Estate Development Corporation in cooperation with New Pacific Resources Management, Inc. Groundbreaking for the project was on January 28, 2008, while actual construction works for Roces Tower started on February 8, 2008. The building is expected to be opened by 2011.
No official height is announced, but Roces Tower will have 44 storeys above ground, and will have a sister twin tower, the Amorsolo Tower, which will have the same dimensions as the Roces Tower. Topping-off ceremonies was held last July 21, 2009.
The Project Team.
The Beacon, including Roces Tower, is owned and developed by Geo Estate Development Corporation and New Pacific Resources Management, Inc. It was designed by Arch. Albert S. Yulocal of architectural firm ASYA Design, an established design company who provided design to dozens of well known residential condominiums. Structural design and consultancy was provided by engineering firm Aromin & Sy + Associates, another established company responsible for structural design of major skyscrapers in the country. 
Construction and Project Management services is provided by Asian Technicon Managers & Consultants, Inc., while the general contractor for the project is EEI Corporation, one of the largest construction companies in the country. 
Other groups included in the design team are: Asuncion Berenguer Inc. (Interior Design); DL Lagman Engineering (Airconditioning & Ventilation Design); M.A. Alix & Partners (Electrical Design); Figueroa & Associates (Plumbing & Fire Protection Design); Dr. Salvador F. Reyes (Geotechnical & Soils); SMDI Consultants Inc. (Traffic Consultant); DCCD Engineering Corp. (Floor Study Consultant); and Meinhardt Philippines (Elevator Consultant).
Location.
The Beacon is located at the corner of Don Chino Roces and Antonio Arnaiz Avenues near the heart of Makati, and is just a few metres away from commercial establishments like Makati Cinema Square and Walter Mart - Makati; Don Bosco Parish and Don Bosco Technical Institute, Makati, and a few blocks away from the Makati Central Business District.

</doc>
<doc id="20024744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024744" title="A822 road">
A822 road

The A822 is a road which runs through Perthshire in Scotland. It runs from the A9 road at Greenloaning, and rejoins the A9 at Dunkeld. It goes through Crieff and intersects the A85 road and the A823 road to Dunfermline.

</doc>
<doc id="20024748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024748" title="Why Can't You Free Some Time">
Why Can't You Free Some Time

"Why Can't You Free Some Time" is the first and only single from U.S. DJ Armand Van Helden's fifth album, "Gandhi Khan".
Its sample of "Takin' the Time to Find" by Dave Mason was replayed in Calvin Harris' "Sweet Nothing".

</doc>
<doc id="20024749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024749" title="A823 road">
A823 road

The A823 is a road in Scotland which goes from south of Crieff to Dunfermline. It joins onto the A823(M) and the A822 which runs to Crieff.

</doc>
<doc id="20024754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024754" title="The Cut (play)">
The Cut (play)

The Cut is a 2006 theatre play by Mark Ravenhill. It is a dystopia that relates the life of Paul, a practitioner of a mysterious operation who is greatly disturbed by its practice. Main themes touch upon one's place in the society and the arbitrariness of governments policies which set up the norm against one's morale.
Plot summary.
As the play unravels, "the cut" is presented as a painful, immoral, controversial and ambiguous surgery, that cures a patient or victim from desire, or maybe even personality. It is apparently destined to dissidents and/or sick people but its virtues also make it attractive as a mean of freedom and salvation. The cut is pictured as a death of some sort, but leaving open to interpretation what part of the patient is dying.
In the first part, Paul is reluctant to administrate the cut to a willing patient, and in the course of his frustrations and failure to convince him otherwise, let explode his angst and impotency to commit suicide, confessing in particular his deficient relationship with his wife. In the second part, Paul is shown in the context that seems to put the most strain on him: his family life. We see him waiting for and having dinner with his wife, from whom he his holding secret—out of guilt—the real nature of his activities for the government. The two have a conversation that progresses from chit-chat to a maddening and humiliating confrontation. In the last part, Paul is in jail as a result of the cut being banished from a new Government, and is visited by his son, with whom he shares an equally emotionally disturbed and alienated conversation.

</doc>
<doc id="20024762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024762" title="Claydon (Suffolk) railway station">
Claydon (Suffolk) railway station

Claydon railway station was a station in Claydon, Suffolk. It closed to passengers in 1963. The goods facility for Blue Circle Cement, British Steel Piling and Kings Scrapyard was still staffed in the late 1970s with the staff working from the former up side station buildings.
History.
The station was opened on 30 November 1849 when the Ipswich and Bury Railway started operation. Initially opened for goods traffic, passenger services commenced on 23 December the same year. The station building was designed by Frederick Barnes who designed a number of stations along the route. It's design is similar to Elmswell railway station which is still extant today (2014).
At the west end of the station, which had two platforms, the line was crossed by the Ipswich to Stowmarket Road although that traffic is now carried on the A14, the level crossing is still quite busy with local traffic.
The Ipswich and Bury Railway was soon merged to become part of the Eastern Union Railway (with whom it shared a number of directors) and this was then taken over by the Eastern Union Railway in 1854. although these two companies did not formally merge until they amalgamated with other railways to form the Great Eastern Railway in 1862.
The Bradshaws Railway guide for July 1922 shows down services for Bury St Edmunds and Norwich (generally calling all stations) calling at Claydon. Up services generally terminated at Ipswich calling at Bramford.
In 1923 operation of the station became the responsibility of the London & North Eastern Railway following the 1923 grouping.
On 1 February 1941 the adjacent cement works (see section below) was bombed.
In 1948 following nationalization of Great Britain's railways operation of the station became the responsibility of British Railways.
The station was closed to passengers on 17 June 1963 and the goods yard was closed on 31 March 1971. The down side platforms and structures were demolished soon after closure to passengers to enable the railway layout in the cement factory to be extended. The main building on the upside survived until 1992 although it was demolished despite efforts to have it listed.
The signal box lasted until 1986 when following re-signalling of the main line, electrification and the replacement of the old level crossing barriers by new remote controlled barriers, it had become redundant.
Goods Sidings.
The station had a number of goods facilities. Behind the up platform (towards Ipswich and Liverpool Street) there was a railway owned goods yard which included a private coal siding operated by Ipswich Coal merchant Thomas Moy. A cement factory operated by George Mason & Co (sometimes referred to as Masons) was established in the 1913 on the down side of the station. It is unclear whether it was rail connected in 1913 but maps of 1926 show it was rail connected with rail traffic continuing until the closure of the factory in 1999. In 1948 operation of the factory was taken over by APCM (Blue Circle Cement). The company operated a number of quarries in the area which were served by narrow gauge railways.
On the west side of the level crossing on the down side of the line a second goods yard was established in the First World War (1916-1918) and there were used as a railhead for aviation fuel for nearby RAF Wattisham during the Second World War (1939-1945). Later a scrap yard operated at this location.
In 1921 on the down side of the line west of the crossing the Zenith Works of the British Steel Piling Co Ltd was established. Rail traffic lasted until 1973 with the connection being removed in 1976 although some track was extant in 1986.
About a mile west of the level crossing there is an active (in 2014) aggregates terminal on the up side of the line.
Re-opening?
Plans to redevelop one of the old cement factory quarries into an indoor ski resort called SnOasis have led to suggestions that the station may re-open although whether it will be in the same site due to its proximity to the level crossing is unknown. However there seems little evidence the project will go ahead in 2014 so it may be some years before the station is reopened.

</doc>
<doc id="20024764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024764" title="Endurocross">
Endurocross

Endurocross, indoor enduro or SuperEnduro, shortened Enduro-X or EX, is a hybrid motorcycle competition, a mix of supercross, trials, and enduro racing held indoors over obstacles resembling a trials track. Endurocross events are typically held in hockey or down-sized basketball arenas. Its main difference with supercross is in there being "hard rock sections" and wooden parts (resembling fallen trees) akin to enduro and technical 'trials' courses, rather than tarmac in between jumps. Tracks incorporate various elements of off-road riding, including rocks, boulders, logs, sand, mud, a water-hole and special obstacles (like giant tires). An endurocross course is much faster than a trials course and much slower than a supercross course.
History.
The indoor enduro debuted in 2000 as a support event to the Barcelona Trial Indoor. The hybrid sport expanded to other European cities in the 2000s. The FIM created the FIM Indoor Enduro World Cup, later named the FIM Indoor Enduro World Championship but now re-named to the FIM SuperEnduro World Championship, which despite the name has only been held in Europe until the 2013/14 season.
Endurocross in the United States was founded by Eric Peronnard, responsible for the US Open of Motocross and the Supercross Paris-Bercy. It was originally held as a one-off event called EnduroCross at the Orleans Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. The race was expanded into the AMA EnduroCross Championship in 2007.
An AMA EnduroCross round was added to the X Games Los Angeles for the 2011 and 2012 editions. In 2013, the four X Games summer games featured endurocross rounds, and did not award points for the AMA EnduroCross Championship. The X Games endurocross events are also organized by Peronnard.

</doc>
<doc id="20024770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024770" title="DHL Aviation">
DHL Aviation

DHL Aviation is a division of DHL Express (owned by Deutsche Post DHL) responsible for providing air transport capacity. It is not a single airline but refers to several airlines owned, co-owned or chartered by DHL Express. In 2009, Deutsche Post World Net rebranded to Deutsche Post DHL (DPDHL).
Overview.
Deutsche Post owns five main airlines, which provide services by region:
It also owns the following smaller airlines:
Deutsche Post also has stakes in the following airlines, some of which also operate under the DHL brand or livery:
Fleet.
DHL Express's global headquarters are part of the Deutsche Post headquarters in Bonn.

</doc>
<doc id="20024780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024780" title="The Beacon – Arnaiz Tower">
The Beacon – Arnaiz Tower

The Beacon – Arnaiz Tower is a residential condominium skyscraper under construction in Makati City, Philippines. It is the second of three towers, and part of The Beacon complex. The Beacon is being developed by Geo Estate Estate Development Corporation in cooperation with New Pacific Resources Management, Inc. Groundbreaking for the project was on January 28, 2008, while actual construction works for Arnaiz Tower started on May 14, 2008. The building is expected to be opened by 2011. 
No official height is announced, but Arnaiz Tower will have 50 storeys above ground, and will be taller than her two other sister towers, the Roces Tower and the Amorsolo Tower.
The Project Team.
The Beacon, including Arnaiz Tower, is owned and developed by Geo Estate Development Corporation and New Pacific Resources Management, Inc. It was designed by Arch. Albert S. Yulocal of architectural firm ASYA Design, an established design company who provided design to dozens of well known residential condominiums. Structural design and consultancy was provided by engineering firm Aromin & Sy + Associates, another established company responsible for structural design of major skyscrapers in the country. 
Construction and Project Management services is provided by Asian Technicon Managers & Consultants, Inc., while the general contractor for the project is EEI Corporation, one of the largest construction companies in the country. 
Other groups included in the design team are: Asuncion Berenguer Inc. (Interior Design); DL Lagman Engineering (Airconditioning & Ventilation Design); M.A. Alix & Partners (Electrical Design); Figueroa & Associates (Plumbing & Fire Protection Design); Dr. Salvador F. Reyes (Geotechnical & Soils); SMDI Consultants Inc. (Traffic Consultant); DCCD Engineering Corp. (Floor Study Consultant); and Meinhardt Philippines (Elevator Consultant).
Location.
The Beacon is located at the corner of Don Chino Roces and Antonio Arnaiz Avenues near the heart of Makati, and is just a few meters away from commercial establishments like Makati Cinema Square and Walter Mart - Makati; Don Bosco Parish and Don Bosco Technical Institute - Makati, and a few blocks away from the Makati Central Business District.

</doc>
<doc id="20024785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024785" title="Beatrice I, Abbess of Quedlinburg">
Beatrice I, Abbess of Quedlinburg

Beatrice I, also known as Beatrice of Franconia (; 1037 - 13 July 1061), was Abbess of Gandersheim Abbey from 1043 and Princess-Abbess of Quedlinburg Abbey from 1044 until her death.
Beatrix was born in Italy towards the end of 1037 as the only child of the Holy Roman Emperor Henry III and his first wife, Gunhilda of Denmark, who died about six months after Beatrice's birth.
Reign as princess-abbess.
Consecration.
On 14 January 1044, after the death of her kinswoman, Abbess Adelaide I, Beatrice was installed as Abbess of Gandersheim Abbey by her father, overriding the right of the canonesses to elect their own head. She was additionally consecrated Abbess of Quedlinburg on 24 June 1044 in Merseburg Cathedral, also succeeding Adelaide I, and a little later was created abbess of Vreden Abbey.
Conflicts.
In Gandersheim, she was at the centre of a long-running conflict with the canonesses, who accused her of subinfeudating estates of the abbey that were intended for the direct support of the community, and thereby bringing them into financial hardship. Three popes were involved in this affair, which went on for years: Leo IX decided initially in favour of the canonesses; Victor III reversed the decision in favour of the abbess. Finally, Stephen IX set out a compromise, at the end of 1057, which was apparently that the prebendal estates of the community were to be reserved for its upkeep, but that the abbess had the right to manage freely the remaining estates and her own properties as she saw fit.
Even this solution held only until the death of Beatrice; under her successor, her half-sister Adelaide II, the conflict broke out all over again.
Death.
Beatrice died on 13 July 1061. She was buried in the abbey church of Quedlinburg but her remains must have been removed elsewhere after the disastrous fire of 1070. A lead casket, which almost certainly contains the bones of Beatrice, has been preserved in Michaelstein Abbey since about 1161. In the crypt of the rebuilt church at Quedlinburg a tablet from the time of its rededication in 1129 serves as Beatrice's memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20024797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024797" title="Battle of Yering">
Battle of Yering

The Battle of Yering was a conflict between Indigenous Australians of the Wurundjeri nation and the Border Police which occurred on 13 January 1840, on the outskirts of Melbourne
Frontier Conflict.
The conflict arose after a quarrel between Wurundjeri-william people and settler, James Anderson, over the right to harvest a potato crop on Wurundjeri land at what is now known as Warrandyte. A stand-off occurred and the clansmen moved to William Ryrie’s Yering Station. Troopers of the Border Police led by Captain Henry Gisborne, who was Commissioner of Crown Lands, lured Jaga Jaga (Jacky-Jacky) and some of the Wurundjeri men to Yering station homestead where Jaga Jaga was captured and handcuffed. The other Wurundjeri men quickly retreated.
Wurundjeri men then approached the homestead with muskets and spears, whereupon Gisborne and his troopers mounted a counterattack, during which several shots were exchanged, the Wurundjeri choosing to retreat into the nearby billabongs. Having lured the troopers away as a diversion, other warriors approached the homestead and freed Jaga Jaga.
No white settlers or troopers were injured in the exchange, and injuries on the part of the Wurundjeri are unknown. Gisborne later wrote to Superintendent (later Governor) Charles La Trobe saying "I am unable to account for their never having hit us as they are capital marksmen". There was no investigation of the incident initiated, no charges laid, and the incident was passed over.
Jaga Jaga, was also known as "Bor-rer bor-rer" and was the nephew of Billibellary, a ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri people.
Commemoration.
On 13 January 2007 at the Yarra Flats Billabongs the Shire of Yarra Ranges with Murrundindi, ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri people, unveiled a historical plaque and pictograph commemorating the "Battle of Yering" 167 years previously. The plaques were organised by "The Friends of the Yarra Flats Billabongs" in conjunction with "Yarra Ranges Friends in Reconciliation" and "Nillumbik Reconciliation Group".

</doc>
<doc id="20024803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024803" title="Coming Soon (Latvian band)">
Coming Soon (Latvian band)

Coming Soon is a rock band hailing from Liepāja, Latvia. There are five members in the band: Uldis Kalns (vocal, guitar), Roberts Dinters (guitar), Kristofers Knesis (keyboards), Eriks Hanzovskis (drums) and Kristaps Leitis (bass).
Biography.
Coming Soon started as a band in 2005, when the guitarist Roberts Dinters and keyboardist Kristofers Knesis met. Soon, Karlis Peterlevics joined to play bass, and doing several auditions during 2006, the band chose Uldis Kalns to be the lead singer of the band and Janis Snipke to be the drummer. Coming Soon did their first concert on July 29 of 2006. In September band had a drummer change and it was joined by Eriks Hanzvoskis.
In March 2007, the band did a Take-Away Show video session. In April 2007, the band's second notable success - 2nd place out of 140 bands in the Draugiem.lv and Nokia powered NOKIA EXTREME ANDREJSALĀ contest. In November, band releases themselves their first single, called "Indians". They make a successful debut in Radio SWH, and climb up to 2nd place in 3 weeks, in "Priekšnams TOP 10", with "Indians". The song is also played in other radio stations across Latvia and Baltic States. In October Coming Soon makes a successful debut in Baltic New Music Chart, with "Indians", reaching the #1 spot in second week, but ending the season in 11th place. During the competition Coming Soon also visited another country for the first time. It was in Vilnius, Lithuania. On Latvia Independency Day, November 18, Coming Soon releases the highly anticipated second single, called "Nē!" ("No!" in Latvian).
In June 2008, Coming Soon makes a bass player change and are joined by Kristaps Leitis. During the band contest Soundwave, Uldis Kalns is labeled as one of the best rock music singers in Latvia. In October the music label Microphone Records releases Coming Soon's song "Pelēka Saule" ("Gray Sun" in Latvian).

</doc>
<doc id="20024809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024809" title="Dumper (Gobots)">
Dumper (Gobots)

Dumper is a fictional character in the Gobots toyline, and the subsequent "Challenge of the Gobots" cartoon. The character is a heroic Guardian transformed into a dump truck.
Gobots.
Dumper is friendly and turns into a dump truck.
Dumper was one of the names in a word find that had to be solved to win a copy of the "Challenge of the Gobots" video game from "Your Sinclair" magazine.
Reception.
Dumper was chosen as the 9th goofiest Gobot name by Topless Robot.
Animated series.
The Guardians set up a lab to test their power suits on Earth. Cy-Kill, Cop-Tur, Crasher, Geeper-Creeper, Pincher, and Snoop attacked the lab, but it was defended by Leader-1, Baron Von Joy, Blaster, Dozer, Dumper, Road Ranger, Scooter, Scratch and Turbo. Although the Guardians were winning the battle, an accidental backfire from Baron Von Joy's weapon allowed the Renegades to escape.
Books.
Dumper was featured in the 1986 children's book "Collision Course Comet - Robo Machine Featuring The Challenge Of Gobots" where he fought the Renegade Gobot Crasher.

</doc>
<doc id="20024821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024821" title="Nösnäsvallen">
Nösnäsvallen

Nösnäsvallen is a stadium in Stenungsund, Sweden. It is the home ground of the football team Stenungsunds IF. It is also usable for athletics.
t
The Swedish national football team trained at Nösnäsvallen before both World Cup 1990 and Euro 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20024827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024827" title="The Beacon – Amorsolo Tower">
The Beacon – Amorsolo Tower

The Beacon – Amorsolo Tower is a planned residential condominium skyscraper in Makati City, Philippines. It will be the last of three towers, and part of The Beacon complex. The Beacon is being developed by Geo Estate Estate Development Corporation in cooperation with New Pacific Resources Management, Inc. Groundbreaking for the project was on January 28, 2008, while actual construction works for Amorsolo Tower has not yet commenced. 
No official height is announced, but Amorsolo Tower will have the same dimensions as its twin, the 45-storey Roces Tower, which is already under construction.
The Project Team.
The Beacon, including Roces Tower, is owned and developed by Geo Estate Development Corporation and New Pacific Resources Management, Inc. It was designed by Arch. Albert S. Yulocal of architectural firm ASYA Design, an established design company who provided design to dozens of well known residential condominiums. Structural design and consultancy was provided by engineering firm Aromin & Sy + Associates, another established company responsible for structural design of major skyscrapers in the country. 
Construction and Project Management services is provided by Asian Technicon Managers & Consultants, Inc., while the general contractor for the project is EEI Corporation, one of the largest construction companies in the country. 
Other groups included in the design team are: Asuncion Berenguer Inc. (Interior Design); DL Lagman Engineering (Airconditioning & Ventilation Design); M.A. Alix & Partners (Electrical Design); Figueroa & Associates (Plumbing & Fire Protection Design); Dr. Salvador F. Reyes (Geotechnical & Soils); SMDI Consultants Inc. (Traffic Consultant); DCCD Engineering Corp. (Floor Study Consultant); and Meinhardt Philippines (Elevator Consultant).
Location.
The Beacon is located at the corner of Don Chino Roces and Antonio Arnaiz Avenues near the heart of Makati, and is just a few meters away from commercial establishments like Makati Cinema Square and Waltermart Makati; Don Bosco Parish and Don Bosco Technical Institute - Makati, and a few blocks away from the Makati Central Business District.

</doc>
