<doc id="20031307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031307" title="Patrick Moran (Irish republican)">
Patrick Moran (Irish republican)

Patrick Moran (13 March 1888 – 14 March 1921) was a grocer's assistant and member of the Irish Republican Army executed in Mountjoy Prison along with five other men on 14 March 1921.
Background.
Moran was born in Crossna, County Roscommon. He was the third of eleven children of Bartholemew and Brigid Moran and attended primary school in Crossna before going to work as a grocer's assistant in Boyle. In 1911 he settled in Dublin.
He was an active member of the G.A.A.. He was involved in the 1913 Dublin Lock-out. He was a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood and the Irish Volunteers. As Adjutant of D Company, 2nd Battalion of the Dublin section of the Volunteers he fought in the Jacob's Factory Garrison during the Easter Rising of 1916 under Thomas MacDonagh. In the aftermath of the Rising he was imprisoned at Knutsford Prison, Wormwood Scrubs and later at Frongoch. He was released in July 1916.
In 1917, he was a founder of the Irish National Union of Vintners, Grocers and Allied Trades. He went on to serve as the organisation's president and chairman of its Kingstown branch.
Arrest and detention.
After his release from internment he became a captain in 'D' Company of the 2nd Battalion, Dublin Brigade, IRA. He was arrested on two occasions in early 1920 before being rounded up after Bloody Sunday and charged with the murder of a member of the Cairo Gang of British intelligence agents.
While in detention at Arbour Hill Prison, he was identified as being one of a group of men who had killed Lieutenant Ames at 38 Mount Street, Dublin. Moran strongly protested his innocence of any involvement in Bloody Sunday. Indeed, he had a solid alibi since he was at Mass in Blackrock (over four miles from the scene of the shooting) at the time and seen there by several people including a member of the Dublin Metropolitan Police.
Conviction and execution.
Moran was tried the day following the break out in He was transferred from Arbour Hill to Kilmainham Jail and incarcerated in the so-called 'Murderers' Gallery', two cells away from Ernie O'Malley, with whom he became good friends. On 14 February 1921, Moran, O'Malley and Frank Teeling broke through the padlock on an outer gate of the prison. However Moran refused to take the opportunity to escape since he felt the authorities would interpret it as an admission of guilt, telling O'Malley "I don't want to let down the witnesses who gave evidence for me." Instead Moran started a concert to distract the guards while the men escaped, with Simon Donnelly taking Moran's place. The event is related in detail in O'Malley's memoir "On Another Man's Wound".
City Hall, Dame Street, Dublin. Despite the evidence of his innocence Moran was convicted of murder three days later and sentenced to be hanged on 14 March 1921. The Archbishop of Dublin spoke out against the sentence. The Irish National Union of Vintners' Grocers' & Allied Trades' Assistants, of which Moran had been an active member, called a half-day general strike on the morning of the executions and over 40,000 people gathered outside Mountjoy to pray for the six men who were hanged between 6am and 8pm.
Aftermath and reinterment.
In 1961 a park was opened in Moran's memory in Dún Laoghaire. In May 2012, the park was closed to the public as work commenced on the remvoal of the bowling green, and the construction of a library and cultural centre.
He is one of a group of men hanged in Mountjoy Prison in the period 1920-1921 commonly referred to as The Forgotten Ten. In 2001 he and the other nine, including Kevin Barry, were exhumed from their graves in the prison and given a full State Funeral. He is now buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin.
Bibliography.
O'Malley, Ernie : "On Another Man's Wound: A Personal History of Ireland's War of Independence" : 2002 : ISBN 978-1-58979-004-9

</doc>
<doc id="20031318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031318" title="Singrauli district">
Singrauli district

Singrauli district () is one of the districts in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
History.
Singrauli district came into existence on 24 May 2008, with its headquarters at Waidhan. It was formed by separating three tehsils of the erstwhile Sidhi district: Singrauli, Deosar and Chitrangi.
Geography.
Singrauli district covers an area of .
Divisions.
Singrauli district comprises three tehsils, namely, Singrauli, Deosar and Chitrangi.
There are three Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha constituencies in this district, namely, Chitrangi, Singrauli and Devsar. All of these are part of Sidhi Lok Sabha constituency
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Singrauli district has a population of 1,178,132, roughly equal to the nation of Timor-Leste or the US state of Rhode Island. This gives it a ranking of 402nd in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 28.03%. Singrauli has a sex ratio of 916 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 62.36%.
Economy.
The Rihand Dam was built in 1961 across the Rihand River at Pipri in the neighbouring district of Sonbhadra, in Uttar Pradesh. Later, rich coal deposits spread over an area of across the states of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh were discovered close to the artificial lake, Govind Ballabh Pant Sagar formed by the Rihand Dam. That lead to the transformation and development of the area.
Coal mining and power.
Northern Coalfields is the major business of the district. The headquarters of the company are at Singrauli. The company is a subsidiary of Coal India, which is the largest coal producing company in world.
The Singrauli Coalfield can be divided into two basins, viz. Moher sub-basin (312 km2.) and Singrauli Main basin (1890 km2.). The major part of the Moher sub-basin lies in the Sidhi district of Madhya Pradesh and a small part lies in the Sonebhadra district of Uttar Pradesh. Singrauli main basin lies in the western part of the coalfield and is largely unexplored. The present coal mining activities and future blocks are concentrated in Moher sub-basin. Lignite is the form of coal excavated from these coal mines. These coal mines are a hub for the Heavy Earth Moving Machines (HEMM).
The exploration carried out by GSI/NCDC/CMPDI has proved abundant resource of power grade coal in the area. This in conjunction with easy water resource from Govind Ballabh Pant Sagar makes this region an ideal location for high capacity pithead power plants. The coal supplies from NCL has made it possible to produce more than 11000 MW of electricity from pithead power plants of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (UPRVUNL) and Renupower division of M/s. Hindalco Industries. The region is now called the Power Capital of India. The ultimate capacity of power generation of these power plants is 13295 MW and NCL is fully prepared to meet the increased demand of coal for the purpose. In addition, NCL supplies coal to power plants of Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, Delhi Vidyut Board (DVB) and Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited.
NCL produces coal through mechanised opencast mines but its commitments towards environmental protection is total. It is one of very few companies engaged in mining activities, which has got ISO –14001 Certification for its environmental systems.
NCL, through its community development programmes, has significantly contributed towards improvement and development of the area. It is helping local tribal, non-tribal and project-affected persons in overall improvement of quality of their life through self-employments schemes, imparting education and providing health care.
Culture.
The famous temples of Singrauli are Hanuman Mandir of Jhingurdah, about 8 kilometres from the city and Jwala Mukhi about 15 km from Singrauli Rly. station. Other temples include Gayatri temple & Shiv Mandir, situated at Vindhyanagar, 15 km from Singrauli. Jagannath Temple, Jayant,is a famous Hindu shrine (Lord Jagannath). The most prominent festivals in this area are Durga pooja and Deepawali. In Hanuman mandir a grand mela (fair) is also organised. Nuri mosque at Waidhan is the biggest mosque around city.

</doc>
<doc id="20031326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031326" title="Antler Luggage">
Antler Luggage

Antler Luggage has been in the luxury travel luggage and holiday luggage business for over 90 years, with the company origins going back even further. The company is based in Kings Cross, London Kings cross.
History.
1865.
Antler Luggage started out with just a horse and a cart. In 1865, a man by the name of John Boultbee Brooks who was only 19 years old, left home with only £20. With his £20 is his pocket, Brooks bought himself a bicycle. Brooks, along with a few others, worked on a horse and discovered that the wooden saddle used to sit on is extremely uncomfortable. 
His father made leather saddles for horses so at a very young age, Brooks' father introduced him into the industry. Since he was young, Brooks was able to design and develop comfortable saddles, leather straps, and general leather goods from the leather in his father's workshop.
1870.
In 1870, Brooks had an innovative idea and crowned the title of adopting the new 'safety bicycle'. During this time the cycling industry was growing, only problem was that the paving on the streets and sidewalk were so terrible that the hard seats on the bicycles made it almost unbearable. Brooks came in to solve this problem where he invented and developed a new type of saddle for bicycles. His invention quickly spread throughout the world and was a success.
1914 - 1930.
In 1914, Brooks' son entered the market of manufacturing leather passenger luggage. His son's interest in wildlife helped influence the company name and brand symbol. Stag and Antlers logo was a stag's head with antlers. Hide luggage was made by placing the hide over a wooden frame, usually oak or mahogany, but in the 1930s Stag and Antler invented a new way to make luggage. They developed the first soft top suitcase, unlike any other.
World War II.
During World War II, Antler luggage shifted its focus from personal luggage to sturdy sacks used by soldiers and various military equipment to help in the war effort. However, after the war, Antler Luggage returned to manufacturing their signature luggage.
1950s.
Throughout the 1950s air travel began to boom. Antler Luggage began to develop products that would benefit these individuals who were traveling. Antler provided luggage for travelers. An ad campaign from 1954 shows that Antler Luggage were still using J.B Brooks & co Ltd. as their company name with Antler being used as the brand name for the suitcases. 
1960s.
In 1962, Antler moved locations. They moved from the Midlands to Norther Manchester, where they continue to manufacture still today. Due to high demand for their products, they had to branch out and set up sites in Mossley, Littleboroug and Exeter.
Around 1965, Antler luggage was employing approximately 400 workers and they were exporting their products across the world, namely Singapore and Japan.
2013.
In 2013, Antler underwent a dramatic transformation and re-located to Kings Cross, London. Fresh and contemporary, Antler’s new look is based on the flair and culture of British design.

</doc>
<doc id="20031328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031328" title="Roger Schjerva">
Roger Schjerva

Roger Schjerva (born 1968) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
Born in Oslo, he graduated as cand.oecon. from the University of Oslo in 2000. He started his political career as a secretary and advisor for his party.
When the second cabinet Stoltenberg assumed office following the 2005 election, he was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20031362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031362" title="Arthur McKean">
Arthur McKean

Arthur McKean was a politician and sports figure in the United States. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives while also acting as head college football coach at Geneva College.
Politics and law.
McKean was elected to the Pennsylvania Legislature as a Democrat in 1910. He also served various local political positions and maintained a law practice.
Coaching history.
McKean was named the sixth head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for five seasons, from 1907 until 1911. His coaching record at Geneva was 10 wins, 24 losses, and 7 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
15th at Geneva in total wins and 25th at Geneva in winning percentage (0.329).
McKean also played football at Geneva College when he was a student.
Under McKean, the Geneva College team decided to join forces with five other colleges to abolish the game of football if significant rules changes were not made to make the game safer.
He died at a hospital in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20031370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031370" title="Lalbandi">
Lalbandi

Lalbandi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal Census it had a population of 14583 people living in 3295 individual households.
The place is famous for tomato production in whole Nepal. Tomato and other green vegetables are the chief cash crop of this place along with paddy, wheat, maize and other crops. It is the fast developing VDC in Mid Terai region of Nepal. Bhudeo Khadya Udhyog, an subsidiary of Hulas Group is located here which is one of the biggest rice, pulse and flour manufacturing and packaging industryin Nepal.
Education
1. Janajyoti Higher secondary school 
2. Janajyoti Technical school
3. Janjyoti Multiple Campus1
4. Janaki Secondary Schoolclass 1
5. Ideal co-ed Academy
6. Everest Higher Secondary School
7. Divyajyoti English Boarding School and other several schools
Medical Facility
There is a Primary Health care (PHC) under a Medical Officer in the bank of Dumdume River which is now being upgraded as Hospital.There are several other private clinics, medicine stores and Nursing homes serving the people of Lalbandi and nearby places.
Dumdume River and Temple
The temple of Lord Shiva and the river is famous in nearby areas. People come here from surrounding areas in Maha Shivaratri, Bala Chaturdashi, Saune Sombar Chatt and other festivals.
References.
http://demo.via.net.np/epopinfo/vdcs/details/vdc/1351#tablewidget1

</doc>
<doc id="20031387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031387" title="American Newspaper Repository">
American Newspaper Repository

The American Newspaper Repository is a charity whose purpose is to collect and preserve original copies of American newspapers. It was founded in 1999 by the author Nicholson Baker when he learnt that the British Library was disposing of its collection of historic American newspapers. He cashed in his retirement fund to successfully bid for the collection at auction. With support from the Knight Foundation and MacArthur Foundation, the repository was established in an old mill building in New Hampshire. While serving as a director, Baker researched and wrote "Double Fold: Libraries and the Assault on Paper" about the way in which other library institutions were destroying rather than preserving such originals.
The collection was transferred to the care of the Rare Book, Manuscript, and Special Collections Library at Duke University in 2004.
Contents.
The contents include runs of over a hundred different periodicals from between 1852 and 2004 including:
In total, there are about six thousand bound volumes and eleven thousand individual and bundled items. These include first printings of work by numerous famous authors such as H. L. Mencken, Mark Twain, Dorothy Parker, Robert Frost and Rudyard Kipling. The collection is an excellent archive of high quality rotogravure photographs which appeared in these periodicals. Other unusual formats include the first crosswords, needlepoint patterns, sheet music and full color reproductions of paintings of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="20031402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031402" title="Mert Somay">
Mert Somay

He formerly played for Gaziosmanpaşaspor, Bakırköyspor and Kartalspor. Somay appeared in nine TFF First League matches for Kartalspor during the 2007-08 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20031414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031414" title="Patera clarki nantahala">
Patera clarki nantahala

Patera clarki nantahala, the noonday globe, is a subspecies of "Patera clarki", a land snail in the family Polygyridae. It is endemic to North Carolina in the United States.
The name "nantahala" is a Cherokee word which means noonday. This subspecies was given this name because the snail lives in a deep gorge where the sunshine does not reach the ground until the middle of the day.
Shell description.
The shell of the noonday globe snail is moderately sized (3/4 inch wide and 1/2 inch high) and globose in shape. The outer shell surface is shiny and reddish in color.
Shells of this subspecies often exhibit 5 and half whorls. The shell surface is sculptured with rather coarse lines. The area around the shell opening (aperture) is white, and a long curved "tooth" is located on the inside portion of the aperture.
The width of the shell is 18 mm. The height of the shell is 11 mm.
The body is black.
Distribution.
"Patera clarki nantahala" is endemic to North Carolina, where it is known only from the Nantahala Gorge in Swain County in the Appalachian Mountains. It occurs along about two miles of high cliffs on the eastern side of the gorge. 
This subspecies was probably never widely distributed. Its native habitat of steep wet slopes with calcareous rocks is rare in western North Carolina. It probably had a wider range before the gorge underwent the construction of a railroad and U.S. Route 19. Both of these projects altered the forest community along the river. The associated loss of the forest canopy allowed more sunlight to penetrate the gorge, drying the substrate on the lower slopes. This habitat alteration changed the floral and faunal assemblage, allowing non-native plants such as kudzu and Japanese honeysuckle to invade some roadside areas.
In an attempt to secure the snail's continued existence, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service added it as a threatened subspecies, to the Federal Endangered and Threatened Species List on July 3, 1978. It is a Federal offense punishable by as much as a $50,000 fine and one year in jail for taking a noonday snail.
Ecology.
Because this snail is so rare and restricted in distribution, very little is known of its biology.
Habitat.
This land snail is found in damp oak-hickory forest.
The cliffs in the Nantahala Gorge region are very wet, intersected by many small streams and waterfalls. The forest is mature, with many large trees and a diverse plant community. The forest floor has a thick, rich humus layer, and the area has many exposed limestone rocks. Calcium carbonate, which is generally scarce in other cliffs in the area, is vital to most snails, because it is a major component of their shells. The rich, moist calcareous soils, and the mature forest community are likely to account for the unusually wide variety of snails which inhabit the area; "Patera clarki nantahala" being found in association with 29 other snail species.
This subspecies appears to be most active during wet weather, when it is frequently found out on the surface of vegetation, rather than under the leaf litter on the forest floor.
Feeding habits.
The feeding habits of "P. clarki" are unknown, but other related species in the genus "Patera" feed on fungi, in particular the subsurface, hair-like mycelia.
Life cycle.
This subspecies' reproductive behavior is currently unknown.
Interspecific relationships.
Snails are usually exploited as a food source by other animals. A common carnivorous land snail, "Haplotrema concavum", was observed eating a noonday globe snail, and gnawed shells of the other subspecies of this snail, "Patera clarki clarki", have been found in the dens of small rodents.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text (a public domain work of the United States Government) from:

</doc>
<doc id="20031419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031419" title="Suntory Music Award">
Suntory Music Award

The , previously known as the , designed to promote Western music in Japan, has been given by the Suntory Music Foundation since their establishment in 1969. The award is presented annually to individuals or groups for the greatest achievement in the development of Western or contemporary music in Japan during the previous year.
The current prize is 7,000,000 yen (approximately US $70,000). A Suntory Music Award Commemorative Concert is held annually in Suntory Hall to introduce and popularize the work of the recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="20031420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031420" title="Phillip Henry Bridenbaugh">
Phillip Henry Bridenbaugh

Phillip Henry Bridenbaugh (May 1, 1890 – June 14, 1990) was an American football player, coach, and sports figure in the United States. Although he coached at the college level, he was most prominent for his success at the high school level.
Playing history.
Bridenbaugh enrolled at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster, Pennsylvania to graduate with a teaching degree in 1912. He played football, basketball, baseball, and participated in Track & Field—lettering in all four sports. The school later honored him by inducting him into their athletic hall of fame.
Coaching history.
Geneva College.
Bridenbaugh was the ninth head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for five seasons, from 1917 until 1921. His coaching record at Geneva was 23 wins, 12 losses, and 5 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him fifth at Geneva in total wins and ninth at Geneva in winning percentage (0.638).
High School coaching.
After leaving the college ranks, Bridenbaugh coached football for 34 years at New Castle High School in New Castle, Pennsylvania. Here his team accumulated a record of 265 wins, 65 losses, and 25 ties. This placed him among the best high school football coaches in the nation at the time, some say ranking him the fourth most successful coach at the time. He also coached other sports at the school. Part of his high school coaching success included a string of 43 consecutive wins across several seasons.
Grove City College.
Bridenbaugh rode into his retirement as an assistant football at Grove City College for nine years and retired in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20031430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031430" title="Amasa Holcomb">
Amasa Holcomb

Amasa Holcomb (1787 - 1875) was an American farmer, surveyor, civil engineer, businessman, and manufacturer of surveying instruments and telescopes.
Early life.
Holcomb grew up in Southwick, Massachusetts. There were no schools in his district, so he didn't have formal schooling, but gave himself an education. He studied books on geometry, navigation, optics and astronomy that were previously owned by his uncle Abijah, who was lost at sea. At fifteen years of age Holcomb became a tutor at a private school in Suffield, Connecticut, teaching college preparatory courses to students older than himself.
Mid life.
Holcomb went into the business of surveying land about 1808 since he was familiar with optics and associated equipment. For a while he also did private tutoring in the fields of surveying, optics, and astronomy. In the 1820s he manufactured many sets of surveyors' instruments. His buyers were his students as well as other civil engineers.
Holcomb wrote his own almanac in 1807 and 1808, when he was twenty-one years old, because he found Nehemiah Strong's almanac was in need of much improvement. It did not predict the 1806 solar eclipse that he viewed on January 4 of that year. Holcomb had made astronomical computations from the books he had on hand and predicted this eclipse himself. Holcomb observed the eclipse with instruments he had made himself.
Sometime around 1810 he decided to fabricate surveying instruments, selling chains, compasses, and small transit telescopes. He also fabricated for sale magnets, electrical apparatus and leveling instruments. He was quite successful in the surveying trade, however left it in 1825 and went into civil engineering.
Holcomb’s telescopes.
Holcomb fabricated the first telescopes manufactured in the United States. The first reflecting telescope Holcomb made to order was for John A. Fulton of Chillicothe, Ohio, about 1826. It was fourteen feet long with a ten-inch (254 mm) aperture with six eye pieces with a magnification of from 90 to 960 times. He fabricated and manufactured telescopes in earnest soon thereafter, probably around 1828, which marked the first such manufacturing business in the United States. He enjoyed making telescopes and at the beginning of his manufacturing venture he never thought of it ever becoming a profitable business, just a labor of love.
The telescopes he made were in four sizes: 
In 1830 Holcomb brought an achromatic telescope to Professor Benjamin Silliman at Yale University in New Haven. After inspection the professor ordered one for Yale University and published a notice of it in the "American Journal of Science". Around 1833 he began to get orders for his telescopes. Holcomb’s telescopes in 1834, 1835, and 1836 were inspected by a committee at the Franklin Institute of Philadelphia and granted awards for their outstanding workmanship. On the committee to examine his telescopes were Robert M. Patterson (director of the United States Mint), Alexander D. Bach (superintendent of the Coast survey), Dr Robert Hare (chemist), Sears Cook Walker, James Pollard Espy, and Isiah T. Lukens. In 1834, he was awarded the John Scott award, presented by the City of Philadelphia, under the recommendation of the Franklin Institute.
Holcomb's telescope fabricated in 1835 was the largest telescope in America in its day. Institutional customers of Holcomb’s were Brown University, Delaware College, and Williston Academy. A telescope of Holcomb's went to the East Indies and one to the Hawaiian Islands. Holcomb remained the only telescope maker in the United States until Henry Fitz and Alvan Clark began making refractor telescopes. Holcomb retired from telescope making in 1846.
Smithsonian.
Two telescopes manufactured by Holcomb were donated by Holcomb's descendants to the Smithsonian Institution in 1933. Until then they were in the attic of the family home in Southwick, Massachusetts.
Other aspects of his life.
In 1816 Holcomb was chosen a "father" in his town he lived in. He held a city office position there during four successive years and occasionally by subsequent elections. In 1832 he was chosen to represent the town in the Legislature of Massachusetts. In 1852 Holcomb was elected to the State senate.
He served three terms in the Massachusetts legislature, was a Justice of the Peace for the county of Hampden for over 50 years, and had been a Methodist minister since 1831, preaching until he was 80 years old. Holcomb was also a trustee of Wesleyan University. In 1837 he received from Williams College the Honorary degree of A.M. Holcomb died when he was 87 years old in March 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20031459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031459" title="Onions in the Stew">
Onions in the Stew

Onions in the Stew is the fourth in a series of humorous autobiographical books by Betty MacDonald about her life on Vashon Island with her second husband and daughters during the Second World War years. It was published in 1955 and a second edition in 1956.
Title.
The title comes from a quotation by Charles Divine (1889-1950) in his poem "At the Lavender Lantern":
"Some said it was Bohemia, this little haunt we knew<br>
When hearts were high and fortunes low, and onions in the stew"
Synopsis.
The book covers the period from 1942 to 1954. The book opens just after Pearl Harbor, divorced mother Betty was living with her two children, Anne (12) and Joan (11) in her mother's home, while working in the office of a building contractor. She met and married Donald MacDonald and they began searching for a home. Not being able to find a suitable house in Seattle or the mainland suburbs as a result of the wartime influx of population, they tried the local islands, finally finding a property on Vashon Island. The early part describes the problems of commuting from a home without a road. The children have the choice of the beach if the tide is low, or walk to a neighbours (who do have a road) to catch the school bus. The adults have to follow a muddy trail to catch a ferry, which is usually done at a rush. Their house was intended as a summer home, so as a result is cold in the winter, so priorities change. "Creosote logs" on the beach are highly prized. Stormy weather brings a "bark tide" of firewood which must be quickly gathered. Various neighbours provide help, hindrance or confusion. At the same time, there are quite poetic pieces on some of the joys of getting food from the sea and land, and domestic scenes of the girls going through adolescence.

</doc>
<doc id="20031464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031464" title="Monumentum">
Monumentum

Monumentum (often typeset as MonumentuM) are an Italian gothic metal band formed in 1987 by Roberto Mammarella, founder of Obscure Plasma Records (subsequently Avantgarde Music).
Biography.
Monumentum were formed in Milan in mid 1987 by guitarist Roberto Mammarella and bassist Anthony Duman, who recruited vocalist Mark Westfall and drummer Mox Cristadoro. Between December 1988 and April 1989, the band recorded and mixed the five-song demo "Musaeum Hermeticum", which was released as a limited edition cassette of 180 copies. Two tracks, "Nostalgia of the Infinite" and a cover of The Dead Relatives' "Nephtali", were selected by Obscure Plasma Records for a split single with the Greek black metal band Rotting Christ in 1991.
Following a brief split, Monumentum were picked up by the predominantly black metal Norwegian label Deathlike Silence Productions. However, before the proposed album could be released, DSP owner Øystein Aarseth was murdered, leaving the band label-less. The album, "In Absentia Christi", recorded and mixed between August 1994 and May 1995, finally saw the light of day through the British label Misanthropy Records. The recording line-up featured two vocalists, in the form of Andrea Zanetti (of Italian act Iconoclast) and Francesca Nicoli (of Ataraxia, alongside Mammarella ("strings, keys and vibas"), Cristadoro (drums) and Paolo Mauri ("samples, artistic production and wisdom"). The band claimed the album was influenced by the poets Iginio Ugo Tarchetti and Giacomo Leopardi, and included a cover of "Fade to Grey" by Visage. Activity from the band became sparse until reuniting to record "The Colour of Compassion" for Misanthropy's anti-censorship compilation "Presumed Guilty" (1998); the line-up for this consisted of Mammarella, Cristadoro, Federico Simonetta (bass) and Daniele Bovo (keyboards). Further compilation appearances included the Death SS tribute album "Beyond the Realm of Death SS", to which Monumentum contributed a cover of "Black & Violet". Line-up for this appearance consisted of Mammarella, Cristadoro, Bovo, Max Vaccaro (bass) and Jesuis Qui (vocals); the latter is Cornelius Brastad of Solefald.
Monumentum reunited in 2001 to record "Ad Nauseam" for Tatra Productions. The line-up had changed again; "Ad Nauseam" featured Mammarella, Andrea Bellucci on keyboards, Daniele Bovo on guitar and keyboards, Andrea Stefanelli (of Nuvula Neshua) and Alis Francesca Bos on vocals, Diego Danelli on bass and Elisa Carrera on drums, although the latter had to pull out mid-way through recording after getting pregnant.

</doc>
<doc id="20031465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031465" title="Håkon Gulbrandsen">
Håkon Gulbrandsen

Håkon Arald Gulbrandsen (born 15 March 1969) is a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Socialist Left Party.
Hailing from Halden, he graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Tromsø in 1995. He had chaired the county chapters of Socialist Youth in Østfold (1985–1988) and Troms (1990–1991). He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the term 1989–1993, and was a member of Halden city council from 1991 to 1995.
He worked as a consultant in the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs in 1995. In 1997 he began a career in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, climbing to the positions of embassy secretary in Damascus (1999–2002) and Pretoria (2006–2007).
In November 2007 he was appointed State Secretary to the Minister of International Development.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20031468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031468" title="Otis family">
Otis family

The Otis family is a Boston Brahmin family from Massachusetts best known for its involvement in early American politics. Originally landowning farmers of Glastonbury, Somerset, the Otises went to New England during the Puritan migration of the 1630s settling first in Hingham before finally moving to Barnstable. It was there that John Otis built a homestead that served many members of the family for generations. Although not much is known about John Otis, his son, John Otis (generally referred to as "Judge Otis") was the first of the family to rise to provincial eminence. Judge Otis held a variety of judicial and military appointments and represented Barnstable County for 20 successive years in the general court of Massachusetts Bay. In 1708, he was chosen a member of Her Majesty's Council (at the time, the highest position a native could achieve) and was annually reelected until his death in 1727. He left six children, of whom the following are descendants: 

</doc>
<doc id="20031472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031472" title="The Boy with the Thorn in His Side">
The Boy with the Thorn in His Side

The Boy with the Thorn in His Side may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20031479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031479" title="Poitiers FC">
Poitiers FC

Poitiers Football Club is a French football team based in the city of Poitiers, which was established in 1921. Stade Poitevin spend the 1995–96 season in Ligue 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20031487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031487" title="Thomas Whelan">
Thomas Whelan

Thomas Whelan (; 5 October 1898 - 14 March 1921) was one of six men executed in Mountjoy Prison, Dublin on 14 March 1921. He was 22 years old at the time of his death.
Background.
Whelan was born near Clifden, Co. Galway on 5 October 1898, the sixth child of thirteen. He attended Beleek and Clifden, before leaving school at 15 to work on his father's farm. Whelan moved to Dublin at the age of 18 to find work and joined the Irish Volunteers as a member of 'A' Company, 3rd Battalion, Dublin Brigade. He lived at Barrow Street, Ringsend, Dublin and worked at a train depot.
Arrest and execution.
He was arrested on 23 November 1920 and, on 1 February 1921, he was charged with the death by shooting of Captain G.T. Baggelly, an army prosecutor under the Restoration of Order in Ireland Regulations on Bloody Sunday (1920). Whelan was defended at his court martial by Michael Noyk, through whom he protested his innocence of the charges. As in the case of Patrick Moran, there was eye witness evidence that Whelan had been at Mass at the time the shooting took place. The prosecution cast doubt on the reliability of the eye witnesses, arguing that as Catholics they were not neutral. The defence complained that it was unfair to suggest the witnesses "were prepared to come up and perjure themselves on behalf of the prisoner", because "they belonged to a certain class and might hold certain political opinions". The court did, however, trust the evidence of an army officer who lived in the same house as Baggelly and who had idenfied Whelan as the man covering him with a revolver during the raid. There was also testimony by a soldier who had passed by the house when he heard shots fired. This witness said he saw Whelan outside, attempting to start his motorcycle. Whelan was found guilty of murder and sentenced to death. He was hanged at 6.00 am, along with Patrick Moran, the first of six men to be executed that day. A crowd estimated at 40,000 gathered outside the prison to pray as the executions took place.
Re-interment.
He was one of a group of men hanged in Mountjoy Prison in the period 1920-1921 which is commonly referred to as The Forgotten Ten. In 2001 he and the other nine, including Kevin Barry, were exhumed from their graves in the prison and given a full State Funeral. He is now buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20031500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031500" title="Lew Baker">
Lew Baker

Lewis "Lew" Baker (born c. 1825, date of death unknown) was a patrolman in the New York Police Department who was simultaneously employed as a "slugger" for Tammany Hall. He was involved in voter intimidation and election fraud during the 1840s and 50s. A close friend and associate of Irish mob boss John Morrissey, Baker frequently battled supporters of the nativist Know-Nothing movement for over a decade. He is most remembered however as the assassin of William "Bill the Butcher" Poole. Baker shot and killed Poole in a Broadway saloon during a brawl. Both Baker and Morrissey were placed on trial for murder, but were acquitted.
Biography.
Early life and Tammany Hall.
Born in 1825, Baker immigrated to the United States from Wales sometime around 1840 where he became an officer with the New York Police Department. It was during this time that he became acquainted with John Morrissey while he was an immigrant runner and later joined him as a "slugger" for Tammany Hall. He soon became involved in violent fighting against the many nativist organizations of the period, in particular, the Bowery Boys. In January 1855, Baker and Jim Turner entered "Platt's Hall" and became involved in a verbal altercation with prizefighter Tom Hyer ""calling the fighter vile names"". The argument escalated until Turner drew his pistol and shot Hyer in the neck. Hyer fired back but missed hitting the wall instead. Putting away his weapon, Hyer attacked his assailants and dragged Baker out into the street but the fight came to an end when a police officer arrived. The fight was broken up, but no charges were brought against the three.
Murder of William Poole.
On the night of February 25, 1855, Baker entered the Stanwix Hall saloon with Jim Turner and Paudeen McLaughlin to confront Poole having threatened Morrissey with a gun during an argument only hours before. Walking up to Poole, Baker spat in his face and then pulled a Colt revolver but accidentally shot himself in the arm as he stepped back to draw the weapon. Dropping to the floor, he did manage to fire a second shot hitting Poole in the leg and similarly incapacitating him. Both men eventually got up from the floor, however Baker managed to get to Poole first and pistol whipped him back to the ground. Baker then shot Poole twice, once in the stomach and the second in his chest, and left the saloon.
A second version according to retired police chief George W. Walling, Turner and McLaughlin had a more active role in the fight. It was McLaughlin, he claimed, who challenged Poole to a fight spitting in his face each time he refused. All three were reportedly drunk, Baker having recently been dismissed from the NYPD, and the still sober Poole was dismissive towards his taunts but offered $100 that he could beat any of the three men. Turner then pulled out a pistol to fire at Poole, using the hollow of his left arm as a rest, but instead shot himself in the arm. Like Baker, he was supposed to have fired the second shot that hit Poole in the leg. Poole then staggered towards Baker who drew his own revolver and shot him twice and leaving the bar.
Capture and trial.
By the time Poole died two weeks later, a massive search for Baker took place. Morressey and Dan Kerrigan were accused as accessories to the murder, the latter suspected of helping Baker escape the city, but neither men were ever indicted. Baker hid out in New Jersey for a time before fleeing the country altogether. Authorities managed to catch up to Baker, using the clipper yacht "Grapeshot" provided by George Law, and took him into custody less than 100 miles west of the Canary Islands; another version claims that he was captured after arriving at Tenerife with the police having arrived two hours ahead of Baker. Brought back to New York, Baker stood trial and twice appeared before the state supreme court before his acquittal by a Tammany Hall judge in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="20031511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031511" title="Airglades Airport">
Airglades Airport

Airglades Airport is a county-owned public-use airport in Hendry County, Florida, United States. It is located west of the central business district of Clewiston, Florida.
Overview.
The airport has a lighted 5950' runway (13-31) and ample aircraft tie-down space, Avfuel ® aviation and jet fuel, and repair facilities for visiting aircraft and locally-based aircraft owners. Unicom is on 123.05. Rental are available, as well as a local taxi service for easy travel aournd the area.
History.
In 1941, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill made an urgent appeal to the United States to provide war materials and pilot training for defense against a superior German air power which bombarded England during the Battle of Britain. Royal Air Force Cadets where unable to train in England because of horrible weather conditions and "…the Nazis had a nasty habit of shooting down anything that flew." 
President Franklin Roosevelt responded by implementing the Lend Lease Act, which called for the construction of six British Flying Training Schools California, Arizona, Oklahoma, Texas and the British Flying Training School (BFTS) #5 at Riddle Field near the town of Clewiston, Florida, which trained more than 1,700 cadets in the Royal Air Force. 
The airfield was opened on 12 November 1942 by the United States Army Air Forces. Assigned to USAAF Southeast Training Center (later Southeast Flying Training Command). It conducted contract basic flying training by Riddle-McKay Aero College, under the jurisdiction of the 75th Flying Training Detachment (Contract Pilot School) 
Daily life at Riddle Field consisted of basic flight training in the Stearman PT-17 to completion of the advanced course in the Harvard AT-6. The cadets also received extensive training in formation flying, acrobatic maneuvers, armaments and instrument navigation. More than 1,300 cadets earned their wings at Riddle Field and returned to England to face their two greatest enemies the Nazis and the weather.
Local volunteers established a Cadet Club in what was known as the Pioneer Building (on Ponce deLeon Street behind present day U.S. Sugar Corp.) where dances and games were provided. The Clewiston Inn also served as a meeting place for officers and cadets to socialize.
Inactivated 31 December 1945 with the drawdown of AAFTC's pilot training program and was declared surplus in 1946. Responsibility for it was given to the War Assets Administration (WAA) and the facility was eventually acquired by Hendry County. 
The present-day Airglades Airport was built after the war over the runways of Riddle Field. The buildings of the wartime field have been replaced by modern buildings, however the airfield is partially still in use. The No. 5 BFTS Association of former students continue their contact with the Clewiston community through periodic visits.

</doc>
<doc id="20031524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031524" title="Mebroot">
Mebroot

Mebroot is an MBR based rootkit used by some botnets including Torpig.
Firewall bypass.
The rootkit is able to hook to network drivers to bypass firewall.

</doc>
<doc id="20031543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031543" title="Sylvi Bratten">
Sylvi Bratten

Sylvi Annie Bratten (born 17 June 1973 in Tromsø) is a Norwegian politician representing the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Troms during the term 1993–1997. She later enrolled at the University of Oslo to study political science and arabic language.
Bratten started her political career as a secretary and advisor for the Socialist Left Party parliamentary group, and was deputy leader of the party chapter in Oslo. By fall 2005 she was a consultant at Hill & Knowlton's Oslo office. In January 2006 she was appointed political advisor to the Minister of Finance.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20031550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031550" title="John A. Fulton">
John A. Fulton

John A. Fulton (1769–1845) was a prominent local citizen of Chillicothe, Ohio. He was twice mayor in 1828-29 and 1831-32.
Fulton was a civil engineer and surveyor by education and trade. He did much of the original survey work in Ross County and surrounding counties. At the time it was the Virginia Military District, beginning in 1795 with Nathaniel Massie’s expedition.
Fulton taught school at the Chillicothe school district. He was interested in astronomy and owned two telescopes built for him by Amasa Holcomb. One of these Holcomb telescopes was willed to Chillicothe High School in the middle of the nineteenth century. It still had at least one of the lenses as a remaining part to the telescope until at least 1917. One of these two telescopes owned by Fulton made by Holcomb was the first reflecting telescope manufactured in America, however it is not known if this one was that particular telescope.

</doc>
<doc id="20031581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031581" title="Atle Eide">
Atle Eide

Atle Eide (born 1957) is a Norwegian businessperson, and since 2007 partner with HitecVision Private Equity.
Eide is a former board member of Fokus Bank, Acta, Cermaq and SalMar. From 2003 to 2007 he was chief executive officer of Marine Harvest.

</doc>
<doc id="20031597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031597" title="Gerhard Braunitzer">
Gerhard Braunitzer

Gerhard Braunitzer (24 September 1921 - 27 May 1989) was a German biochemist who was a pioneer in protein sequencing. He refined a method of C-terminal analysis that was used in early sequencing work, and he generated the first full sequence of a hemoglobin chain (β-hemoglobin). He worked at the Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry. Later in his career he was a significant researcher in the field of molecular evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20031599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031599" title="Bernard Cowey">
Bernard Cowey

Brigadier Bernard 'Bun' Cowey DSO, OBE (20 November 1911 – 20 August 1997) was an English rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales. Unlike most rugby internationals Cowey was most associated with the Army Rugby Union rather than club or county rugby. In his later life he became Chairman of the Army Rugby Union.
Rugby career.
Cowey was born in Tidworth, Wiltshire in 1911 but when he joined the British Armed Forces, he was posted in the Welch Regiment, traditionally the reserve of Welsh nationals. He played rugby while on duty, for his regiment and later played for the Army's own rugby team. Outside the army, Cowey played for two first class rugby union clubs' London Welsh and Newport. It was while playing with Newport that he was selected to play for Wales, after his service with the Welch Regiment made him eligible to represent his adoptive country.
Cowey's first cap was in the 1934 Home Nations Championship, where he was one of 13 new caps to be tested by Wales, in a match at the Cardiff Arms Park against England. Wales's inexperience showed and they lost 9-0. Although five of the players from that match were never selected for Wales again, Cowey wasn't amongst them, and returned for the next game against Scotland. The Scottish game was far more successful for Wales, with a strong performance from Cliff Jones. Cowey repaid the selectors trust in him with two tries in the Scotland match, and again in the last game of the tournament when he scored another against Ireland. Cowey's final game for Wales was during the 1935 Championship when he again faced England. Under the captaincy of Wilf Wooller, Wales drew the match after a late penalty goal from Boughton.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20031609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031609" title="Felix Wolfes">
Felix Wolfes

Felix Wolfes (Hannover, Germany, September 2, 1892 – Boston, March 28, 1971) was an American educator, conductor and composer.
Biography.
Felix was born to Jewish parents in Hannover, Germany. After graduating from high school, he attended the Leipzig Conservatory, where he studied music theory with Max Reger and piano with Robert Teichmüller. He also studied with Richard Strauss and later in Strasbourg with Hans Pfitzner. His conducting debut was in Breslau in 1923. He then worked as musical director and opera conductor in Essen (1924–31) and Dortmund (until 1933).
In Dortmund he had to leave his position in the spring of 1933 due to the Nazi rise to power. He emigrated first to France and later to the United States. He conducted the Monte Carlo opera in 1936 and 1937. While in France, he was also the teacher of composer Lukas Foss, who studied orchestration with him. 
In 1938 he moved to New York city, where he worked as an assistant conductor at the Metropolitan Opera, where he stayed until 1947. In 1948 he followed a call to the New England Conservatory in Boston, where he taught for two decades. He died in Boston, aged 78.
Musical compositions and editing.
Wolfes composed at least 140 songs that are published. Most were composed after he moved to Boston, but he continued to set German poetry. There are a few songs in English, however. As a disciple of Strauss and Pfitzner, Wolfes composed vocal works using similar complex rhythmic and harmonic materials. 
He was also highly skilled in editing and preparing the vocal scores for operas from the full orchestral score. Some of his important work in this area was for the Strauss opera "Arabella" and the Pfitzner opera "Palestrina". He also prepared vocal scores for Strauss's opera "Die schweigsame Frau" and Pfitzner's operas "Das Herz" and "Die Rose vom Liebesgarten".
Works.
Ausgewählte Lieder in 5 Bänden für Singstimme und Klavier ("Selected Songs in Five Volumes"), Mercury Music Corporation, New York 1962
"Volume I, songs for high voice"
"Volume II, songs for high voice"
"Volume III, songs for medium voice"
"Volume IV, songs for medium voice"
"Volume V, songs for low voice"
Selected Lieder, ed. John S. Bowman and Richard Aslanian, Theodore Presser Company, Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania
"Volume VI, songs for high voice", 1987
"Volume VII, songs for medium voice", 1987
"Volume VIII, songs for low voice", 1991
"Volume IX, songs for high voice", 1991
"Volume X, songs for medium voice", 1992
"Volume XI, songs for medium voice", 1992
"Volume XII, songs for high voice", 1996
"Volume XIII, settings of poems by Hermann Hesse", ed. Richard Aslanian, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20031621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031621" title="Verein Deutscher Rosenfreunde">
Verein Deutscher Rosenfreunde

Verein Deutscher Rosenfreunde - VDR (in English German Rose Society) is an association of rosarians. It was created in 1903 for the promotion of new cultivars, but was in 1934 under the Third Reich. The Union was reestabilished in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20031624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031624" title="Class 53">
Class 53

Class 53 may refer to:
See also 

</doc>
<doc id="20031629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031629" title="Shuhdi Atiya ash-Shafi">
Shuhdi Atiya ash-Shafi

Shudi Atiya ash-Shafi () was an Egyptian communist theoretician and activist. Ash-Shafi studied in Britain, and returned to Egypt in 1942 with a Master of Arts degree from Exeter College. After his return to Egypt he was employed at the Ministry of Education as an English-language supervisor. He joined the communist "Iskra" group, of which he became a prominent member. He went on to become director of the House of Scientific Research (a Marxist study centre set up by "Iskra") for a period. In 1947 he became editor of the newspaper of the group, "al-Jamahir". In the same year "Iskra" merged into the Democratic Movement for National Liberation (HADITU).
As HADITU passed through inner-party conflicts, ash-Shafi resigned from the movement towards the end of 1947. After leaving HADITU, ash-Shafi became an active advocate for greater unity in the Egyptian communist movement.
Ash-Shafi was arrested in a crackdown on leftist intellectuals, which had begun in January 1959. In 1960 he was beaten to death in the Abu Zabal prison camp.
Bibliography.
In 1957 a major work by authored by ash-Shafi was published, "Tatawarah al-harakah al-wataniyah al-misriyah, 1882-1956" ('Development of the Egyptian Nationalist Movement, 1882-1956'). It was republished in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20031645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031645" title="Museo de las Casas Reales">
Museo de las Casas Reales

The Museo de las Casas Reales is one of the important cultural monuments built during the colonial era in Hispanola, now the Dominican Republic. It is located in the Colonial district of Santo Domingo.
The building dates back to the sixteenth century, and was built to house the administrative offices of the Spanish colonies in the Americas. 
History.
The palace was built by orders of the Spanish Crown, represented by King Ferdinand II of Aragon, on October 5 of 1511 to house the main government offices of the colony in two interconnected buildings (hence the plural Casas Reales). In the first (South) section was the Royal Audiencia, the first court of the New World, as well as the office of the Comptroller General. The second (North) section was used by the successive Viceroys, Governors and Captains-General. 
The original architectural structure has undergone a number of changes through the country's history. In 1807, during the period of French sovereignty over the Eastern part of Hispaniola, French general Louis Ferrand gave the facade a classical architectural style. During the last year of government of President Carlos Felipe Morales, some changes were made to use the building as the Governmental Palace. The Presidency later moved to a mansion on the site of today's Palacio Nacional. During the government of Rafael Leónidas Trujillo other modifications were made in order to house government offices. Trujillo's office, and an extensive collection of arms and armor that he purchased, remain on display.
The building was later restored to its original 16th-century appearance and was established on October 18, 1973, during the administration of President Joaquín Balaguer, as a museum to highlight the history, life and customs of the inhabitants of the Spanish colony. However, it was not officially opened until May 31, 1976. Attending the opening ceremony was King Juan Carlos I of Spain. A self-guided tour giving a sequential history of the island includes a portable audio speaker that is available in various languages. It is currently one of the most visited sites in Santo Domingo.

</doc>
<doc id="20031646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031646" title="Erik Lahnstein">
Erik Lahnstein

Erik Lahnstein (born 15 June 1972) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
He was active in the Centre Youth from 1989, and was a board member of the Norwegian Children and Youth Council from 1991 to 1993. He took his education at the University of Oslo, with a cand.mag. degree in 1996, then a master's degree in 1997. He worked for the Norwegian Shipowners' Association from 1998 to 2005, then for Marut from September to October 2005.
When Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet assumed office following the 2005 election, he was appointed political advisor in the Ministry of Transport and Communications. In October 2007 he was promoted to State Secretary. After a period as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 2010 to 2012, he returned to the Ministry of Transport and Communications in 2012. Before the end of the year, he had transferred once again to the Office of the Prime Minister.
He is the son of former party leader Anne Enger Lahnstein, and nephew of Inger S. Enger.

</doc>
<doc id="20031660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031660" title="United Hebrew Congregation (Chesterfield, Missouri)">
United Hebrew Congregation (Chesterfield, Missouri)

The United Hebrew Congregation (or Congregation Achdut Yisroel) at 13788 Conway Road in St. Louis, Missouri is a Reform Jewish synagogue. It is the first Jewish Congregation established west of the Mississippi River.
History.
The United Hebrew Congregation formed on Rosh Hashannah, 1837 in St. Louis when ten members rented a room for services. There is a debate among historians regarding the exact year this minyan was organized.
Abraham Weigel, who was to become UHC’s first president, and Nathan Abeles, the first secretary, rented a room over a grocery and held the first minyan in St. Louis. Louis Bomeisler, a German from Philadelphia, probably conducted the first service in St. Louis for Rosh HaShanah on September 29. He proceeded to order a Torah, prayer books, and Taleisim for the new group. 
Twelve men met four years later at the Oracle Coffee House at 2nd and Locust to write the constitution for Achdut Yisrael, the United Hebrew Congregation. In 1841, a constitution was adopted and United Hebrew was formally founded, the first Jewish congregation west of the Mississippi.
United Hebrew established its first home in 1848 in the former North Baptist Church on Fifth Street near Green Street (now Broadway) between Washington and Lucas. 
In 1854, United Hebrew Congregation hired the first documented rabbi to serve in St. Louis, Rabbi Bernard Illowy. His term of service lasted about one year, and in 1856, he left for Syracuse.
In 1857, the congregation moved to a new building next to the Benton Public School on Sixth Street between Locust and St. Charles. The building was consecrated on June 17, 1859, with Rabbi M. J. Raphall of New York officiating. 
United Hebrew moved steadily westward, next to Twenty-first and Olive Streets in 1879, and then in 1903 into a remodeled Mount Cabanne Church at the southwest corner of Kingshighway and Von Versen (after 1917, Enright).
In 1927, the United Hebrew Congregation dedicated a new home at 225 S. Skinker. Designed by the architectural firm of Maritz and Young with consulting architect Gabriel Ferrand, the notable, Byzantine revival structure was said to be one of the three largest synagogues in the nation. The United Hebrew Congregation worshiped there for 62 years until 1989. An educational building, also designed by Maritz and Young, was added in the early 1950s. The Missouri Historical Society purchased the historic Skinker building in early 1989. It is now the Society's library and research center.
As its membership continued to move to the suburbs, United Hebrew Congregation purchased land at Conway and Woods Mill Roads in the West St. Louis County suburbs of Town and Country and Chesterfield, Missouri. The Religious and Hebrew schools began operating there in 1977. The administration and sanctuary moved to the Conway site after the construction (1986–1989) of a notable Pietro Belluschi building.
Present.
The United Hebrew Congregation is currently a member of the Union for Reform Judaism. It is the furthest west large reform congregation in Greater St. Louis. The congregation contains a Religious School, Hebrew School, Early Childhood Center, and Summer Camp. Programs include Youth (including a North American Federation of Temple Youth group called UHTYG, Adult Education, and Bible Study. The congregation is a member of the Synaplex initiative.
The Senior Rabbi is Rabbi Brigitte Rosenberg. Cantor Ronald Eichaker and Rabbi - Educator Roxanne Shapiro make up the rest of the clergy team. Rick Recht is the artist in residence. The Rabbi Emeritus is Howard Kaplansky. The Cantor Emeritus is Murray Hochberg.
Torah Scroll.
In 2006, United Hebrew Congregation commissioned a Torah to be written by a woman soferet. On September 9, 2007, the Torah was dedicated and Jen Taylor Friedman became the first woman known to have written a complete Torah scroll.

</doc>
<doc id="20031663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031663" title="Wooldridge Monuments">
Wooldridge Monuments

The Wooldridge Monuments are a series of historical monuments located in Maplewood Cemetery of Mayfield, Kentucky. They were built for Colonel Henry G. Wooldridge, to commemorate family members and other loved ones of his life, from 1892 until Wooldridge's death on May 30, 1899. Wooldridge is the only one buried at the site. The lot has been called "The Strange Procession Which Never Moves".
History.
In 1892, Wooldridge lost the last of his sisters, leaving him with no immediate family; he was a lifelong bachelor. This prompted him to buy a lot at Maplewood Cemetery.
The monuments were gaining attention even in Wooldridge's lifetime, as represented in the November 7, 1897 issue of "Republic". Stories told of the monuments include the Minnie statue actually representing a childhood sweetheart whose early death due to horse riding prompted Wooldridge's bachelorhood (family records say it was of a niece) and that Wooldridge was such a miser that money was buried with him in his tomb.
Description.
The total area of the monuments are . All eighteen monuments face east, like most of the gravestones in Maplewood Cemetery. The most prominent is a life-size likeness of Wooldridge himself, a marble statue in the center of the site, made in Italy. Fourteen other monuments surrounding Wooldridge are made of limestone, and have more rigid poses. The largest of these represent Wooldridge on his horse, named "Fop". The other limestone statues are tall on bases, and represent family members. Behind these are replicas of a fox, a deer, and two hounds chasing them; the dogs are unidentified on the statue but represent Wooldridge's dogs "Towhead" and "Bob". The statue makers, who hailed from Mayfield and Paducah, Kentucky, never before or after had a more "complex" or "ambitious" project.
The female statues represent Wooldridge's mother Keziah, his sisters Minerva, Narcissa, and Susan, and his nieces Maud and Minnie. The male statues that are not of Wooldridge are of his brothers Alfred, John, Josiah, and W.H. There is no statue depicting Wooldridge's father.
The fence around the lot was placed there by the Mayfield Masonic lodge, replacing the old iron fence. Wooldridge was a Freemason.
Modern times.
In September 1984 the monuments were featured on the TV show Ripley's Believe It or Not.
To gain access to the monuments, one must go through another item on the National Register to get there, the Confederate Memorial Gates in Mayfield.
On January 27, 2009, the monuments were damaged when a large tree in the cemetery fell as a result of an ice storm, breaking several of the heads. Only the statues of Wooldridge's sisters and a dog remained standing. City and County officials considered what to do to repair the damage to the monuments, one of the few tourist attractions for the city. 
Over the summer of 2010 all the monuments were restored on site by Monument Conservation Collaborative, a historic monument restoration firm based in Connecticut.
On October 21, 2010 there was an official rededication of the monument as over a year's worth of repairs have been completed and all the statues are back in place.

</doc>
<doc id="20031670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031670" title="Barry Clark">
Barry Clark

Barry Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20031674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031674" title="Joseph Barrell">
Joseph Barrell

Joseph Barrell (December 15, 1869 – May 4, 1919) was an American geologist who proposed that sedimentary rocks were produced by the action of rivers, winds, and ice (continental), as well as by marine sedimentation. He also independently arrived at the theory of stoping as a mechanism for igneous intrusion. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20031677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031677" title="Patrick Maher (Irish republican)">
Patrick Maher (Irish republican)

Patrick Maher (c.1889 – 7 June 1921) was a member of the Irish Republican Army executed in Mountjoy Prison. He was aged 32 and a native of Limerick.
Background.
Maher was hanged along with Edmond Foley for his alleged involvement in the rescue of Seán Hogan at Knocklong Railway Station on 13 May 1919 in which two policemen died.
Trial and Execution.
Unlike Foley, Maher had no direct involvement in the rescue. He merely worked at the station grading poultry and eggs and he was at a crossroads three miles away at the time of the ambush. Nonetheless he was convicted of involvement and sentenced to death.
In a final message to other members of the IRA, Foley and Maher wrote:
Reinterment.
He is one of a group of men hanged and buried in Mountjoy in the period 1920-21 commonly referred to as The Forgotten Ten. In 2001 Maher and the other nine, including Kevin Barry, were exhumed and given a full State funeral. He is the only one of the Ten not to be buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin. In accordance with his wishes and those of his family he is buried at Ballylanders, Co. Limerick.

</doc>
<doc id="20031684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031684" title="Arne Nore">
Arne Nore

Arne Kåre Nore (born 1946) is a Norwegian businessperson. He was the key architect behind the creation of Pan Fish, and was chief executive officer until 2003, when he was replaced by Atle Eide.

</doc>
<doc id="20031696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031696" title="Eriş Özkan">
Eriş Özkan

He formerly played for Kütahyaspor, Erzincanspor, Eskişehirspor, Kardemir D.Ç. Karabükspor, Şanlıurfa Belediyespor, Afyonkarahisarspor and Göztepe. He appeared in five TFF First League matches with Eskişehirspor during 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20031699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031699" title="Ilona Hlaváčková">
Ilona Hlaváčková

Ilona Hlaváčková (born March 15, 1977) is a backstroke swimmer and Olympian from the Czech Republic. She competed at the 2000 and 2004 Olympics.
At the 2001 Short Course European Championships, she set the then European records in the 50 m and 100 m backstroke (27.06 and 57.75).

</doc>
<doc id="20031729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031729" title="École nationale supérieure de chimie de Lille">
École nationale supérieure de chimie de Lille

The École nationale supérieure de chimie de Lille (ENSCL or Chimie Lille) was founded in 1894 as the Institut de chimie de Lille within the Université Lille Nord de France. 
It is located on the University campus referred-to as Campus Lille I - USTL.
It delivers engineering and research curricula (masters and doctoral studies) in the following chemistry area :
Masters and Specialized Mastères (MS).
Masters degrees are joint program cuuricula with Lille University of Science and Technology faculties and/or École centrale de Lille.
Doctoral studies and Research laboratories.
Research is associated with the Institut des molécules et de la matière condensée de Lille
of the Université Lille Nord de France (campus USTL Lille I) and is supported through the following laboratories :

</doc>
<doc id="20031735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031735" title="Stop (Ryan Adams song)">
Stop (Ryan Adams song)

"Stop" is a song by Ryan Adams and The Cardinals from their album "Cardinology". The track closes the album (excluding bonus tracks) and is concerned with the topic of substance abuse.
"Stop" is the only slow song on "Cardinology" and was featured on A&E's The Cleaner on September 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20031763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031763" title="Everglades Airpark">
Everglades Airpark

Everglades Airpark is a public-use airport located southwest of the central business district of the city of Everglades in Collier County, Florida, United States. The airport is publicly owned.

</doc>
<doc id="20031767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031767" title="Leigh Sinton">
Leigh Sinton

Leigh Sinton is a village in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England, and one of the constituent places of the civil parish of Leigh and Bransford. The parish lies on the A4103 Worcester to Hereford road, about 5 miles out of Worcester, whilst Malvern is also about 5 miles away. It encompasses three villages - Bransford, Leigh and Leigh Sinton - and the hamlets of Brockamin, Sandlin & Smith End Green and shares a common border with the parish of Malvern.It has a village pub, a small corner shop and a Chinese takeaway.
Agriculture.
Leigh Sinton is essentially a farming community currently with a focus on arable, fruit and Christmas trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20031825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031825" title="Cuties Island">
Cuties Island

Cuties Island (also known as Vincent Island) is a small island and ghost town off of the coast of Stamford, Fairfield County, Connecticut.
Background and history.
In 1945, a lawyer and sailor named Paul Hurlburt Smart (1915–1979) from Darien, Connecticut purchased the island. He began building a cottage, which was completed in 1950. Fishermen and campers would use the island regardless of not having Smart's permission. Smart spent several months away from the house, and it burned down in 1959. The island was sold to Paul and Diane Daddona in 1965.
The stone base of the house and several stone fireplaces that were inside the house still remains on the island to this day and can be accessed by a clear-watered beach on its north shore. Its south shore is very rocky and slippery, it is very easy to slip and not be able to get up. The island is located between Cove Island and Cummings Park both of which are in Stamford.

</doc>
<doc id="20031830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031830" title="The Blood Confession">
The Blood Confession

The Blood Confession is a 2006 historical fiction novel written by Alisa M. Libby. The novel is a revisionist telling of the legend of Countess Elizabeth Báthory, with elements of the fairy tale Snow White.
Plot.
The book follows the character of Countess Erzebet, a young noblewoman held prisoner while being charged with murder. As the book unfolds, Erzebet tells her life's story, from her ill-omened birth to the crimes she's charged with.
Reception.
"The Blood Confession" received a positive review from Strange Horizons, stating that while "first half of the book does wander... it is in its modern connotations that Libby's book really soars and disturbs". Kirkus Reviews praised "Libby’s combination of history, fairy tales and the Bible" but stated that it was "a conceptually interesting but sluggishly paced gothic horror". The Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books wrote that the book was "not for the faint of heart" and that "this first person narrative doesn’t leave out any of the gory details." The School Library Journal praised the book's characterizations while stating that the book's "depiction of Erzebet's descent into madness is overly lengthy".

</doc>
<doc id="20031848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031848" title="Korvald's Cabinet">
Korvald's Cabinet

Korvald's Cabinet governed Norway between 18 October 1972 and 16 October 1973. The center cabinet led by Lars Korvald and consisted of the Christian Democratic Party, the Centre Party and the Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20031849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031849" title="Fannie Heaslip Lea">
Fannie Heaslip Lea

Fannie Heaslip Lea (October 30, 1884 - January 13, 1955) was an American author and poet, best known for her poem "The Dead Faith".
Biography.
Fannie Heaslip Lea, the daughter of newspaperman James J. Lea and Margaret Heaslip, was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. After attending public schools in New Orleans, she matriculated to H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College in New Orleans, where she received a B.A. in 1904, and did graduate work in English at Tulane University in Louisiana for two years after.
Until her marriage in 1911, she wrote feature articles for New Orleans daily newspapers and short stories for magazines such as Harper's, a short story, "Little Anna and the Gentleman Adventurer", in the 1910 The Century Magazine and Woman's Home Companion. Afterwards, she moved with her husband, Hamilton Pope Agee, to Honolulu. Her first novel, "Quicksands", was published in this year. She continued to write through the birth of a daughter, Anne Worthen. She divorced Agee in 1926 and moved to New York, publishing 19 novels and more than 100 stories, poems, and essays in various newspapers and journals, until her death in 1955.
Lea wrote several plays. Her first, Round-About, was produced in 1929 by the New York Theatre Assembly.
Her papers are housed in the University of Oregon Library in Eugene, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20031853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031853" title="Waldorf Astoria Hotel &amp; Residences Philadelphia">
Waldorf Astoria Hotel &amp; Residences Philadelphia

Waldorf Astoria Hotel & Residences Philadelphia was a proposed skyscraper in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was to be built in the former One Meridian Plaza lot, half of which is now occupied by The Residences at The Ritz-Carlton. The project comprised a /58 floor tower located at 1441 Chestnut Street and was to be completed by Waldorf Astoria Philadelphia by the year 2012. This hotel would have been a property of the developing Waldorf=Astoria Collection, a luxury chain of hotels and resorts, owned by Hilton Hotels Corporation but the project was canceled and the lot was sold in 2010.
In its place, a new Starwood W Hotel and Element by Westin hotel has been secured approval, and construction is planned to start fall 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20031859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031859" title="The Death Row Sessions EP">
The Death Row Sessions EP

The Death Row Sessions EP is an unofficial bootleg EP/Compilation album by rapper/record producer DJ Quik (as David Blake), released in 2008.
The album contains unreleased material and recordings by DJ Quik.

</doc>
<doc id="20031870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031870" title="Hamilton High School (Bulawayo, Zimbabwe)">
Hamilton High School (Bulawayo, Zimbabwe)

Hamilton High School is a high school located in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. In 2003, it was rated by Africa Almanac as number 38 in the top 100 schools in Africa Also rated number four in the top 20 of Zimbabwean schools. It had a very strong old boys network. The Old Boys Association consists mostly of graduates up to the mid-1980s.
Founded in 1959, it had up until 1981 just three headmasters - 1959 to 1965 I.H. (Ian Hall) Grant 1966 to 1975 E.C.W. Silcock 1976 to 1981 JPB Armstrong.
It has produced luminaries on the sporting and academic field including Bruce Grobbelaar goalkeeper for Liverpool Football Club.
The situation in Zimbabwe and the lack of funding from the parents association and the government have meant that the school has fallen into disrepair.

</doc>
<doc id="20031877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031877" title="2008–09 Clausura Honduran Liga Nacional">
2008–09 Clausura Honduran Liga Nacional

The 2008–09 Clausura was the second part of the 2008–09 season of the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Honduras, the first division national football league in Honduras. The season started on 10 January 2009 and finished on 24 May 2009. It followed the 2008–09 Apertura season. The winner will compete in the 2009-10 CONCACAF Champions League.
Regular season.
Standings.
On 2 May, Honduras was awarded a 3rd spot in the 2009–2010 CONCACAF Champions League due to lack of adequate stadia in Belize. The 3rd spot would go to the short tournament runner-up with the highest overall season points total.
Because of Real Espana's overall season point total of 68 being highest in the league, they clinch a spot in the 2009–2010 CONCACAF Champions League. Already a runner-up from Apertura 2008, it is guaranteed that the Clausura 2009 runner-up would not have a higher overall season point total than Real Espana.
At this point, a bye to the Group Stage of the 09-10 CONCACAF CL is still up for grabs.
Final round.
Semifinals.
Olimpia clinches a spot in the 2009–2010 CONCACAF Champions League with their victory over Vida. An Olimpia victory in the Final would clinch a Group Stage bye for Marathon. A loss would give Real Espana the bye. Either way, the Honduran representatives for the 09-10 CONCACAF CL are Marathon, Real Espana and Olimpia.
2008–09 Clausura Champion.
Marathon is classified as HON1 for the CONCACAF Champions League 2009–10, due to their tiebreaker over Olimpia (higher goal differential since both teams had a total of 66 points). Olimpia gets HON2. Real Espana gets HON3, being the only runner-up to short tournaments in the 2008–2009 Honduran National Football League season.
2008–09 relegation table.
As of 2009-05-02

</doc>
<doc id="20031943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031943" title="Tor Olav Trøim">
Tor Olav Trøim

Tor Olav Trøim (born 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and engineer. He holds a number of executive and board positions in John Fredriksen-controlled companies, and is often described as his right hand. 
Mr. Trøim graduated as M.Sc. Naval Architect from the University of Trondheim, Norway in 1985. Mr. Trøim is a Norwegian citizen and is resident in the UK. His career includes Portfolio Manager Equity in Storebrand ASA (1987- 1990), CEO for the Norwegian Oil Company DNO AS (1992-1995).
Since 1995, Mr. Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers Management in Cyprus. He has in his function been central in taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets. In this function he has acted as CEO for the public companies Frontline Ltd (NYSE), Golar LNG Ltd (NASDAQ) and SeaDrill Ltd (OSE). Mr. Trøim is currently Chairman of Golar LNG Energy Ltd. and Independent Tanker Corporation Ltd. He is a board member in Seadrill, Seawell, Golden Ocean Ltd. and Marine Harvest ASA in addition to Chairman of the Board of Aktiv Kapital.
He has since 2004 been vice president of Golden Ocean Group and since 2001 of Golar LNG, as well as Knightsbridge Tankers Limited and Ship Finance International. He also sits on the board of Aktiv Kaptal and Marine Harvest.
Trøim graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology, Trondheim, in 1985 with a graduate marine engineering degree. He worked as a portfolio manager for Storebrand (1987–90) and later as CEO of DNO (1992–95). In 1995 he joined SeaTankers Management of Cyprus, when he became part of the John Fredriksen sphere, and became CEO of Frontline. He has also been CEO of Seadrill.

</doc>
<doc id="20031949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031949" title="Südbahn Class 23 (old)">
Südbahn Class 23 (old)

The steam locomotives of Südbahn Class 23 (old) were goods train engines worked by the Austrian Southern Railway ("österreichische Südbahn").
History.
The precursors to the Austrian Southern Railway had a very disparate fleet of goods locomotives.
The Southern Railway therefore had a six-coupled freight locomotive developed which was based the French "Bourbonnais" prototype.
This series was initially given the designation 23, but was reclassified to 29 in 1864.
The Lokomotivfabrik der StEG engine works delivered 20 units in 1860, which proved themselves so well that a total of 205 were built up to 1872 by this factory along with the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik and Maschinenfabrik Esslingen.
In the course of time there were naturally several modifications: in 1861 to the driver's cab, in the 1880s a vacuum brake with sound absorbers, new boilers, etc...
After nationalisation in 1924 the Federal Railway of Austria (BBÖ) took over 47 units, that were grouped into BBÖ Class 49. Yugoslavia designated the locomotives that it received as JŽ 124. In Hungary they became MÁV 332 and in Italy FS 193.
After the Second World War a few engines, classified by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG 53.7111–7116, remained in Austria. Of these, the ÖBB only took over number 153.7114 but withdrew her in 1953.
During the 1920s the BBÖ sold several engines to the GKB. One of them, number GKB 671, is still working today, albeit with some small modifications such as compressed-air brakes thanks to the work of the "Steirischen Eisenbahnfreunde" (Styrian Railway Society). Built in 1860, the Austrian-made Südbahn Class 23 (old) locomotive on the Graz-Köflach railway (GKB), is the longest serving steam engine in the world. It is frequently on duty and is used to haul steam specials.

</doc>
<doc id="20031951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031951" title="Guy Dollman">
Guy Dollman

Captain John Guy Dollman BA, FLS (1886–1942), known as Guy Dollman, was a British zoologist and taxonomist. Dollman's Tree Mouse and Dollman's Vlei Rat are named after him.
Life and work.
Elder son of the artist John Charles Dollman, Guy Dollman was born on 4 September 1886 and attended St Paul's School, winning a scholarship to study at St John's College Cambridge. In February 1907, while still a student, he was employed by the Department of Zoology at the British Museum (Natural History), where he spent most of his working life as Assistant Keeper of Mammals.
In 1912, on an expedition to Vietnam, he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur. He joined the British Army in 1915, and obtained a commission in the 19th London Regiment. He did not see active service abroad as he was injured in a bomb accident.
He returned to the museum in 1919. He was a member of the panel of advisers to the British delegation to the 1933 International Conference for the Preservation of the Flora and Fauna of Africa, said to have been "the high point of institutionalised global nature protection before the Second World War", and according to his obituary in The Times Dollman "had a decisive voice on the animal species to be scheduled for total or partial protection".
He travelled and wrote extensively with Walter Rothschild; their publications included "New mammals from Dutch New Guinea" (1932) and a study of tree kangaroos "The Genus Dendrolagus" (1936). He was also an accomplished artist, exhibiting pictures at the Royal Academy, and illustrated many of his own scientific writings.
Dollman died on 21 March 1942, aged 65.
Binomial authority.
Dollman is the binomial authority for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20031963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031963" title="Unmistakable">
Unmistakable

Unmistakable is the third studio album from Canadian country music artist Beverley Mahood. The album was released in Canada on November 18, 2008. The first single, "This Girl," was released to radio in May 2008. The third track, "Freckles," is a cover version of a Natasha Bedingfield song of the same name released on her album "Pocketful of Sunshine".

</doc>
<doc id="20031984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20031984" title="Reidsville High School">
Reidsville High School

Reidsville High School is located in Reidsville, North Carolina, United States.
History.
The school opened in 1960 as Reidsville Senior High School. In 1993, it merged with the other schools in Rockingham County, North Carolina to form Rockingham County Schools. In 1999, the name was changed to simply Reidsville High School.
36% of Reidsville High students are Caucasian or White; 51% are African-American; and 13% are of other ethnicities.
Its mascot is Ramsey the Ram.

</doc>
<doc id="20032003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032003" title="Gerald Maxwell">
Gerald Maxwell

Gerald Joseph Constable Maxwell MC DFC AFC (8 September 1895 – 18 December 1959) was a British Flying Ace in World War I credited with twenty-six victories.
Background.
Maxwell was born in Beauly near Inverness, Scotland, the nephew of Lord Lovat, notable for raising the Lovat Scouts in the Boer War. He was educated at Downside School.
Involvement in World War 1.
Maxwell was commissioned in the Lovat Scouts on 4 August 1914 and he fought at Gallipoli. He then served in Egypt before returning to the UK, where he transferred to the RFC in September 1916. Maxwell completed final pilot training at Central Flying School, Upavon and joined No. 56 Squadron in London Colney in March 1917. He was attached to 'A' Flight, commanded by Captain Albert Ball, flying SE5 aircraft. In April 1917, Maxwell's squadron was sent to France and he achieved a victory on his first patrol. Four days later he was hit by anti-aircraft fire and crashed unhurt.
On 26 July 1917 Maxwell was promoted to flight commander, by which time he had been credited with eight victories. He was awarded the MC on 18 October and was posted back to the UK. After instructing at the School of Aerial Fighting at Turnberry, he returned to 56 Squadron, where in six weeks he claimed six more victories.
His confirmed 26 victories consisted of 12 enemy aircraft destroyed (including two shared wins), and 14 "out of control" victories, six of which were shared. In scoring the shared victories, he teamed with such other aces as Cecil Lewis, Edric Broadberry, Charles Jeffs, and Cyril Crowe.
He resigned from the RAF in 1922 to become a director of Maxwell-Chrysler Motors.
Later Military Service.
He was called up in the next war, becoming station commander at RAF Ford from 1941 to 1945. Maxwell was a member of the Royal Company of Archers, a Knight of Malta and Privy Chamberlain of the Pope. He was also a Deputy Lieutenant for Hampshire.
Family life.
Maxwell married Carolyn Carden in 1920 and they had two sons and four daughters, one of the sons was killed flying in 1950 while with the RAF. Maxwell died at Alresford House, Old Alresford near Winchester on 18 December 1959 aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20032007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032007" title="Allan Rosenfield">
Allan Rosenfield

Allan Rosenfield (April 28, 1933 – October 12, 2008) was an advocate for women's health during the worldwide AIDS pandemic as dean of the Columbia Mailman School of Public Health.
Rosenfield was born in Brookline, Massachusetts on April 28, 1933. He received a B.A. in biochemistry from Harvard College in 1955. In 1959, he graduated from Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons with his M.D. degree.
After receiving his medical degree, he worked in Thailand with the Population Council in the 1960s, in a country with a severe lack of physicians and a 3.3% annual population growth rate, providing advise to the ministry of public health on reproductive, maternal and child health issues. The national family planning program Rosenfield helped develop trained auxiliary midwives to prescribe birth control. Thailand's annual population growth rate dropped to 0.8% by the year 2000. His work with the Population Council also took him to other countries in Asia and Africa, where he first realized the difficulties of lowering birthrates in poor countries. He was a leader in promoting the view that necessary steps for controlling population growth and achieving economic development were the provision of reproductive health programs and the raising of the status of women.
Columbia University hired him in 1975 as a professor of public health and obstetrics and gynecology, and as director of the university's new Center for Population and Family Health. In this role, he focused the Center both on efforts in establishing community-based programs in the Upper Manhattan surrounding the school and in programs with a global reach. Until he was appointed dean of the Mailman School of Public Health in 1986, Rosenfield worked on a hands-on basis on the programs he had initiated, including the clinics for adolescent men and women, and clinics in local intermediate and high schools.
In 1985, Rosenfield and Deborah Maine had the article "Maternal Mortality — A Neglected Tragedy: Where is the M in MCH?" published in "The Lancet", drawing attention to deaths of women in the third-world in pregnancy and childbirth. Efforts were made to improve access to health care for pregnant women in response to the article by international health groups. Rosenfield worked with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to create more than 85 "safe motherhood" programs worldwide.
In 2000, at the International AIDS Conference in Durban, South Africa, Rosenfield followed up on his calls for improved access to maternal care, leading to the creation of the MTCT-Plus Initiative to help prevent mother-to-child transmission of AIDS. By the time of his death, the initiative had brought comprehensive health care to hundreds of thousands of women and infants throughout the world.
Dr. Rosenfield was national chairman of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America in 1985 and 1986. He also served as chairman of the Program Board of the American Foundation for AIDS Research.
Dr. Rosenfield is an honorary member of the National Board of Public Health Examinersan entity that provides the first and only core certification for public health professionals and graduates of CEPH-accredited [http://www.ceph.org institutions.
The main building of the Mailman School of Public Health on West 168th Street was named for Rosenfield in 2006, with Columbia's president, Lee C. Bollinger, noting that "over the last three decades at Columbia, Allan has not only inspired and trained generations of public health leaders, he has helped define what a school of public health should be."
Rosenfield had been diagnosed with both amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and myasthenia gravis in 2005, two separate diseases that affect motor nerve functions. After receiving his diagnosis, tributes came from around the world, including a song dedication by Bono at a U2 concert.
Rosenfield died at age 75 on October 12, 2008 in his home in Hartsdale, New York of ALS, and was survived by his wife, son, and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20032024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032024" title="Independent Entertainment">
Independent Entertainment

Independent Entertainment is a record label owned and founded by Nigerian R&B singer Faze. Other than Faze, there are yet no other signed artiste to the record label though. Faze has showed interest in adding to the number signed artistes to the label as soon as his third studio album plies the way of success like his previous albums.
Discography.
Past releases.
Faze - "Independent" 
Faze - "Originality" 
Past Video releases.
Faze - "Kolomental Video" 
Future releases.
Faze - "Independent ReelMix" 

</doc>
<doc id="20032059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032059" title="Radio Éireann Players">
Radio Éireann Players

The Radio Éireann Players (RÉP) were a repertory company for radio in Ireland, formed in 1947, which performed in regular drama productions for Irish broadcaster, Radio Éireann. After the depredations of the war-time years and a devastating fire in the Abbey Theatre in 1951, the Radio Éireann Players' powerful weekly performances inspired interest in drama throughout the country. Their effect has been compared to an effort at national re-invention, in the same way that the national theatre fifty years earlier had been an attempt to redefine Irish identity.
History.
Under Director Dr. T. J. Kiernan (husband of Delia Murphy, appointed 1935), Radio Éireann had already started broadcasting plays from the Abbey and Peacock theatres in Dublin and the Taibhdhearc in Galway. Roibeard Ó Faracháin, a published poet, who set up the RÉP, became the first Radio Éireann Talks Officer in 1939 (his title changed to General Features Officer in 1945). In 1939 the station broadcast over 80 plays. During the Christmas holidays of 1942, Ó Faracháin drew up his plans to ensure the radio drama, as well as other radio activities, should be served by professionals. He also fostered Irish writers such as Kate O'Brien, Edna O'Brien, James Plunkett and Francis MacManus, among many others.
The formation of a full-time theatre company for a radio station was something new — no English-speaking country possessed one. Many questions were asked, including in the Dáil and Department of Finance, before the station won approval to establish the company. Micheál Ó hAodha became the company's first producer and Roibeárd Ó Faracháin with Ria Mooney of the Abbey recruited. All its members were from Ireland, many being native Irish speakers.
Founding actors.
The founding actors (plus three who joined the following year) were: Tom Studley, George Greene, Éamonn Kelly, Joe Lynch, Arthur O'Sullivan, Laurence O'Dea, Frank O'Dwyer, Christine Spencer, Ginette Waddell, Marie Mulvey, Gerard Healey, Leo Leyden, Charles McCarthy, Deirdre O'Meara, Una Collins, Seamus Forde, Charles Davis, Ronald Ibbs, Florence Lynch, Mairín Ní Shuilleabháin, Joseph O'Dea, Christopher Casson, John Stephenson and Aidan Grennell. These "temporary, unestablished Civil Servants" started work at the studios on 18 August 1947.
Dramatists.
Plays were written by writers such as Michael Farrell, Padraic Fallon, Benedict Kiely, Frank O'Connor and Seán Ó Faoláin. This was a convenient income for these writers during the hard economic times of the 1940s and 1950s and also provided them a large audience. Another contributor was Brendan Behan, who made his debut with two plays for radio. Between plays, the players acted in radio variety programmes and read pieces on the radio as necessary.
Prix Italia.
In 1961, the players performed "The Weaver's Grave". Adapted and produced by Mícheál Ó hAodha, it was written by Galway author Seamus O'Kelly, and won the coveted Prix Italia for Radio Drama. The cast was: Frank Dwyer (story-teller), Eamon Kelly (nailmaker), Thomas Studley (stone-breaker), Peggy Monahan (weaver's widow), Brendan Cauldwell (grave digger), Henry Comerford (grave digger), Arthur O'Sullivan (cooper), Maura O'Sullivan (weaver's daughter). The players also won this award in 1964.
Jacob's Award.
The players attracted international attention in 1982 when they broadcast an uninterrupted, unabridged, 30 hour dramatised performance of James Joyce's epic novel "Ulysses", to commemorate the centenary of the author's birth. The record-breaking marathon broadcast was carried by live relay internationally and won a Jacob's Broadcasting Award in recognition of its achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="20032060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032060" title="AeroLogic">
AeroLogic

AeroLogic GmbH, a joint-venture between DHL Express and Lufthansa Cargo, is a German cargo airline. Its network of international long haul flights is operated mostly on behalf of these two airlines out of the respective hubs at Leipzig/Halle Airport and Frankfurt Airport.
History.
The company was founded by Lufthansa and Deutsche Post (the owner of DHL Express) on 12 September 2007 as Blitz 07-343 GmbH. On 9 January 2008, the name was changed to AeroLogic. Flight operations were launched in 2009, following the delivery of its first aircraft (a Boeing 777 Freighter, making AeroLogic the first German operator of that type) on 12 May of that year. 
Destinations.
AeroLogic serves the following destinations (as of August 2013). Scheduled routes to Asia are operated on behalf of DHL Express; those to North America are contracted by Lufthansa Cargo.
Fleet.
As of August 2013, the AeroLogic fleet consists of eight Boeing 777 Freighter aircraft that were newly delivered to the airline in 2009 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20032076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032076" title="MS Nieuw Amsterdam">
MS Nieuw Amsterdam

MS "Nieuw Amsterdam" is a Signature class cruise ship for Holland America Line. "Nieuw Amsterdam" is the 81st ship to enter Holland America's service and the second largest Holland America ship to date.
Service History.
Holland America Line took the option on building this new sister ship for for the 2010 cruising season. She was completed and she sailed on her first set of sea trials on 16 May 2010.
The ship was christened by Princess Maxima of the Netherlands in Venice, Italy on July 4, 2010 before embarking on its maiden voyage from Venice on July 5, 2010. 
From April to October the ship visits the Mediterranean and from November to March the ship operates alternating western and eastern itineraries in the Caribbean.
Amenities.
New features on "Nieuw Amsterdam" include a Pan-Asian restaurant, an African-theme to the Explorer's Lounge, an Italian specialty restaurant and a redesigned atrium and show lounge. Ten cabins have floor-to-ceiling and wall-to-wall windows. Eighty-six percent of the cabins are on the outside, and 67 percent have balconies. It also has dynamic positioning abilities, and is powered by six diesel generators and propelled by Azipod propulsion technology like her older sister . In contrast to "Eurodam", "Nieuw Amsterdam" features full balconies in its Deck 11 "VQ" spa class staterooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20032081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032081" title="Les murailles de Samaris">
Les murailles de Samaris

Les murailles de Samaris is a graphic novel by Belgian comic artists François Schuiten and Benoît Peeters, the first volume of their ongoing "Les Cités Obscures" series. It was first published in serialized form in 1982 in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine "À Suivre" (#46-49), and as a complete volume first in 1983 by Casterman. In English, it was published as "The Great Walls of Samaris (Stories of the fantastic)" as a serial in "Heavy Metal" from October 1984 to March 1985, then in 1987 as a complete volume by NBM Publishing.
In 1988, Schuiten & Peeters took the opportunity of the second French edition to revise their story, adding more content to fit in better with their "Les Cités Obscures" series that had begun to develop in the years since the book's first publication, and slightly edited the ending for better continuity and logic to the story.

</doc>
<doc id="20032106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032106" title="Frozen Ones">
Frozen Ones

"Frozen Ones" was the single released by Ultravox!, although only in Germany. That was the definitive last single from "Ha!-Ha!-Ha!" album and, also, which featured original guitarist Stevie Shears, sacked off the band in early 1978.
"Frozen Ones" and "Man Who Dies Every Day" are another like-punk songs like the rest of the "Ha! Ha! Ha!" tracks, although the latter is a different version. Both were performed on the subsequent tour, and only "Man Who Dies Every Day" was performed live again during the 1978 and 1979 tour, before singer and frontman John Foxx left the band.
This version of "Man Who Dies Every Day" wasn't released on CD until 2006, when it appeared as bonus track of the reissue version of "Ha! Ha! Ha!".

</doc>
<doc id="20032129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032129" title="2008 Festival of World Cups">
2008 Festival of World Cups

The Festival of World Cups was a series of rugby league World Cups held in Australia during 2008. The Festival was being staged in Australia during 2008 to coincide with their Centenary of Rugby League celebrations. The centrepiece of the Festival was the men's 2008 Rugby League World Cup. In addition to this tournament, there were also world cups being held for University, Police, Women, Defence and Wheelchair teams.
The Universities tournament officially started the Festival. Colin Love, the Rugby League World Cup 2008 Tournament Director and RLIF Chairman, stated "The festival highlights how the World Cup is embracing the Rugby League community and acknowledging its wide-ranging affiliates", adding "It’s a great opportunity to showcase the broad appeal of the game internationally".
Festival schedule.
The Festival of World Cups included:
University.
The seventh University Rugby League World Cup was held in July, being the first of the six world cups to be held. The previous tournament was held in 2005 and won by New Zealand. The eight countries that took part were Australia, New Zealand, England, Greece, Scotland, Wales, France and Ireland. Australia defeated England in the final, while Greece won the plate competition.
Men.
The thirteenth Rugby League World Cup was held throughout October and November. Ten teams took part. Defending Champions and hosts Australia, New Zealand, England, France and Paupa New Guinea all qualified automatically, while Fiji, Tonga, Samoa, Ireland and Scotland all qualified through tournaments in 2006 and 2007. The final was held at Suncorp Stadium on the 22nd of November.
Police.
The inaugural International Police Rugby League World Cup was held during November alongside the Women's Rugby League World Cup at Stockland Park. The final was held as a curtain raiser to the first semi-final of the men's World Cup at Suncorp Stadium. AMP sponsored the event with organisers hoping would go towards the formation of an International Police Rugby League Federation.
Women.
The third Women's Rugby League World Cup was held at Stockland Park alongside the Police World Cup. Eight teams took part including defending champions New Zealand. The final was held at Suncorp Stadium on the 15th of November.
Defence.
The inaugural Defence Forces World Cup was held in Sydney with the final played at the Sydney Football Stadium as a curtain raiser to the second Semi Final of the Men's tournament. Five defence forces took part, New Zealand, Australia, Great Britain, Paupa New Guinea and the Cook Islands.
Wheelchair.
Four teams took part in the inaugural Wheelchair Rugby League World Cup which was held at indoor venues in Sydney. The four teams were France, Australia, England and a Barbarians V. New Zealand withdrew from the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20032150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032150" title="Quentin Fiore">
Quentin Fiore

Quentin Fiore (born 1920) is a graphic designer, who has worked mostly in books.
Having taken art lessons from renowned artists George Grosz and Hans Hofmann, Fiore later studied at the "New Bauhaus" in Chicago.
Book Designs.
Fiore is noted especially by his designs of the 1960s, where he mixed text and images, different sizes of type and other unconventional devices to create dynamic pages that reflected the tumultuous spirit of the time. In the words of critic Steven Heller, Fiore was "as anarchic as possible while still working within the constraints of bookmaking". 
Of particular interest are his collaborations with media theorist Marshall McLuhan, such as "The Medium is the Massage" (1967). Initiated by Fiore, the book has been described as the seed from which the idea that "consciousness can be affected by the knowing collision of verbal and visual information" sprouted. The style was pushed further in "DO IT!: Scenarios of the Revolution" (1970), the controversial yippie manifesto by social activist Jerry Rubin.
In 1968 "The Medium is the Massage" was made into an LP (Columbia, CS 9501, CL 2701), combining readings of excerpts of the book with musical samples and original musical accompaniments. In 1999, a remastered version was released in CD format by SME Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20032161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032161" title="Pasadena Short Line (Pacific Electric)">
Pasadena Short Line (Pacific Electric)

The Pasadena Short Line was a line of the Pacific Electric Railway, running from 1902 until 1951, between Downtown Los Angeles and Downtown Pasadena, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20032166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032166" title="Sheridan Tongue">
Sheridan Tongue

Sheridan Tongue is a BAFTA-nominated British television and film music composer. He has written and produced music for many television shows including the BBC's "Wonders of the Universe" and "Wonders of the Solar System", "Silent Witness" (Series 9 - 13) and "Spooks" (Series 3), the score for which achieved a BAFTA Television Craft nomination for "Best Original Television Music"; he has also engineered records for artists such as Blur, Beverly Knight and The Verve.
Early career.
After graduating in 1989 with a BMus in Music and Sound Recording from the Tonmeister course at the University of Surrey, Tongue spent several years working in many commercial studios around London as a programmer, engineer and songwriter for recording artists including Blur, Beverly Knight, The Verve and Jocelyn Brown before setting up as a freelance film and television composer.

</doc>
<doc id="20032179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032179" title="List of Latin Americans in the United Kingdom">
List of Latin Americans in the United Kingdom

This is a list of notable Latin Americans in the United Kingdom people, including British people of Latin American ancestry and Latin American-born immigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="20032180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032180" title="Sheila Cornell-Douty">
Sheila Cornell-Douty

Sheila Marie Cornell-Douty (born February 26, 1962 in Encino, California) is an American softball player and Olympic champion.
After graduating from UCLA she played for the Stratford Brakettes from 1988 through 1994. She also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta where she received a gold medal with the American team. She was also a member of the American gold winning team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. She was inducted into the National Softball Hall of Fame and Museum in 2006, and the International Softball Federation Hall of Fame in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20032189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032189" title="Edmond Foley">
Edmond Foley

Edmond Foley (1897 - 7 June 1921), sometimes known as Edmund or Edward, was a member of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) who was hanged in Mountjoy Prison on 7 June 1921. Together with nine other men executed by hanging during the War of Independence, he was one of The Forgotten Ten.
Background.
Foley was a native of Galbally, Co. Limerick and was 23 years of age at the time of his execution.
Arrest, trials and execution.
He had taken part in the rescue of IRA member Seán Hogan at Knocklong Railway Station on 13 May 1919 along with Sean Treacy, Séamus Robinson and Dan Breen in which two policemen died. Hogan had been captured a day earlier following the Soloheadbeg ambush. The beginning of the Irish War of Independence is generally traced to the events at Soloheadbeg. After going on the run for two weeks Foley was arrested and charged with the murder of the two men killed at Knocklong. Foley and another Volunteer Patrick Maher. were tried three times for these murders with juries failing to reach verdicts on two occasions. Their third trial was by court martial on the 15 March 1921 in Dublin and both were convicted of murder. Among the many who appealed for clemency was the father of one of the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC) men killed at Knocklong. Nonetheless, both Foley and Maher where hanged on 7 June 1921.
Reinterment.
Foley is one of a group of men hanged in Mountjoy Prison in the period 1920-1921 commonly referred to as The Forgotten Ten. In 2001 he and the other nine, including Kevin Barry, were exhumed from their graves in the prison and given a full State Funeral. He is now buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20032207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032207" title="Nutreco">
Nutreco

Nutreco N.V. is a Dutch producer of animal nutrition, fish feed and processed meat products. It has about 100 production facilities in more than 30 countries, and eight research centers. The company was founded in 1994 after a Cinven-backed management buyout of the feed and nutrition division of BP. Nutreco has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam since 1997 and is a constituent of the AMX index.

</doc>
<doc id="20032237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032237" title="August Ferdinand Mehren">
August Ferdinand Mehren

August Ferdinand Mehren (April 6, 1822 – 1907) was a Danish Orientalist and philologist who was a native of Helsingør.
He studied at the Universities of Copenhagen, Leipzig and Kiel, obtaining his doctorate in 1845. In Leipzig he was a student of Heinrich Leberecht Fleischer (1801-1888), and in Kiel he studied under Justus Olshausen (1800-1882). In 1854 he became a professor of Semitic languages at the University of Copenhagen.
In his academic work, Mehren largely focused on Arabic poetry and prose. In 1853 he published a major work on Arab rhetoric and linguistics titled "Die Rhetorik der Araber", and two decades later (1874), translated into French the cosmography of the Syrian geographer Muhammed al-Dimashqi (1256-1327) towards a book called "Manuel de la cosmographie du moyen age".
With Prof. Olshausen and Danish philologist Niels Ludvig Westergaard (1815-1878), he was responsible for cataloging Avestan manuscripts into a collection called "Codices Orientales Bibliothecae Regiae Havniensis". Towards the end of his career, Mehren published a handful of books involving the philosophical and mystical writings of Avicenna.

</doc>
<doc id="20032238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032238" title="Bangkok Hospital">
Bangkok Hospital

Bangkok Hospital is a hospital located in Bangkok, Thailand. It was opened in 1972 by a team of doctors, pharmacists and 30 nurses. Currently the hospital is one of the largest privately owned hospitals in Southeast Asia, and has grown to one of the most advanced hospitals in the world.
Bangkok Hospital Group is Thailand's largest hospital operator with 13 network locations.
In 2007, Group Chief Executive Officer of Bangkok Hospital Group Co.Ltd. Prasert Prasarttong-Osoth received from Kaewkwan Watcharoethai, the Royal Household Secretary-General, the royal warrant appointment to display the Garuda emblem.

</doc>
<doc id="20032241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032241" title="MediaGlobal">
MediaGlobal

MediaGlobal is a nonprofit news agency based at the United Nations in New York. MediaGlobal was launched in January 2006 to create awareness in the global media of issues impacting the global South.
History.
MediaGlobal was founded in 2006 by Executive Director Nosh Nalavala in response to an urgent need to increase awareness of the challenges facing the world’s poorest countries. In October 2006, MediaGlobal and the United Nations launched the Global Media Compact, of which the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is a signatory. 
At the launch of MediaGlobal, the United Nations envoy for Least Developed Countries (LDCs) Anwarul Karim Chowdhury said: 
"It is unfortunate that the voice of the LDCs continues to get marginalized There is, indeed, a need for increased focus on the everyday challenges facing millions of impoverished people in the LDCs. Their needs ought to be placed at the forefront of the global development agenda."
Global Media Compact Seven Point Programme.
In 2006, the Under-Secretary-General asked that major media companies commit themselves to expand public knowledge and understanding about the suffering of the Least Developed Countries, as defined by the United Nations Human Development Index. Specific efforts that media companies are encouraged to undertake include: 
- Alleviation of poverty, disease and hunger in poor and vulnerable countries as a vital corporate priority by media organizations;
- Feature stories on development issues in poor countries and devote adequate space for articles, editorial and advertising;
- Focus on issues of poverty, disease and hunger in poor countries and provide current coverage; 
- Report stories without bias or prejudice about these poor and vulnerable countries and deal with the constraints of these countries in a fair manner;
- Train reporters and correspondents to increase their knowledge of development issues and encourage them to report on human-interest stories;
- Support the development of films, documentaries, web sites and multi-media programmes related to poverty, disease and hunger initiatives;
- Newspapers, newswire agencies, broadcasters and networks make contents of development issues available to other media outlets without a rights fee.
The Global Media Compact will be a “network” of newspapers contributing to informed perceptions of these vulnerable countries to the rest of the world. MediaGlobal will work towards increasing the level of media participation and bring in media leaders to work towards this initiative.
The Compact is not a regulatory initiative. It relies on editors and broadcasters to recognize the constraints of poor people in vulnerable countries and give coverage in their respective media — print or electronic.
Work of MediaGlobal.
MediaGlobal publishes interview-based articles on its site http://mediaglobal.org. Its work generally falls within the categories: Economic Development, Global Health, Food Security, Climate Change, and South-South Cooperation. MediaGlobal also publishes the weekly newsletter This Week in Development on global development news, and the monthly publication South-South Voices.
See also.
UNDP
Human Development Index
Least Developed Countries
South-South Cooperation
Global South

</doc>
<doc id="20032253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032253" title="Waterman family">
Waterman family

The Watermans are a family of politicians from the United States. Below is a list of members:

</doc>
<doc id="20032263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032263" title="Pessimist – Live from Another Wasted Summer">
Pessimist – Live from Another Wasted Summer

Pessimist - Live From Another Wasted Summer, listed as Pessimist (live) - EP on iTunes, is a live single from the band TAT. These are the only publicly known live recordings of the band (so far). The CD is out of print in physical form and is relatively hard to find, although a digital download is available on iTunes.
Information.
All Tracks written by Tatiana DeMaria except:

</doc>
<doc id="20032269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032269" title="Stonewall Jets">
Stonewall Jets

The Stonewall Jets are a MMJHL hockey team that plays in Stonewall, Manitoba, Canada. They joined the MMJHL in 2001 after being in the MJBHL since 1964. Their first head coach in the MMJHL was Ed harvie. Their first general manager was Bill Smith. Their biggest rival is the Charleswood Hawks. The arena they play in is the Veterans Memorial Sports Complex which is also occupied by the Stonewall Rams, the Stonewall Flyers, and the Stonewall Blues. The Jets formerly played in the Ice Palace (Stonewall Arena).

</doc>
<doc id="20032279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032279" title="Left &amp; Right (song)">
Left &amp; Right (song)

"Left & Right" is the second single from neo soul musician D'Angelo's album "Voodoo". The song features guest vocals by rappers Method Man and Redman who also co-wrote the song. The music video was directed by Malik Sayeed.

</doc>
<doc id="20032293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032293" title="Monahans Sandhills State Park">
Monahans Sandhills State Park

The Monahans Sandhills State Park is a state park located in the southern Llano Estacado in Ward County and Winkler County, Texas. The closest major town is Monahans, Texas, and the closest limited-access highway ingress is Exit 86 on Interstate 20.
Features.
Monahans Sandhills State Park is noted for the presence of sand dunes up to high. Although desert-like, the Monahans Sandhills are not a desert; they are a part of a semi-arid ecosystem (average annual rainfall ) characterized by the presence of both groundwater and relatively nutrient-poor windblown sand. The Shinoak ("Quercus havardii") is a local climax shrub, an unusual type of oak tree which because of local conditions often achieves full growth of only in height. Most of a Shinoak's biomass exists in the form of a lengthy root system reaching down to groundwater. If a Monahans sand dune has become stabilized and has stopped blowing about in the wind, that is often because a small grove of Shinoaks have stabilized the dune with their extensive root systems. Despite the sterility of the landscape, various rodents are relatively common, and several packs of Sandhills coyotes feed upon them. 
Much of the Monahans Sandhills are privately owned property. The state of Texas is operating a 99-year lease with the Sealy-Smith Foundation for the ranch on which most of the land of the state park is located; the park opened to the public in 1957, and the state park has leasehold rights to this parcel of the sand hills until 2056. 
The Monahans Sandhills are part of the Permian Basin of hydrocarbon formations, and some oil production continues in and around the state park. 
Visitors practice several local forms of recreation at the Monahans Sandhills, such as sandboarding, 'sand football', 'sand surfing', and sand tobogganing. 

</doc>
<doc id="20032301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032301" title="Minnesota gubernatorial election, 2010">
Minnesota gubernatorial election, 2010

The 2010 Minnesota gubernatorial election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the 40th Governor of the U.S. state of Minnesota for a four-year term to begin in January 2011. The general election was contested by the major party candidates State Representative Tom Emmer (R-Delano), former Senator Mark Dayton (DFL), and Independence Party candidate Tom Horner. After a very close race, Dayton was elected Governor.
Background.
The 2010 gubernatorial election saw an exceptionally large field of candidates seeking endorsement from each party's respective convention. In the DFL and the Independence Parties there were protracted primary fights that extended into August. The state's three major parties participated in the general election along with four minor parties.
Republican primary.
After incumbent Governor Tim Pawlenty announced in June 2009 that he would not seek a third term, the field was open for Republicans to seek their party's endorsement. At the Minnesota GOP's off-year state convention in October 2009, former Representative Marty Seifert took first place in a straw poll with 37% of the vote. Representative Tom Emmer took second place with 23%, Patricia Anderson had 14%, and the rest of the participating candidates received less than 10% each.
Seifert had another victory in the February 2 precinct caucuses, winning a statewide straw poll of caucus attendees with 50% of the vote, followed by Emmer with 39%. None of the other candidates got beyond single digits. Delegates to the state convention, however, were more closely divided between Emmer and Seifert than the initial straw poll indicated. Both camps claimed a delegate lead throughout the process leading up to the state convention, but the outcome was uncertain and was ultimately decided on the convention floor.
On April 30, Emmer won the Republican endorsement at the party's state convention in Minneapolis. After Emmer won 56% of the vote on the second ballot, Seifert withdrew from the race and threw his support to Emmer. Emmer then chose Metropolitan Council member Annette Meeks as his running mate for lieutenant governor.
Emmer won the August 10 primary, earning a spot on the November ballot.
DFL primary.
The list of candidates seeking the DFL's nomination was long going into the February 2 caucuses, with over 11 candidates having submitted their names for the candidate preference ballot. Former U.S. Senator Mark Dayton notably declined to be included on the ballot. Minneapolis Mayor R. T. Rybak won the straw poll with 21.8% of the vote, with State House Speaker Margaret Anderson Kelliher receiving 20.1%, and "uncommitted" receiving 14.7%. The other each candidates received single-digit support.
Former State Senator Steve Kelley dropped out of the race after a disappointing result in the straw poll. State Senator Tom Bakk also dropped out on March 20 after announcing at the St. Louis County Convention that he believed his chances of winning were slim.
On April 24, the DFL State Convention was held in Duluth. State Senator John Marty withdrew from the race after seeing lower than expected support on the first ballot, and State Representative Tom Rukavina withdrew after the fourth ballot, endorsing Kelliher. State Representative Paul Thissen withdrew after the fifth ballot, and before the results of the sixth ballot were announced, Rybak withdrew as well, endorsing Kelliher. Kelliher was subsequently endorsed by the convention. Ramsey County Attorney Susan Gaertner, who had not sought the DFL endorsement but was planning to run in the primary, dropped out two days later. That left Kelliher facing Dayton and former State House Minority Leader Matt Entenza in the August primary.
Shortly after the end of the 2010 legislative term, all three major DFL candidates had announced their choices for lieutenant governor. On May 21, Kelliher announced that John Gunyou would be her running mate. Gunyou is Minnetonka City Manager and was state finance commissioner in Republican Governor Arne Carlson's administration. On May 24, Dayton announced that Yvonne Prettner Solon as his running mate. Solon is a psychologist and three-term state senator. On May 27, Entenza announced that Robyne Robinson as his running mate. Robinson is a small-business owner and former TV anchor.
Dayton narrowly defeated Kelliher in the August 10 primary, earning the right to serve as his party's nominee. He was formally endorsed by the DFL on August 21.
Results.
At 11:50 p.m. on primary night, Dayton took the lead from Kelliher, who had held an ever-shrinking lead since the polls closed.
Independence primary.
On Sunday, May 9, 2010, Tom Horner won the endorsement of the Independence Party for governor. His main opponent, Rob Hahn, said he would contest the primary.
Horner won the August 10 primary, defeating Hahn to earn a place on the November ballot.
General election.
Early polls showed Emmer even with his likely DFL opponents, with Horner trailing far behind, and a large percentage of voters undecided. As the race progressed, polls showed the candidates even, or Dayton with a small but significant lead. The nonpartisan "Cook Political Report", CQ Politics and pollster Rasmussen Reports rated the gubernatorial election a tossup, while "New York Times" political statistician Nate Silver gave Dayton an 86% chance of winning and Emmer 14%.
Dayton led Emmer at the close of balloting by 8770 votes (0.42%). The margin of victory was small enough to trigger an automatic recount under state law, but analysts generally thought it unlikely that Dayton's lead would be overturned.
Dayton became just the fourth victorious Minnesota Democrat to win a gubernatorial election with a Democrat in the White House in 28 cycles.
Ballot recount.
The recount was carried out by the Minnesota Secretary of State, Mark Ritchie, as part of a State Canvassing Board, which consists of the secretary of state, two justices of the Minnesota Supreme Court, and two judges of a Minnesota district court. The vote totals were not significantly changed, and Dayton was declared the governor-elect.

</doc>
<doc id="20032317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032317" title="CMPI">
CMPI

CMPI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20032318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032318" title="Saumarez Reefs">
Saumarez Reefs

Saumarez Reef is one of the southernmost reefs to be located in the Coral Sea Islands and part of the Coral Sea Shelf; it contains three main reefs and numerous smaller reefs all of which form a large crescent-shaped formation open to the northwest, about 27 by 14 km, area less than 300 km².
There are two sand cays: North East Cay and South West Cay.
The reefs were first seen on 27 of February 1823 by Lieutenant John Lihou aboard the vessel HMS "Zenobia" and named after Vice-Admiral of the United Kingdom James Saumarez, 1st Baron de Saumarez.
General.
The Saumarez Reef is located on the Coral Sea Shelf, 330 km North East of Gladstone, Queensland and are thus one of the closer coral sea islands as they are only located 85 km to the east of the Great Barrier Reef Swain Reefs and 95 km to the southwest of the Frederick Reefs. 
The Saumarez Reef consists of three main reefs and many smaller reefs that form a large crescent-shaped formation, measuring 39 km across, that is open to the northwest. There are two sand cays: North East Cay and South West Cay.
North East Cay (21°38'S., 153°46'E.), is the northernmost of the Saumarez Reefs. It is a small sand cay lying near the Northern extremity of Saumarez Reefs. This 2.4m high cay, which is enclosed by a coral reef has an opening on the South Western side. A light, is shown from the Northern edge of the cay. A clear channel, about 2.1 km wide, lies between Northeast Cay and the next reef to the South.
South East Elbow (21°55'S., 153°35'E.) is located about 36 km SSW of Northeast Cay, forms the South Eastern extremity of Saumarez Reefs. The Francis Preston Blair. An American Liberty ship is a conspicuous stranded wreck and lies about 9.4 km North East of South east Elbow. 
Three small reefs lie between 900m to 7.6 km WNW of Southeast Elbow. These small reefs are separated from each other by unsurveyed channels with widths of 900m to 2.2 km.
South West Cay (21°50'S., 153°30'E.), enclosed by a reef, 10.8 km NW of Southeast Elbow, is the westernmost above-water part of the Saumarez Reefs, and is 2.4m high. There is a channel, 4 km wide between the cay and the reef SSE.
History.
On 27 February 1823, Lieutenant John Lihou, then Master of "Zenobia", saw Sir JAMES SAUMAREZ' SHOAL (now Saumarez Reefs) and named the reef system after Saumarez. Lihou recorded the find as “it is in latitude 21 degrees 40 minutes, and longitude 153 degrees 46 minutes by chronometer, which was found correct on making Sandy Cape a day or two afterwards. There is reason to suppose that many other reefs exist to the North-West of this position.”
Lihou had just previously discovered Lihou Reef and Cays on 23 February 1823. "Zenobia", (built and launched 1807 with an armament 18 guns and retired from service in 1835), was on passage from Manila to South America and Lihou had chosen a route through Torres Strait. This was the first occasion a ship was navigated through Torres Strait from west to east. It was also the first occasion a ship was navigated through the Coral Sea from Torres Strait, south-eastward to the southward of New Caledonia.
The "Zenobia" entered Endeavour Strait in January 1823 and discovered a shallow port on the south coast of Prince of Wales Island, subsequently named Port Lihou. After a hazardous passage through the reef the ship departed the Great Barrier Reef via an opening near Murray Islands. On 23 February, Lihou Reefs were sighted and on the 27th of that month, other reefs were discovered and these Lihou named Sir James Saumarez Shoals (now Reef).
There is some thought that Saumarez Reefs could in fact be Midway Reef which had been sighted prior to the sailing of the "Zenobia" and described in an extract of a letter from Captain Carns, or the ship "Neptune", to the Secretary of the Marine Board, describing the reef discovered between New Holland and New Guinea.
Thinking it a duty I owe for the benefit of Navigators, I beg leave to acquaint you of the discovery I made between New Holland and New Guinea. On the 20th day of June last (1818), I took a good departure from Sandy Cape, New Holland, and steered a course to keep in mid-way, between the Great Barrier and Wreck Reefs On the following day at noon, saw sandbanks and small rocks- a-head, stretching as far to the Eastward as we could see from the masthead, and about five miles to the Westward, I immediately wore and run down to the Western extremity, and passed it within two miles longitude, by good timekeepers, 154° 20’ East, and latitude 21° 58’ South, and as the Western End of Wreck Reef is laid down in 155° 28’ East, I concluded it mull be a new discovery and called it Midway Reef; as it renders the navigation between the Great Barrier and Wreck Reefs very critical, I submit it to your consideration to give it such publicity as you may deem necessary I have, etc. R. CARNS
This is approximately the same latitude as Saumarez South East Elbow with a difference in the longitude of approximately 70 km (which for the time was still reasonably close to the mark) and seen almost five years prior to sighting by the "Zenobia".
Known Shipwrecks on the Reef.
"Noumea" May 1880.
13 May 1880 the “blackbirder” labour schooner "Noumea", on her return trip from Santa Island to Mackay, with ninety nine Islanders, including eight women, struck on Saumarez reef, on May 13, and became a total wreck. Seven of the Islanders were drowned in swimming off from the wreck to the boats, but the remainder, together with the crew, were rescued by the steamer "Leichhardt", sent to their assistance by the owner of the vessel
The schooner "Noumea" was a vessel of some 144 tons approximately 100foot and built at George's River New South Wales in 1873 by Geo and Registered (64437) and owned by Mr Paxton, of Mackay, and was about six years old Her captain (RJ Belbin) was formerly in command of the Lady Darling, and has bad an extensive experience in the South Sea Island labour trade the vessel had, we behave, been recently purchased by Mr. Paxton for £2600, and was on her first trading voyage between the South Sea Islands and Mackay She was insured in the Sydney office of the Australian Alliance Company 
Captain South, of the "Keilawarra", from Brisbane, reported when he arrived at Sea Hill on the morning of the 18 May of having picked up a boat containing Captain Belbin and six white sailors in great distress of the schooner Nouméa, which vessel had been wrecked on May 13 on Saumarez Reef, 
Captain South's report added that there were four white men (including the Government agent) and ninety-nine islanders still at the wreck and the reef, in need of immediate assistance, as they have no food to sustain them 
The captain left the vessel the day after she struck, and that, and as up to that time the crew had been unable to save any provisions from the wreck, it is feared the people left behind 
Mr WH Paxton, the owner of the Nouméa, arranged with the ASN Company for the Steamer "Leichhardt", to proceed to the wreck, and with instructions to bring the islanders from the wreck to Keppel Bay, where they are to be transshipped into the "Tinonee" for Mackay, which is their destination
The steamer "Leichhardt" had arrived at Keppel Bay on 21 May 1880 from the scene of the wreck of the schooner "Noumea" with the whole of the European crew of the vessel and ninety-three South Sea Islanders. Other islanders were drowned while endeavouring to swim from the wreck to the boats the day after the vessel struck. 
Several of the rescued islanders are very weak, but there was no sickness amongst them. The islanders proceed to Mackay in the "Tinonee". 
The Nouméa was bilged and dismasted, and a total wreck on the north-east point of Saumarez Reef.
The following narrative of one of the shipwrecked crew is Arthur William Munson, one of the crew of the captain's boat, gives us the. following short account of the wreck :-“We sailed about thirteen or fourteen days ago from the island of Santo, in the New Hebrides, bound for Mackay, with ninety-two South Sea Islanders on board as passengers. 
Everything went well till Thursday evening. I had finished my trick at the wheel about two hours before the accident; the course then was south-west half-west. At about half-past 7 in the evening the ship struck the reef, not heavily but grazing ; after that she struck heavier and then bounced right on to the reef high up. 
The captain at once got the starboard boat on deck, got her ready, and waited for daybreak. She was then launched over the starboard quarter with a crew consisting of the boatswain, four Kanakas, two black women, and a boy. The boat got through a break in the reef and lay under the lee of the reef on the other side. Then twenty-seven of the islanders took the water and swam through the reef to the boat ; but the boatswain could not take them all in, and I saw seven of them in the water when the boat left for the island or sandspit at the end of the reef. I am sure that of these at least five were drowned. 
In the meantime the port boat was launched over the starboard side. I was one of the crew. We took nine more islanders, including one woman, but could not succeed in landing her. I was swimming in the water nearly half-an-hour trying to land the woman, and at last they got her into the other boat. Only thirty-three islanders got out of the wreck, and when we came away in the captain's boat the rest of them were left on board. 
They had nothing to eat but bread damaged with salt water, and I don't know how they can have survived. The ship could not hold together long if it came on to blow. This is the second time within five months that I have been wrecked in these seas,"
"SS Francis Preston Blair" July 1945.
"SS Francis Preston Blair". American Liberty ship, 7196 tons. Built 1943 by the Marinship Corporation Yard at Sausalito, on the north west side of San Francisco Bay, which built a total of fifteen Liberty ships. Lbd 422.8 x 57 x 34.8 ft. Wrecked on the eastern edge of the Saumarez Reef in the Coral Sea, 15 July 1945. She was used on occasions as a target by the RAAF, which dropped practice and live bombs. Stranding occurred during a cyclone. An explosion hole in the starboard bow at the waterline has never been explained. 
VIDEO 1964

</doc>
<doc id="20032320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032320" title="Gymnastics at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's team">
Gymnastics at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's team

The men's team all-around event was part of the gymnastics programme at the 1932 Summer Olympics. It was one of eleven gymnastics events for men. It was the seventh appearance of the event, which was established in 1904. The competition was held from Monday, August 8, 1932 to Wednesday, August 10, 1932.
Twenty-four gymnasts from five nations competed.
Results.
An obligatory and a voluntary exercise was performed on every of the five different apparatuses: horizontal bar, parallel bars, pommel horse, flying rings (rings), and long horse vaulting (vault). The results based on points from the individual all-around. The best four individual total scores count towards team score.

</doc>
<doc id="20032331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032331" title="Bicester Rugby Club">
Bicester Rugby Club

Bicester Rugby Club is an English rugby union club situated in Bicester town; 10 miles away from Oxford.
The club competes from the Under 7 age up to the Under 12's (minis), from the Under 13's to the Under 18 colts (juniors) and then from their very own 3rd XV to Bicester's 1st XV, which participates in Berks/Bucks & Oxon Premier. Both Bicester's juniors and seniors play at the Bicester Rugby Club Ground located on Oxford Street whilst the Bicester Mini Rugby Club is located at the Bicester Sports Association (BSA) Ground on Akeman Street, Chesterton, only 5 minutes from the main Bicester Rugby Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20032352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032352" title="Timeline of the Irish Confederate Wars">
Timeline of the Irish Confederate Wars

Presented below is a chronology of the major events of the Irish Confederate Wars from 1641-1653. This conflict is also known as the Eleven years war. 
The conflict began with the Irish Rebellion of 1641 and ended with the English Parliamentarian Cromwellian conquest of Ireland (1649-53).
1642.
Rebellion breaks out in Clare and Limerick in the west and Antrim in the north.
1644.
Myles "the Slasher" O'Reilly.

</doc>
<doc id="20032353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032353" title="LNWR Claughton Class">
LNWR Claughton Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Claughton Class was a class of 4-cylinder express passenger 4-6-0 steam locomotives.
They were introduced in 1913, the first of the class No. 2222 was named in honour of Sir Gilbert Claughton, who was the Chairman of the LNWR at that time. A total of 130 were built, all at Crewe works up to 1921. Author Brian Reed points out that weight restrictions and equipment limitations at Crewe limited the size of the boiler, hence engine power. Cylinder design and valve events were not optimal, so the Claughton Class was a mediocre performer on the track. 
The LNWR reused numbers and names from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering was completely haphazard. An exception was made for the LNWR's war memorial engine, 1920 - built "Patriot", which acquired the number 1914 from a Renown Class locomotive. The LMS renumbered them into the more logical series 5900–6029, no. 1914 becoming 5964. Twenty were rebuilt by the LMS with larger boilers, and ten of these had Caprotti valve gear. Twelve others were rebuilt as the initial engines of the LMS Patriot Class, though not much material was reused.
From 1927 with the introduction of the LMS Royal Scot Class, the Claughtons' main work had been taken away and many were transferred to the Midland Division.
At the end of 1939, all but one, 6004, had been withdrawn. The Second World War caused such a motive power shortage however that 6004 soldiered on in terrible condition on local freight duties in the Wolverhampton area. Acquired by British Railways in 1948, it was allocated the BR number 46004 but was withdrawn in 1949 without it being applied. None was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20032391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032391" title="Lokomotivfabrik der StEG">
Lokomotivfabrik der StEG

In 1839 the Lokomotivfabrik der StEG became the first Austro-Hungarian locomotive works to be founded and it produced many influential locomotive designs.
The factory was built in 1839 by the Vienna-Raab Railway between the Vienna Südbahnhof and Vienna Ostbahnhof and stocked with machinery, much of which was from England. The first locomotives and coaches were built in 1840 based on American prototypes. These were also the first railway vehicles to be built in Austria. The manufacture of railway vehicles was difficult because at that time in Austria there were still no iron foundries and none of the workers had the training for this type of work.
One of the biggest influences on the development of locomotive construction in Austria was the first manager of the factory, John Haswell, who led it from 1840 to 1882.
In 1855, the factory went into the ownership of the "Staats-Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft" (State Railway Company) or "StEG" (full title: "k.k. landesbefugte Maschinen-Fabrik in Wien der privilegirten österreichisch-ungarischen Staats-Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft"), which had the factory expanded in size.
Amongst the trail-blazing locomotives, which this factory produced, was the first six-coupled locomotive on the continent, the "FAHRAFELD", the Semmering competition engine, "VINDOBONA", and the first eight-coupled locomotive, "WIEN-RAAB".
The company runs a subsidiary today in Romania's Reşiţa. Until 1918, however only 7 steam engines were built there.
Due mainly to the consequences of the First World War, there was only a low demand for locomotives within the reduced Austrian national territory. This was able to be compensated for a time by orders from abroad, nevertheless in 1930 the factory had to shut its gates. 

</doc>
<doc id="20032396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032396" title="Yves Eigenrauch">
Yves Eigenrauch

Yves Eigenrauch (born 24 April 1971) is a German former professional footballer, who played mainly as a right defender.
Football career.
He was born in Minden. After beginning his career with Arminia Bielefeld, Eigenrauch went on to spend twelve years with FC Schalke 04, being regularly used during nine of his first ten. He contributed with eight matches in the club's victorious UEFA Cup campaign in 1996–97.
After two injured-ravaged seasons from 2000–02 (no league matches in the latter season), Eigenrauch retired from the game, aged 30.

</doc>
<doc id="20032447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032447" title="Jewish Anti-Zionist League">
Jewish Anti-Zionist League

Jewish Anti-Zionist League (, , translit. "ar-rabita al-israiliya li-mukafahat as-sahyuniya") was a political organization in Egypt. The organization had branches in Alexandria and Cairo. The League conducted militant agitations in the Jewish neighbourhoods of Cairo.
The League was formed in the summer of 1946 by Jewish members of the underground communist "Iskra" movement. The founding Secretary of the Jewish Anti-Zionist League was Ezra Harari. Other members of the founding committee of the League were Marcel Israel, Edward Mataloun, Hanzin Kasfelt and Edward Levy. Immediately after the founding of the organization, the members of the founding committee were arrested. 
Communist-Zionist clashes in Dahir.
In April 1947 a violent clash erupted as between the League and Zionists, as disputes erupted over the election to the leadership in the Dahir Maccabi club. A slate of Zionist candidates won the election as result of manipulations and when the members of the Jewish Anti-Zionist League challenged the election outcome, the new club leadership called in police. In the clash, police forces sided with the Zionists and arrested the communists (considering the communists as a greater threat to public security than the Zionists). After the clash the communists reported the incident to the Wafdist newspaper "Sawt al-Ummah". 
On May 24, 1947, conflict again erupted at the Dahir Maccabi club, as Zionists refused the communists access to the building to celebrate May Day. Two days later another clash erupted at the club between Zionists and Jewish communists. Following these events, the League issued an editorial stating that Jewish schools were used for Zionist propaganda and that sports clubs used for Zionist organizing rather than sports activities.
Positions.
The ambitions of the Jewish Anti-Zionist League were twofold. On one hand, it sought to counter the Zionist influence within the Jewish community in Egypt. On the other hand, it sought to clarify to the Egyptian public that not all Jews were Zionists.
In May 1947, the League had published a declaration, distributed in French and Arabic, condemning Zionism as a tool for British imperialism and called for Jewish-Arab unity. The latter part of the declaration read
Jewish Men! Jewish Women!
Zionism wants to throw us into a dangerous and hopeless adventure. Zionism contributes to making Palestine uninhabitable. Zionism wants to isolate us from the Egyptian people. Zionism is the enemy of the Jewish people. 
Down with Zionism!
Long live the brotherhood of Jews and Arabs!
Long live the Egyptian people!
The League argued that displaced European Jews should be given the possibility to return to their home countries or third country of their choice, rather than sending them to Palestine.It also claimed that only an independent democratic Palestine would be able to break the bonds of colonialism and safeguard the Jewish people. The organization condemned Zionist terrorist activity in Palestine.
Banning.
In June 1947, the League was banned by the Egyptian Ministry for Social Affairs for "reasons of public security". Following the illegalization of the Jewish Anti-Zionist League, Harari founded the 'Forum Group'. The Forum Group was a Jewish anti-Zionist group within the Democratic Movement for National Liberation. According to contemporary British security reports, the Forum Group had a considerable following amongst the Jewish community in Cairo (Krämer does however question the accuracy of this estimate, stating that the group had a rather limited impact).

</doc>
<doc id="20032454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032454" title="Bokalce Castle">
Bokalce Castle

Bokalce Castle (, ) is a castle or mansion in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.
Name.
The estate was attested in written sources in 1548 as "Wokhauez" (and as "Bokaliz" in 1580, and "Wokhalez" in 1697). The modern Slovene name (a feminine plural) was originally an accusative plural form of the surname "Bokal". The origin of the surname is unknown. It could be the result of metathesis of the surname "Kobal", derived from Italian "Cavallo". It is also possible, but unlikely, that the name is derived from Slovene "bok" 'protected place, end of a hill, sharp slope', referring to the edge of Utik Hill. In the 19th century the German name was "Strobelhof", based on the name of the family that acquired the castle in the second half of the 17th century.
History.
The castle stands next to the Ljubljana ring road, next to the Gradaščica River. As early as the 12th century, the site was occupied by a fortification belonging to the noble Eghk family. From 1580 to the first half of the 17th century, the castle was owned by the Diennersberg family; from 1705 to 1809, both it and the surrounding estate belonged to the counts Lamberg.
In that year, Janez Nepomuk Lamberg divided the estate, selling one half to Sigmund Pagliaruzzi. The other half, including the castle itself, remained a Lamberg holding until 1817, when it was sold to Jožef Seunig. In 1899 the estate was reunited. As foreign-held property, the provisional government of Yugoslavia declared sequestration of the estate in 1919, lasting until 1924. After World War II, the castle was nationalized. It is currently rather badly decayed, and serves as an apartment building.

</doc>
<doc id="20032472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032472" title="Genesee Area Conference">
Genesee Area Conference

The Genesee Area Conference (GAC) is a high school sport league in Genesee County Michigan was original called the Genesee Eight Athletic Conference. Since 2002, the GAC operates with two divisions: Blue and Red.
History.
The Genesee Eight Athletic Conference began in 1978 with 3 high schools from the Genesee County B League and five from the Mid-Eastern Eight Conference. Beginning in 1999, the Conference renamed itself to Genesee Area Conference with the addition of Genesee High School bring up the number of High Schools to ten. The Genesee Wolves also took the Football championship that year. With the 2002 football season, the GAC split the Conference into two divisions (Blue and Red) of six high schools with the addition of Mt. Morris and Lakeville High Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20032482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032482" title="John McNally (musician)">
John McNally (musician)

John McNally (born 30 August 1941 in Walton, Liverpool, England) is an English guitarist and vocalist. He was one of the original founders of The Searchers in 1957, and is still with the band over 50 years later.
McNally started off playing skiffle and said that he was first influenced by country singers like Hank Williams, Johnny Cash, and Hank Snow but after playing at the Star-Club in Hamburg, Germany, and specifically, playing with Fats Domino at the club, his music took a different course towards Soul and Rhythm & Blues. 
McNally, with his band, The Searchers, like The Beatles, were instrumental with developing the Mersey sound. 

</doc>
<doc id="20032495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032495" title="Herbert Lütkebohmert">
Herbert Lütkebohmert

Herbert Lütkebohmert (24 March 1948 – 29 October 1993) was a German footballer who played for TSV Marl-Hüls, Schalke 04 and 1. FC Bocholt.

</doc>
<doc id="20032502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032502" title="Paweł Wojciechowski (footballer born 1990)">
Paweł Wojciechowski (footballer born 1990)

Paweł Wojciechowski (; born April 29, 1990) is a Polish footballer playing for Zawisza Bydgoszcz. From 2008-10, he played for Dutch club SC Heerenveen and for Willem II from 2010 until June 2012. He also plays for the Poland U19 youth team.
In February 2008, Promień Opalenica loaned him out to Heerenveen with a buy option. In late May, the Dutch club decided to sign him permanently. Wojciechowski made his first appearance in the Eredivisie against AZ Alkmaar on November 1, 2008, marking his debut with a goal. In May 2010, he was offered a two-year extension, on the condition that he spend the following season on loan at FC Emmen in the Dutch second division. Wojciechowski turned down the proposal.
In July 2010, he joined Eredivisie side Willem II on a free transfer, signing a two-year contract. He sustained a serious knee injury in a pre-season match.

</doc>
<doc id="20032503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032503" title="Jack Sack">
Jack Sack

Jack Sack (Born Jacob Bernard Sacklowsky) was an American football player and coach in the United States. Sack was a college football player and coach who also played professional football.
Playing history.
University of Pittsburgh.
After playing in high school in Pittsburgh, Sack attended the University of Pittsburgh where he played for the 1920 until 1922. Sack was named Walter Camp All-America honorable mention and New York Times All-East honorable mention.
Columbus Tigers.
Sack made his professional debut in the NFL in 1923 with the Columbus Tigers. He played in the NFL for 1 year, playing for the Tigers the entire time.
Canton Bulldogs.
In 1926, Sack signed on with the Canton Bulldogs where he played under future Hall of Fame coach Pete Henry.
Cleveland Panthers.
Sack also played in the 1926 organization of the American Football League for 1 year with the Cleveland Panthers the entire time. He played this one season the same time he was signed on with the Canton Bulldogs.
Coaching history.
Sack was the 12th head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for the 1924 season. His coaching record at Geneva was 3 wins, 4 losses, and 2 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 25th at Geneva in total wins and 18th at Geneva in winning percentage (0.444).

</doc>
<doc id="20032519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032519" title="James Johnson (Bishop of Worcester)">
James Johnson (Bishop of Worcester)

Rt. Rev. James Johnson DD (1705–1774) was an English prelate, successively Bishop of Gloucester (1752–59) and of Worcester (1759–74).
Life.
James Johnson was born in Melford, Suffolk, to the Rev. James Johnson and Anne Cuthbert. His grandfather was George Johnson, a Judge and Councilor of Charles II. He was educated at Westminster School in London and became a King's Scholar before matriculating to Christ Church, Oxford. He became Second Master of Westminster School and held the rectory of Berkhampstead, Hertfordshire. 
He became a chaplain to George II and canon residentiary of St. Paul's Cathedral. In 1752 he was consecrated Bishop of Gloucester but was quickly embroiled in a scandal involving allegations of Jacobitism. Christopher Fawcett had gossiped to Lord Ravensworth that Bishop Johnson, Andrew Stone and William Murray had drunk to the health of the Pretender in their youth. The allegations were brought all the way to the House of Lords and were subsequently thrown out. 
Johnson was translated to the see of Worcester in 1759 and made many alterations to Hartlebury Castle, the residence of the Bishops of Worcestor, out of his own considerable fortune. He was also a patron of Benjamin West, commissioning "The Return of the Prodigal Son". Bishop Johnson died in 1774 from a fall from his horse in Stall Street, Bath. There is a monument to him in Worcester Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20032525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032525" title="Mack Flenniken">
Mack Flenniken

George "Mack" Flenniken was an American football player, coach, and sports figure in the United States. He played professionally in the National Football League and also coached college football.
Playing history.
College football.
Flenniken played college football for Centenary College in Shreveport, Louisiana and later played at Geneva College. His college career mirrored Cal Hubbard who played for both colleges and also later became a coach at Geneva. Both players were following Bo McMillin, who coached first at Centenary and then later at Geneva.
Chicago Cardinals.
Flenniken got his start in the NFL with the Chicago Cardinals in 1930. He was a flexible player on both sides of the ball, recording three rushing touchdowns and also showing a threat using the forward pass and picked up an interception while playing defense. At Chicago, he played alongside future Hall of Famer Ernie Nevers.
New York Giants.
In 1931, Flenniken moved to the New York Giants, where he was a part of the "committee of quarterbacks" along with Red Smith and Hap Moran. For the Giants, Flenniken saw less playing time but in his four games and one start he recorded successes in both passing and rushing.
Coaching history.
Flenniken was the 14th head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for two seasons, from 1928 until 1929. His coaching record at Geneva was 7 wins, 11 losses, and 1 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 17th at Geneva in total wins and 23rd at Geneva in winning percentage (0.395).

</doc>
<doc id="20032528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032528" title="King Xi of Yan">
King Xi of Yan

King Xi of Yan (燕王喜) (? - ?) (ruled 255 BC – 222 BC) was the last sovereign of the state of Yan in the last days Warring States period of Chinese history. He was the son of King Xiao of Yan (燕孝王). He was born as Ji Xi (姬喜), the same name of King Lie of Zhou (周烈王) and Count Yi of Cao (曹夷伯).
In the 28th year of his reign, the State of Qin began its conquest of Yan. Seeing the deep situation in which Yan was in, Crown Prince Dan of Yan, King Xi's son, sent an assassin Jing Ke to kill the Qin emperor but this failure only helped to fuel the rage & determination of Ying Zheng, and he increased the number of troops to conquer the state of Yan and order Wang Zhan to destroy Yan. The bulk of the Yan army at the frozen Yishui River, Ji (薊) fell the following year and the ruler, King Xi, fled to the Liaodong Commanteray. To appease the King of Qin, King Xi had his own son executed by decapitation.
In 222 BC Liaodong fell as well, and Yan was totally conquered by Qin under the general (王賁), the son of Wang Jian. King Xi of Yan was captured alive, and his fate is not known. Yan was the third last state to fall, and with its destruction the fates of the remaining two kingdoms were sealed.
All except King Xi were featured in the Chinese period epic The Emperor and the Assassin.

</doc>
<doc id="20032529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032529" title="Wreck Reefs">
Wreck Reefs

The Wreck Reefs are located in the southern part of the Coral Sea Islands approximately 450 km East Nor East of Gladstone, Queensland or 250 km east of the Swain Reefs complex they form a narrow chain of reefs with small cays that extends for around 25 km in a west to east line
Islets found on the reefs include Bird Islet, West Islet and Porpoise Cay. 
The reef gained its name through the sinking of the colonial sloops "Porpoise" and "Cato" which were lost on Wreck Reefs. In 1803 Matthew Flinders had left Port Jackson in the "Porpoise " (as a passenger), which had been refitted to carry his collection of plants and papers. They were accompanied by the "Cato" and "Bridgewater". Eight days later (17 August) disaster stuck with the "Porpoise" and "Cato" striking the uncharted reefs to which this incident then gave its name to the vessels are of great historic significance and the wrecks contained within this area lie within a historic wreck site and are protected from unauthorized interference.
General.
The reef complex are approximately 100 km south east from Kenn Reefs, 150 km south east from the Saumarez Reefs and 120 km north nor west of Cato Island
Wreck Reefs atoll consists of a narrow chain of reefs and cays which is approximately 25 km by 5 km west to east with an area of 75 km² and is open from the north. The sea always breaks over the cays.
Cays found on the reefs include Bird Islet, West Islet and Porpoise Cay.
Bird Islet , is a mound measuring some 500m by 250m and 6m high with a bare centre surrounded by a ring of herbage. It is the only one known to have any significant vegetation in the chain, and it has a reef 4.5 km.
Porpoise Cay, is 275m long, 90m across and 3m high. It has a few low plants and lies 11 km west of Bird Islet in the centre of a shallow lagoon surrounded by a reef. The reef partially uncovers at low tide.
West Islet , 1.8m high and bare, lies near the middle of the SE of three detached reefs at the west end of Wreck Reefs. A below-water reef surrounds West Islet.
History.
Discovery.
In 1803 when Matthew Flinders left Port Jackson for the last time in H.M.S. "Porpoise" in company with the "Cato" and "Bridgewater" he sailed (as a passenger) by the Outer Route to Torres Strait. Wreck Reef, or rather the chain of reefs, on which the "Porpoise" and the "Cato" were wrecked on the morning of 17 August (when the "Bridgewater" left them to their fate), being on the eastern side of the barrier and about eighteen and a half miles in length and from a quarter to a mile and a half in breadth. It consists of patches of coral reef separated by navigable channels and is the home of seabirds and turtle. The eastern end of it, named, Flinders said, "not improperly," Bird Islet, in 22°10' S., 155°28' E. was found to be covered with coarse grass and shrubs. After striking, the ""Porpoise" took a fearful heel over on her larboard beam ends," fortunately falling towards the reef so that her people were saved. The "Cato," under Captain Park, struck about two cables length away and "fell on her broadside," when her masts instantly disappeared. Several of the seamen were bruised against the coral rocks and three young lads were drowned. One of the poor boys who had been shipwrecked no less than three or four times before—in every voyage that he had made—clung to a spar beside his captain and through the night bewailed that he "was the persecuted Jonas who carried misfortune wherever he went." He lost his hold among the breakers, was swept away and seen no more.
The shipwrecked men gained the dry sand in the center of the reef and prepared their encampment. While searching for firewood that night they discovered a ship's spar and a piece of timber, rotten and worm-eaten, which, in the opinion of the master of the "Porpoise," was part of the stern-post of a ship of about 400 tons. Flinders presumed that it had belonged to one of Lapérouse's ships but the wrecks of the "La Boussole" and the "Astrolabe" were later discovered off Vanikoro in the Santa Cruz Islands. In more recent years timber as well as coins and other relics from a Spanish galleon have been recovered within the reefs, where they had been sheltered and preserved, perhaps embedded in some sandy shallow, so that it is not improbable that both sternpost and spar came from a long-lost Spanish vessel. Another theory is that the ship was an American whaler.
Flinders and thirteen others including Captain Parker, rowed back to Sydney in the ship's cutter; this boat was given the name "Hope" and sailing on the 26th.August to Port Jackson. For the relief of the shipwrecked crews Governor King dispatched the ship "Rolla" and two schooners, the "Cumberland" and the "Francis." Leaving Port Jackson at daylight on 21 September Flinders reached Wreck Reef eight days later, to the relieve of the shipwrecked crews.
During his absence some of his old officers of the "Investigator"—among whom, besides Robert Fowler, were Samuel Flinders and John Franklin—superintended the building of a small decked ship, which was named the "Resource." On being manned she was placed in charge of Denis Lacy, formerly master's mate of the "Investigator."
The officers and men of the "Porpoise" and "Cato" were distributed among the four ships. Those who preferred to return to Port Jackson sailed back in the "Francis" and the "Resource" others, including Lieutenants Fowler and Samuel Flinders and John Franklin, sailed in the "Rolla" to China, where they obtained passages to Europe. Matthew Flinders, with ten officers and seamen, embarked in the "Cumberland" (the little schooner of twenty-nine ton lent by Governor King). Flinders intending to proceed to England, was forced to call at Mauritius, where he was detained by the French for seven and a half years.
Guano Mining.
On 27 October 1862, the British government granted an exclusive concession to exploit the guano on Lady Elliot Island, Wreck Reefs, Swain Reefs, Raine Island, Bramble Cay, Brampton Shoal, and Pilgrim Island to the Anglo-Australian Guano Company organised by the whaler, Dr. W.L. Crowther in Hobart, Tasmania. They were apparently most active on Bird Islet (Wreck Reefs) and Lady Elliot and Raine Islands, losing five ships at Bird Islet between 1861 and 1882.
Informal mining of this type probably took place in and before this period (1860s) with Crowther having said to have commenced removing guano from Wreck Reef prior to this with the one hundred tons of guano had been loaded onto the "Harp" when that boat was shipwrecked on the reef.
A good description of the original uses of the island is given in the following 1870's newspaper report
Bird Island is a coral island, and one of the group known as Wreck Reef It is just one mile in circumference, and its surface rises about twelve feet above the sea level. Bird Island is leased from the Imperial Government by the Anglo Australasian Guano Company, whose headquarters are at Hobart town. The island is covered with deposits of guano of primo quality, und has been worked to great advantage for seven or eight years part. From 6000 to 8000 tons of guano have been already removed from the Island, and it is estimated that some 6000 tons still remain To remove this quantity, or in technical phraseology, to "work out the island," will occupy five or six years, as operations have to be suspended during the summer or hurricane season Last year, eighteen men and two boys, besides the superintendent, were employed on the island, but next year it is intended to increase the working force to thirty men
Bird Island guano would be worth in England £15 per ton, but the company, preferring moderate profits and quick returns, inevitably dispose of the deposit in Tasmania, where it is in active and yearly increasing demand as a fertiliser of the soil, and where it realises £8 per ton On an average about five cargoes are shipped to Tasmania annually. There is a strong popular prejudice against guano vessels, but we are assured that there is no disagreeable smell from the Bird island deposit. It has an odour of ammonia, and is considered by the men employed on the island extremely healthful
The guano removed by the A A Company in past years was an alluvial deposit, of winch only about 1200 tons now remain on the island That now being worked is known as "rock" guano, breaking like freestone, and when pounded with large mallets or rollers the phosphate impregnating it glistens like crystal It seems that during the hurricane season large quantities of sand are blown over the island from the beach, and consequently the men have to remove a layer of sand before beginning to remove the guano.
The " rock " deposit now being removed is much richer than the alluvial ever was The rain water, in passing through the alluvial, drained the phosphates and ammonia through the stratum of sand into the second layer of guano, thus enriching it as a fertiliser, and causing it to solidify after a lapse of time, until, as before stated, it becomes almost as hard as freestone This rock guano is therefore dug out and crushed by a great expenditure of labour.
It is then dried and carried into the sheds, ready for shipment.
The depth of the deposit on the island is about five feet six inches. Below each layer of guano is a stratum of sand, and it has no; yet been ascertained how many layers of the deposit will be found to exist. Guano islands are believed to be thus formed : The coral rock rises above , the sea , and is made the resting-place of countless flocks of birds. In the course of years they cover the whole surface of the rock; with a deposit of from two to three foot in depth. One of those tremendous hurricanes which periodically recur in the Pacific then covers the . Whole deposit with a layer of sand. The birds again accumulate a deposit, which in its turn is also covered with sand. In this way the island gradually rises above the sea level, mid ultimately yields the product which fertilises the exhausted soil of the agriculturist. It may be presumed that the lower strata are solidified partly by the drainage of ammonia and phosphate from above, and partly by the great weight of the super incumbent deposits.
The Bird Island Guano is much preferred to that procured at Lady Elliott's Island, and hence the intention to secure a larger quantity to market next year. Hitherto cargoes have been obtained with considerable risk, but a new mooring ground is about to be prepared where vessels will be able to lie with perfect safety alongside the wharf, inside the reef which .encircles the island. It is believed that there are other deposits of guano in the neighbourhood of Wreck Reef, and in consequence Mr, Strachan has been commissioned to explore some other islands in the vicinity. We hope he will be successful, although it is a matter for regret that the people of Queensland do not participate in it. Our Southern neighbours are making fortunes out of the guano islands and pearl fisheries at our very doors, and no one among us seems either able or willing to share in the enterprise
Known Shipwrecks on the Reef.
In 1965 after extensive research and only fifteen minutes of actual diving Ben Cropp & Jiri Hrbac found the wreck sites of the "Cato" and "Porpoise". 
Marcia. Schooner. Captain James Aickin. Returned to Wreck Reef, Great Barrier Reef, in April 1804 to salvage was he may from Matthew Flinder’s vessel Porpoise and Cato, wrecked the previous year. (Loney)
In 1965 after extensive research and only fifteen minutes of actual diving Ben Cropp found the wreck sites of the "Cato" and "Porpoise".
References.
Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 1 through 5

</doc>
<doc id="20032532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032532" title="Eunan O'Halpin">
Eunan O'Halpin

Eunan O'Halpin is Bank of Ireland Professor of Contemporary Irish History at Trinity College Dublin. He received his BA and MA from University College Dublin and received a PhD from the University of Cambridge.
O'Halpin specialises in 20th Century Irish and British history and politics. He is a Member of the Royal Irish Academy. Since 2002 he has been a member of the National Archives Advisory Council he is also a member of the Royal Irish Academy National Committee for History, the Royal Irish Academy National Committee for the Study of International Relations and of the Katherine Kavanagh Trust. He is a grandnephew of Kevin Barry. 
In 2013 O'Halpin presented In the Name of the Republic which was shown on TV3 (Ireland) 
Published works.
List of published books from Google Book Search Accessed 2 Nov. 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20032533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032533" title="Aktiv Kapital">
Aktiv Kapital

Aktiv Kapital ASA is a Norwegian debt investment company with operations in nine countries. It is the largest purchaser of non-performing consumer credits in Europe and Canada. The company purchases assets from banks and other financial institutions, adding value for lenders through unique insights, flexible approach and international presence. The company was founded in 1991 and has grown through a number of acquisitions. It is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and controlled by John Fredriksen.

</doc>
<doc id="20032539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032539" title="Brewster House (East Setauket, New York)">
Brewster House (East Setauket, New York)

The Brewster House in East Setauket, New York was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The house was originally built in 1665 and expanded in the early 18th century. It was restored in 1968 to match the 1845 painting of "Long Island Farmhouses" by William Sidney Mount. The site is currently owned by the Ward Melville Heritage Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20032551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032551" title="Jimmy Robertson (American football)">
Jimmy Robertson (American football)

James A. "Jimmy" Robertson (March 8, 1901 – December 1974) was an American football player, coach, and sports figure in the United States.
Playing history.
Carnegie Mellon University.
After playing high school football in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, Robertson was expected to go to West Point. Instead, he went on to college and played college football at Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (now called Carnegie Mellon University). Under coach Walter P. Steffen, the squad played teams such as Notre Dame, Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football, Purdue, Michigan State, and Southern California. Robertson was team captain and proved instrumental to several key victories in school history. He is considered one of the best players in the history of the school.
Akron Pros.
After college, Robertson played for the Akron Pros of the NFL in 1924 and 1925. under head coaches Wayne Brenkert and Scotty Bierce He played for 16 games for Akron, recording statistics on both offense and defense.
College Coaching.
Robertson was the 16th head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for the 1933 season-the original plan was for him to coach at Geneva for only one year. His coaching record at Geneva was 6 wins, 3 losses, and 0 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 18th at Geneva in total wins and fifth at Geneva in winning percentage (0.667).
Robertson's first game as head coach was a 47 to 0 victory over the California Teacher's College in Pennsylvania.
After one season, Robertson was expected to be retained as head coach as late as January 1934

</doc>
<doc id="20032562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032562" title="Dragon deities">
Dragon deities

In many campaign settings for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, the fictional draconic pantheon of gods consists of the leader Io, as well as Aasterinian, Astilabor, Bahamut, Chronepsis, Faluzure, Garyx, Hlal, Lendys, Sardior, Tamara, and Tiamat. Other draconic gods may be present in different campaign settings.
Aasterinian.
Aasterinian is the draconic deity who serves as Io's messenger. Her symbol is a grinning dragon's head. Aasternian appears as a huge brass dragon who is always grinning. She is quick-witted, with a sharp tongue. Aasternian is the messenger of Io, the draconic god of creation. She and her followers enjoy good relations with Garl Glittergold, Fharlanghn, Olidammara and similar deities. In 4th edition, Aasterinian is a mortal blue dragon who has risen to become an exarch of Avandra. Aasterinian's realm of "Brassberg" can be found on the plane of Ysgard, but the "Races of the Dragon" places her realm in the Outlands instead.
Aasterinian was first detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about her priesthood. Aasterinian appears in 3rd edition in "Defenders of the Faith" (2000). Her priesthood and her role as a draconic deity are further detailed in "Draconomicon: The Book of Dragons" (2003), and in "Races of the Dragon" (2006).
Astilabor.
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, Astilabor (As-TIL-uh-bore) is the dragon deity of hoards.
In the game, Astilabor represents the desire in all dragons to acquire wealth and power. However, she dislikes greed. She cannot abide thievery unless such an act is done in the name of building one's hoard. All of her followers are neutral in some aspect of their alignment. She discourages her clerics from becoming involved in draconic politics and seeks to reward dragons with unusually impressive hoards.
Chronepsis.
Chronepsis is the dragon deity of Fate, Death, and Judgment. His symbol is an unblinking draconic eye. Chronepsis is truly neutral in all things, dispassionate and unconcerned with the unfolding of events. He observes, but does not act except to guide the spirits of dragons into the afterlife. While he is a god of "eternal law," he cares nothing for justice, as Lendys does. Chronepsis never speaks or communicates. Chronepsis is said to know the future and how all things will end, but he will not reveal this knowledge to others.
Faluzure.
Faluzure is the dragon deity of Energy Draining, Undeath, Decay, and Exhaustion. "Faluzure" is also sometimes spelled "Falazure". His symbol is a draconic skull. Faluzure is a wretched, creeping thing no longer able to fly, but he has a gravely terrible beauty nonetheless. He is vast and sleek, with silver-edged scales of midnight blue and vestigial wings; he may also appear as a handsome human or comely elf. He is a brilliant, gifted master of disguise, and lacks his sister Tiamat's recklessness. He requires a continuous stream of death to maintain his beauty and perfection; if he goes without death for too long, he becomes gaunt and skeletal.
Garyx.
Garyx is the dragon god of fire, destruction, and renewal. The deity was introduced in the "Draconomicon" supplement released in 1990 by TSR.
Garyx symbolizes the sheer power and destructive force of dragonkind. Some argue that Garyx is actually insane.
Worshipers.
Garyx pays little or no attention to his clerics and worshipers, but they do not care. Some druids revere the renewing aspect of Garyx, knowing that devastation is necessary for rejuvenation to occur.
Hlal.
Hlal is the dragon deity of humor and storytelling. Her symbol is an open book, and her favored weapon is the short sword or claw.
Hlal enjoys sharing stories and songs with those who appreciate such things, regardless of the listener's race or background. She has little use for tyrants, and even less patience for cruelty or bullying. She teaches that one must be free of restraint, whether real or psychological, in order to freely express one's opinions.
Worshipers.
Hlal's priests are often multiclassed cleric/bards, using music and poetry to spread their faith. Places of worship are usually simple shrines, which can be packed up and moved to the next town at a moment's notice.
The followers of Hlal share much in common with those of Olidammara, and many pay homage to both deities simultaneously. Both Hextor and Vecna are among her chief enemies, because of their portfolios concerning tyranny and secrets, respectively.
Lendys.
Lendys is the dragon god of balance and justice. Unlike Chronepsis, who judges dragons after they die, Lendys metes out justice during a dragon's life.
Worshipers.
The clerics and paladins of Lendys are justice-bringers, often serving as judges and arbiters for local communities.
Lendys's clergy get along well with worshippers of St. Cuthbert, and poorly with the followers of chaotic gods such as Kord, Olidammara, and Erythnul.
Sardior.
Sardior is the dragon deity of gem dragons and psionics. His symbol is a ruby with an inner glow.
Tamara.
Tamara is the dragon goddess of life, light, and mercy.
Tamara is the kindest and most benevolent of the draconic deities. Some mistake this quality for weakness, but such beings never make this mistake twice.
Tamara's clerics are healers, but also deliverers of death to those who try to escape it. They destroy all undead creatures they encounter, especially draconic undead.
Tamara is described as being an ally of Pelor and an enemy of Falazure, Hextor, Nerull, and Erythnul.

</doc>
<doc id="20032573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032573" title="B.P. Newman">
B.P. Newman

Bernard Pearce Newman (December 12, 1927 – October 25, 2008), usually known as B. P. Newman or Bob Newman, was a business entrepreneur, developer, civic leader, and philanthropist in Laredo, Texas. Newman Elementary School in Laredo is named for him.
Early years.
Newman was born in Red River County in northeast Texas to Thomas Newman and Veda Newman Scotti (1907–1995). While attending college in Dallas, he met Peggy Jean (née) Behelar (born 1932). They wed in 1950 and during their fifty-eight year marriage had four children.
Entrepreneur and philanthropist.
In 1951, Foremost Dairies was then the third largest dairy cooperative in the United States. In 1964, Newman purchased the Foremost distributorship in Laredo, the largest city in South Texas. From his initial capitalization of the Laredo Foremost distributorship, he launched B. P. Newman Enterprises and built a business empire of restaurants, subdivisions, apartments, and ranches.
B.P. Newman Enterprises eventually brought the Church's and Popeye's fried chicken franchises to Laredo. By 1989, Newman owned five Popeye's franchises in Laredo and Austin, Texas, all sixteen Church's outlets in El Paso and planned to build an additional ten Popeye's. In 1990, Newman and architect Jack Rice Turner developed a 10-story, 46-unit building in Corpus Christi, known as the Twin Dolphins, then the third high-rise condominium in that city. In 1991, Newman was a significant Popeyes and Church's franchisee, having forty-one stores, primarily Church's, in El Paso, Laredo, and the Shreveport, Louisiana, area. By 2004, Newman was a top contributor to the Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits restaurant chain and was one of only two worldwide Popeyes restaurant franchisees to receive Popeye's Gold Plate Award, the most important award given by Popeyes management.
Newman also owned ranches, apartments, and office buildings in Laredo, El Paso, Marshall, Longview, the Rio Grande Valley, Las Cruces, New Mexico, and Shreveport. He developed the Laredo neighborhoods of Chaparral, Vista Hermosa, and Sierra Vista. During his lifetime, Newman donated the land for two Laredo schools: Newman Elementary School at 1300 Alta Vista Drive in the Valle Alto subdivision off McPherson Road, the Dr. Sigifredo Perez Elementary School at 500 Sierra Vista. The Newmans launched the first lot for Habitat for Humanity in Laredo. He gave the land too for the B.P. Newman Park and the B. P. and Peggy Newman Recreation Center in Laredo.
Death.
Newman died at Laredo Medical Center of complications from long-term Alzheimer's disease. Ronald A. "Ron" Scott, pastor of the First Baptist Church of Laredo from 2002 to 2012, of which Newman was a member, recalled that the businessman "helped a lot of kids go to college through the B.P. Newman Scholarship Fund at Texas A&M International University and provided for others in need. B. P.'s and Peggy's example of love and sacrifice is noticeable. His was a life reflective of one lived out by Jesus Christ."
At Neman's funeral, Laredo attorney Javier de Anda, vice president of B.P. Newman Investments and Newman's son-in-law, read from a letter: "B.P., many of us gather here as a testimony to how much you've helped them. We will feel your loss in countless ways. For those of us here strong in faith, we know our loss is merely temporary. B.P., we thank God for your presence in our lives."
Newman is interred in the Masonic section at Laredo City Cemetery. After his death, his wife Peggy became the chief executive officer of B. P. Newman Investments. In 2012, Peggy Newman was named a Paul Harris Fellow by the Laredo Gateway Rotary International.!
Laredo leaders laud Newman.
The Laredo political leadership lauded Newman. In a statement to the "Laredo Morning Times", Texas State Representative Richard Pena Raymond recalled Newman "one of the great giants of Laredo. He was a great entrepreneur and has helped expand our economy and create a vibrant city. We will always look back at what he did to build our city economically. Mrs. Newman is a pillar; we love her and our hearts go out to her and her family." State Senator Judith Zaffirini of Laredo called the Newmans "Laredo's first power couple." U.S. Representative Henry Cuellar of Laredo told the "Laredo Morning Times" that Newman was "an excellent business person cared a lot for Laredo. . . . I believe Bob's spirit will live on. . . . He always had a big smile, kind word ... always had the right thing to say. He was a kind, noble man."
Mayor Raul G. Salinas called Newman "a true gentleman, a man who cared a lot for Laredo and cared for the community. He gave so much of himself. His generosity has helped many organizations throughout our city. He will always be remembered as a man with a big heart."

</doc>
<doc id="20032605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032605" title="Ihlen Declaration">
Ihlen Declaration

The Ihlen Declaration was a statement made on 22 July 1919 by the Foreign minister of Norway, Nils Claus Ihlen, on the topic of Denmark's sovereignty over Greenland, in which Ihlen declared verbally to the Danish Minister that "...the plans of the Royal Government respecting Danish sovereignty over the whole of Greenland...would be met with no difficulties on the part of Norway." The declaration became an issue when the question was raised whether the statement was binding on Norway. The question eventually went all the way to the Permanent Court of International Justice in the form of the Eastern Greenland Case in 1933.
The declaration.
In a meeting, Denmark agreed not to object to any claim to Spitsbergen which Norway might submit at an upcoming peace conference, if Norway would not oppose the Danish claim at the same conference to the whole of Greenland. This was on 4 July 1919. At the time, Norway occupied certain parts of East Greenland. 
In response, Ihlen made the declaration on 22 July 1919 that "...the plans of the Royal Government respecting Danish sovereignty over the whole of Greenland...would be met with no difficulties on the part of Norway."
Eastern Greenland Case.
However, Norway continued to occupy East Greenland into the 1930s. This led Denmark and Norway to agree to take the case to the Permanent Court of International Justice in 1933. This led to several questions: Are affirmations made by one government to another binding? Was the declaration valid if it was made in violation of Norwegian municipal law article 46 - invalidity (article 27 - observance) of the Norwegian Constitution requiring consent by the Norwegian Parliament to enter into a treaty? Should Denmark have known that assent by the Norwegian Parliament was needed to make a treaty? 
The International Court at the Hague awarded the disputed territory to Denmark. The Court declared that the Ihlen declaration constituted an unconditional and definitive promise. The decision was accepted by both countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20032608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032608" title="1996–97 KNVB Cup">
1996–97 KNVB Cup

The 79th edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on June 1, 1996. The final was played on May 8, 1997: Roda JC beat sc Heerenveen 4–2 and won the cup for the first time. A total of 78 clubs participated.
Preliminary round.
The matches of the preliminary round were played on June 1, 2, 6 and 9, 1996. Except for Eerste Divisie club FC Den Bosch, only amateur clubs and two youth teams participated.
Group stage.
The matches of the group stage were played between August 15 and October 1, 1996. Except for four Eredivisie clubs, all other participants entered the tournament this round. 56 clubs participated, 28 advanced to the next round.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Knock-out Stage.
First round.
The matches of the first knock-out round were played on November 27, 1996. The four highest ranked Eredivisie teams from last season entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played between February 7 and 12, 1997.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on March 11 and 12, 1997.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 16 and 17, 1997
Final.
The final was played on May 8, 1997.
Roda JC would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20032611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032611" title="Edgar P. Weltner">
Edgar P. Weltner

Edgar Pomeroy "Smiley" Weltner (February 9, 1896 – April 4, 1992) was an American football and basketball player and coach in the United States. Weltner coached at high school, college, and professional levels during his career.
Playing history.
Weltner entered college at Ohio State University where he played on the football and basketball teams, graduating in 1920.
Coaching History.
Geneva College.
Weltner was the 18th head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for missing seasons, from 1937 until 1940. His coaching record at Geneva was 16 wins, 19 losses, and 2 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 11th at Geneva in total wins and 17th at Geneva in winning percentage (0.459). Weltner resigned after the 1940 football season, citing his own disappointment in the win/loss record of the team.
Weltner also was the basketball coach at Geneva during his tenure. After he resigned as football coach, he also discontinued his work as the basketball coach.
High school coaching.
Prior to coaching at Geneva, Weltner spent some time coaching in the high school ranks, including two years at Fostoria High School in Fostoria, Ohio and another period of time at Akron South High Schoolin Akron, Ohio.
Professional coaching.
Weltner was head coach of the Akron Wingfoots professional basketball team in the National Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="20032777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032777" title="Erik Bødtker Øyno">
Erik Bødtker Øyno

Erik Bødtker Øyno (born 1965) is a Norwegian businessperson and chief executive officer of Aktiv Kapital.
Øyno holds a "siviløkonom" degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration, and has been CEO of Byggmakker and director of investments at ABN Amro.

</doc>
<doc id="20032784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032784" title="Kevin Barry (song)">
Kevin Barry (song)

"Kevin Barry" is a popular Irish rebel song recounting the death of Kevin Barry, a member of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) who was hanged on 1 November 1920. He was 18 years old at the time. He is one of a group of IRA members executed in 1920-21 collectively known as The Forgotten Ten. 
The ballad was penned shortly after his death by an author whose identity is unknown. Barry's family investigated this in the 1920s, but were only told it was the work of an Irish emigrant living in Glasgow. Some sources claim that it was written by Terrence Ward, a journalist, but this is incorrect, he actually wrote another song about Barry. (At the very least it seems that nobody is actively claiming copyright of this song.) It is sung to the melody of "Rolling Home to Dear Old Ireland" (also known as "Rolling Home to ..." several other places). 
It had been performed by many Irish groups including The Wolfe Tones and The Clancy Brothers. The American singer Paul Robeson included it in this album "Songs of Struggle", although this version tones down the anti-British sentiment of the original. On at least one occasion, in 1972, Leonard Cohen covered the song in concert. also sung by canadian folk singer Stompin Tom.
The song has been one of the most enduringly popular of Irish songs and has been largely responsible for making Kevin Barry a household name. It was said to be so popular with British troops during the Troubles that it was banned. It was one of many Irish rebel ballads removed from RTE playlists during the period of the conflict in Northern Ireland.
"Kevin Barry" features prominently in Frank McCourt's novel "Angela's Ashes" and in the 1999 movie adaptation of the book.
Lyrics.
As the author is unknown there is no definitive version, they can be sung with various verses added or omitted, or without the chorus, or other minor variations. This is one version: 
In Mountjoy jail one Monday morning<br>
High upon the gallows tree,<br>
Kevin Barry gave his young life<br>
For the cause of liberty.<br>
Just a lad of eighteen summers,<br>
Still there's no one can deny,<br>
As he walked to death that morning,<br>
He proudly held his head on high.<br> 
Chorus
Shoot me like an Irish soldier.<br>
Do not hang me like a dog,<br>
For I fought to free old Ireland<br>
On that still September morn.<br> 
All around the little bakery<br>
Where we fought them hand to hand,<br>
Shoot me like an Irish soldier,<br>
For I fought to free Ireland 
Just before he faced the hangman,<br>
In his dreary prison cell,<br>
British soldiers tortured Barry,<br>
Just because he would not tell.<br>
The names of his brave comrades,<br>
And other things they wished to know.<br>
Turn informer or we'll kill you<br>
Kevin Barry answered "No".
Proudly standing to attention<br>
While he bade his last farewell<br>
To his broken hearted mother<br>
Whose grief no one can tell.<br>
For the cause he proudly cherished<br>
This sad parting had to be<br>
Then to death walked softly smiling<br>
That old Ireland might be free.
Another martyr for old Ireland,<br>
Another murder for the crown,<br>
Whose brutal laws may kill the Irish,<br>
But can't keep their spirit down.<br> 
Lads like Barry are no cowards.<br>
From the foe they will not fly.<br>
Lads like Barry will free Ireland,<br>
For her sake they'll live and die.

</doc>
<doc id="20032793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032793" title="Byron E. Morgan">
Byron E. Morgan

Byron E. Morgan was an American football player and coach in the United States and accumulated a lifetime record of 101 wins, 93 losses, and 8 ties.
Coaching history.
Geneva College.
Morgan was the 22nd head college football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for missing seasons, from 1953 until 1962. His coaching record at Geneva was 46 wins, 35 losses, and 6 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him third at Geneva in total wins and 12th at Geneva in winning percentage (0.563).
Findlay College.
After coaching at Geneva, Morgan moved to Findlay College (now called "University of Findlay") in Findlay, Ohio to coach there. He was head coach at Findlay from 1963 until the completion of the 1974 season and accumulated a record of 55 wins, 58 losses, and 2 ties with appearances in the 1964 NAIA Playoffs and a victory in the 1967 Shrine Bowl. While at Findlay, he coached future NFL players Odell Barry, Tony King, and Allen Smith.
Political life.
After retirement from college football, Morgan remained at Findlay as an instructor and also entered local politics to serve as a city council for Findlay.

</doc>
<doc id="20032796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032796" title="Klaus Täuber">
Klaus Täuber

Klaus Täuber (born 17 January 1958 in Erlangen) is a retired German footballer who played for and SpVgg Erlangen, 1. FC Nuremberg, Stuttgarter Kickers, FC Schalke 04, Bayer 04 Leverkusen. His brothers – Jürgen and Stephan – were also professional footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="20032822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032822" title="George Randolph Chester">
George Randolph Chester

George Randolph Chester (January 27, 1869 – February 26, 1924) was an American writer. He was the author of such popular works such as Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford and "" that were made into silent films within his lifetime. His success in selling stories to The Saturday Evening Post and leaving his position with the Cincinnati Enquirer and moving to New York City to write fiction was the impetus for James Bearsley Hendryx to buy a typewriter and try his hand at writing fiction. 
Biography.
He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on January 27, 1869. He died on February 26, 1924 of a heart attack in his New York City home.

</doc>
<doc id="20032839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032839" title="Bill Denton">
Bill Denton

William "Bill" Thomas Denton (February 1, 1911 – March 8, 1946) was an American artistic gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Collinsville, Texas and died in Washington, D.C..
In 1932 he won the silver medal in the rings competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20032843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032843" title="Desbutal">
Desbutal

Desbutal was a brand name drug by Abbott containing 5 mg Desoxyn (methamphetamine hydrochloride) and 30 mg Nembutal (pentobarbital sodium); an amphetamine combined with a barbiturate in the same capsule.
It came in bottles of 100 and 1000, and is no longer marketed today.

</doc>
<doc id="20032859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032859" title="Quiet Riot (Prison Break)">
Quiet Riot (Prison Break)

"Quiet Riot" is the 68th episode of the American television series "Prison Break". It was broadcast on November 17, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network. In this episode, the team finally breaks into the Scylla room in the Company headquarters.
Plot.
Michael Scofield and the team race against time trying to devise a plan to steal Scylla, as the Company will move Scylla to an unknown location on that same day. Michael, however, continues to suffer from his deteriorating health, and the team is forced to carry out the plan as Michael reluctantly agrees to have surgery that day. To reach Scylla, they must break through a concrete wall and a glass wall, without making any noise, changing the room temperature, or touching the floor.
Meanwhile, Gretchen dresses up to seduce the General and steal the sixth card that is necessary to decode Scylla. Having personally trained her, the General realizes that she is lying and threatens to kill her. Gretchen pleads with him, mentioning her daughter, whose father is supposedly the General. The General lets Gretchen go but tells her if he ever sees her again, he'll kill her.
T-Bag suddenly shows reluctance in continuing with the Scylla business, as he now has a respectable job and a comfortable life as Cole Pfeiffer. However, he forces himself to refuse his boss to go on a complementary cruise trip, as it leaves that same day. Mr. Xing barges into GATE again and demands Scylla, but Gretchen again promises him to deliver and asks for his help.
Even though Gretchen fails to steal the sixth card, Michael and his team proceed to steal Scylla. Michael, from a sense of guilt of leaving others in peril, changes his mind and postpones his surgery, joining the team after getting some injections from Sara. Via the underground tunnels from GATE to the Company headquarters, Michael, Lincoln, Sucre, and Mahone reach the concrete wall. They manage to break through with slow drilling, some umbrellas to catch the falling debris inside, and electromagnets to disrupt the steel linings inside the wall so that it can be dug silently.
Trishanne, T-Bag's assistant, listens to a call between T-Bag and Gretchen and alerts Agent Self. Don Self and Trishanne raid the address mentioned in the call, but end up in the hands of Mr. Xing after they are set up by Gretchen and T-Bag. Gretchen and T-Bag prepare to take Scylla for themselves once Michael and his team successfully retrieve Scylla.
In silence, Sucre assembles a ladder above the floor, one rung at a time, to traverse the alarm-rigged floor and reach the glass wall. To fool the temperature sensor, he releases liquid nitrogen inside the room. Sucre loses balance when the ladder shakes, but manages to grab the falling liquid nitrogen container and makes it back up. After tense moments, Sucre finishes the ladder to the glass wall. Although suffering from occasional pain, Michael crosses the ladder and makes a hole on the glass. As he approaches Scylla and places his hands upon it, a sensor beneath Scylla goes off, warning the General who calls for security and comes after Scylla himself.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 8.8/10.

</doc>
<doc id="20032870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032870" title="Ash-Shams (Egyptian newspaper)">
Ash-Shams (Egyptian newspaper)

Ash-Shams (, 'The Sun') was an Arabic-language Jewish weekly newspaper in Egypt. "Ash-Shams" was established in 1934. The editor of "ash-Shams" was Saad Malki. Malki political outlook combined Egyptian nationalism with moderate Zionism. "Ash-Shams" was closed down by the Egyptian government in May 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20032884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032884" title="Ed Carmichael">
Ed Carmichael

Daniel Edward "Ed" Carmichael (January 2, 1907 – September 3, 1960) was an American artistic gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Los Angeles, California.
In 1932 he won the bronze medal in the vault competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20032889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032889" title="Mpwapwa District">
Mpwapwa District

Mpwapwa is one of the 5 districts of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. It is bordered to the west by the Dodoma Urban district, and to the north by the Kongwa District.
According to the 2002 Tanzania National Census, the population of the Kondoa District was 254,500.
Geography.
Most Mpwapwa residents live on the central plateau at about 3,500ft above sea level, though others, mainly from the minority Hehe ethnic group, live atop the 7,000ft mountains that benefit from better rainfall. The district is fairly arid and only gets good rains 2 years out of every 7. 
The Mpwapwa District is bordered to the north by Kongwa District (site of the failed British groundnut scheme, to the east by Morogoro Region, to the south by Iringa Region and to the west by Dodoma Urban District.
Wards.
The Mpwapwa District is administratively divided into 18 wards:

</doc>
<doc id="20032912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032912" title="Laurie Bamford">
Laurie Bamford

Laurence "Laurie" John Bamford (27 October 1947 – 9 December 2005) was a popular British Numismatist also known as the 'smartly dressed tramp'.
He was educated at Trinity School of John Whitgift in Croydon, London. His interest in coins started at a very early age (around 12 or 13). His fascination for old bronze and copper pennies started when he went on a family holiday to Herne Bay and was captivated by the coins in the amusement arcade machines situated on the sea front. As far back as 1961, Laurie attended the Sunday morning coin market in East London in Cutler Street along with colleague, Hiram Brown.
By 1966 Laurie had established himself as one of the Cutler Street collectors alongside Ted Swift, Ted Barnard, Eva Hardy, Jim Hardiman Sr, Ken Lovell, James Leonard and the poet David Nash. Cutler Street was then a well known location for buying and selling small antiques, coins and medals. It was located near the other famous Sunday market - Petticoat Lane.
In the mid 1960s Laurie attended St. Stephen's Church over 18's youth club at Thornton Heath and later worked as a Computer Programmer for Prudential Assurance (now Prudential plc) where he was one of the very early users of the programming language COBOL. He worked for the 'Pru' as it was more commonly known for just over eight years. He left to become a full-time coin dealer, at the same time adding to his collection of Victorian Pennies from such dealers as James Leonard, an Australian-born dealer who lived near him in Streatham, London. He also augmented his collection from the coin dealers Stewart Ward based in Bond Street, London.
In 1982, Laurie teamed up with Graeme and Linda Monk to establish Croydon Coin Auctions with the business making its first sale on 4 March 1983. Between them, they ran 196 auctions in total over a 22-year period.
He held responsibility for promoting music concerts at the Gun Tavern in Croydon, Surrey featuring such artists as 'Tatty Ollity' and 'Bill Posters Will Be Band' formed in 1983 which was a jazz vaudeville offspring of the famous Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band and Bob Kerr's Whoopee Band for whom he was publicity manager.
He was the unofficial booker for the band called Ivor Biggun headed by Doc Cox and the Vulgar Band, often appearing as vocalist (although he preferred the term heckler). He was also a regular and doorman at The Cartoon which was Croydon's main venue for new bands yet to sign for a new record label.
Bamford was considered the bulwark of the main collectors, despite working in a narrow field of numismatics but he must be considered important just for that. Therefore his place in the hall of fame derives from this originality. He was a pioneer in popularising the hobby of coin collecting in the UK. He has been accredited with suggesting that the reason the English sixpence, a small silver coin, was nicknamed a 'simon' was because of the famous 17th century engraver at the London Mint, Thomas Simon.
Bamford died suddenly from a suspected heart attack in December 2005 aged just 58.
He was founder member of the Croydon Real Ale Preservation Society which held a 'session' in his honour after his death in December 2005. He leaves behind his brother Richard and his nephews and nieces.
His coin collection (204 lots) was sold on 20 June 2006 at auction in London. It contained an extensive collection of rare Victorian 'bun head' pennies dated 1860 to 1894 (his specialist collecting arena) and realised £110,030.

</doc>
<doc id="20032922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032922" title="Omero Bonoli">
Omero Bonoli

Omero Bonoli (September 17, 1909 – March 1934) was an Italian artistic gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He was born in Ravenna.
In 1932 he won the silver medal in the pommel horse competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20032930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032930" title="Albert Fear">
Albert Fear

Albert Fear (25 August 1907 – 26 July 2000) was a Welsh rugby union flanker who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales.
Rugby career.
Before joining first class team Newport, Fear played for Abertillery where he worked as a coal miner. In 1931 the touring South African national team played a joint Abertillery / Cross Keys side of which Fear was selected. It was an extremely tight game, which the unfancied Welsh team gaining in strength as the match progressed, eventually the Springboks won through 10-9.
It took Fear another three years to gain recognition from the Welsh selectors, when on February 3, 1935 he was capped to face Scotland during the Home Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of Claude Davey Wales were victorious over a fairly inexperienced Scottish side, winning 13-6. Fear was re-selected for the next game of the tournament against Ireland at St Helens, and in a game dominated by Wales, Fear scored his first and only international points when he scored a try for his country. Fear returned for Wales the next year when he played in the same two fixtures against Scotland and Ireland in the 1935 Championship, though these were his last international caps.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20032947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032947" title="A Força Verde">
A Força Verde

A Força Verde is the fifth solo album by Brazilian singer/guitarist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1982.
Track listing.
2003 Re-Issue.
All music by Zé Ramalho.

</doc>
<doc id="20032953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032953" title="Giovanni Lattuada">
Giovanni Lattuada

Giovanni Lattuada (January 12, 1905 – April 16, 1984) was an Italian artistic gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Caronno Pertusella.
In 1932 he won the bronze medal in the rings competition. He also participated in the horizontal bar event and finished twelfth.

</doc>
<doc id="20032979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20032979" title="G. N.">
G. N.

G. N. is the fourth album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1981.
Track listing.
All songs by Gianna Nannini

</doc>
<doc id="20033010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033010" title="David Walker (American football coach)">
David Walker (American football coach)

David Lee Walker (born December 4, 1969) is an assistant football coach for the Indianapolis Colts.
Early life.
Walker grew up in the Rochester, New York suburb of Irondequoit, where he was a four-time all-county football player. He was captain of an Irondequoit Indians team that won the Sectional championship in 1987, and was later selected as an inaugural member of the Section V Football Hall of Fame.
Playing career.
Recruited by dozens of major colleges, Walker chose to attend Syracuse University, where he became one of the most prolific running backs for a school renowned for great runners. He finished his college career with 2,643 rushing yards, which was the fourth best total in school history when he graduated. He was behind Joe Morris (4,299 yards), Larry Csonka (2,934), and Floyd Little (2,704) and ahead of Heisman Trophy winner Ernie Davis and Hall of Famer Jim Brown. Walker earned All-Big East honors twice. He captained the 1992 team, leading it to a number 6 national ranking, 10-2 overall record and 26-22 victory over Colorado in the Fiesta Bowl.
Walker was not selected in the 1994 NFL draft, but signed a free-agent contract with the Miami Dolphins. He was assigned to the team's practice squad, but was released without appearing in a regular season game. 
Coaching career.
Walker spent the 1994 season as an assistant coach at Miami's Carol City High School. In 1995 he returned to his alma mater as the running backs coach for the Syracuse Orange, a position he held for ten seasons. During that time, he tutored six running backs who would go on to play in the NFL. He oversaw four consecutive 1,000-yard rushers from 2000–03, a Syracuse record. Overall, Walker coached three of the Orange's top seven all-time leading rushers.
Following the 2004 season, Walker left Syracuse to join Dave Wannstedt's staff at the University of Pittsburgh, where he remained through the 2010 season. Two of the running backs he coached at Pittsburgh went on to the NFL. 
In January 2011, he was named running backs coach at the University of Maryland, but three weeks later he was hired to the same position by the NFL's Indianapolis Colts. Although head coach Jim Caldwell and most of his staff were fired following the 2011 season, the Colts announced that Walker would be retained. He remains in that position through the 2013 season.
Coaching Timeline

</doc>
<doc id="20033020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033020" title="SalMar">
SalMar

SalMar ASA is a Norwegian fish farm company. It holds 52 licenses for atlantic salmon in Norway, located in Trøndelag, Nordmøre and, through the subsidiary Senja Sjøfarm AS, Troms. It also owns 50% of Norskott Havbruk that operates fish farms as Scottish Sea Farms. The company is based in Frøya and is since 2007 listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The company was founded in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20033040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033040" title="Upasana Singh">
Upasana Singh

Upasana Singh is an Indian actress and stand-up comedian. Upasana is famous for her role as a deaf and dumb in the 1997 film Judaai. She now plays the character of "Bua" (paternal aunt) in the TV show Comedy Nights with Kapil. She is popular for her onscreen style and Punjabi and funny English dialogue delivery.
Career.
Upasana Singh debuted in the 1986 film "Babul". Since then, she has acted in many regional films and is a known face in the Punjabi, Gujarati and Hindi film industry. She has also done numerous supporting roles for films such as Darr, Jawani Zindabad, Loafer, Judaai, Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon, Mujhse Shaadi Karogi, Aitraaz, Old Is Gold, My Friend Ganesha, Golmaal Returns, and Hungama.
Upasana is known for her comic roles in films and television and has appeared in many popular series like Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat, Pari Hoon Main, Maayka, Ye Meri Life Hai, Bani - Ishq Da Kalma and Sonpari. Upasana became a household name with her current stint as the desperate "Bua" (paternal aunt) in the hit TV show Comedy Nights with Kapil, particularly for her trademark dialogue "Bittu, Kaun hai ye aadmi?" (Bittu, who is this man?).
Personal Life.
Upasana Singh is married to actor Neeraj Bharadwaj, who has acted in many series on Doordarshan and a few Hindi and Bhojpuri films. They met and fell in love, when working together for the series “Ae Dile Nadaan”. 

</doc>
<doc id="20033046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033046" title="World Women's Wrestling">
World Women's Wrestling

World Women's Wrestling (WWW or Triple W) was a New England based female independent professional wrestling promotion. New England Championship Wrestling (NECW) recognized the World Women's Wrestling Championship, and it was defended at NECW events.
Championship.
The World Women's Wrestling Championship was a professional wrestling title contested in World Women's Wrestling and New England Championship Wrestling. It was originally known as NECW World Women's Championship until the NECW and PWF Mayhem Women's Championships were unified. The current champion is Alexxis Nevaeh, who is in her third reign. Due to the closing of NECW and WWW on November 6, 2010, Nevaeh is recognized as the former WWW Champion as the title was not retained by PWF Northeast.
Reigns.
As of , .

</doc>
<doc id="20033065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033065" title="Red Fleet State Park">
Red Fleet State Park

Red Fleet State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, featuring a reservoir and a fossil trackway of dinosaur footprints. The park is located north of Vernal.
Geography.
Red Fleet State Park lies at an elevation of in northeastern Utah, immediately south of the Uinta Mountains. The climate is arid with hot summers and cold winters. Surrounded by red slick rock formations, the park got its name from three large Navajo sandstone outcrops that look like a fleet of ships as they jut up from the reservoir. 
Plant life at the park includes juniper, various cacti, and sagebrush. 
Wildlife includes badgers, bobcat, coyote, deer, and rabbit. Birds include golden eagles, hawks, bluebirds, vultures, owls, and osprey.
Park facilities.
Year-round park facilities include a sand beach, boat launching ramp, restrooms, 29 RV campsites, a picnic area, sewage disposal, and fish cleaning stations. Recently a dinosaur trackway dating back 200 million years was discovered in the area. Nearby attractions include Dinosaur National Monument, Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area, Steinaker and Utah Field House of Natural History state parks, and rafting and fishing on the Green River.
Red Fleet Dam.
The Red Fleet Dam is a , earthfill dam. The reservoir is fed by Big Bush Creek, and is part of the CUP-Jensen Unit project. It was constructed in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20033070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033070" title="Frederick G. Zinsser">
Frederick G. Zinsser

Frederick G. Zinsser was a resident of Hastings-on-Hudson, New York who opened a chemical plant on the waterfront of the Hudson River, producing a wood alcohol known as Hastings Spirits. The plant was sold to Harshaw Chemical Company in 1955.
The Zinsser plant attracted Hungarians, Poles, Hungarians, Czechs, and Russians who immigrated for work.
Zinsser Park, in northwestern Hastings between Broadway and the Old Croton Aqueduct, is named for him. 

</doc>
<doc id="20033087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033087" title="Mario Lertora">
Mario Lertora

Mario Lertora (September 21, 1897 – March 28, 1939) was an Italian artistic gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Genoa.
In 1924 he was a member of the Italian team which won the gold medal in the team all-around event.
In the 1924 Summer Olympics he also participated in the following events:
In 1932 he was part of the Italian team which won the gold medal in the team all-around event. He also won a bronze medal in the floor competition.
In the 1932 Summer Olympics he also participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20033122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033122" title="Island Press (Australia)">
Island Press (Australia)

Island Press is an Australian publisher of poetry and other interests.
Island Press was founded in 1970 by Canadian poet, musician and Sydney University lecturer Philip Roberts. He lived on Scotland Island at that time, hence the name. In 1973 Philip moved to Bundeena. The first ten Island Press books were printed on expensive paper on an old hand-operated press, with hand-set lead type. In the mid-seventies this press was sold to Sydney University where it was used to print diplomas for a few years. In 1979 Philip Roberts returned to Canada and gave Island Press to the "discriminative eye" (Imago, September 1994) Philip Hammial. PH moved to Woodford in the Blue Mountains in late 1994. During its long career Island has published more than 50 titles.
"With a small press, what you lose in distribution, you gain in personal concern and cooperative effort. Hammial is energetic on beghalf of his poets..." (Heather Cam, Sydney Morning Herald, 11 June 1994)
Books published include Philip Hammial, Rae Desmond Jones, Barbara De Francheschi, Les Wicks, David Brooks, Lizz Murphy, Jutta Sieverding, Martin Langford, Leith Morton, Carolyn Gerrish, Rob Reil, Barbara Petrie, Marcelle Freiman, Adam Aitken, J S Harry, Anthony Mannix, Denis Gallagher, John Tranter, Kris Hemensley, Andrew Taylor, Philip Roberts, Ken Bolton, Michael Witts, Keith Shadwick, Andrew Huntley, Robert Adamson, Martin Johnston and Kevin Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="20033123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033123" title="Lewis Clarke">
Lewis Clarke

Lewis Clarke was an ex-slave who published his experiences in his work, "Narrative of the Sufferings of Lewis Clarke".
Lewis Garrard Clarke was born in Madison County, Kentucky, seven miles from Richmond, in 1812. Depending on the source, Clarke's birth year is listed as 1812 or 1815. He is best known for his narrative, "Narrative of the Sufferings of Lewis Clarke, During a Captivity of More Than Twenty-Five Years, Among the Algerines of Kentucky, One of the So Called Christian States of North America", which was dictated by himself 
In the beginning of his narrative, Clarke expounds upon his slave and plantation-owning grandfather, Samuel Campbell. Campbell took a mistress in a female slave named Mary who, according to Clarke, was half white. They had one daughter, Letitia Campbell before Campbell married. Clarke's father, Daniel Clarke, was a Scottish weaver who came to America for the American Revolution. He had married once before but his wife died and left him two sons. He fought as a Minuteman at the Battle of Bunker Hill and remained active until the end of the war effort. Campbell promised Clarke's father that Letitia would be free in his will, and with this promise, Clarke's father married her around 1800.
Clarke's father died when Clarke was either 10 or 12 years old after receiving a devastating wound leaving him disabled, possibly paralyzed. Even when promised freedom, Letitia did not receive it and stayed enslaved as Clarke claims Campbell's heirs destroyed the will. During this time, Clarke fell into the hands of his grandfathers children, being the property of William and Betsy Benson, who treated him brutally. After Clarke learned he would be sold in New Orleans, Clarke fled to Ohio and across Lake Erie into Canada in 1841. On arriving in Canada:
"When I stepped ashore here, I said, sure enough I am free. Good heaven! what a sensation, when it first visits the bosom of a full grown man - one, born to bondage - one, who had been taught from early infancy, that this was his inevitable lot for life."
He published "Narrative of the Sufferings of Lewis Clarke" around 1846; and travelled about giving lectures on his experiences as a slave. It was during one of those travels that he met Harriet Beecher Stowe, who was so impressed by Clarke and his story that she would base the character George Harris in her novel Uncle Tom's Cabin on Clarke.
While Clarke was not travelling, he lived in Warren County, Pennsylvania before moving over the New York border to the town of Busti, New York in 1850, where he worked as a farm hand on the farm of David Storum, the father-in-law of African-American abolitionist Jermain Wesley Loguen. After the end of the Civil War, he returned South and died on December 16, 1897 in Louisville, Kentucky. His body lay in state at the Kentucky State Capitol on order of Governor Bradley, and he was subsequently buried in Westwood Cemetery in Oberlin, Ohio.
References.
[http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/saxon/utc/abolitn/abaulcbt.html]
[http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/black_voices/voices_display.cfm?id=56]
[http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/clarke/clarke.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20033129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033129" title="Paweł Wojciechowski (footballer born 1984)">
Paweł Wojciechowski (footballer born 1984)

Paweł Wojciechowski (born April 30, 1984 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish defender who plays for Lechia Zielona Góra.
Career.
Club.
Youth career began in the LSPM Zielona Góra. Senior career began in Lech/Zryw Zielona Góra, after the team performed under the name of Lech Zielona Góra. He later moved to Górnik Zabrze. In the three years spent in Zabrze, he played 34 matches and scored 1 goal. Then represented the colors of Cracovia. After 3 years spent there, he played 17 events. Later he moved on to round Polonia Bytom autumn, playing in 10 games. Round spring is not spent in any club. But the next season he spent in Lechia Zielona Góra. He was tested by Widzew Lodz, but moved to Gorzów Wielkopolski.
In May 2011, he joined Olimpia Elbląg.

</doc>
<doc id="20033130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033130" title="Tennessee State Route 67">
Tennessee State Route 67

State Route 67 is a state-maintained highway in northeastern Tennessee, including a four-lane divided highway segments in both Washington County and Carter County, and part of a significant two-lane segment passing over the Butler Bridge some above the TVA Watauga Reservoir (also referred locally to as Watauga Lake) near Butler in Johnson County, Tennessee.
Route description.
Washington County.
In 1988, Tennessee State Route 67 was completed a freeway between Johnson City and Elizabethton as part of Quad-Cities Beltway projects.
Carter County.
SR 67 enters in Carter County just past the Milligan Highway Exit at the Johnson City/Elizabethton city limits on a freeway four-lane segment. Traveling from Johnson City, this mostly unlighted freeway segment of SR 67 gains some modest elevation before finally rolling over a significant slope and finally arriving at cautioned marked sloped curve just before the freeway segment ends at the traffic signalled SR 362 Milligan Highway exit (near both the Elizabethton Municipal Golf Course and the Elizabethton Fire Department #3 Substation on the right).
Elizabethton.
At the SR 362/Milligan Highway exit, SR 67 continues on into Elizabethton as a four-lane down onto a mostly level and commercially developed segment (beginning at the junction SR 362 at Gap Creek Road) that is locally referred to as Elk Avenue. The City of Elizabethton itself mostly lies within two river valleys ringed by high mountains and significant hills.
SR 67/Elk Avenue parallels the Watauga River (to the left and north) before passing by a reconstructed interpretation of Fort Watauga at Fort Sycamore Shoals State Park (the historical site of both the 1775 Transylvania Purchase and also the later staging area of the Overmountain Men defeated British Loyalists in South Carolina during the 1780 Battle of Kings Mountain) and the Sycamore Shoals Hospital (on the left) and moving more distantly away from the Watauga River. There are at least three usually busy local intersections with traffic signals found along this stretch of SR 67, including: Hudson Avenue (Wal-Mart on the left), Bemberg Road (Elizabethton High School on the right), and Mill Street (Krystal's on the left) before arriving at the Y-forked intersection with traffic signals where SR-67 leaves the remainder of Elk Avenue through the Elizabethton downtown business district.
SR 67/Broad Street first passes over the Doe River in Elizabethton on the c. 1926 concrete arch Broad Street bridge while continuing on as a four lane, and then SR 67 passes through the non-traffic signalled intersection of Main Street before turning south (right) with traffic signals from the next major intersection of Broad Street with U.S. Highway 19-E/SR 67 (and the Food City grocery store) and travelling again on south across the Doe River at the East Side bridges within Elizabethton.
Further on south, the four-laned highway runs closely paralleled with the Doe River (on the left), SR 67 starts gaining some gradual elevation and eventually crossing a section of bridges over the Doe River at the Valley Forge community just out side of the Elizabethton City limits (a left turn off SR 67 and onto Beck Moutanin Road after the first bridge is an alternative route to both the TVA Watauga Dam and the TVA Wilbur Dam).
SR 67 completes a final fourth and curving high double bridge crossings before arriving at Hampton.
Hampton.
At the small, mountainous community of Hampton, the four-laned SR 67 veers left off U.S. Highway 19-E and begins as a two-lane segment, briefly passing by commercial areas with Hampton (including a U.S. post office, a Dollar General store and a non-attended public vehicle parking area for Appalachian Trail hikers arriving or entering the "AT" at Hampton), and then exiting Hampton over a high ridge.
Watauga Lake.
Upon leaving Hampton, SR 67 again continually increases in elevation and roughly runs several miles parallel between both the shoreline of the massive TVA Watauga Reservoir (also known locally as Watauga Lake) and the Cherokee National Forest. The TVA Watauga Dam can be seen in the distance across the reservoir at the Rat Branch Boat Launch at SR-67.
SR-67 eventually passes over the TVA Watauga Reservoir at the high Butler Bridge before entering Johnson County.
Johnson County.
In Johnson County, the route continues east toward Mountain City, Tennessee, it junctions with SR-167 in the Doeville community and it Mountain City it begins a concurrency with US-421 and junctions with the former alignment of SR-91 and then turns south again, and junctions with SR-167 again heads south to Trade where the route leaves US-421 heads east to end at the North Carolina state line.

</doc>
<doc id="20033131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033131" title="Susquenita School District">
Susquenita School District

Susquenita School District is a midsized, public school district located in Perry County, Pennsylvania and includes one township in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. Susquenita School District encompasses approximately . Susquenita School District encompasses the boroughs of Marysville, New Bufallo, and Duncannon. It also serves the townships Watts, Wheatfield, Penn, and Rye, as well as Reed Dauphin County. According to a 2009 local census data, it serves a resident population of 13,634. In 2009, the district residents' per capita income was $19,511, while median family income was $50,887. Per school district officials, in school year 2007–08, Susquenita School District provided basic educational services to 1,964 pupils through the employment of 175 teachers, 207 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 15 administrators.
Governance.
The school district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "C-" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
The district is served by the Capital Area Intermediate Unit 15 which offers a variety of services, including a completely developed K-12 curriculum that is mapped and aligned with the Pennsylvania Academic Standards (available online), shared services, a group purchasing program and a wide variety of special education and special needs services.
Academic achievement.
In 2013, Susquenita School District was ranked 393rd out of 500 Pennsylvania school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on student academic performance on the last three years of PSSA in: reading, writing, mathematics and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2013, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" reported an Overachievers Ranking for 500 Pennsylvania school districts. Susquenita School District ranked 483rd out of 500 public school districts. The publication describes the ranking as: "the ranking answers the question – which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
In 2009, the academic achievement of the students attending Susquenita School District was in the bottom 29th percentile among Pennsylvania's 500 school districts. Scale – (0–99; 100 is state best).
District AYP status history.
In 2012, Susquenita School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status even though none of its schools achieved AYP status under No Child Left Behind. In 2011, Susquenita School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Susquenita School District achieved AYP status each year from 2007 to 2010.
Graduation rate.
In 2007, Johns Hopkins University reported that Susquenita High School was among 47 Pennsylvania schools and 1700 nationwide high schools with high drop out rates.
In 2012, Susquenita School District's graduation rate was 91%. In 2011, Susquenita School District had a 94% graduation rate. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Susquenita School District's rate was 91% for 2010.
According to traditional graduation rate calculations:
High school.
Susquenita High School is located at 309 Schoolhouse Road, Duncannon. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010 the school had 684 pupils enrolled in grades 9th through 12th grades, with 155 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 55 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. In 2009, Susquenita High School ranked 467th out of 666 Pennsylvania high schools for the reading and mathematics achievement of its students.
In 2012, Susquenita High School declined to Warning AYP status due to lagging student achievement in each metric measured. In 2011 and 2010, the school achieved AYP status.
College remediation: According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 35% of Susquenita High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Graduation requirements.
To graduate from the Susquenita School District a student is required to earn 27 credits. Beginning with the class of 2012, students are required to earn the following: English 4 credits, Math 4 credits, Science 4 credits, Social Studies 4 credits, Physical Education 1.5 credits, Health 0.5 credits, and 9 electives.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
Beginning with the class of 2017, students must take the Keystone Exams in Literature, Biology and Algebra 1.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 81 Susquenita School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 494. The Math average score was 505. The Writing average score was 484. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 63 Susquenita School District students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 525. The Math average score was 520. The Writing average score was 504. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009–10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $3,488 for the program.
Middle school.
Susquenita Middle School is located at 200 Susquenita Drive, Duncannon. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010 the school had 572 pupils enrolled in grades 5th through 8th grades, with 178 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 47 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. In 2011, the attendance rate was 94%; while in 2010 the attendance rate was 95%.
Susquenita Middle School declined to Warning AYP status in 2012. Susquenita Middle School achieved AYPstatus in 2011. In 2010, the middle school achieved AYP using the Safe Harbor with Confidence Interval. Susquenita Middle School was in Making Progress: in Corrective Action II in 2009. The school is especially lagging in reading for economically disadvantaged students and for special education students. The middle school's combined 7th and 8th grades ranked 447th out of 829 Pennsylvania middle schools for student academic achievement in 2008–2009.
7th Grade Reading:
Susquenita Elementary School.
Susquenita Elementary School is located at 101 Susquenita Drive, Duncannon. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010 the school had 668 pupils enrolled in grades kindergarten through 4th grades, with 236 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 50 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
In 2012, Susquenita Elementary School declined further to Corrective Action I AYP status under No Child Left Behind due to low reading achievement. In 2011, Susquenita Elementary School was in Making Progress: in School Improvement II level. Susquenita Elementary School declined to School Improvement II status due to low reading skills in 2010. It was cited by the Pennsylvania Department of Education as a candidate for a School Improvement intervention. The school was eligible for extra funding from the state and federal government. Susquenita Elementary School was in Making Progress: in School Improvement I due to low reading skills for special education students in 2009.
Special education.
In December 2010, Susquenita School District administration reported that 351 pupils or 187% of the District's pupils received Special Education services, with 56% of those identified as having a specific learning disability. In December 2009, the district administration reported that 361 pupils or 18% of the district's pupils received Special Education services.
In compliance with state and federal laws, the District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Department of Special Education.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provides public school districts with a statewide total of $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Special Education funding structure is through the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) funds and state appropriations. IDEA funds are appropriated to the state on an annual basis and distributed through intermediate units (IUs) to school districts, while state funds are distributed directly to the districts. Total funds that are received by school districts are calculated through a formula. The Pennsylvania Department of Education oversees four appropriations used to fund students with special needs: Special Education; Approved Private Schools; Pennsylvania Chartered Schools for the Deaf and Blind; and Early Intervention. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each public school district and charter school to have a three-year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Over identification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education.
Susquenita School District received a $1,331,925 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011-12 and 2012-13 school years, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 81 or 4.19% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The primary emphasis is on enrichment and acceleration of the regular education curriculum through a push in model with the gifted instructor in the classroom with the regular instructor. This approach permits such specialized instructional strategies as tiered assignments, curriculum compacting, flexible grouping, learning stations, independent projects and independent contracts. Students identified as gifted attending the High School have access to honors and advanced placement courses, and dual enrollment with local colleges. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Bullying policy.
While there were 35 school safety incidents in 2011, Susquenita School District Administration reported there were no incidents of bullying in the District. Susquenita School District Administration reported there were 3 incidents of bullying in the district in 2009.
The Susquenita School Board has provided the district's antibully/cyberbullying policy online. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Budget.
In 2011, the average teacher salary in Susquenita School District was $49,913 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers receive was $15,742 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $66,656.
In 2009, Susquenita School District administration reported employing 181 teachers with an average salary of $49,333. The salary range was $39,191 to $87,290.
In 2007, Susquenita School District employed 149 teachers who earned an average teacher salary of $48,089 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, a retirement bonus and other benefits. For the 2008–09 and 2009–10 school years, teachers paid a contribution towards their employer based health insurance. According to State Rep. Glen Grell, a trustee of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees’ Retirement System Board, a 40-year educator can retire with a pension equal to 100 percent of their final salary. In April 2010 the board and union agreed to a fact finder report which called for: 3.10 percent salary increase inclusive of step retroactive for 2009–10, and a 3 percent step-inclusive increase for 2010–11 and 2011–12, a step for Master’s Degree plus 30 credits be added to the schedule, and a three-year contract.
Susquenita School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 were $753.76 per pupil. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil.
Per pupil spending In 2008, the district reported spending $13,226 per pupil which ranked 161st in the commonwealth. In 2010, the per pupil spending had increased to $15,299.29 Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759. The U.S. Census Bureau reports that Pennsylvania spent $8,191 per pupil in school year year 2000-01.
Fund Balance Reserves In 2008, district officials reported an unreserved-undesignated fund balance of $5,545,468.00. In 2010, Susquenita School District Administration reported $4,794,124 in the unreserved-undesignated fund balance and a reserved-undesignated fund balance of $5,000,000 for total reserves of $9,794,124. Pennsylvania public school district reserve funds are divided into two categories – designated and undesignated. The undesignated funds are not committed to any planned project. Designated funds and any other funds, such as capital reserves, are allocated to specific projects. School districts are required by state law to keep 5 percent of their annual spending in the undesignated reserve funds to preserve bond ratings. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, from 2003 to 2010, as a whole, Pennsylvania school districts amassed nearly $3 billion in reserved funds.
Audit In May 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. Findings were reported to the school board members and the administration.
Tuition Students who live in the District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to Susquenita School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the District's schools. The 2012 tuition rates are Elementary School - $8,695.88, High School - $10,437.95.
Susquenita School District is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax 1.8%, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax regardless of the individual wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012-13 school year, Susquenita School District received $7,905,514 in state basic education funding. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block grant program. Susquenita School District received $160,336 for 2012-13. The state also provided a $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS. This amount is a $21,823,000 increase (0.34%) over the 2011-2012 appropriations for Basic Education Funding, School Employees' Social Security, Pupil Transportation, Nonpublic and Charter School Pupil Transportation. Since taking office, Corbett’s first two budgets have restored more than $918 million in support of public schools, compensating for the $1 billion in federal stimulus dollars lost at the end of the 2010-11 school year.
For the 2011-12 school year, Susquenita School District received $7,745,178 in state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the district will receive $160,336 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget includes $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. Districts experienced a reduction in funding, due to the loss of federal stimulus funding, which ended in 2011. In 2010, the district reported that 558 pupils received a free or reduced-price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
For the 2010–11 school year, the state provided Susquenita School District with a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $8,404,930. Among Perry County school districts the highest funding increase went to West Perry School District at 5.14%. One hundred fifty school districts in Pennsylvania received a base 2% increase in state basic education funding. The highest increase of state funding in 2010–11 was 23.65% which went to Kennett Consolidated School District of Chester County. The amount of increase each school district receives is determined by then Governor Edward G. Rendell and then Secretary of Education, Gerald Zahorchak through the allocation set in the state budget proposal made in February each year. This was the second year of Governor Rendell's plan to have the state fund some school districts at a much higher rate than others.
In the 2009–2010 budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 6.39% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $8,240,128. This was the highest funding increase in the county. The state Basic Education funding to the district in 2008–09 was $7,745,178.40. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 508 students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year. The district also received supplemental funding for: Title I (federal funding for low-income students), for district size, a poverty supplement from the Commonwealth and more. The highest state funding increase was 22.31% to Muhlenberg School District in Berks County. The Susquenita School District reported that, in 2009, 508 pupils qualified for the free and reduced-price lunch program due to meeting the federal poverty level.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004–2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010–11 the district applied for and received $435,193 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The Susquenita School District uses the funding to provide reduced class size K-3rd (3rd year) and for full-day kindergarten (1st year – 2009).
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006 through 2009. Susquenita School District received funding in 2008 of $268,410. In 2009 the district received $48,973.
Education Assistance grant.
Susquenita School Administration did not apply for the state's Education Assistance Grant. The state's EAP funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds are available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code.
Environmental Education Grant.
The Environmental Education Grant Program was established by the Environmental Education Act of 1993, which mandates that 5 percent of all pollution fines and penalties collected annually by the Department of Environmental Protection be set aside for environmental education. In 2012, Susquenita School District was awarded $6,418. Grant recipients must use the funding for various initiatives, including environmental field trips for students, implementing environmental education curriculum at schools
Other grants available.
Susquenita School District did not participate in PreK Counts (taxpayer funded preschool), Science Its Elementary grants, the federal 21st Century Learning grants, the federal Safe Schools Targeted Grant nor the Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant. One Perry County school district received the Literacy grant funding and another Perry County District receives PreK Counts funding.
Federal Stimulus ARRA.
The district received an extra $1,598,172 in ARRA – Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. This was in addition to all regular, annual state and federal funding. The funding was limited to the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly advised to use the funds for one-time expenditures like acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top Grant.
Susquenita School District officials chose to not apply for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have brought the district hundreds of thousands of additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
School Improvement Grant.
In the summer of 2011, the Susquenita School District administration did not apply for School Improvement Grant funding, from the federal government (over $9.9 million available). Susquenita Elementary School was eligible for funding. The grant stipulates the funds be used for improving student achievement using one of four federally dictated strategies. The strategies are: transformation, turnaround, restart with new faculty and administration or closure of failing schools. Transformation calls for a change in faculty and administration evaluations, mandated training in proven teaching techniques and rigorous curriculum change that focuses on student achievement. The Pennsylvania Education Secretary awarded $66 Million to reform Pennsylvania's lowest-achieving schools
For 2010-11, Susquenita School District did not apply for a School Improvement Grant. It was eligible for funding due to the chronic, low achievement at the elementary school.
In 2010, Pennsylvania received $141 million from the federal department of education, to turn around its worst-performing schools. The funds were disbursed via a competitive grant program. The Pennsylvania Department of Education has identified 200 Pennsylvania schools as "persistently lowest-achieving," making them eligible for this special funding. Pennsylvania required low performing schools to apply or provide documentation about why they had not applied. The funds must be used, by the district, to turn around schools in one of four ways: school closure, restart - close the school and reopen it as a charter school. The other two options involve firing the principal. One would require at least half the faculty in a chronically poor performing school be dismissed. The second involves intensive teacher training coupled with strong curriculum revision or a longer school day.
Common Cents initiative.
The school board elected to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
For the 2012-13 school year, the Susquenita School Board levied real estate taxes on district property owners, in Dauphin County, at 19.5550 mills. Property taxes for district residents, in Perry County, were set at 12.2000 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts.
Susquenita School District includes municipalities in two different counties, each county has different rates of property tax assessment, necessitating a state board equalization of the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the State Tax Equalization Board (STEB) were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts, including those that did not cross county borders.
According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. The average yearly property tax paid by Perry County residents amounts to about 3.11% of their yearly income. Perry County is ranked 538th of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. In Dauphin County, property owners pay 3.48% of their income in property taxes which ranks 382nd in the USA.
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011–2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Susquenita School District 2006–2007 through 2011–2012.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Susquenita School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. In Area School District the approved real estate tax rate Increase due to exceptions was 3.7148 mills.
Susquenita School Board applied for several exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011, including: special education costs, maintenance of local effort, and pension costs. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
For the 2012-13 school year, approved homesteads received $178 in property tax relief. For 2010, the residents received $180 in property tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. In the district, 4184 property owners applied for the tax relief. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption.
In 2009, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Susquenita School District was $182 per approved permanent primary residence. This was among the lowest amounts in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In the district, 4143 property owners applied for the tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, so people who make substantially more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurricular.
The district offers a variety of: clubs, activities and a costly sports programs. Eligibility to participate is set by the school board.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those home schooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
The drama department was nominated for two Hershey Apollo awards (best pit band and best play) and won the award for 2011 best pit band.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="20033142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033142" title="Century Plaza">
Century Plaza

Century Plaza was an enclosed shopping mall in Birmingham, Alabama, USA. Opened in 1975, the mall originally included four anchor stores and more than one hundred tenants, but lost three of those anchors (JCPenney, Belk and Rich's-Macy's) in the mid-2000s. In May 2009, the mall was completely closed as Sears and the rest of the stores in the mall closed. The mall was managed by General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois at the time of its closure. It is now owned by the Howard Hughes Corporation. On January 3, 2012 they made the proposal that the mall should be turned into a jail and court facility.
History.
Century Plaza opened in 1975 on the eastern side of Birmingham, Alabama, on U. S. Route 78 (Crestwood Blvd.) near Interstate 20, across from the existing Eastwood Mall. The mall's original anchor stores included Sears (which opened in 1974), Rich's, Loveman's of Alabama and JCPenney. Loveman's later was replaced by Pizitz, which in turn became McRae's in 1987.
Rich's was dual-branded as Rich's-Macy's in 2003 when Macy's acquired the Rich's chain. The Rich's-Macy's store at Century Plaza, however, closed after only one year in operation and was never rechristened as "Macy's". A Piccadilly Cafeteria in the mall also closed that same year.
When plans were announced to demolish Eastwood Mall across the street in 2004, two of the mall's tenants (Books-A-Million and Parisian) had announced preliminary plans to relocate to Century Plaza, with the latter taking over the McRae's space. McRae's was eventually converted to Belk in 2006 when the chain was acquired, but closed later that same year. JCPenney also closed in 2006, and many inline tenants began to close as well. In February 2009, it was announced that Sears, the last remaining anchor, would close its store by May 31.
Mall closing.
Century Plaza closed at the end of business on May 31, 2009. At the time of its closing, fewer than 40 stores, including Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Finish Line and RadioShack remained open in the mall. General Growth Properties announced that Sears would remain open through June 14 in order to complete the liquidation of the store. As of December 19, 2011, the mall was still empty and no progress had been made in doing anything with it.

</doc>
<doc id="20033166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033166" title="Marine Farms">
Marine Farms

Marine Farms ASA is a Norwegian fish farming company. Based in Bergen, it operates salmon farms in the United Kingdom and Spain, through the subsidiaries Lakeland and Culmarex, respectively. It also holds investments in Belize and Vietnam. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The company was founded in 1976 as Lax AS by Bjørn Myrseth, for his ownership in Stolt Sea Farm. The Stolt shares were sold in 1987, and the company started making its own investments in fish farming.

</doc>
<doc id="20033174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033174" title="Kaayam">
Kaayam

Kaayam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20033191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033191" title="Mercy Bay">
Mercy Bay

Mercy Bay is a Canadian Arctic waterway in the Northwest Territories. It is a southern arm of M'Clure Strait on northeast Banks Island. The mouth of Castel Bay is less than to the west. These bays are a part of Aulavik National Park.
HMS "Investigator".
In September 1851, Captain Robert McClure's ship, became ice trapped in Mercy Bay during his search for the Northwest Passage and the lost Sir John Franklin Expedition. By 1853, it was finally abandoned in the bay. The crew sledged over ice to Melville Island, where they were rescued. 
In July 2010, Parks Canada archeologists looking for the HMS "Investigator" found it fifteen-minutes after they started a sonar scan of Banks Island, Mercy Bay, Northwest Territories. The archeology crew has no plans to raise the ship. They will do a thorough sonar scan of the area, then send a remotely operated vehicle. The Canadian archaeologists found the ship "largely intact" sitting upright in approximately 25 feet of pristine arctic water.

</doc>
<doc id="20033195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033195" title="Originality (album)">
Originality (album)

Originality is the third studio album by Nigerian R&B Superstar Faze released on October 6, 2008. The album gained the tag of being 'THE MOST ANTICIPATED ALBUM OF THE YEAR 2008' as well the most personal album by Faze.
Production.
The production of the album is much different from his last two platinum albums as he dropped some his regular producers such as OJB JEZREEL, COHBAMS, I.D. CABASA & MR DAZ and embraced new producers for his chart bursting Originality album such as Waz Beat (he produced most of the songs in the album) and J.Sleek, while maintaining productions by Spankie (the producer of Kolomental one Nigeria's greatest hit ever) and Jah Mix (who produced the Remix to the hit Kpo Kpo Di Kpo).
The beats signal a clear change in producers as it features more Africanized beats than ever in any Faze album, thereby indicating true Originality as the album title denotes.
The mixing and mastering of the album were done by Foster Zeeno, Jah Mix, Indomix, Klem, Richie (from Ghana).
Reception and Charts.
After a successful multi-Platinum selling "Independent", Originality has received the tag "The Most Anticipated Album of the Year 2008. The first time the performing artiste will get such recognition for releasing any of his albums. The album also paved way for Faze as the first Nigerian Contemporary artiste to have three of his albums go platinum consecutively.
Having pushed out over One million copies by the end of October its first lead single Originality has being a success in charts reaching the top three of charts like Super 7 (Africahit.com), Global countdown, Cosmo FM chart etc. 
Spend my money (official second single), Play Ball, Yawa Eh, Valentine's Day, Am in love, Dutty wine are also expected to make the singles list and if all do make it as singles it will pave way for another history for being the only album by Nigerian to have up 7 singles in an album. Originality also certifies Faze as one of Nigeria most consistent artiste releasing an album every two years the last 'Independent' was released on October 5, 2006.
Vocals and Lyrics.
Originality is Faze's most personal, reflective and revelatory collectory to date and combines his strong lyrics in his songs all mixed with his raspy voice.
Yawa Eh, Originality, I'm in love and Valentine's Day are his best lyrically noted tracks. other songs like Dutty Wine, Spend my money, Story of my life reflect Faze energetic vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="20033197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033197" title="Ernesto Álvarez">
Ernesto Álvarez

Ernesto Bernardo Álvarez (b. August 10, 1928 in Fuentes – d. September 27, 2010 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine and Chilean football striker. He played club football in Argentina and Chile.
Álvarez played youth football for América de Funtes and Rosario Central before joining Banfield in 1948. He went on to make 152 appearances for the club, scoring 56 goals.
In 1957 he moved to Chile toplay for Green Cross and in 1959 he joined Universidad de Chile where he became an important member of the team that became known as the "Ballet Azul" (Blue Ballet). He won four league championship titles with the club and is still one of the top scoring players in the history of the club with 82 goals in 190 games.
In 1963 he gained Chilean citizenship and played one game for the Chile national team against Uruguay in the "Copa Juan Pinto Durán".
Álvarez left "La U" in 1965 and returned to Green Cross, who had changed their name to Club de Deportes Temuco, he played his final season in 1967 for Audax Italiano.

</doc>
<doc id="20033199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033199" title="Trödler und Co">
Trödler und Co

"Trödler und Co" ("Dawdler and Co") was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed by Peter, Sue, Marc, Pfuri, Gorps and Kniri. The song was written by Peter Reber of Peter, Sue and Marc in the German language. The English-language version of the song was entitled "Second Hand Company".
Peter, Sue & Marc represented Switzerland at the Contest on four separate occasions, each time singing in a different language; in 1971 with "Les illusions de nos vingt ans" in French, in 1976 with "Djambo, Djambo" in English, in 1979 with "Trödler und Co" in German and finally in 1981 with "Io senza te" in Italian, a record in Eurovision history. 
"Trödler und Co" was performed 8th in the running order on the night of the contest, following Greece's Elpida with "Sokrati" and preceding Germany's Dschinghis Khan with "Dschinghis Khan". It received 60 points, placing 10th in a field of 19.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1980 contest by Paola with "Cinéma".

</doc>
<doc id="20033200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033200" title="David Bradbury (film maker)">
David Bradbury (film maker)

David Bradbury is an Australian film maker who began his career in 1972 as an ABC radio journalist, and has since produced 21 documentary films, including many that tackle difficult political issues and highlight the plight of the disadvantaged. Bradbury has won many international film festival prizes, received five Australian Film Industry awards, and two Academy Award nominations. He graduated from the Australian National University with a degree in political science.
"Front Line".
Bradbury's first film was "Front Line", a portrait of Australian news cameraman Neil Davis in Vietnam. The film received an Academy Award nomination and also won first prize at the Sydney and Melbourne Film Festivals, the Grierson award at the American Film Festival and was screened worldwide.
"Public Enemy Number One".
Another of Bradbury's films, "Public Enemy Number One", followed the life of controversial Australian journalist Wilfred Burchett, the first western journalist into Hiroshima after the bomb was dropped. The film won the Golden Gate Award for Best Documentary, the Christopher Statuette, Best Documentary at the Sydney Film Festival, and an AFI award, but was never shown on Australian TV.
"Blowin' In The Wind".
"Blowin' In The Wind" is about the joint military training facility at Shoalwater Bay near Rockhampton. This film follows on from "Shoalwater: Up for Grabs" which David worked on with then Midnight Oil lead singer Peter Garrett. Blowin' In The Wind looks at some of the health issues surrounding the Shoalwater Bay training facility and the effects of depleted uranium in theatres of war.
"A Hard Rain".
"A Hard Rain" is Bradbury’s 2007 documentary feature film that looks at the global nuclear industry from the mining of uranium through to nuclear power, to the radioactive waste and nuclear weapons. It examines the issue of whether Australia should go nuclear.
Other films.
Bradbury's other films include:

</doc>
<doc id="20033211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033211" title="Devil's Pie">
Devil's Pie

"Devil's Pie" is a song by American R&B and neo soul musician D'Angelo, released October 31, 1998 on Virgin Records. It was issued as a promotional single for his second studio album, 2000's "Voodoo". The song was composed by D'Angelo and hip hop producer DJ Premier of the group Gang Starr. "Devil's Pie" served as a departure for D'Angelo from the urban contemporary style of his previous commercially successful singles to the more experimental, "jam"-like sound that is predominant on "Voodoo", as well as the use of sampling in his music. The song appeared on the soundtrack to the 1998 film "Belly". DJ Premier originally made the track for Canibus but later offered it to D'angelo after Canibus rejected the song.
Composition.
Musical style.
Produced by D'Angelo and hip hop producer DJ Premier, "Devil's Pie" is one of the more hip hop-oriented recordings on "Voodoo", featuring extensive sampling and drum programming. Its distinctive sound consists of vintage P-Funk harmonies and contains several samples managed and programmed by Premier, including those from soul singer Teddy Pendergrass's 1977 "And If I Had", rapper Fat Joe's "Success", Pierre Henry's 1967 composition "Jericho Jerk", and "Interlude" by Wu-Tang member Raekwon.
Sample list.
Complete list of samples used for "Devil's Pie"; acquired from TheBreaks.com and "Voodoo" album liner notes.
Lyrical theme.
The song is a sparse funk diatribe on the excess of money and materialism in hip hop, with a minor reference to Five Percenter philosophy ("85 are dumb and blind/A third of people compromise"). A "Spin" magazine columnist later cited "Devil's Pie" as the album's centerpiece, while also describing it as a "sweaty, head-nodding sermon against the evil seduction of hip-hop materialism." According to producer and drummer Questlove, the song was written to address the issues of "the money hungry jiggafied state of the world we're in, which you can't eat without "dough", "cream", "ice", "cheddar", and "bread" (the key ingredients) and how the devil will destroy those who will sell their souls to him." The song's first and second verse continue the overall theme of the dangers and excesses of hip hop, as D'Angelo's lyrics comment on the image of prison and death used by hip hop artists, as well as lack of artistic integrity and selling out. The theme of materialism in hip hop music and culture is introduced in the second rendition of the chorus:
Personnel.
Credits adapted from album booklet liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20033215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033215" title="The Whole Donut">
The Whole Donut

The Whole Donut is a franchised company, that provides donuts and coffee, founded in 1955 in Hartford, Connecticut.
History.
The Whole Donut (Whole Donut) was founded in 1955 in Hartford, Connecticut. Between 1960–1990 expansion was relatively successful for Whole Donut and in its prime, Whole Donut operated ca. 33 locations in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York, Vermont, and Louisiana. Today despite a series of closures throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s, and as recently as 2008; The Whole Donut continues to operate successfully in one Massachusetts' and 10 Connecticut locations. In Connecticut two unique examples of Whole Donut stores exist: The Whole Donut Express, which operates within the Giant Grinder in Southington, Connecticut, and offers a smaller selection of products; and The Whole Donut-Blimpie combination stores. In two Connecticut towns, Bristol/Terryville and Enfield, multiple locations of Whole Donut exist.

</doc>
<doc id="20033225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033225" title="Bjørn Myrseth">
Bjørn Myrseth

Bjørn Myrseth (born 1944) is a Norwegian biologist and businessperson, and since 1987 chief executive officer of Marine Farms. Myrseth was educated in fishery biology from the University of Bergen, and was a co-founder of Stolt Sea Farms in 1972, where he was CEO until 1987. He then sold his stake in the company, and founded Marine Farms, where he continues as CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="20033236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033236" title="Sheva Alomar">
Sheva Alomar

Appearances.
Sheva Alomar made her first (and as of 2013, the only) game appearance in "Resident Evil 5". Described as a "new major protagonist", she has existed already during the early development phase of "Resident Evil 5". However, her face and story background changed several times while she underwent much of redesign and re-imagining as Capcom searched for the right look "to combine two qualities, feminine attraction and the strength of a fighting woman." Rejected in-game models of Sheva have been created for some of the prior game ideas that involve her being a civilian, a guerrilla or a military commander. Her character model was based on Australian actress Michelle Van Der Water, but her voice acting and motion capture were performed by Karen Dyer. Pre-order bonuses for the game included a sand globe with Sheva and Chris.
According to the character's backstory, Sheva's parents died when she was ar the age of eight in what appeared to be a factory accident. She was then taken in by her uncle to live with him and seven other children. Eventually, Sheva ran away and was found by a truck driver who took her in and looked after her, but unknown to Sheva, he was part of a rebel guerrilla group. She later joined the group and soon learned that the factory was actually the location of a final test of one of Umbrella Corporation's bio-organic weapons (BOWs); with the help of the local government, Umbrella destroyed Sheva's village and all inhabitants after the test was complete. Sheva remained with the guerrillas through her childhood. When she reached the age of 15, she was contacted by U.S. operatives to sabotage Umbrella's attempt to sell a BOW. With Sheva's help, the deal was stopped and Sheva was offered a chance to start a new life in America. Sheva accepted and, within months, she was speaking fluent English and enrolled in a university two years later. After graduation, her benefactor recruited her to join the Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance (BSAA). While Umbrella had dissolved years before this, Sheva's hatred of Umbrella and all others like them led her to join the BSAA. Sheva was assigned to Josh Stone's unit for eight months for training, in which she excelled and was chosen to become an operative agent assigned to the BSAA's West African department.
In "Resident Evil 5", Sheva acts as the player's ally (and an optional second player character in the co-operative gameplay mode) working with the BSAA agent and former American special police officer Chris Redfield. She gets partnered with Chris at the start of the Kijuju mission as his new partner, following the apparent death of Jill Valentine. During the events of the game, Sheva helps Chris to defeat the Tricell corporation's Kijuju conspiracy and the Uroboros plot. In the end, Sheva and Chris together destroy the series' villain Albert Wesker.
In the game's viral advertising videos, Sheva was played by Naja Hill, while Sheva's voice and motion actress posed for the 2009 calendar while dressed as the character in her various costumes. In 2009, two action figures of Sheva were released in the "RE5" series by NECA and Hot Toys An action figure by Square Enix and a resin kit by SomaliCraft were released only in Japan.
Reception.
Sheva was largely acclaimed. Already in 2007, UGO.com ranked Sheva as the seventh top "videogame hottie" of all time, declaring that ""RE5" may not be out yet, but we've seen enough of Sheva to know that she's got some serious acrobatic chops to go with all the zombie-slaying she'll be dishing out next year." In 2009, GameDaily featured her in the Babe of the Week galleries "Girl Power", "Brunettes" (describing her as both gorgeous and tough), and "Babes We're Thankful For". In 2010, Dave Meikleham of GamesRadar included her and Chris among the gaming's seven "most violent double acts", while Sarah Warn of AfterEllen ranked her as the 17th "hottest" female video game character. That same year, "" stated that "Sheva isn't just beautiful, she's smart and tough" and her addition "is probably the highlight of the "Resident Evil 5" experience", giving her the Outfit of the Year award for one of her alternate costumes. GamesRadar's Matt Cundy found her attire to be one of the most practical in the series, adding that "the absolute antithesis of vulnerable, Sheva is a walking fortress that is equal parts kick-ass and intimidating feminine sexuality." In 2012, "Complex" ranked her as the fourth best black character in video games, as well as the ninth "hottest" video game character overall.
However, not all reception was positive. IGN's Jesse Schedeen called Sheva a "walking bag of useless", stating their preference for the comeback of Rebecca Chambers. Schedeen also opined Sheva was "just dumb as a rock when it comes to fighting zombies", asking for more of Jill Valentine. Sheva's in-game AI was lambasted by ScrewAttack, who contrasted her with Alyx Vance from "Half-Life". 

</doc>
<doc id="20033237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033237" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 101">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 101

The 101st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lebanon County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20033272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033272" title="Mark Stephen Jendrysik">
Mark Stephen Jendrysik

Mark Jendrysik (born October 2, 1964) is a professor in the Political Science and Public Administration Department of the University of North Dakota (UND). Prior to his appointment at UND he held visiting positions at Bucknell University and the University of Mississippi. He also held a postdoctoral appointment at the Center for Survey Research of the University of Virginia. He likes to say that he was "seeing America one college at a time." He is primarily interested in contemporary American political thought, but he has also published and presented papers on the seventeenth-century English political thought, utopian political theory, and ethnic politics in the United States. He is the author of "Explaining the English Revolution: Hobbes and His Contemporaries" (Lexington, 2002) and "Modern Jeremiahs: Contemporary Visions of American Decline" (Rowman and Littlefield, 2008). He holds an M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his B.A. is from Providence College He is a native of Chicopee, Massachusetts.
Education.
Valetine School, Chicopee Massachusetts 1969-1976
P.E. Bowe School, Chicopee 1976-1978
Chicopee High School 1978-82
Providence College, Providence RI BA 1986
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, MA 1988, Ph.D. 1996
Academic Positions.
Research Associate, Center for Survey Research, University of Virginia, 1995-6
Visiting Assistant Professor, Bucknell University, 1996-8
Visiting Assistant Professor, University of Mississippi, 1998-9
Assistant, Associate Professor and Professor University of North Dakota, 1999–present
Scholarship.
Books:
"Modern Jeremiahs: Contemporary Visions of American Decline". Lanham, Maryland: Rowman and Littlefield, Lexington Books, 2008
"Explaining the English Revolution: Hobbes and His Contemporaries". Lanham, Maryland: Lexington Books, 2002 (revised paperback edition, 2007). Reviewed in: "Journal of Church and State", Vol. 47. No. 1 (170). 2005; "Perspectives on Politics", Vol. 1, No. 4 (763), 2003
Refereed Articles:
"Back to the Garden: New Visions of Post-Human Futures." "Utopian Studies" Volume 22.1, 2011.
“Tom Paine: Utopian?” "Utopian Studies", Vol. 18, No. 2, 2007 (138-158).
“The Modern Jeremiad: Bloom, Bennett and Bork on American Decline,” "Journal of Popular Culture", Vol. 36, No. 2, Fall 2002 (361-383).
“Convergence and Divergence in Arab-American Public Opinion,” with José Miguel Sandoval, "International Journal of Public Opinion Research", Vol. 5, No. 4, Winter 1993 (303-314).
Articles:
“The Dystopia of Petty Tyranny: A View from the Empire’s Edge,” "Utopus Discovered", Spring 2002 (15).
“Estados Unidos: Opinión Pública y Crisis del Golfo Persico,” with José Miguel Sandoval, "El Nacional: Semanario Politica", Ciudad de México, No. 155, April 1992 (17-19).
“Social Identity and Response to Social Dilemmas,” with Cindy Gimbel, Rachel Sweat, Anuradha Kumar and Amy P. Walters, Social Science, Vol. 72, Nos. 2-4, Fall 1987.
Book Reviews:
“The English Radical Imagination: Culture, Religion, and Revolution, 1630-1660 by Nicholas McDowell,” "Utopian Studies", 16.2, 2005 (303-307)
“To Seek Out New Worlds: Exploring Links Between Science Fiction and World Politics, Jutta Weldes, editor,” Utopian Studies,14.2, 2003 (219-221).
“Glimpses of Glory: John Bunyan and English Dissent by Richard L. Greaves,” "Utopian Studies",14.1, 2003 (206-208).
“Dancing at Armageddon: Survivalism and Chaos in Modern Times by Richard G. Mitchell Jr,” "Utopian Studies",13.1, 2002 (231-233).
“Fugitive Theory: Political Theory, the Southern Agrarians and America by Christopher M. Duncan,” "American Political Science Review", Vol. 94, No. 4, December 2000 (924-926).
Other:
Ancillary materials for "American Democracy in Peril" 5th edition by William Hudson. CQ Press (Chatham House), 2006.
Awards and honors.
Meritorious Research Award, College of Business and Public Administration, University of North Dakota, 2001–02
Gamma Sigma Alpha, Outstanding Faculty Member Award, 2007
Meritorious Research Award, College of Business and Public Administration, University of North Dakota, 2007–08
North Dakota Spirit Award, University of North Dakota Alumni Association, 2009
Influence.
Dr. Jendrysik credits his grandfather Stephen B. Jendrysik, with making him interested in politics. He likes to say that, "he made me watch the Watergate hearings in 1973, this was my start as a political scientist." He also points to his father Stephen R. Jendrysik for supporting his interest. Dr. Jendrysik notes that political discussions were a staple in the Jendrysik family. Dr. Jendrysik also notes that his professors in college especially, Mark Hyde and William Hudson, made him want to be a professional academic. At the University of North Carolina, Jack Donnelly, Mike Lienesch and Steve Leonard were role models.
He is pleased to note that his father, Stephen R. Jendrysik has published three books on the history of Chicopee, Massachusetts. He is also happy to share Chicopee as a hometown with the great utopian author Edward Bellamy. Finally, he is pleased to note that his distant cousin, Father Walter Ciszek, SJ is being considered for sainthood. He recommends Father Walter's books "With God in Russia" and "He Leadth Me" to those seeking spiritual insight.

</doc>
<doc id="20033285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033285" title="Trygve Bruvik">
Trygve Bruvik

Trygve Bruvik (born 1952) is a Norwegian engineer and businessperson.
Bruvik was educated with an engineering degree from Bergen College of Engineering, as well as a business administration degree from the Norwegian School of Management. He worked for Vesta Forsikring from 1981, and was chief executive officer from 1994 to 2002. Since 2003 he has been chair of Marine Farms.

</doc>
<doc id="20033287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033287" title="Castel Bay">
Castel Bay

Castel Bay is a Canadian Arctic waterway in the Northwest Territories. It is a southern arm of M'Clure Strait on northeast Banks Island. The mouth of the larger Mercy Bay is less than to the east. These bays are a part of Aulavik National Park.
It is name in honor of Arctic explorer Aarnout Castel.

</doc>
<doc id="20033301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033301" title="Ten Thousand Angels">
Ten Thousand Angels

Ten Thousand Angels is the 1996 debut album of American country music singer Mindy McCready. It was released on BNA Records and sold two million copies being certified double platinum by the RIAA. The album peaked at #5 on the US country charts, and producing four chart singles on the country charts. The first single, which was the title track, reached #6, and was followed by her only #1 hit, "Guys Do It All the Time". Following this song was "Maybe He'll Notice Her Now", which featured backing vocals from Richie McDonald, the lead singer of the band Lonestar. This song peaked at #18. "A Girl's Gotta Do (What a Girl's Gotta Do)" was the final single, reaching #4 in 1997.
Personnel.
Strings performed by the Nashville String Machine; Carl Gorodetzky, concert master. String arrangements by Ronn Huff.

</doc>
<doc id="20033325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033325" title="Saint George Roman Catholic Lithuanian Church">
Saint George Roman Catholic Lithuanian Church

Saint George Roman Catholic Lithuanian Church was incorporated in Rochester, New York on January 23, 1908 and is one of the main gathering places for the Lithuanian community of all of western New York state, including of Buffalo, New York, which does not have a Lithuanian church. The centennial celebrations took place on October 10–12, 2008.
Founding.
Lithuanians began to emigrate to the United States at the end of the 19th century. There is no precise data about the first Lithuanians in Rochester. Antanas Sabalis in his 1983 book about St. George's Roman Catholic Lithuanian Parish and the Rochester Lithuanians quotes Mykolas Ventis remembering that the first Lithuanians came to Rochester about 1890. By the end of 1905, there were some 400 Lithuanians in Rochester, many of them young men having escaped the hardships of the coal mines of Pennsylvania. Visiting Lithuanian priests from other cities held Mass in Lithuanian in the Holy Redeemer Church or the parish's Concordia Hall. German Pastor Jacob Staub encouraged local Lithuanian men to seek a permanent Lithuanian priest. Before the Easter in 1905, they invited Father Kazimieras Urbonavičius to come. To appear more favorably, they also organized the Saints Peter and Paul Society with 28 initial members.
It was at the September 9, 1906, meeting of the Saints Peter and Paul Society that Adomas Butrimas proposed the idea of establishing a Lithuanian Roman Catholic Parish. All 200 members in attendance agreed. At the October 14 meeting of the Saints Peter and Paul Society, 134 members pledged their support and decided that members would go house-to-house collecting funds for the new parish. At the next meeting on November 13, the members settled on the name of Saint George, the Martyr, for their new parish. At the October 14 meeting 461 potential parishioners were enrolled; by April 1909 there were 690.
On January 23, 1908, St. George's Roman Catholic Church (Lithuanians) was incorporated.
Building construction.
At the April 14, 1907, parish meeting the committee to oversee the construction of the church and parish hall was named. Their proposal to buy the vacant land between Hudson, Weeger, and Dudley Streets was readily accepted. Each person at the meeting pledged an initial 25 dollar donation. At the March 8, 1908, parish meeting $25,000 dollars were allocated to build a stone church. Although at first there were many stumbling blocks because of the hard financial situation of the time, Bishop Thomas Hickey dedicated the new church-hall-school building, costing about $18,000, on December 11, 1910.
The success of the building project was in most part due to the energy of Father Juozas Kasakaitis, who became the first pastor of St. George Church after finishing his studies at Saint Bernard's Seminary in spring 1910. In 1925 a two-story rectory was finished. By January 1927, it became clear to all members that the parish was ready to build a church which would be separate from the hall and school. When Pastor Kasakaitis died in 1930, the new Pastor, Jonas Bakšys, took on the building project of the new church. Finally, on August 11, 1935, the new church, built to seat 400 members, was dedicated with great celebrations by Archbishop Edward Mooney and Bishop Teofilius Matulionis. The old church was converted to a parish hall and opened with a concert and play on November 17, 1935.
Parish school.
In 1929 a primary school was opened to house four grades. Father Jonas Baksys later expanded it to eight grades and invited Lithuanian Franciscan Sisters from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to staff it. The parish built them a convent on the church grounds. By 1930 the school had grown to 164 students, and the first graduating class included the present Pastor of Saint George, Father Dominic Mockevičius. The school closed in 1965.
Parish organizations.
The parish became a home of many organizations. The Sts. Peter and Paul Society, whose members took the initiative to build the church, was incorporated in 1905 and was disbanded by 1990s. Various other societies were established: the Holy Mary Society (1908–1976), the Fraternity of Saint George the Soldier (1908–1965), Chapter 103 of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Alliance of America (1908–1982), Saint Cecilia's Choir (1911–1940s), Chapter 93 of Knights of Lithuania (1917–1954), and others. The Grand Duke Gediminas Club, established in 1903, was the first and most controversial society. By 1912 they already had a building with a bar on the first floor and facilities for meetings on the second floor. The organization was left-leaning and did not participate in parish activities or support Lithuanian independence. In 1967 the association had 137 members. The parish supported Lithuania's goals of independence. For example, during the Lithuanian Days in 1916 Tautos Fondas raised $1,600 for the independence movement; in March 1918, 13 delegates representing Saint George parish and six other organizations took part in the Lithuanian Convention at New York's Madison Square Garden asking President Woodrow Wilson to recognize Lithuania's independence.
Parish priests.
At the beginning Rochester's Lithuanians were served by priests from other towns. During the parish incorporation, the Rector was Father Vincentas Vizgirda, who signed the parish incorporation document, but in May returned to Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, and Father Juozas Krasnickas, who left in October. The professors of Saint Bernard's Seminary then took the parish under their care. The most frequent guests were Father J. F. Goggin, who officiated at Mass, and Seminarian Juozas Kasakaitis, who gave the sermons in Lithuanian. When Father Kasakaitis graduated in spring 1909, he was assigned as the first pastor of Saint George Roman Catholic Lithuanian Church. Kasakaitis died of cancer in 1930. He was replaced by Father Jonas Bakšys, alumni of Saint Bernard's Seminary, who worked in Hartford and Waterbury. Bakšys finished building the present Saint George's church and expanded the parish's grammar school to eight grades. Father Bakšys organized relief for the Lithuanian refugees of World War II: he organized clothing donations and raised $10,000 in June 1947 under the auspices of the local chapter of United Lithuanian Relief Fund. When immigration rules permitted Lithuanian refugees to come to the United States, Bakšys himself sponsored many families and found jobs for many of the new arrivals.
Because of failing health, Father Bakšys handed over the pastorate to Pranas Valukevičius in 1956. Valukevičius was born and raised in Rochester and worked the assistant parish priest in 1938–1950. During his term he remodeled the church, hall, and school. To make the parish financially more secure, he started the bingo games. He was also one of the founders in 1950 of the Lithuanian Radio Program, which is still in existence today. Before his death of cancer in 1972, Father Valukevičius worked to find a Lithuanian pastor. The Lithuanian Franciscan Fathers responded to his search and in 1972 took over the leadership of Saint George's Parish. Fathers Rafaelis Šakalys, Bernardinas Grauslys, and Augustinas Simanavičius presided over the parinsh only for a few months. Father Jonas Dyburys was appointed in 1973, but died of a heart attack in 1976.
He was rapleced by father Justinas Vaškys, a distinguished personality. Having studied theology, philosophy, history, and pedagogy in Kaunas, Lithuania, and in Austria, in 1939 Vaškys was appointed Principal of the Franciscan High School in Kretinga, Lithuania. When in 1940 the Soviets occupied Lithuania, the Franciscan hierarchy sent Vaškys to America to find a place that would house the Lithuanian Franciscan Friars now scattered throughout the world. He found a place for a monastery in Kennebunkport, Maine, which is still in existence. There, he was responsible for laying the foundations for the Lithuanian newspaper "Darbininkas" and the magazines "Aidai" and "Šv. Pranciškaus Varpelis". Because of failing health, Father Vaškys had to resign as pastor in June 1991 and went to live in a nursing home, run by the Sisters of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Putnam, Connecticut, where he died in 1994. With him ended the Franciscan leadership at Saint George's.
The Diocese made Father Ralph Fraats the temporary administrator of Saint George. One year later, in 1992, brothers Charles and Dominic Mockevičius returned from retirement to serve Saint George's parishioners. They both had graduated from the Saint George's Grammar School, studied at Saint Andrew and Saint Bernard's Seminaries. In 1997 St. George's celebrated Charles' 80th Birthday and the 50th year anniversary of his priesthood. Father Charles died in 2002. Father Dominic's 60th anniversary of priesthood was celebrated here in the summer of 2008. With help from the Honorary Consul of Lithuania Rimantas Česonis and Bishop Eugenijus Bartulis, Kazimieras Gražulis and Gintaras Antanas Jonikas came from Lithuania to assist Father Dominic.
Post-World War II parish organizations.
In 1942 a Rochester Chapter of the Lithuanian-American Council (LAC) was established and merged with a chapter of the United Lithuanian Relief Fund of America in 1943. The chapter organized observances of the Lithuanian Independence Day, anti-Soviet demonstrations, cultural events, Lithuanian Days with car parades in the city, and raised funds for Lithuania's struggle for freedom and for needy Lithuanians. The chapter officers have, for a number of years, selected people for recognition and award of Lithuanian Foundation medals for achievement in the field of culture. Beginning in 1971, ten such awards were bestowed. Especially during 1987–1994 their focus was on supporting the struggle for Lithuania's independence. Worthy of notice at that time was the walk on foot from Rochester to Washington, DC by activist Paulius Klimas to publicize the case of jailed Lithuanian dissident Petras Gražulis, who eventually regained his freedom and is now member of the Lithuanian Parliament. His brother, Rev. Kazimieras Gražulis, served as Rev. Dominic Mockevičius' assistant in 2004–2006. With the arrival of new immigrants the dearth of candidates was overcome and a new slate of officers elected in 2002. On their agenda, among other things, were efforts to support Lithuania's membership in NATO, and to participate in the long-term effort by the Eastman School of Music and the Episcopal Diocese to install at Christ Church a copy of the organ from Holy Ghost Church in Vilnius, Lithuania. (The inaugural concert of this organ took place in October 2008.)
The Rochester Lithuanian Choir (later known as Lithuanian Community Choir, Putinas) was established in 1949. The choir has sung at Mass and in concerts, at all North American Lithuanian Song Festivals as well as those in Lithuania in 1994, 1998 and 2002. 1949 also saw the start of a Lithuanian Folk Dance group. It debuted at the traditional Lithuanian Day at Schuetzen Park. Later the group was named "Lazdynas" (Hazel) while a spin-off veteran group was named "Lazdyno Šaknys" (Roots of Hazel). The group participated in folk dance festivals in North America as well as in Lithuania, including appearance in Vatican for the Pope in 1983. The last appearance for Lazdynas appears to have been the showing of its veterans group at the dance festival in Toronto in 2000. In 1984 a second Lithuanian folk dance group named "Žilvinas" appeared The group performed in Atlanta in 1985 and at the Folk Dance Festival in Hamilton, Ontario in 1988. The group disbanded in 1991.
Lithuanian Scouts and "Ateitis" (Future, a Catholic student organization) were established in 1949, a chapter of "Ramovė" (organization of Lithuanian Army veterans) and Lithuanian radio program "Dainos Aidas" (Echo of Song) were organized in 1950. First aired on February 16, 1950, "Dainos Aidas" still broadcasts at 9 AM every Sunday for a half hour on 90.1 FM. The program was started on a commercial basis, but soon a Radio Club was organized for raising funds through dues and contributions. "Dainos Aidas" won the Lithuanian-American Community's Cultural Council's award for 2002. In 1951 members of "Ateitis" organized a Lithuanian book stall in the church hall. During 1951–1973, 10,323 books were sold. Members of "Ateitis" also launched a drama circle, which staged plays locally and in other cities like Philadelphia, New York, Cleveland, Toronto, Montreal. The youth group took one to the 3rd Drama Festival in Chicago in 1974. Music group "Sutartinė" performed from 1977 to 1981 in cities like Cleveland, Baltimore, Detroit, Toronto. After about eight years of performance, a pop music band "Slibinas" (Dragon) split up in 1977.
A Lithuanian Saturday school was established in 1961. Instruction was to take place Saturday mornings 32 weeks and subsequently ran all Saturday morning until after noon. The school, named for Mindaugas Tomonis, lasted until 1993. During its first 20 years the school graduated 56 students. In 2005 another Lithuanian school, The Edward Gervickas Lithuanian Heritage School, opened in Rochester. The school currently has 18 students, 4 to 15 years of age.
"Baltų Vaikai" (Children of the Balts) was organized in 2005 and currently has 28 members (22 adults and 6 children), mostly recently arrived immigrants. The goals of "Baltų Vaikai" are to foster Lithuanian culture, customs, and traditions. Since their beginning, "Baltų Vaikai" have organized many events of their own and helped other organizations with their events.
The Parish Council requested to organize a Parish Future Committee in fall 2005. The purpose was to assess the future of St. George Parish and make recommendations with regards to aging clergy, financial support, declining parish enrollment, deteriorating buildings. The committee was successful in securing the services of Father Gintaras Antanas Jonikas who arrived in Rochester in the summer of 2006 from Lithuania to assist Father Dominic Mockevicius. An outgrowth of the Parish Future Committee was the Lithuanian Heritage Society of Rochester, an umbrella organization with over 100 members. The Society's main purpose is to continue and promote Lithuanian culture and traditions in the Rochester area. One of its principal goals is to secure a facility that is separate from the St. George Parish buildings.
In 2010 the parish transitioned to Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Brighton, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="20033326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033326" title="Profumo (album)">
Profumo (album)

Profumo is the eighth album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20033368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033368" title="Princess Rym">
Princess Rym

Princess Rym Ali (born 1969) is the wife of Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan, whom she married on September 7, 2004. She is the daughter of Lakhdar Brahimi, former Algerian Minister for Foreign Affairs and senior UN official. She was raised in Great Britain and Algeria. She was educated in France and the United States.
She and Prince Ali live in Amman with their two children Princess Jalila bint Ali and Prince Abdullah bin Ali.
Career.
Earlier in her career she worked at United Nations Bureaus of the BBC World Service, the United Press International, Dubai TV, Bloomberg International, Radio Monte Carlo Moyen Orient and CNN (London).
She has been the Executive Commissioner of the Royal Film Commission - Jordan since 2006.
She is the founder of the Jordan Media Institute (JMI), a non-profit body whose aim is to establish an Arab Center of Excellence for Journalism Education with a Masters’ programme at its core.
Awards.
Princess Rym Ali received a prestigious award from the Columbia University School of Journalism in April 2011. The Alumni Awards are presented annually for a distinguished journalism career, an outstanding journalistic achievement, or a notable contribution to journalism education. 
In July 2011, was awarded the “Best International Journalist” prize at the 32nd Ischia International Journalism Awards Ceremony, one of the most prestigious journalistic awards in Italy.
On September 20, 2011, Princess Rym Ali was decorated with French Knight of the Legion of Honour by French Ambassador to Jordan.
In October 2012, she was awarded the Global Thinkers Forum 2012 Award for Excellence in Media for her exceptional work with the Jordan Media Institute (JMI). 

</doc>
<doc id="20033386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033386" title="Bourrée fantasque">
Bourrée fantasque

Bourrée fantasque is a piece of music for solo piano by Emmanuel Chabrier (1841–1894), being one of his last major completed works.
Background.
"Bourrée fantasque" is dedicated to the pianist Édouard Risler (1873-1929), who in fact did not play the work in public until after the composer’s death. The first public performance was given by Madeleine Jaeger (Mme Henry Jossic, 1868-?) on 7 January 1893 at the Société Nationale de Musique in Paris.
It was composed around April 1891, following a visit to his native Auvergne the previous summer, when Chabrier’s health was deteriorating. According to Alfred Cortot it is "one of the most exciting and original works in the whole literature of French piano music". Unlike much nineteenth century writing for the pianoforte, the instrument is treated almost like an orchestra, and "foreshadows innovations in pianistic technique introduced by Ravel in "Gaspard de la nuit" and Debussy in the late "Études"". The manuscript is at the Bibliothèque nationale de France.
The music.
In a letter to Risler dated 12 May 1891, Chabrier wrote ""I have made you a little piano piece which I think is quite amusing and in which I have counted about 113 different sonorities. Let us see how you will make this one shine! It should be bright and crazy!"". The precision of the notation in each bar, dynamics from "ppp" to "tutta forza", accents, pedal indications, bear witness to his wish to obtain an exceptional tonal variety and richness. The piece lasts around six minutes.
In 2/4 time, the piece opens with the repeated notes of the main theme ("Très animé et avec beaucoup d’entrain") hammered out in the middle register of the piano, and put through its paces. The middle section changes mood with a freely-modulating caressing melody ("molto espressivo") before the original theme returns "pp", worked in combination with the second theme, until the main bourrée theme "rampages from top to bottom of the keyboard subjected to increasing elaboration and bravura treatment".
In relation to the "Bourrée fantasque" Koechlin affirmed that Chabrier was the forerunner of modern French composers through the boldness of his writing technique, use of certain chord progressions, and use of modal atmosphere and ancient modes - which is never artificial or imitative, but a natural means of poetic expression.
Orchestrations.
Chabrier's unfinished orchestration consists of 16 pages of score, or about one third of the work, with all tempi and indications for performance carefully marked. 
Ballet.
Jacques Etchevery created a ballet of the same title using Chabrier’s music for the Opéra-Comique in 1946. 
George Balanchine also created a ballet based on the piece for New York City Ballet in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20033448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033448" title="List of foods by protein content">
List of foods by protein content

Below is a list of protein content in foods, organised by food group and given in measurements of grams of protein per 100 grams of food portion. Most natural foods are comprised largely of water. Reduction of water content has the greatest effect of increasing protein. 
It is to be noted that not all protein is equally digestible. Protein Digestibility Corrected Amino Acid Score (PDCAAS) is a method of evaluating the protein quality based on the amino acid requirements of humans.
Egg and dairy....
Protein content range: 7.0 to 40.8
10.62 to 13.63 (cooked)
Other food elements.
Natural protein concentrates (often used in bodybuilding or as sports dietary supplements):
See also.
133313

</doc>
<doc id="20033449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033449" title="Slovenska Bistrica Castle">
Slovenska Bistrica Castle

Slovenska Bistrica Castle (, ), also known as Bistrica Castle (Slovene: , German: ), is a Renaissance-Baroque palace outside the town of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia. Its name derives from the Slovene word ""bistra"," "clear."
History.
The predecessor of the current Slovenska Bistrica castle is first mentioned in 1265, when emperor Rudolf gave it and the adjoining town in fief to count (from 1286 duke of Carinthia) Meinhard of Gorizia. In 1313 it passed to the Habsburgs, who leased the castle and town to the noble house of Walsee. After 1368 the lordship was obtained by the counts of Celje; after their extinction in 1456 it reverted to the ducal lands. In 1587 the town and castle were bought by Hans Vetter; in 1717 the castle only was sold to the counts Attems, who retained until the end of World War II, when it was nationalized.
During the Attems tenure, the castle was the home of the painter and historian Maria Attems.
Architecture.
The mansion is located on the northwest side of the mediaeval old town of Slovenska Bistrica. Rebuilt into a renaissance mansion in the 17th century, the foundations of the current building adjoin one of the defensive towers of its fortified predecessor.
The layout is trapezoidal, with a turret at each corner and an arcaded inner courtyard. The entire building is surrounded with a moat, now dry. The surrounding estate was planted with rare trees, now neglected, and a hornbeam tree row. The Attems decorated the interior in the early 18th century; the castle features a painted staircase, a chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary, and a richly appointed great hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20033469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033469" title="USAV General Brehon B. Somervell (LSV-3)">
USAV General Brehon B. Somervell (LSV-3)

USAV "General Brehon B. Somervell" (LSV-3) is a . The ship was built by VT Halter Marine, (formerly Moss Point Marine) of Gulfport, Mississippi. It is named for General Brehon B. Somervell, the Commanding General of the United States Army Service Forces in World War II.
The vessel is currently home-ported in Tacoma, Washington, and is assigned to the 805th Transportation Detachment (US Army Reserve).
In 1994 the vessel transported Save the PT Boat, Inc.'s "PT-658" up the Columbia River to Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20033480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033480" title="Michael Ellis (designer)">
Michael Ellis (designer)

Michael Ellis (born October 1962) is an American transportation designer. His firm, Ellis Industrial Design, provides design services in the areas of transportation, product and machine design. He is also, on the board of directors of kIDs Innovation Studios, a youth enrichment program created to develop technical, creative and critical thinking skills.
Previously, Ellis was a Chief Designer for Ford Motor Company, Ellis’ designs include such vehicles as the Ford Ranger, Ford Explorer, Ford Expedition and TH!NK city vehicle lines. Four of his vehicles achieved industry-wide segment sales, volume and profit records and he has had six vehicles with design input appear simultaneously on America’s list of top ten best-selling cars. Ellis also holds multiple innovation and design patents. Ellis has lived / worked in England, Germany, Italy, Sweden, and Norway.
Ellis is a graduate of the College for Creative Studies in Detroit, MI
References:
(1) http://www.ecoearth.info/shared/reader/welcome.aspx?linkid=82858
(2) http://www.theautochannel.com/news/2001/02/09/014388.html
(3) http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qa3864/is_/ai_n8954378
(4) http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1077/is_/ai_59110865

</doc>
<doc id="20033483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033483" title="List of awards and nominations received by John Legend">
List of awards and nominations received by John Legend

John Legend is an American soul singer, songwriter and pianist. He was signed by Kanye West after he saw him perform at one of his shows in 2001. His first album, "Get Lifted", was released on December 28, 2004. It spawned four singles: "Used to Love U", "Ordinary People", "Number One" and "So High". The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Legend's second album, "Once Again", was released on October 24, 2006. It spawned eight singles: "Save Room", "Heaven", "P.D.A. (We Just Don't Care)", "Stereo", "Another Again", "Slow Dance", "Show Me" and "Each Day Gets Better". The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA. Legend's third album, "Evolver", was released on October 28, 2008. It has spawned two singles: "Green Light" and "If You're Out There".
In 2005, Legend received fifteen nominations and won two, including Best New Artist at the Black Entertainment Television Awards (BET Awards) and Best R&B Act at the MOBO Awards. In 2006, Legend received ten nominations and won five, including Best R&B Male Vocal Performance for "Stay with You", Best R&B Album for "Get Lifted", Best New Artist at the Grammy Awards; Best R&B/Soul Album Male for "Get Lifted", Best R&B/Soul Single Male for "Ordinary People" at the Soul Train Music Awards. In 2007, Legend received six nominations and won three, including Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group for "Family Affair", Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for "Heaven" at the Grammy Awards; Best R&B/Soul Single Male for "Save Room" at the Soul Train Music Awards. Overall, Legend has won 14 awards from 35 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Legend has been nominated once.
BET Awards.
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television network to celebrate African Americans and other minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment. The awards are presented annually and broadcast live on BET. Legend has won one award from four nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Legend has won nine awards from twenty-two nominations.
MOBO Awards.
The MOBO Awards (an acronym for "Music of Black Origin") were established in 1996 by Kanya King. They are held annually in the United Kingdom to recognize artists of any race or nationality performing music of black origin. Legend has won one award from three nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. Legend has been nominated three times.
NAACP Image Awards.
The NAACP Image Awards is an award presented annually by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to honor outstanding people of color in film, television, music and literature. Legend has been nominated twice.
Soul Train Music Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual award show aired in national broadcast syndication that honors the best in African American music and entertainment established in 1987. Legend has won three awards from five nominations.
Vibe Awards.
The Vibe Awards are hosted annually by "Vibe" magazine. Legend has been nominated four times.

</doc>
<doc id="20033503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033503" title="List of Showcase Presents publications">
List of Showcase Presents publications

The following collected volumes are either existing or forthcoming "Showcase Presents" volumes. All titles begin with the phrase "Showcase Presents". Note that when a volume reprints issues which were themselves reprints (e.g., 80-Page Giant specials), only the cover art is included.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20033505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033505" title="Iron-hydrogen resistor">
Iron-hydrogen resistor

An iron-hydrogen resistor consists of a hydrogen-filled glass bulb (similar to a light bulb), in which an iron wire is located. This resistor has a positive temperature coefficient of resistance. This characteristic made it useful for stabilizing circuits against fluctuations in power supply voltages. The modern successor to this device is the current source. 
When the current increases the temperature will increase. The higher temperature leads to a higher electrical resistance, opposing the increase in current. The hydrogen gas protects the iron against oxidation, and also enhances the effect since the solubility of hydrogen in iron increases as temperature increases, resulting in higher resistance.
Iron-hydrogen resistors were used in the early vacuum tube systems in series with the tube heaters, to stabilize the heater circuit current against fluctuating supply voltage.
This device is often called a "barretter" because of its similarity to the Barretter used for detection of radio signals.
In 1930's Europe it was popular to combine them in the same glass envelope with an NTC-type thermistor made of UO2 until 1936, known as "Urdox resistor" and acting as an inrush current limiter for the series heater strings of domestic ac/dc tube radios.

</doc>
<doc id="20033513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033513" title="USS Scorpion (1812)">
USS Scorpion (1812)

USS "Scorpion" was a self-propelled floating artillery battery in commission with the United States Navy from 1812 to 1814.
"Scorpion" was sloop-rigged and could also be propelled by oars. She probably was built under contract for the U.S. Navy in 1812 for service during the War of 1812. Lieutenant Edmond P. Kennedy assumed command of the ship at Norfolk, Virginia, in September 1812.
On 29 March 1813, "Scorpion" was ordered to the Potomac River to serve in the Potomac Flotilla, which was to protect Washington, D.C. Since Lieutenant Kennedy was to command the flotilla, Lieutenant George C. Read became the commanding officer of "Scorpion" on 4 May 1813.
On 18 February 1814, "Scorpion" reported for duty at Baltimore, Maryland, in Commodore Joshua Barney's Chesapeake Bay Flotilla and became Commodore Barney's flagship. On 24 May 1814, with Major William B. Barney, Commodore Barney's son, acting as captain of "Scorpion", the flotilla sailed for the lower Chesapeake Bay in an attempt to stop the British from advancing toward Washington. On 1 June 1814, a British squadron was encountered at the mouth of the Patuxent River, and the flotilla was forced to retreat up the river. During the following weeks, Commodore Barney's flotilla engaged the British on several occasions and was able to delay the British advance. Finally, on 21 August 1814, facing overwhelming odds, Barney was forced to retreat and landed his men at Pig Point, near Upper Marlboro, Maryland. Barney and his men then marched to assist in the defense of Washington, leaving "Scorpion" and the rest of the flotilla to be burned by a detail of men under Lieutenant Solomon Frazier to prevent the capture of the ships by the British.

</doc>
<doc id="20033548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033548" title="BC Jean">
BC Jean

Brittany Jean Carlson (born April 22, 1987), known better by her stage name BC Jean, is an American singer-songwriter and actress, perhaps best known for writing the song "If I Were a Boy" which was later sung by Beyoncé and achieved worldwide commercial success.
Early life.
Jean was born in Mercy Hospital, San Diego, California to a piano and trumpet-playing stockbroker father and a mother who is a talent manager (John and Lori Carlson), and she lived in Ramona, Valley Center and Carmel Valley. At age 14, while attending Torrey Pines High School. Jean was already a keen piano player and turned the poetry she was learning at school into song lyrics. She also got inspiration from songs on the radio as well as her parent's music collection, which included artist such as Queen, Rod Stewart and Aerosmith. Jean later became part of a cover band in high school and had her first on-stage experience at the Sahara Casino in Las Vegas at 15 years of age.
History.
Jean was signed to J Records while working on a debut album with Dallas Austin, The Matrix, Max Martin and others. After signing with J, Clive Davis, The CEO of Sony Music Entertainment, said, "You eagerly wait for a multi-talented new artist to come along like BC Jean. We're all really delighted that BC has chosen us as her musical home." Jean toured with Liquid Blue prior to embarking on a solo career. It was later announced on October 7, 2011 that the RCA Music Group were disbanding a dozen labels of theirs, including J Records, they said that all artists from those labels, including Jean, were to move and release future material through RCA Records.
Jean released her debut single, "Just a Guy", on September 14, 2010. She also starred in the web-series "Talent" produced by Alloy TV on YouTube as Harper, a musician who travels to Los Angeles in search of fame. Two seasons have already aired.
Personal life.
Jean currently lives in Los Angeles, California. Her grandparents, who were also music artists, were signed to RCA Records for more than 30 years. Her grandfather performed with Perry Como and both grandparents with Fred Waring.

</doc>
<doc id="20033574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033574" title="List of Shadowline publications">
List of Shadowline publications

Shadowline is an American comic book company and an imprint of Image Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="20033586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033586" title="African Free Trade Zone">
African Free Trade Zone

The African Free Trade Zone (AFTZ) is a free trade zone announced at the EAC-SADC-COMESA Summit on Wednesday 22 October 2008 by the heads of Southern African Development Community (SADC), the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) and the East African Community (EAC). The African Free Trade Zone is also referred to as the African Free Trade Area in some official documents and press releases.
In May 2012 the idea was extended to also include ECOWAS, ECCAS and AMU.
Signing.
The leaders of the three AFTZ trading blocks, COMESA, EAC, and SADC, announced the agreement, with the aim of creating a single free trade zone to be named the African Free Trade Zone, consisting of 26 countries with a GDP of an estimated US$624bn (£382.9bn). It was hoped that the African Free Trade Zone agreement would ease access to markets within the AFTZ zone and end problems due to several of the member countries in the AFTZ belonging to multiple regional groups.
The African Free Trade Zone announced at the EAC-SADC-COMESA Summit (also known the AFTZ Summit and Tripartite Summit) effectively is the realization of a dream more than a hundred years in the making, a trade zone spanning the length of African continent from Cape to Cairo, from North African Egypt all the way to the southernmost tip of Africa in South Africa (Cape Town). The Cape to Cairo dream was envisioned by Cecil Rhodes and other British imperialists in the 1890s and was expressed in different contexts and versions including, but not limited to, the following ideals: Cape to Cairo Road, Cape to Cairo Railway, Cape to Cairo Telegraph, and Cape to Cairo Trade Union.
While other powers, notably Germany and Portugal had colonies or spheres of influence in the Cape to Cairo trade zone contemplated, the primary benefactor of the Cape to Cairo union would have been the Great Britain and British Empire. The biggest difference in the idea of the original Cape to Cairo zone and its current incarnation is that the African Free Trade Zone is the creation of African Countries for the mutual benefit and development of the AFTZ member countries, their peoples and the whole of continent of Africa rather than a trade zone for the benefit of Great Britain. Ultimately, it is hoped the AFTZ would serve as a key building block to African Unity and the realization of a united Africa under the auspices of the African Union.
Another important difference between the original and current ideal is that the AFTZ encompasses an area greater than the one even Cecil Rhodes could have imagine. The original Cape to Cairo idea in Cecil Rhodes' time and now under the AFTZ is a free trade zone spanning the whole continent from Cape Town in South Africa to Cairo in Egypt. Cecil Rhodes' Cape to Cairo would have involved at most a dozen countries. The current rendition of the Cape to Cairo zone actualized by the AFTZ encompasses most of Africa, almost half of the countries (26 out of 54), more than half of the production, trade, population, land mass and resources. If it actualizes its potential and becomes a truly integrated economic union, the AFTZ could actually rival any other economic union with its vast natural resources, huge markets, young population, and great technical know-how (mostly courtesy of SADC in general and the Republic of South Africa in particular).
In addition to eliminating duplicative membership and the problem of member states also participating in other regional economic cooperation schemes and regional political and security cooperation schemes that may compete with or undermine each other, the African Free Trade Zone further aims to strengthen the AFTZ block's bargaining power when negotiating international deals.
Analysts believe that the African Free Trade Zone agreement will help intra-regional trade and boost growth.
The AFTZ is considered a major step in the implementation of the AEC, an organization of African Union states establishing grounds for mutual economic development among the majority of African states. The stated goals of the AEC organization include the creation of free trade areas, customs unions, a single market, a central bank, and a common currency thus establishing an economic and monetary union for the African Union.
The trade blocs.
The three trade blocs that agreed to and make up the AFTZ, the COMESA, the EAC and the SADC, are already well-established in their own right and cover varying swathes of land, economic systems, political systems and a varied number of peoples (which includes Arabs in the North, multi-racial peoples in the East and South, including significant numbers of Africans of European descent, Asian Africans, including Indians, Chinese and other Asian groups as well as Colored Africans—mixed race Africans numbering millions in South Africa). Many of the membership of the three AFTZ member trade blocks overlap with several countries being a member of more than one of the AFTZ member trade blocks as well as a member of other alliances within and without the three trade blocks.
Historic significance of the AFTZ.
The EAC-SADC-COMESA Summit is considered historic because for the first time, since the birth of the African Union, several key building blocks of the AEC have met on how to integrate territories and moving towards deepening and widening integration within the overall Abuja Treaty for the establishment of the AEC. Further, for the first time a truly transcontinental union came into being, ranging from the North to the South of the continent. The AFTZ (EAC, COMESA and SADC) currently have a combined population of 527 million and combined GDP of US$625 billion. In size and capacity, the AFTZ rivals most trade blocks. The only question is whether the AFTZ will fully integrate or simply be another one of those "feel good" African organizations with lofty goals but little results.
The SADC is the largest of the AFTZ member trade blocks and covers a population of some 248 million people and a zone whose cumulative GDP is $379bn in 2006.
COMESA, established in 1994 as a replacement for the Preferential Trade Area, includes 398 million people and the area has a combined GDP of US$286.7bn in 2006. Among its members are Zimbabwe, Zambia, Uganda and Sudan.
The EAC, the smallest of the member trade blocks in terms of GDP, had a GDP of US$46.6bn in 2006.
Member states.
The AFTZ membership includes the following countries:
Angola,
Botswana,
Burundi,
Comoros,
Djibouti,
Democratic Republic of Congo,
Egypt,
Eritrea,
Ethiopia,
Kenya,
Lesotho,
Libya,
Madagascar,
Malawi,
Mauritius,
Mozambique,
Namibia,
Rwanda,
Seychelles,
Swaziland,
South Africa,
Sudan,
Tanzania,
Uganda,
Zambia, and
Zimbabwe.
The only natural member of the AFTZ not included was Somalia, due to the civil war that has left most of that country without a functioning government.
AFTZ Summit presidents.
The AFTZ Summit, also referred to as the Tripartite Summit was opened and attended by six African heads of state representing the member trade groups. Attending the opening session on Wednesday were presidents Yoweri Museveni of Uganda, Paul Kagame of Rwanda, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, Kgalema Motlanthe of South Africa, Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and Kenya's Mwai Kibaki.
Attendance of the AFTZ Tripartite Summit.
The AFTZ Tripartite Summit was attended by the following Heads of State and Government:
The following Plenipotentiaries represented the Heads of State and Government of the following countries:
The following officials represented their organisations at the Tripartite Summit:
Also in attendance were chief executive Officers of the
SA President on AFTZ.
President Kgalema Motlanthe of South Africa speaking in Kampala, Uganda, at a meeting of Africa's three regional economic communities, argues that the AFTZ is an important step in the integration of African economies and the eventually union of the continent. With the great uncertainty in the global economy following the food and energy price increases and, more recently, the upheavals in the financial markets, Motlanthe suggested that the advent of the AFTZ could not have been any more timely.
While African and other developing countries had marginal influence over the decisions that had brought the international financial system to the brink of collapse, unjustifiably, the poor and vulnerable of these countries would bear the brunt of the economic downturn.
"It is imperative that effective remedial measures are developed to mitigate the negative impact of the crises, and developing countries must now be included in the governance of international financial institutions," Motlanthe said.
At the same time, it was necessary to work towards a more equitable global trade regime that put the concerns of developing countries, including African countries, at its centre.
He also urged that the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (Comesa), the Eastern African Community (EAC), and Southern African Development Community (SADC), increase co-operation towards greater integration.
"The process we embark upon today marks a historic step towards fulfilling our obligations under the African Union and the Abuja Treaty framework of continental integration, which recognises that Regional Economic Communities are the building-blocks for the African Economic Community."
The time had come for Comesa, EAC and SADC to bring together their respective regional integration programmes to further enlarge their markets, unlock productive potential, increase the levels of intra-Africa trade, and enhance developmental prospects.
"As a next step in expanding regional markets in Africa, the process we launch today will place us in a stronger position to respond effectively to intensifying global economic competition and will begin to overcome the challenges posed by multiple memberships of regional organisations.
"Let us therefore take the necessary decisions to work systematically and with determination to establish a single free trade area that will weld together our three regions into one," 

</doc>
<doc id="20033593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033593" title="W. Kordes' Söhne">
W. Kordes' Söhne

W. Kordes' Söhne (en. "W. Kordes' Sons") is a German rose breeding company in Klein Offenseth-Sparrieshoop in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The company is one of the world's leading rose breeders and producers for cut roses and garden roses, annually selling worldwide more than two million rose plants at retail and wholesale. Each year, more than 50,000 new crosses of garden roses and cut roses are tested, leading to four to six marketable varieties after a trial period of eight to ten years. 
History.
Wilhelm Kordes I (born 1865 in Holstein, Germany, died 1935 in Klein Offenseth-Sparrieshoop) was a German horticulturist. In 1887 he created a rose garden in Elmshorn, specializing in growing garden roses. In 1918 he moved the firm to Klein Offenseth-Sparrieshoop in Schleswig-Holstein. 
His sons, the breeder Wilhelm Kordes II (born 30 March 1891 in Elmshorn, died 11 November 1976) and Hermann Kordes (1893-1963) changed the name of the expanding company to "Wilhelm Kordes' Söhne". Wilhelm Kordes II's varieties made them one of the biggest rose firms of the twentieth century. His general aim was to breed hardy and healthy varieties for the German climate. After 1920 he concentrated entirely on rose-growing, leaving management to his brother Hermann. By the mid-1930s, the company had grown to considerable size.
During the Second World War Wilhelm Kordes II crossed the East Asian "Rosa wichurana" with the Japanese "Rosa rugosa" eventually to obtain a new species, "Rosa kordesii", able to withstand the harsh winters of north Germany. From it he later bred such famous post-war varieties as 'Parkdirektor Riggers,' 'Leverkusen,' Hamburger Phönix' and 'Heidelberg.' "The dark, glossy foliage of many modern roses can be traced back to 'Kordesii'."
Wilhelm Kordes II was also very involved in implementing ADR testing (general testing of new German roses) in 1950, established by the rose breeders in the Federation of German Nurseries.
From 1955, his son Reimer Kordes (February 19, 1922 – 3 February 1997) ran the company until Reimer's son Wilhelm Kordes III (born 1953) took over in 1977.
One of the world's best known rose cultivars, 'Iceberg' (syn. 'Schneewittchen') was introduced by Reimer Kordes in 1958. The variety was selected as the "World Favourite Rose" of 1983. Other famous cultivars include 'Sunsprite', and 'Aprikola'.

</doc>
<doc id="20033603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033603" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL – Group 2)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL – Group 2)

The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. Chile and Ecuador finished level on points, a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify. The winner (Chile) qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Luis Álamos

Head coach: Antonio Julio de la Hoz

</doc>
<doc id="20033619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033619" title="Fish bone">
Fish bone

Fish bone, besides being simply a term for any bone of a fish, is also a term for bony, rather delicate parts of the skeleton of bony fish, such as ribs and fin rays, but especially the ossification of connective tissue lying transversely inclined backwards to the ribs between the muscle segments and having no contact with the spine.
Not all fish have fish bones in this sense; for instance, eels and anglerfish do not.
There are several series of fish bones: Epineuralia, Epicentralia, Epipleuralia and Myorhabdoi.
Fish bones support the core muscles without inhibiting their motility.
In cuisine, fish bones are usually removed and not eaten. Because of their slim, tapered shape they may get caught in the windpipe and cause suffocation.

</doc>
<doc id="20033623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033623" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 102">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 102

The 102nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lebanon County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20033639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033639" title="List of Top Cow Productions publications">
List of Top Cow Productions publications

Top Cow Productions is an American comic book publishing company and an imprint of Image Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="20033641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033641" title="Le Petit Cirque et autres contes">
Le Petit Cirque et autres contes

Le Petit Cirque et autres contes ("The Little Circus and Other Tales") is a 1994 French package film. It is 50 minutes long and contains the following seven short films for young children and their families from the Folimage studio:

</doc>
<doc id="20033642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033642" title="Indianapolis City-County Council elections, 2007">
Indianapolis City-County Council elections, 2007

The 2007 Indianapolis City–County Council elections took place on November 6, 2007. All 29 seats were up for re-election, 25 districts and 4 at-large seats, on the Indianapolis City–County Council. Seven of the seats were unopposed, 4 held by Democrats and 3 held by Republicans. Prior to the elections Democrats held a 15-14 seat majority. Following the elections Republicans gained control of the council with a 16-13 majority.
The Indianapolis mayoral election took place alongside the council elections.
Results by district.
The following are the final results from the Marion County Clerk, Beth White.

</doc>
<doc id="20033652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033652" title="Miss International 1997">
Miss International 1997

Miss International 1997, the 37th Miss International pageant, was won by Consuelo Adler of Venezuela. It took place on 20 September 1997 at the Kyoto Kaikan First Hall in Kyoto, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20033658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033658" title="Arittake no Ai de">
Arittake no Ai de


</doc>
<doc id="20033659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033659" title="South–South cooperation">
South–South cooperation

South–South Cooperation is a term historically used by policymakers and academics to describe the exchange of resources, technology, and knowledge between developing countries, also known as countries of the global South.
History.
In 1978, the United Nations established the Unit for South–South Cooperation to promote South–South trade and collaboration within its agencies.
However, the idea of South–South cooperation only started to influence the field of development in the late 1990s. Due to the geographical spectrum, the cooperation is now well known as South America-Africa (ASA) cooperation. 
The ASA cooperation has so far held two summits. The first summit was held in Abuja, Nigeria in 2006 where 53 delegates from Africa and 12 from South America attended. The second and most recent one was held on the Margarita Island in Venezuela in Sept 2009 where 49 heads of states from Africa and 12 heads of states from South America attended.
South–South cooperation has been successful in decreasing dependence on the aid programs of developed countries and in creating a shift in the international balance of power.
Direction.
The Leaders of South American and African countries hope that this cooperation will bring a new world order and counter the existing Western dominance socially, economically and politically. Late president Hugo Chavez saw the formation of this cooperation as the "beginning of the salvation of people," and as a major anti-imperialism movement. Like President Hugo Chavez, the ex-Libyan Leader Muammar al-Gaddafi was also very critical of the Western dominance of the "third world" nations.
Economic alliance.
One of the key goals of the cooperation is to strengthen and improve economic ties. Some of the areas which these "southern" nations look forward to improving further include joint investment in energy and oil, and a common bank. Among other regional trade agreements which were reached during the 2009 summit was Venezuela signing an oil agreement with South Africa and a memorandum of understanding with Sierra Leone to form a joint mining company. Meanwhile, Brazil has developed an increasingly successful model of overseas aid provision of over $1 billion annually (ahead of many traditional donors), which focuses on technical expertise and the transfer of knowledge and expertise. Brazil's form of South–South development aid has been called a 'global model in waiting'.
The two continents have over one quarter of the world's energy resources. This includes the oil and natural gas reserves in Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Venezuela, Algeria, Angola, Libya, Nigeria, Chad, Gabon and Equatorial Guinea.
In recent years, the South–South cooperation has recognized the importance of effective financial inclusion policy in order to better deliver appropriate financial services to the poor. Because of this, financial policy makers from nearly 100 developing and emerging countries now comprise a global knowledge-sharing network called the Alliance for Financial Inclusion (AFI).
Representatives from the developing south meet annually at the Global Policy Forum (GPF), making it the most important and comprehensive forum for regulatory institutions from emerging economies with an interest in promoting financial inclusion policy. The forum is focused on developing and improving national financial inclusion strategies and policies, and is used as a platform for senior financial regulators to exchange ideas and engage in peer-to-peer learning activities.
Security alliance.
Peace and security responsibilities are also on the top of the agenda for cooperation. During the 2009 summit, Colonel Gaddafi proposed a defence alliance between the two continents. He called the alliance "a Nato of the South." This type of alliance aims to act as an alternative to the Security Council none of whose permanent members is from the two continents.
Political unity.
Another area that some of the leaders intend to see big developments in is in the political arena. This is to say that cooperation will give the continents more political power when it comes to the global arena. Some leaders hope that the cooperation will offer greater freedom in choosing a political system. For example, Hugo Chavez hoped to use South–South cooperation as a stage on which to get his message of what he calls "21st Century Socialism" across.
Challenges and critique.
Regardless a continuing interest of many states in Africa and South America, cooperation is still faced with major challenges. One example of the challenges is a lack of big enough capital to start a "South–South bank" (as an alternative to the IMF and the World Bank).
The most apparent critique is that there are just a few voices still heard. These voices are often from the comparatively rich and powerful states of the south (e.g. Brazil, South Africa and Venezuela).

</doc>
<doc id="20033699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033699" title="Write Bloody Publishing">
Write Bloody Publishing

Write Bloody Publishing is an independent American publishing house.
Background.
The company was founded in 2004 by Derrick C. Brown.
Write Bloody Publishing was started in 2004 by traveling poet Derrick Brown.
This has been the guiding philosophy of Write Bloody: Let the poets and authors who tour be the marketing; Let this publishing house be the source for a movement. 
Brown realized that all these great poets needed were great books, and for him to get out of the way.
Write Bloody authors are out there — in small record shops and large colleges, in strange theaters and swampy bars — doing readings all across Europe and the United States. Going to a reading will be as common as going to the movies or to see a band and Write Bloody is currently paving the way. Write Bloody books are found in bookstores around the world from Guam to Palestine.
Authors.
Authors published include:

</doc>
<doc id="20033714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033714" title="Tom Saxhaug">
Tom Saxhaug

Tom Saxhaug (born February 22, 1948) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 5, which includes portions of Beltrami, Cass, Hubbard, and Itasca counties in the northern part of the state. He is a retired insurance agent.
Early life, education, and career.
Saxhaug completed his secondary education at Grand Rapids High School in Grand Rapids and later received a B.A. from St. Olaf College in Northfield. Prior to his election to the Senate, he served on the Grand Rapids City Council from 1995 to 1997, and was an Itasca County Commissioner from 1997 to 2003. 
Minnesota Senate.
Saxhaug was first elected in 2002, and was re-elected in 2006, 2010, and 2012. Following redistricting in 2012, Saxhaug was placed in District 5 alongside Republican Senator John Carlson. Saxhaug defeated Carlson on November 6, 2012.
Personal life.
Saxhaug and his wife, Nancy, have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20033715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033715" title="Wardenclyffe Tower (album)">
Wardenclyffe Tower (album)

Wardenclyffe Tower is the seventh studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1992 through Restless Records (United States) and in 1993 through Polydor Records (Japan); a remastered edition was reissued in 2007 through Eidolon Efformation, containing three bonus tracks (alternative versions of "Tokyo Dream" from 1983's "Road Games" and "The-Unmerry-Go-Round" from 1985's "Metal Fatigue") which were previously only available on the Japanese release. The album's title is a reference to the real life Wardenclyffe Tower or Tesla Tower, designed by inventor Nikola Tesla in 1901. The fifth track, "Zarabeth", is named after a character in the "" episode, "".

</doc>
<doc id="20033730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033730" title="Chief brand officer">
Chief brand officer

A chief brand officer (CBO) typically reports to the CEO or board of directors and is responsible for a brand's image, experience, and promise. The brand officer oversees marketing, advertising, design, public relations and customer service. Some of the more notable organizations to establish a CBO position include the American Automobile Association, Baskin-Robbins, Bell Canada, Boston Market, Citigroup, McDonalds and WWE. 

</doc>
<doc id="20033737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033737" title="KENI Radio Building">
KENI Radio Building

The KENI Radio Building is an Art Moderne building in Anchorage, Alaska, designed by architect Augustine A. Porreca and completed in 1948. The building housed KENI AM, the second radio station in Anchorage.
The reinforced concrete two story building was owned by Cap Lathrop, who had worked with Porreca on Lathrop's Fourth Avenue Theatre. Besides radio station facilities, the building also housed three apartments.
The building was purchased by Gregory Carr in the late 1990s, after the radio station moved to the Dimond Center, and converted into a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="20033754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033754" title="USS Scorpion (1847)">
USS Scorpion (1847)

The third USS "Scorpion" was a steamer in commission in the United States Navy from 1847 to 1848.
"Scorpion" was built in 1846 as the commercial steamship SS "Aurora" by Bishop and Simonson at New York City for Sidney Mason and William D. Thompson. The U.S. Navy purchased "Aurora" at New York on 7 January 1847 for use in the Mexican War and commissioned her as USS "Scorpion" on 23 February 1847 with Commander Abraham Bigelow in command.
Ordered to the Gulf of Mexico, "Scorpion" joined the Home Squadron at Anton Lizardo, Mexico, on 27 April 1847. She participated in the expedition against Tabasco on 16 June 1847, serving as the flagship for Commodore Matthew C. Perry.
"Scorpion" returned to Anton Lizardo on 25 July 1847, and for the remainder of the war patrolled the coast of Mexico. At the close of the war, she sailed for the Brooklyn Navy Yard in Brooklyn, New York, arriving there on 11 August 1848. She was decommissioned on 21 August 1848 and sold at auction on 23 December 1848.
Once again in civilian service, she became the merchant steamer "Isthmus", and was lost at sea in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="20033759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033759" title="Citibank Hall (Rio de Janeiro)">
Citibank Hall (Rio de Janeiro)

Citibank Hall (previously Metropolitan) is a music venue group, in the city of Rio de Janeiro, capital of the same state and in Sao Paulo, in Brazil. The venue has a capacity of 8450, but for specific events, can have four different configurations.
It was opened in September 1994, with the name of "Metropolitan". In late 2000, after a naming rights agreement, it was renamed ATL Hall, Claro Hall after the consolidation of the América Móvil-owned networks in Brazil, and since March 2007, when the Claro agreement expired, it is called "Citibank Hall". 
Located in Barra da Tijuca, it is the major show house in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="20033768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033768" title="Sentimental">
Sentimental

Sentimental, the adjectival form of sentimentality, may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20033769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033769" title="List of Dark Horse Comics reprints">
List of Dark Horse Comics reprints

This is a list of material originally published by other companies that has been reprinted by Dark Horse Comics, including manga and manwha series that were translated and distributed in America. 

</doc>
<doc id="20033773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033773" title="Tony Dean (conservationist)">
Tony Dean (conservationist)

Tony Dean (November 26, 1940 – October 19, 2008) was an American outdoors broadcaster, columnist and conservationist. Dean's real name was Anthony DeChandt.
Starting in 1985, Dean had hosted and produced the television show "Tony Dean Outdoors", broadcast regionally in the upper Midwestern United States. He recorded several episodes of the show together co-hosted with Jason Mitchell for "Tony Dean Outdoors" prior to Mitchell's purchase of the program, now known as "Jason Mitchell Outdoors". Dean also produced the daily radio show "Dakota Backroads" for nearly two decades and wrote columns for the "Argus Leader", the daily newspaper of Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
His programs received more than 160 regional and national awards. Dean served as a press secretary for former Governor of South Dakota, Republican Frank Farrar.
Dean supported candidates based on their stands on the issue of conservation, and he was criticized for his support of Democratic senator Tim Johnson and later for his support of the presidential campaign of Barack Obama, who Dean felt had the insight to appreciate the issues of land conservation. His wife indicated that one of the last things Dean had done before his attack of appendicitis was to film a series of commercials for Obama's campaign. She further noted that Dean would have served on the transition team in the event of an Obama victory.
Dean died on October 19, 2008 after complications from an appendicectomy. He had had his appendix removed in an operation in September 2008 in Pierre, South Dakota and was moved to a hospital in Sioux Falls, South Dakota to address complications. He died in the living room of his home overlooking the Missouri River, together with members of his immediate family.
Senator Johnson eulogized Dean for "his advocacy on behalf of conservation and sportsmen alike", noting that "e understood the right balance".

</doc>
<doc id="20033826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033826" title="Miss World 1955">
Miss World 1955

Miss World 1955, the 5th edition of the Miss World pageant, was held on October 20, 1955 at Lyceum Theatre, London, United Kingdom. 21 contestants competed for the Miss World. The winner was Susana Duijm, represented Venezuela. She became the first Venezuelan to win the Miss World title. British actress, Eunice Gayson crowned Miss Venezuela as the new Miss World. The previous year's Miss World, Antigone Costanda from Egypt, did not attend because of hostilities between Egypt and Britain over Suez Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="20033847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033847" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 103">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 103

The 103rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Dauphin County and includes the following areas:
Beginning in 2014, pursuant to the 2012 Revised Final Plan adopted by the Legislative Reapportionment Commission and approved by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, the 103rd Legislative District will consist of:

</doc>
<doc id="20033866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033866" title="Hard Hat Area">
Hard Hat Area

Hard Hat Area is the eighth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1993 through Polydor Records (Japan) and Fred Bloggs Music (United Kingdom), and in 1994 through Restless Records (United States); a remastered edition with expanded liner notes was reissued on May 15, 2012 through MoonJune Records. Holdsworth has frequently cited the album as one of his favourites. The fifth track, "Tullio", is a reference to racing cyclist Tullio Campagnolo.

</doc>
<doc id="20033880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033880" title="2008 Korean Series">
2008 Korean Series

The 2008 Korean Series began on Monday, the 26th of October, at the Munhak Baseball Stadium in Incheon. It featured the SK Wyverns, who had claimed home ground advantage by finishing in first place at the end of the season, and the Doosan Bears, who had finished second and had defeated the Samsung Lions in a best-of-7 playoff series (4 games to 2) to advance to the next round. The SK Wyverns won the series in five games, after defeating Doosan four games straight after dropping the opening game. The series was interesting, as it pitted the final 2 teams from the 2007 Korean Series in a rematch. Kim Sung-Geun, known as 'baseball god', and Kim Kyeong-Moon, the coach of the Korean Olympic Baseball team both had a lot to prove.
Game 1, October 26.
Munhak Baseball Stadium, Incheon
The first game of the series began at the home stadium of the Wyverns, but they failed to get the victory on opening game 2 years straight as Doosan got a decisive 5-2 victory, thanks to the excellent pitching of Matt Randal. Young prodigy Kim Gwang-Hyeon started for the Wyverns but was unable to shut down Doosan's hitting. 
SK struck first, as 2007's MVP Kim Jae-hyeon shot a solo home run over the right field fence. Doosan answered back in the 5th, when Chae Sang-byung got onto 1st base with a line drive towards 3rd base. Jeon Sang-Ryeol bunt-sacrificed, then Chae advanced to 3rd on a passed ball. Lee Jong-wook hit him home with a single. Doosan went ahead in the 6th, as Kim Dong-joo hit a double, advanced on a sacrifice, then Ko Young-min got a base on balls. Doosan used power hitter Jun-Seok Choi as a pinch hitter, and it paid off, as he hammered the ball, allowing Ko to score from first. Doosan added to their lead in the 7th, as Lee Jong-wook scored with help from Oh Jae-Won and Ko Young-min. Hong Sung-heon shot a solo home run in the 9th, but it wasn't necessary. SK tried to fight back, but managed to only score one more run in the bottom of the 7th. A combination of Randal's pitching, as well as reliever Lee Jae-woo shut down the Wyverns.
Game 2, October 27.
Munhak Baseball Stadium, Incheon
SK evened the series with the aid of some strong batting and some poor defensive work by Doosan. The game was an almost total turn-around of game 1, with an identical score of 5-2. Just like last year, SK started Chae Byeong-Yong,while Doosan started former major-leaguer Sunny Kim
The game began well for SK as leadoff hitter Jeong Keun-woo got onto base and advanced with a narrow hit by Park Jae-Hong. Lee Jin-Young hit Jeong home, and Park scored after the pitcher threw a wild pitch. Doosan responded in the fourth with a double from Kim Dong-joo, then a triple from Hong Sung-heon. Ko Young-min hit a sacrifice fly to bring in the 2nd run. The game winner was in the 5th by Park Jae-sang, and in the 7th, Kim Jae-Hyeon hit another home run (2 runs), for his second in the series and 2nd in 2 days.
Game 3, October 29.
Jamsil Baseball Stadium, Seoul
Doosan returned home to their stadium in Jamsil with the series tied at 1-1 series. Doosan started left-handed Lee Hei-chun, and SK answered by starting Lee Jae-Won in the place of the designated hitter, as he had a higher hitting average against left-handed pitchers. SK started Kenny Rayburn.
The game started off as a pitcher's duel, with both pitchers scoring several strike-outs each, more notably Lee. Both teams struck in the 4th inning, putting 1 run on the board each. SK went ahead 3-1 in the 6th, as young 3rd baseman Choi Jeong hit a 2 run home run on the first pitch of reliever Lee Jae-woo. Doosan answered back with a solo home run from relief catcher Choi Seung-Hwan in the 7th, but SK held onto their 1-run lead to close the game up and take a 2-1 lead in the series.
Doosan very nearly came back in the 9th inning, as closer Chong Tae-hyon loaded the bases with 1 out, but Kim Hyun-soo hit into a double-play, allowing SK to take the win and giving Chong the save.
Game 4, October 30.
Jamsil Baseball Stadium, Seoul
Game 4 saw the return of Matt Randal for Doosan, while SK started sometimes-reliable Song Eun-beom in classic Kim Sung-keun strategy of fast and frequent pitcher changing. SK used 7 pitchers in total, while Doosan used only 3.
Sk struck in the 1st inning with a hit from Park Jae-sang, stole to 2nd, and made it to 3rd after an error from Chae Sang-byung. Kim Jae-hyeon sacrificed to bring him home. Doosan struck back with the dangerous combination of Kim Dong-joo and Hong Sung-heon. Oh Jae-won hit into a double-play, but Kim scored from 3rd base.
Game 4 continued a Doosan trend in the series of Doosan creating many scoring opportunities but failing to capitalize on them. Jeon Sang-ryeol managed to hit a lead-off double in the 3rd, but made a critical error. Lee Jong-wook hit a ball just behind the 2nd base that surely looked to be a hit, but some amazing defense from Jeong Keun-woo managed to catch the ball, and merely had to throw the ball to 2nd to tag out Jeon, who ran and never looked back. Also, Doosan managed to load the bases with 0 outs in the 7th, but once again failed to score as reliever Lee Seung-ho struck out 2 Doosan hitters, walked the next one, but the 4th one grounded out.
SK decided to use Chae Byeong-yong as a closer in game 5, and he managed to hold on to the victory, giving him a rare save. He loaded the bases in the 8th, but struck out pinch-hitter Yoo Jae-woong. Doosan managed to get 1 runner to 2nd base in the 9th, but could not get any closer to scoring. SK went up 3-1, only one win away from claiming their 2nd consecutive Korean Series victory.
Game 5, October 31.
Jamsil Baseball Stadium, Seoul
Game 5 was yet another pitcher's duel, this time between Kim Kwang-hyun and Kim Sun-woo, both vying for a win in this year's series. It was do or die for Doosan, and neither team allowed any runs until the 7th inning.
Doosan had scoring opportunities almost every inning, but failed. However, SK rarely was able to get runners on base, shut down by the superb pitching of Kim Sun-woo. A reversal of fortunes came about in the 7th inning, as Sk was able to load the bases. Catcher Park Kyung-oan, who has hitless in the series, hammered a linedrive towards 3rd, hurting Kim Dong-joo's hand, and causing him to drop the ball. Sk would add one more to the scoreboard in the 8th, as Park Jae-sang hit a single, and came home with a hit from Choi Jeong.
SK starter Kim Kwang-hyun allowed 0 runs in 6 innings, and was followed by 4 relievers in an attempt to shut down the hungry and now desperate Doosan hitters.
Doosan once again got multiple runners on base in the 8th, but failed to score as Sk outfielder Cho Dong-hwa made an amazing catch against Hong Sung-heon. Once again reliever Lee Seung-ho saved the team, striking out Yoo Jae-woong. This performance earned Lee the MVP nomination, but he did not win.
The 9th inning was the most pivotal moment of the game, as Doosan had the game but failed completely to capitalize on the situation. Once again, SK put Chae Byeong-yong on the mound as a closer. Doosan managed to load the bases with 0 outs. It looked like a Doosan comeback was inevitable. Amazingly, Chae put away Ko Young-min and Kim Hyun-soo hit into a double-play, handing SK their 2nd consecutive Korean Series victory.
21 year-old third baseman Choi Jeong was named the series MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="20033895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033895" title="Magic Man (film)">
Magic Man (film)

Magic Man is a thriller film directed by Roscoe Lever and starring Billy Zane and Alexander Nevsky.

</doc>
<doc id="20033930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033930" title="Crier (disambiguation)">
Crier (disambiguation)

A crier is a person who is employed by a town council to make public announcements in the streets.
Crier may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20033935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033935" title="Scott Lively">
Scott Lively

Scott Douglas Lively (born December 14, 1957), an American author, attorney, and activist. He is noted for his opposition to LGBT rights and his involvement in the ex-gay movement. He is the president of Abiding Truth Ministries, a conservative Christian organization located in Temecula, California, and the former state director of the California branch of the American Family Association. Lively has called for the criminalization of "the public advocacy of homosexuality" as far back as 2007, and is allegedly involved in anti-gay legislation in Uganda.
Lively formed Watchmen on the Walls, an evangelical ministry, in Riga, Latvia.
According to a January 2011 profile, Lively "has not changed his view that gays are 'agents of America's moral decline', but has refocused his approach to fit his flock in Springfield, Massachusetts" and "is toning down his antigay rhetoric and shifting his focus to helping the downtrodden".
On August 14, 2013, a federal judge ruled that the case against Scott Lively, by the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) on behalf of Sexual Minorities Uganda (SMUG), a Uganda-based coalition of LGBTI rights and advocacy groups, can move forward against him. This is a first-of-its kind case in which the lawsuit alleges that Lively's actions over the past decade, in collaboration with some Ugandan government officials and Ugandan religious leaders, are responsible for depriving LGBTI Ugandans of their fundamental human rights based solely on their identity, which the lawsuits alleges falls under the definition of persecution under international law and is a crime against humanity. This effort resulted in the introduction of the Anti-Homosexuality Bill which Lively allegedly helped engineer.
"The Pink Swastika".
Along with Kevin E. Abrams, Lively co-authored the book "The Pink Swastika", which states in the preface that "homosexuals the true inventors of Nazism and the guiding force behind many Nazi atrocities".
The premise of Lively and Abrams' book has been heavily criticized as a "pernicious myth", "utterly false" and "a flat-out lie", and several historians have questioned the book's claims and selective use of research.
Lawsuit.
In 1991, Lively assaulted Catherine Stauffer, throwing her against a wall and dragging her across the floor of a Portland church, at an Oregon Citizens Alliance (OCA) event she had been trying to film. Stauffer received a judgement of over $31,000 against Lively and the OCA in 1992.
Anti-homosexuality activism in Uganda.
In March 2009, Lively, along with evangelical activists Don Schmierer and Caleb Lee Brundidge, arrived in Kampala to give a series of talks. "The theme of the event, according to Stephen Langa, its Ugandan organizer, was 'the gay agenda — that whole hidden and dark agenda' — and the threat homosexuals posed to Bible-based values and the traditional African family".
"housands of Ugandans, including police officers, teachers and national politicians", reportedly attended the conference. Lively and his colleagues "discussed how to make gay people straight, how gay men often sodomized teenage boys and how 'the gay movement is an evil institution' whose goal is 'to defeat the marriage-based society and replace it with a culture of sexual promiscuity'". Lively wrote days later that "someone had likened their campaign to 'a nuclear bomb against the gay agenda in Uganda'".
The talks inspired the development of a private member's Anti-Homosexuality Bill in the Ugandan parliament. The bill, submitted in November 2009, called for the death penalty in some cases, and received international opprobrium.
Lively expressed disappointment that "the legislation was so harsh". "Lively says he recommended an approach rooted in rehabilitation, not punishment and says an anti-gay bill being considered by the Ugandan Parliament goes too far":
y advice to the parliament was to go the other direction from what they did to actually go on a proactive positive message promoting the family, promoting marriage, etcetera, through the schools, and that if they were going to continue to criminalize homosexuality that they should focus on rehabilitation and not punishment. And I was very disappointed when the law came out as it is written now with such incredibly harsh punishments.
Lively has said that he will endorse the bill if the death penalty is removed.
In March 2010, Lively wrote:
In my view, homosexuality (indeed all sex outside of marriage) should be actively discouraged by society -- but only as aggressively as necessary to prevent the mainstreaming of alternative sexual lifestyles, and with concern for the preservation of the liberties of those who desire to keep their personal lifestyles private. Marriage-based culture served humanity very favorably during the centuries when homosexuality was disapproved but tolerated as a sub-culture in America, England and elsewhere. It has obviously not fared well in the decades since the so-called sexual revolution kicked open Pandora's Box and unleashed both rampant heterosexual promiscuity and "Gay Pride" on the world.
In March of this year I had the privilege of addressing members of the Ugandan parliament in their national assembly hall when the anti-homosexuality law was just being considered. I urged them to pattern their bill on some American laws regarding alcoholism and drug abuse. I cited my own pre-Christian experience being arrested for drunk driving. I was given and chose the option of therapy which turned out to be one of the best decisions of my life. I also cited the policy in some U.S. jurisdictions regarding marijuana. Criminalization of the drug prevents its users from promoting it, and discourages non-users from starting, even while the law itself is very lightly enforced, if at all.
On March 14, 2012, Lively was sued in U.S. Federal Court by gay rights group Sexual Minorities Uganda under the Alien Tort Statute, who accused Lively of inciting the persecution of gay men and lesbians. Lively responded "hat’s about as ridiculous as it gets. I've never done anything in Uganda except preach the Gospel and speak my opinion about the homosexual issue".
Pam Spees, a staff attorney for the organization representing Sexual Minorities Uganda in the case against Lively, the Center for Constitutional Rights, said, "This is not just based on his speech. It's based on his conduct. Belief is one thing, but actively trying to harm and deprive other people of their rights is the definition of persecution".
In August 2013, a federal judge rejected an attempt by the defense to dismiss the case against Lively. U.S. District Court Judge Michael A. Ponsor rejected the jurisdictional claims by the defendant, ruling that the plaintiffs were on solid ground under international and federal law and that First Amendment arguments were "premature".
Criticism.
The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) regards Abiding Truth Ministries as a hate group. Lively has responded in his blog.
The American Family Association, the California branch of which Lively has directed, is also an SPLC-designated hate group.

</doc>
<doc id="20033941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033941" title="Low information voter">
Low information voter

Low information voters, also known as LIVs or misinformation voters, are people who may vote, but who are generally poorly informed about politics. The phrase is mainly used in the United States, and has become popular since the mid-1990s.
Origins.
American pollster and political scientist Samuel Popkin coined the term "low-information" in 1991 when he used the phrase "low-information signaling" in his book "". Low-information signaling referred to cues or heuristics used by voters, in lieu of substantial information, to determine who to vote for. Examples include voters liking Bill Clinton for eating at McDonald's, and perceiving John Kerry and Barack Obama as elitist for wind-surfing and golfing respectively.
Meaning.
Some low-information voters' views are more moderate than those of high-information voters, they are less likely to vote, and are looking for a candidate they find personally appealing. They tend to be swing voters, and they tend to vote split-ticket more than well-informed voters do, researchers say because they lack a coherent ideology. 
Linguist George Lakoff has written that the term is a pejorative mainly used by American liberals to refer to people who vote conservative against their own interests, and assumes they do it because they lack sufficient information. Liberals, he said, attribute the problem in part to deliberate Republican efforts at misinforming voters. 
Thirty-year Republican House of Representatives and Senate staffer Mike Lofgren, in a 2011 article titled "Goodbye to All That: Reflections of a GOP Operative Who Left the Cult", characterized low-information voters as anti-intellectual and hostile-to-science "religious cranks", and claimed Republicans are deliberately manipulating LIVs to undermine their confidence in American democratic institutions. 
A 2012 paper by six American political scientists called "A Theory of Political Parties: Groups, Policy Demands and Nominations in American Politics" challenged the idea that Republicans want a low-information electorate, and argued instead that both major American parties do. Noting that 95% of incumbents in the highly polarized House of Representatives win re-election despite voters' preference for centrist representation, the paper theorizes that voters' infrequent penalizing of extremist behaviour represents not approval, but a lack of attention and information. This, the paper says, is supported by the fact that when congressional districts and media markets overlap to create more informed electorates, extremist House members are at much greater risk for defeat. The paper proposes that in the American political system, interest groups, and activists are the key actor, and the electorate is uninformed and bamboozled.
Effects.
A 1992 study found that in the absence of other information, voters used candidates' physical attractiveness to draw inferences about their personal qualities and political ideology. A study performed using logistic regression analysis on data from the 1986 through 1994 American National Election Studies found that low-information voters tend to assume female and black candidates are more liberal than male and white candidates of the same party. A 2003 study that analyzed precinct-level data from city council elections held in Peoria, Illinois between 1983 and 1999 found that the placement of candidates' names on the ballot was a point of influence for low-information voters. An analysis concerned with the "puzzling finding" that incumbent legislators in mature democracies charged with corruption are not commonly punished in elections found that less-informed voters were significantly more likely to vote for incumbents accused of corruption than were their better-informed counterparts, presumably because they did not know about the allegations.
In popular culture.
In September 2012, comedian Bill Maher, made fun of undecided voters on his HBO program "Real Time" calling them "low-information voters, otherwise known as dipshits." Also in September, the NBC program "Saturday Night Live" ran a mock public service announcement featuring undecided low-information voters asking questions such as "When is the election?" and "Who is the president right now? Is he or she running?”
In January, 2013, Alicia Colon used the similar phrase "low-info" in her column, "Low-Info Voters Just Not Interested In Politics", for the Irish Examiner USA newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20033977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033977" title="Burnham v. Superior Court of California">
Burnham v. Superior Court of California

Burnham v. Superior Court of California, , was a United States Supreme Court case addressing whether a state court may, consistent with the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, exercise personal jurisdiction over a non-resident of the state who is served with process while temporarily visiting the state. All nine justices unanimously agreed that this basis for personal jurisdiction—known as "transient jurisdiction"—is constitutionally permissible. However, the Court was sharply divided on the reasons for the decision, reflecting two fundamentally different approaches to how due-process issues are to be analyzed, and there was no majority opinion. Justice Antonin Scalia wrote the lead opinion, joined in whole or part by three other Justices. Justice William J. Brennan, Jr. wrote an opinion also joined by three other Justices. Justices Byron R. White and John Paul Stevens wrote separate opinions.
Procedural and factual history.
Dennis and Francie Burnham, a married couple residing in New Jersey, decided to divorce. Francie moved to California with the couple's two children. The following year, Francie filed an action for divorce in California Superior Court. Dennis was served with the summons when he travelled to California to handle an unrelated business matter and visit his children.
Dennis filed a "special appearance" in the California court and moved to quash the service of process. He argued that he was a non-resident of California and had no connection with California sufficient to establish personal jurisdiction over him consistent with the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. After the Superior Court denied Dennis's request to quash service, Dennis sought a writ of mandamus from California Court of Appeal, which also denied relief, as did the California Supreme Court. Dennis then sought review from the United States Supreme Court, which granted certiorari to address the continued validity of transient jurisdiction in light of recent developments in the law of personal jurisdiction.
Issue and result.
At common law, recognized by the Supreme Court in "Pennoyer v. Neff" (1877), a civil action was commenced by serving process on the defendant within the forum jurisdiction. Service on a defendant within the forum state created jurisdiction over the defendant regardless of whether the defendant was a resident of the state or was merely visiting it, and regardless of whether the subject-matter of the lawsuit had anything to do with the defendant's activities in the state.
Subsequently, in "International Shoe Co. v. Washington" (1946) and "Shaffer v. Heitner" (1977), the Supreme Court held that the Due Process Clause requires that a state's exercise of personal jurisdiction over a defendant must comport with "traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice," at least when the defendant was not served with process in the forum state. 
The issue in "Burnham" was whether, in light of "International Shoe" and "Shaffer", service on a non-resident visiting a state remained a constitutionally sufficient basis for the exercise of personal jurisdiction over the non-resident.
Justice Scalia's plurality opinion.
Justice Antonin Scalia delivered the lead opinion in the case, joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, Justice Anthony Kennedy, and in part by Justice Byron R. White. Scalia begin by defining the question presented as "whether the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment denies California courts jurisdiction over a nonresident, who was personally served with process while temporarily in that State, in a suit unrelated to his activities in the State."
Scalia took a historical approach to answering this question. In Scalia's view, buttressed by citation of numerous cases, "the most firmly established principles of personal jurisdiction in American tradition is that the courts of a State have jurisdiction over nonresidents who are physically present in the State." At common law, service of process on the defendant within the forum state was a prerequisite to exercising jurisdiction over the defendant in that state. In cases such as "International Shoe Co. v. Washington" and "Shaffer v. Heitner", the Court had accepted that a non-resident served outside a state could still be subject to jurisdiction, but only where the defendant had "certain minimum contacts with it such that the maintenance of the suit does not offend 'traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice.'" However, these cases did not support the converse argument that the longstanding practice of obtaining jurisdiction over a defendant by serving process within the forum might now violate due process. "[A a doctrine of personal jurisdiction that dates back to the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment and is still generally observed unquestionably meets th standard" of due process.
Justice Brennan's opinion.
Justice William J. Brennan, Jr., in an opinion joined by Justices Thurgood Marshall, Harry Blackmun, and Sandra Day O'Connor, concurred that California could constitutionally exercise jurisdiction over Dennis Burnham because he had been served with process while visiting the state. However, Brennan rejected Scalia's contention that the long history of allowing transient jurisdiction was sufficient to resolve the case. According to Brennan, the Court's decision in "Shaffer v. Heitner" required that all methods of obtaining jurisdiction must be evaluated according to contemporary notions of due process.
Brennan acknowledged that while not dispositive, the historical pedigree of transient jurisdiction was relevant in evaluating its constitutionality, because it provided potential defendants with notice that visiting a state could lead to their being subject to jurisdiction on a lawsuit in that state. While voluntarily present in a state, an individual avails himself of benefits provided by that state. Moreover, developments in modern communications and transportation make it much less burdensome than previously for a non-resident to defend himself or herself in another jurisdiction. Procedural devices such as the doctrine of "forum non conveniens" are available in a case where litigating in the forum would be genuinely burdensome. Brennan concluded that "or these reasons, as a rule the exercise of personal jurisdiction over a defendant based on his voluntary presence in the forum will satisfy the requirements of due process."
Justice White's opinion.
In a short opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, Justice Byron R. White stated that "rule allowing jurisdiction to be obtained over a nonresident by personal service in the forum state, without more, has been and is so widely accepted throughout this country that I could not possibly strike it down, either on its face or as applied in this case, on the ground that it denies due process of law guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment." In White's view, while the Supreme Court has authority to strike down even traditional accepted procedures that do not provide due process, there was no basis for doing so in this case. There was no showing that allowing service of process within a state to provide a basis for jurisdiction "is so arbitrary and lacking in common sense in so many instances that it should be held violative of Due Process in every case." To avoid endless litigation, Justice White concluded that challenges to the fairness of jurisdiction based on service in individual cases need not be entertained, "[at least ... where presence in the forum state is intentional, which would almost always be the fact."
Justice Stevens's opinion.
In a separate opinion concurring in the judgment, Justice John Paul Stevens stated that he declined to join either Justice Scalia's or Justice Brennan's opinion because he was "concerned by unnecessarily broad reach." Stevens stated that the historical evidence cited by Scalia, the considerations of fairness discussed by Brennan, and the common sense of Justice White's concurrence, "all combine to demonstrate that this is, indeed, a very easy case." In a footnote, Stevens mused that "[perhaps the adage about hard cases making bad law should be revised to cover easy cases."

</doc>
<doc id="20033992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033992" title="Terry Burrus">
Terry Burrus

Terrance Corley Burrus is an American keyboardist, composer, record producer, conductor, business and fashion designer executive.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, he started touring as a teenager playing with jazz fusion violinist Michał Urbaniak and singer Jean Carne, while still in high school in New York. Terry went on to replace Urbaniak's keyboardist at that time, Barry Eastman (who wrote "You Are My Lady" years later for Freddie Jackson) in Urbaniak's band. Burrus was brought to Jean Carne through percussionist-producer Norman Hedman who was one of Burrus's musical mentors as a child also. Later on through these types of associations, Burrus went on to play with trumpeter Tom Browne, drummer Lenny White and singer Melba Moore. Recommended by his friend pianist Kenny Kirkland, who was the keyboardist for Sting during the mid-1980s, Burrus moved on to play with the great Lena Horne in her award-winning show "Lady And Her Music" in 1984. Her band comprised Terry on piano and keyboards, Ben Brown on bass, Rodney Jones on guitar, Wilby Fletcher on drums, along with music director Linda Twine and an array of orchestras on various concert dates, including the London Symphony Orchestra. 
In 1983 Terry released his first solo single, called "Love Rockin'", for Arista Records a funk/electro/soul piece written and with all vocals and instruments by Burrus, with high-school buddy Omar Hakim drumming. This was known as Terry Burrus And Transe, produced by Burrus and Marcus Miller, another high-school friend. Burrus and Miller, along with drummer Poogie Bell, Bobby Broom, another high-school guitar friend, and Bernard Wright (also a high-school companion) went on to play for an off-Broadway show written by Weldon Irvine in 1977 called "Young Gifted And Broke" at the Billie Holiday Theater in Brooklyn, New York. Irvine had co-written with Nina Simone the famed song "To Be Young, Gifted, and Black". Return To Forever's drummer,and jazz fusion pioneer Lenny White joined the "Young Gifted And Broke" crew of musicians as a second and replacement drummer for Poogie Bell at times, during the post Chick Corea Return to Forever season. 
As time went on Terry became a highly respected and successful recording session man, playing on recordings of Michael Jackson, Toni Braxton, Janet Jackson, Swing Out Sister, Mariah Carey, The Cardigans, Donna Summer, Lisa Stansfield, Gloria Estefan, Aretha Franklin, Phyllis Hyman, Frankie Knuckles, David Morales, Satoshi Tomiie, Todd Terry and others. Being no stranger to synthesizers and electronic sounds, Burrus is said to own just about every electric keyboard that has came out since the Wurlitzer electric piano. In addition Burrus has always been intrigued by the great classical masters, having studied the artistry of Mozart, Beethoven, Handel and others during his school days in New York, and in his contemporary piano compositions and playing can be heard classical influences. He performs many classical piano recitals around the world as well playing as in the jazz and pop genres. 
Burrus has been sideman/music director on many tours of Jazz Explosion, as they were known in the 1980s and '90s, as well as on soul and gospel concerts with the Harlem Gospel Singers, Lionel Hampton, Gato Barbieri, George Benson, Angela Bofill, Larry Carlton, Bill Withers, Ramsey Lewis, Crown Heights Affair, Chaka Khan, Ronnie Laws, The Main Ingredient, Johnny Kemp, Stanley Clarke, Noel Pointer, Bobbi Humphrey, Sherry Winston. Burrus also wrote and produced with the president of Philadelphia International Records, Kenny Gamble, including "Living In Confusion" and "Forever With You" for Phyllis Hyman. Burrus wrote "I Just Love You So Much" for Billy Paul and wrote/produced "Love Goddess" for Lonnie Liston Smith. Burrus also wrote and produced "I'll Wait for You" and "The One And Only Lady In My Life" for Virgin recording group Burrell, among a long list of other compositions and productions to his credit. 
With contributions to the many remixes of artists from the 1980s and '90s to the present day, reinforcing the sound of house music and electronic music, his early associations working with Def Mix Productions, Frankie Knuckles, David Morales, Satoshi Tomei and Todd Terry, Junior Vasquez, Paul Simpson, Winston Jones, Dave Shaw, Jellybean Benitez, Tony Humphries, François K and many other international and American DJ producers have rooted him well on the dance-floor and in the remix world. Burrus has created sounds in electronica that he has extended into the world of Techno, Trance, Ambient, World music and more, his piano style especially being prevalent and dominant in the 1990s on many recordings by well known and new artists around the world. From his teenage days as a jazz fusionist to funkster to house and electronica pioneer, Burrus has been an ambassador of electronic music.
Early life.
Terry Burrus's interest in the organ and piano began at the age of five in Brooklyn at the Washington Temple Church Of God In Christ, a Pentecostal church under the founder Pastor Bishop F.D. Washington. Terry's mother Carter Lee and father James had been singing in the choir there since the mid-1950s. By the time Terry was five his parents enrolled him at the Alfred Miller Music school where he excelled to the point where he was playing gospel hymns a year or so later. 
He went on to study music in New York City at the La Guardia School of Arts (formerly known as Music and Art) and later attended Long Island University in New York. All the while he was recording in his personal and public recording studios as well as playing concerts worldwide as a sideman with Jean Carne, Michael Urbaniak, Tom Browne, Stanley Turrentine, Lenny White, Lena Horne, Phyllis Hyman, Crown Heights Affair and The Main Ingredient with Cuba Gooding. Terry Burrus always credits Sticks Evans, his junior high-school music teacher at John Coleman I.S.271 Junior High School in Brooklyn, for giving him encouragement and inspiration as a youngster. Stick Evans played drums for Aretha Franklin and Sammy Davis, Jr. Apart from being his teacher and mentor, Stick Evans regarded Terry as a little brother or even a son, and it was through this relationship that Burrus acquired strength to go on in the music world in life. In the late 1980s Burrus even took a newly built apartment in mid-Manhattan, in the area where Evans lived for many years until his death in the early '90s.

</doc>
<doc id="20033993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20033993" title="Next Year in Zion">
Next Year in Zion

Next Year in Zion is a 2008 studio album by Herman Düne. Lead singer and songwriter David-Ivar Herman Düne states "It's the first album that I write while I am happy. I used to think I needed to be a little sad, or at least melancholic to write, this one proved me wrong." [http://www.cityslang.com/release/73]
Track listing.
All songs were written by David-Ivar Herman Düne, except where noted.
Personnel.
David-Ivar Herman Düne – guitar, vocals<br>
Néman Herman Düne – drums<br>
Dave Tattersall (of The Wave Pictures) – guitar<br>
The Babyskins – backing vocals<br>
The John Natchez Bourbon Horn Players (on loan from Beirut)

</doc>
<doc id="20034004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034004" title="Independent (Faze album)">
Independent (Faze album)

Independent is the second studio album by Nigerian R&B Superstar Faze, released on October 5, 2006. The album has gained the tag of being 'THE MOST SOLD ALBUM OF THE YEAR 2007' as well as the most sold Faze album to date.
Production.
The production of the album was a bit similar since he featured some old producers who worked on his first such OJB Jezreel, Cohbams, Paul Runz. The album included ID Cabasa, Spankie,Mr Daz and Ja mix to Faze's list of producer with whom he had worked with.
Recording and Mixing engineers include Dr. Fabriz, Jamix, Clement, Jegg and Issac Effien
Reception and Charts.
Independent sold over one million copies before its release date making the most sold album before its official release date.
The Six singles in the album namely Loving you everyday (Channel O nominated for best West African Video of the year 2008), Kpo Kpo di Kpo (#1 Single chart song and Best Chereography award winner (Soundcity Awards), Letter to my brother (one of Africa's best diss replies as well as a top chart song), Tatoo Girls (#1 chart single),Need Somebody (#1 Chart single and Hip-Hop Nominated song for Best R&B Song of the year), and Kolomental (lead single of the album and one of the two biggest hits of 2007 the other being Yahoozee by Olu maintain)
With over 3 million sold with a number of awards and nomination Independent stands out as one of the best R&B album in Nigeria of all time. The album masterminded Faze's present international popularity as well as his yet unconcluded Konvict Muzik deal.
Vocals and Lyrics.
Independent is Faze's most popular, hit packed and talent expository album to date and his smooth voice in most songs are not just superb but unique..

</doc>
<doc id="20034019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034019" title="Scout Moor Wind Farm">
Scout Moor Wind Farm

Scout Moor Wind Farm is the largest onshore wind farm in England. The wind farm, which was built for Peel Wind Power Ltd, produces electricity from 26 Nordex N80 wind turbines. It has a total nameplate capacity of 65 MW of electricity, providing 154,000 MW·h per year; enough to serve the average needs of 40,000 homes. The site occupies of open moorland between Edenfield, Rawtenstall and Rochdale, and is split between the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in northern Greater Manchester and the Borough of Rossendale in south-eastern Lancashire. The turbines are visible from as far away as south Manchester, away.
A protest group was formed to resist the proposed construction, and attracted support from the botanist and environmental campaigner David Bellamy. Despite the opposition, planning permission was granted in 2005 and construction began in 2007. Although work on the project was hampered by harsh weather, difficult terrain, and previous mining activity, the wind farm was officially opened on 25 September 2008 after "years of controversy", at a cost of £50 million.
Geography.
Scout Moor is an upland moor of peat bog and heather in the South Pennines, reaching a maximum elevation of at its peak, Top of Leach. The underlying geology – a mixture of hard rock and soft shales – broadly belongs to the Lower Coal Measures. The rock and shales weather at different rates, giving the area a landscape of "steep escarpments separated by sloping shelves", although the main dome of the moor is flat and rounded. The moorland covers an area of about , of which less than , about 2%, is occupied by the wind farm.
Scout Moor Quarry, a open-pit mine in Edenfield, is used for the extraction of gritstone and sandstone, and formerly had its own railway line. The eastern fringe of Scout Moor Wind Farm extends to Hail Storm Hill (also known as Cowpe Moss), one of the 180 Marilyns of England. The presence of coal under Scout Moor led to extensive and unrecorded shallow coal mining in the area during the 18th and 19th centuries. Adits, shafts and coal seams from that period mark the landscape.
History.
In England, scout hills are long ridges of rock, appearing to be "shot out" horizontally. Scout is a corruption of the Old English "sceot", meaning "shot" or "to shoot", suggesting Anglo-Saxon settlement in the locality at a very ancient time. Kinder Scout in Derbyshire shares this etymology. The village of Shuttleworth, to the immediate west of Scout Moor, derives its name from "Sceot-hulls-worth", meaning "dwelling-place by the Scout hills".
Although the UK Government has set a target of 10% for the proportion of the UK's electricity produced by renewable energy by 2010, wind power in the UK has a long history of controversy, with an average approval rate for planning permission of only 28% for onshore wind farms. Scout Moor was first identified as an excellent site for a wind farm in 2001. Peel Holdings commissioned market research consultants MORI to undertake a telephone poll over seventeen days in 2002, soliciting the opinions of residents in Bury, Rossendale and Rochdale about wind farms in general and Scout Moor in particular. The results showed that 88% of respondents thought wind farms were a very or fairly good idea, 72% thought the Scout Moor project was a very or fairly good idea, and 63% stated wind power as the preferred energy source.
The proposal to build a wind farm, in a joint venture between United Utilities and Peel Holdings, was announced in 2003. Shortly afterwards a pressure group, "The Friends of Scout and Knowle Moor", was formed, and on 9 September 2003 representatives of the group attended a meeting of the Metropolitan Borough of Bury's, Ramsbottom and Tottington Area Board to oppose the plans. At the meeting, the spokesperson for the group said that, although they supported the use of alternative energy, they felt that this was the wrong area. Among the objections were that the scheme was contrary to the Unitary Development Plan and the Green Belt, and would adversely affect common land, open countryside and areas of ecological importance and special landscape value. The group also considered that the proposed development would be out of scale with the landscape, adversely affecting peat, water courses and wildlife, and would have a seriously detrimental visual impact, as well as causing a noise nuisance.
The second presentation was given by a representative of Scout Moor Wind Farm, who argued the need for Britain to produce clean green power without harmful emissions, to counter the increasing dangers of global warming. He went on to say that the UK has fewer wind farms than other major industrial countries in Europe, even though it is a windier country, and that North West England has a particularly poor record, with only 1.3% of electricity generated from renewable energy. Following this meeting the campaign to oppose the proposal gathered momentum, and in November 2003 a protest was held on the moor, led by environmental campaigner Professor David Bellamy.
Although Bury Metropolitan Borough Council supported the proposal, objections were raised by Lancashire County Council, Rochdale Metropolitan Borough Council and Rossendale Borough Council, and a public enquiry was held in November and December 2004. The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry gave formal consent to the application for the development of the wind farm in May 2005, by which time United Utilities had sold their share in the project and ended their involvement. A number of conditions were imposed:
On 20 April 2006, Janet Anderson (Member of Parliament for Rossendale and Darwen) asked Margaret Beckett, then Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, whether the development would meet the provisions of the Commons Bill regarding the protection of and public access to common land. The reply from Jim Knight, (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Rural Affairs, Landscape and Biodiversity) was that "hese applications are made under section 147 of the Inclosure Act 1845. Consideration is given under these provision to the effect of the exchange on the general public's legal right of access over the land. The future provisions in the Commons Bill are not relevant."
Construction.
The detailed design for the project was completed during summer 2006 and construction began in January 2007. The first task was to build a stable access road, but the moor was covered in a layer of peat with a low load-bearing capacity. The whole area had also been subjected to extensive coal mining during the 19th and early 20th centuries, so there was a potential for subsidence. To address these problems, the mining voids were grouted and a floating road was constructed, using a complex system of geotextiles and geogrids to prevent the road from sinking. This was achieved by laying a crushed-gravel base, reinforced with polyester and polypropylene grids, to bridge any potential mine voids and ensure that the weak shear strength of the subsoil was exceeded by the base course material.
The wind turbines arrived at Scout Moor in parts, transported by large goods vehicles along the M66 motorway to Edenfield as part of a 76-day long convoy of delivery.
The weather constrained the wind farm's construction for the teams from contractor McNicholas and German turbine supplier Nordex. During the final stages, the project manager for McNicholas was quoted as saying:
The wind farm, which stretches across nearly of open moorland between Edenfield, Rawtenstall and Rochdale, the largest onshore wind farm in England, was officially opened on 25 September 2008. As of 26 August 2008, 21 of 26 turbines had been commissioned and 4,000 MW·h of electricity had been exported to the National Grid. The turbines are visible from south Manchester, away, and are expected to produce enough electricity to meet the needs of 40,000 average homes. Scout Moor has the capacity to produce a total of 65 MW, compared with the 90 MW capacity of Kentish Flats, the United Kingdom's largest offshore wind farm. The total cost of the Scout Moor project was £50 million, but Peel Holdings expect the turbines to be in operation for at least 25 years. Since its opening, the wind farm "has become a real tourist attraction"; a calendar showing photographs of the wind farm's construction has been featured in local news stories.
Future plans.
Over the lifetime of the wind farm, Peel Holdings' energy subsidiary, Peel Wind Power Ltd, will provide up to £500,000 to help landowners create biodiverse areas on the land surrounding the moor. A prime target habitat envisaged to be enhanced and re-created under the Habitat Enhancement Plan is upland blanket bog and important habitats for skylarks and wading birds on the moorland fringe. To receive funding, landowners within an identified area will need to apply to a panel made up of representatives from Peel, the local authorities and independent ecological experts. This panel will meet regularly throughout the year.
Peel Wind Power are members of RenewableUK and state in their member's profile that they are actively seeking new opportunities in the renewable energy sector. In November 2008, the company announced a two-year agreement to look at developing wind farms on land owned by UK Coal. If the 14 sites encompassed by the agreement were successfully developed, they would have the potential for 54 wind turbines generating up to 133 megawatts of power. Peel Energy director Steven Underwood said: "This agreement is an important step for Peel Energy, significantly expanding its onshore pipeline and gaining access to some of the UK's best potential wind farm locations." The Peel group holds a 28% stake in UK Coal.
At a private meeting held in May 2007 between developers, EnergieKontor UK, and invited local councillors, plans were put forward for another large wind farm consisting of 24 turbines on the moors above nearby Haslingden, spanning Thirteen Stone Hill and Oswaldtwistle Moor. Following the meeting Catherine Pilling, a Rossendale Liberal Democrat councillor, expressed her view that the natural beauty of the Rossendale Valley was under threat as it was increasingly being targeted by wind farm developers. "Our party is very much in favour of renewable energy," she said, "but Rossendale is an area of outstanding beauty, and you have to ask: Would they be building a similar thing in the Lake District?" Rossendale Borough Council leader Duncan Ruddick representing the electoral ward of Worsley in Rossendale, the proposed site of the new wind farm, said he was against wind farms and would be campaigning against it and speaking at the Development Control committee when it came. The leader of the Labour local councillors was also opposed to the plan, saying that he was concerned about the size of the turbines and that the visual impact on the "beautiful West Pennine Moors" would be devastating. Planning permission for the development was granted by Hyndburn Council in March 2010.
Specifications.
Capacity factor.
As the figures given in the table above were published before the turbines had been operational for a full year they are projected rather than recorded figures. Wind speed is not constant, therefore, a wind farm's annual energy production never achieves the sum of the generator nameplate ratings multiplied by the total hours in a year. The ratio of actual productivity in a year to this theoretical maximum is called the capacity factor. Typical capacity factors are 20–40%, with values at the upper end of the range achieved on particularly favourable sites. The expected capacity factor for Scout Moor Wind Farm, calculated from the company's projected figures, is 27%.

</doc>
<doc id="20034024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034024" title="Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Italy were present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, represented by Mia Martini with "Rapsodia".
Selection.
The Italian broadcaster, Radiotelevisione Italiana (RAI), held an internal selection to select the Italian representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. RAI selected Mia Martini, who had previously represented Italy at the 1977 contest with "Libera", to return to the contest with the song "Rapsodia" (Rhapsody), composed by Giuseppe Dati and Giancarlo Bigazzi.
At Eurovision.
Martini performed 19th on the night of the contest, following Denmark and preceding Yugoslavia. "Rapsodia" received 111 points, placing 4th of 23 countries competing.

</doc>
<doc id="20034065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034065" title="Meatatarian">
Meatatarian

A meatatarian is a person who eats meat, animal based products, or animal produced foods excluding all other types of foods. It is a reactionary term created in response to vegetarianism. Additionally in response to veganism the practice of meatganism is the total absence of foods that are not from the flesh and bone of an animal. Although some meat-based diets exist (see reference to Inuit diet below), the meatatarian diet as charted below is generally not recommended by modern nutritionists.
Evidence of a meatatarian diet.
Studies of all-meat diets are uncommon in medical literature. Early European contact with Inuit provided new insight to meat based diets. Canadian Arctic explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson lived with the Inuit for long stretches of time and witnessed them thriving on a diet that consisted mainly of meat. He described people in good health and free from diseases such as scurvy, which was thought to be caused by a lack of fruits and vegetables. He also found that there was no evidence of tooth decay among the Inuit people before European contact, suggesting that an all meat diet might increase dental health.
In 1929, four physicians studying the all meat diet of an Arctic expedition concluded that "In general, white men, after they have become accustomed to the omission of other foods from their diet, may subsist on an exclusive meat diet in a temperate climate without damage to health or efficiency."

</doc>
<doc id="20034075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034075" title="Libyan Arab Basketball Federation">
Libyan Arab Basketball Federation

The Libyan Arab Basketball Federation "(LBF)" is the governing body for men's and women's basketball in Libya. LBF has been an affiliate of FIBA Africa since 1961 and its offices are located in Tripoli. As of 2008 its president is Omar El Burshushi.
Federation Development.
FIBA Africa Referees Clinic.
The LBF was a traditional powerhouse in the North African region. The Libyan national team participated in the FIBA Africa Championship games three times, in 1965, 1970, and 1978, where they placed fifth, fifth, and tenth respectively. In past years, the federation was not very active, but recently began initiating a couple of important activities to improve the level of play in Libya and the African continent. FIBA Sports Director Lubomir Kotleba, assisted by Boujemaa Jdaini, President of the Technical Commission of FIBA Africa, visited the country for a FIBA Africa referees clinic. The Clinic was held on March 20–24, 2005 in Tripoli, with participation of 46 Referees and Referee candidates from Algeria, Libya, Mali, Morocco, Sudan and Tunisia. The two FIBA experts used the clinic to explain the latest changes in basketball rules, mechanics of basketball officiating as well as topics like officiating psychology, handling rough game situations and cooperation with players and coaches. The clinic concluded with a written test of basketball rules, a physical fitness test and a practical officiating test for referee candidates. At the closing ceremony, at which representatives of the Ministry for Sport and National Olympic Committee took part, the President of the LBF, Omar T. El Burshushi said "We all around Libyan Basketball are honored to be the host of one of the FIBA Africa Clinic for Referees in 2005. We are working very hard in improving the standard of our basketball. The organization of such clinic will certainly lead us towards better officiating."
International Ambitions.
Abdulrahman N. Saddigh, Secretary General of LBF has big ambitions for hosting international events: "We have now completed in Tripoli two new sports halls which meet international requirements and we are ready to host the top African and even World competitions." In order to enhance the youth programs in the country, LBF hosted an international U21 tournament on April 12, 2005 in Tripoli with the participation of the national teams from Italy, Tunisia, Egypt and Libya. For the Libya national basketball team, the Libyan federation signed Srdjan Antic, a coach from Serbia & Montenegro.
Libyan Basketball League 2008-09.
The 2008-2009 Libyan Basketball Season began on October 17, 2008. This season features two Divisions: the first Division consists of eight teams - those who finished in the top eight spots from the proceeding season; the second division consists of five teams - including a new club that entered 2008's competition. 
First Division:
Second Division:

</doc>
<doc id="20034083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034083" title="90 Millas World Tour">
90 Millas World Tour

The 90 Millas World Tour is the seventh concert tour by singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan, the tour was performed primarily for her Spanish audience but also for the Dutch, Irish and British who have been her most ardent supporters.
The tour was promoted by concert touring company Live Nation, which also promotes shows for other international acts such as Madonna, U2 and Jay-Z.
Tour history.
This tour was made in part to promote the album sales of her latest effort "90 Millas", though initially the tour was a rumour only made by some Estefan fans on their forums, in May 2008 was announced by Estefan herself to a Spanish newspaper that the tour would come true for the summer season. This marked the first time in twelve years since Estefan made a tour to the European continent.
The tour started with only two legs, but both were for Europe, the first leg was for the concerts in Valencia and Marbella, Spain. The second leg started with the sold-out concert at Rotterdam, Netherlands and initially the tour would start at The Netherlands, and then will pass to Spain, but at last-time the concert started in Valencia for unknown reasons. Later, in 2009 the second leg was expanded to Latin American countries.
The tour was very simple and was partially made by all the Estefan's greatest hits, adding to some dates different songs at the encore section. At least one song of every album released by Estefan was added to set list:
Estefan sang the collaboration with Só Pra Contrariar "Santo Santo" as part of the encore of the Tenerife concert; this time the song was sung a cappella and with the public. The song was later added to the running order in her concerts of 2009 as a virtual duet with Só Pra Contrair on the video screen.
Estefan also made some covers, the first was Connie Francis hit "Where the Boys Are;" this song was sung at the concerts in London, Belfast, Rotterdam, and Hollywood. Another cover made by Estefan was her collaboration with Jennifer Lopez "Let's Get Loud" which was written by Estefan herself for Lopez's debut album. For the Madrid and Tenerife concerts Estefan made a cover of Joselito with his song "El Ruiseñor". In Liverpool, she sang a cover of "One Day in Your Life" as a tribute to Michael Jackson.
For the British concert on September 10, 2008 Estefan added a special song for the show, her rendition of Mel Carter's "Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me," which is until today one of Estefan's biggest selling singles at the UK.
Estefan also made some other encores at other concerts, at Madrid, Estefan made again the same rendition as she did at the Wembley Stadium of Mel Carter, and she also sang an acoustic version of her song "Always Tomorrow" and the cover of Joselito.
Though not included at first at the places to visit of the tour, Estefan was named along with REO Speedwagon the headliners for the 2008 Aruba Music Festival, leading to a free performance at October 11. 
One of the highlights of the tour was when Estefan surprised the audience and brought out her 13 
year old daughter Emily. The audience received Emily with an ovation and she performed to the audience playing the electric guitar and the drums in all the tour. Emily Estefan made a cover of Alice Cooper's "School's Out". In 2009 the song was replaced by Wild Cherry's "Play That Funky Music."
Latin American leg.
The tour was re-scheduled for performances at some Latin American countries such as Uruguay, Chile, Argentina, Peru and Ecuador. For some countries such as Uruguay, it was the first time Estefan came to visit during her music career, while for Argentina it was the first time in almost ten years to come around again. Although is the same leg of the above mentioned, the show was renamed "90 Millas - The Latin American Tour 2009".
The show at Uruguay is one of the most successful ever concerts made by Estefan and due the high and fast sells of the tickets, another date was added making it the only place of the tour to had a double-date. The two concerts at Uruguay were sold-out.
Jalisco en Vivo 2009.
Though not included at first, due to the main problem of the Swine influenza illness around the world, Estefan, along with other Latin American artists, would perform at a free concert, called "Jalisco en Vivo 2009," at Guadalajara, Mexico as part of a free-concert series in which Alejandro Fernández, who worked before with Estefan for the song "En El Jardín" was the official organizer of a campaign to promote tourism in Mexico after the epidemic. Estefan's sang her hit, "Con Los Años Que Me Quedan," as well as the duets, "En El Jardín" and "Si Nos Dejan" with Alejandro Ferenández at the Glorieta de la Minerva. The date officially given for the performance was on June 27, 2009.
Continuing 90 Millas.
Estefan extended her 90 Millas Latin American Tour starting in Puerto Rico on October 10, along with a show in Panama, and the closing of the tour in Mexico.
Set list.
<br>1Added to the running order in 2009.
<br>2Song performed by Gloria's daughter, Emily Estefan. In 2009 replaced by Wild Cherry's "Play That Funky Music."
<br>3Performed in all Spain dates in 2008.
<br>4Performed in all the 2008 dates outside Spain.
<br>5Performed in select 2008 dates outside Spain.
<br>6Performed in select Spain dates.
<br>7Performed in select 2009 dates.
<br>8Added to the running order in Zaragoza.
She's Got A Friend.
As part of her tour schedule, Estefan gave for the second time in a row, a three-days special performance at the Foxwoods Resort Casino. But the difference this time, was that this performance was a special concert with singer/songwriter Carole King. The three performances had sold-out audiences.
Set
Ticket sales.
The sales for the first date announced were sold via Live Nation at Thursday May 29, 2008
starting 5 pm until Friday May 30, 2008 ending at the same hour. The tickets for the concert at Marbella, Spain were exclusively sold, tickets for this concert were on sale on June 13, 2008 at www.ticktackticket.com, Tick Tack Ticket outlets, and the FNAC, Urende, Carrefour and Tipo stores and only 2,600 tickets were available.
The tickets for the concert at Santa Ponsa, Majorca were also exclusive in the way of sales, tickets for people resident of the city were cheaper than the tickets for tourists or travelers in the city. 
The tickets for the first Uruguay concert at the Hotel Conrad were only issued to VIP Casino guests leading to the first show being completely sold out. The second date was an open sale and had the same success selling-out everything. The concert in Peru was a complete success, the tickets sold out 2 weeks in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="20034121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034121" title="Oh Yeah (music centre)">
Oh Yeah (music centre)

Oh Yeah is a music centre located in Belfast, Northern Ireland, in the Cathedral Quarter. It was founded primarily to support young talented musicians and rockbands from Northern Ireland and its enormous growing music and artist scene by backing space, help and promotion, technical equipment for band-practices, recordings, gigs and event-organisation, performing space and releases of band-compilations ("Oh Yeah Sessions"). The Oh Yeah Music Centre's music-genres are varying in its manifoldness of Alternative rock, Indie rock, Electronica, Post rock, Post punk, Crossover, Experimental rock and further musical stylistic ways and conceptions.
Formation.
The Oh Yeah project was formed after a meeting between Gary Lightbody, of Snow Patrol, the former Assistant Editor of NME Stuart Baillie, who has been presenting radio programmes for the BBC since 1999, Martin Neill, a multi-media professional and head of the web design business "No More Art" and Davy Matchett, who has been involved in business and banking for the past ten years and shares a passion for music, on December 29, 2005. The group agreed that the project would prove beneficial to the Belfast, and Northern Ireland, music scene. Additionally, the group decided that Oh Yeah would be a non-profit organization. After a number of fundraising and charity work for the centre, Lightbody's band Snow Patrol donated a sizeable sum. Lightbody felt it would be more beneficial to get assistance from the government, and the group met Secretary of State Peter Hain on January 11, 2007 with their idea at Millbank, London. They succeeded in securing backing and financial assistance. Tim Wheeler from Ash and BBC Radio 1's Colin Murray are also counted among the active supporters of the Oh Yeah.
Recent activity.
The 2008 Fate Awards supported the project, and part of the profits made from the event were donated for the project. Project manager Stuart Bailie said: "The guys at Fate are actively raising funds for Oh Yeah - to literally put a roof over our heads. Fate instantly recognized that trying to establish a dedicated music centre for Belfast is a very tough process. We hope to become good friends with Fate and their contribution will go a long way to Oh Yeah realizing its potential."
Band Compilations.
Oh Yeah Sessions 2008.
Bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="20034190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034190" title="Carlos Muñoz Pizarro">
Carlos Muñoz Pizarro

Carlos Muñoz Pizarro (September 25, 1913 – May 12, 1976) was a Chilean botanist born in the city of Coquimbo and deceased on May 12, 1976 in New York City. He was well known for his studies of the Chilean flora, its conservation and as university professor.
Early life and study.
He developed an interest in natural sciences while studying agronomy at the University of Chile, from which he graduated in 1937. During 1939 and 1940 he studied plant taxonomy in the United States of America (USA), first at Harvard University and later at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington. After his return to Chile, he returned to the USA in 1948 to study the Chilean plants kept in the Gray Herbarium of Harvard University.
Teaching and advocacy.
He was an active advocate of the conservation of renewable natural resources and the scenic beauty of Chile. As a university professor, he constantly encouraged the younger generations to join him in this endeavor. He promoted the creation of the first Forestry School at the University of Chile. He taught botany for almost 40 years in the Agronomy, Forestry, and Architecture Schools of the University of Chile.
Expeditions.
Many expeditions throughout Chile allowed him to become familiar with the flora of Chile and turned him into a tireless disseminator of its peculiarities. He promoted the creation of a Network of National Parks and Forest Reserves in Chile and was one of the first Chilean botanists to draw attention to the threatened and endangered condition of numerous endemic species of the Chilean vascular flora. He also actively participated in creating the National Botanical Garden in the Region of Valparaiso (Chile). His enthusiasm for taxonomic studies was crucial for the complete refurbishing of the National Herbarium located at the National Museum of Natural History in Santiago (Chile), which he accomplished along with a significant increase in the number of herbarium specimens, contributed by him or by others. With his wife, Ruth Schick Carrasco, he created a collection of phototypes of the Chilean specimens in foreign herbaria. His passion for plant taxonomy was so great that he named his daughters after three grass genera: "Mélica", "Nassella", and "Aira".
Offices and awards.
He attended numerous conferences and scientific meetings. In 1940 he joined the Commission for the Protection of the Flora, Fauna, and Natural Scenic Beauty, which met in Washington (USA). That same year he was Vice President of the Biological Science Commission of the VIII American Scientific Congress held in the same city. In 1964 he was appointed Honorary Vice-Chairman of the X International Botanical Congress held in Edinburgh, Scotland. He was chairman of the Latin American Committee on National Parks (CLAPN) under the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) based in Switzerland. In 1967 it was incorporated as a Number Member of the Academy of Sciences of the Institute of Chile. Many honors were bestowed upon him, but most notably was his appointment, in 1974, as Knight in the Most Excellent Order of the Golden Ark by his Royal Highness Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands, for outstanding service in the cause of nature conservation.
Notable publications.
His extensive research generated a considerable number of publications, mostly in Spanish, including the "Bibliographic Index of Chilean Grasses (1941), "Synopsis of the Chilean Flora" (1959 and 1966), "Plant Species described by R.A. Philippi in the 19th Century" (1960), "Wild Flowers of Chile" (1966), and "Chile: Endangered Plants Species" (1973).
Death.
On May 12, 1976, while he was participating in the conference “Extinction is forever: threatened and endangered species of plants in the Americas and their significance in ecosystems today and in the future” at the New York Botanical Garden in commemoration of the Bicentennial of the United States of America, a heart attack ended his life at age 63.
Miscellanea.
He described 8 new species for the Chilean flora, and 4 plant species have been named in his honour: "Valeriana munozii" Borsini,"Gamochaeta munnozii" Cabr., "Senecio munnozii" Cabr., y "Griselinia carlomunozii" Dillon & Muñoz-Schick.

</doc>
<doc id="20034206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034206" title="Forme fruste">
Forme fruste

In medicine, a forme fruste (French, “crude, or unfinished, form”; "pl.", formes frustes) is an atypical or attenuated manifestation of a disease or syndrome, with the implication of incompleteness, partial presence or aborted state. The context is usually one of a well defined clinical or pathological entity, which the case at hand almost — but not quite — fits.
An opposite term in medicine, "forme pleine" — seldom used by English-speaking physicians — means the complete, or full-blown, form of a disease.
Use.
According to gastroenterologist William Haubrich: A patient may exhibit sudden, intense, epigastric pain and a rigid abdomen. He is thought to have a perforated peptic ulcer. But at operation, only a penetrating ulcer is found, sealed off by adhesion to the omentum or anterior abdominal wall. Such a patient is said to have a forme fruste of acute free perforation as a complication of his peptic ulcer disease.
History.
The Latin phrase "frustra esse" means "to be mistaken" or "to be confused". As a technical term in French, the cognate "fruste" has been used in two related ways. First, as an antiquarian’s term it refers to a coin, medal or ancient stone on which figures and characters can no longer be recognized due to wear. Secondly, it was employed in natural history to denote mollusk shells whose striations, grooves or tips were worn down. By extension, this sense could be applied to sculpture, pottery, or other objects of great antiquity.
It was in this sense of “indistinctness due to wear or through long use” that the great French internist Armand Trousseau (1801–67) first employed the term in connection with an obscured form of Graves' disease, which he described as a “…"maladie dite fruste par l’absence du goitre et de l’exophthalmie"” (“…disease said to be crude indistinct for its absence of goiter and exophthalmia”)
The sense of the term in medicine has slightly evolved to mean a “not fully developed form of an illness”, rather than simply an obscure form. Sigmund Freud (1856–1939) often used the term "forme fruste" in connection with incomplete or obscured cases of neuroses and psychoses and thus the literature of psychoanalysis is replete with it. (An equivalent term in German is "minimalvariante", but Freud used the French version.)

</doc>
<doc id="20034208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034208" title="Jack Lancaster">
Jack Lancaster

Jack Lancaster is a British composer, record producer and musician.
In the late 1960s, Lancaster co-founded the British rock group Blodwyn Pig with Jethro Tull guitarist Mick Abrahams. Since then he has performed live on tour, composed for television and film, performed as a session musician and has produced, written and arranged recording sessions with artists including Phil Collins, Hans Zimmer, Stephane Grappelli, Brian Eno, Vangelis, Rod Argent, and Gary Moore. Lancaster currently lives in Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20034214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034214" title="Nathan Brown (American football)">
Nathan Brown (American football)

Nathan Brown (born August 19, 1986 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi), was raised in Russellville, AR. He is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. 
He attended Russellville High School in Russellville, Arkansas. Where he was All-State his senior season playing for Coach Jeff Holt and the Russellville Cyclones. He was a Three-year letterman at Russellville High (Ark.) … Completed 242 of 353 passes as a senior for 3,385 yards and 33 TDs … Was KARV Dream Team Player of the Year, Russellville Courier Dream Team and All-River Valley … Also lettered three years in baseball and was an All-State performer in 2003 and 2004.
He was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2009. After being released he went to the New Orleans Saints for a short stint. 
He was a record breaking Quarterback college football at Central Arkansas.Playing history: four-year starter at quarterback at UCA; he was the Southland Conference Player of the Year in 2008 and the SLC Offensive Player of the Year in 2007; he was a Walter Payton Award finalist in 2008 and was a three-time All-American; was the first UCA player to play in the Senior Bowl in 2008; was also selected to the East-West Shrine Game; set state collegiate passing records for yards (10,558) and touchdowns (100); led the Bears to the NCAA Division II quarterfinals as a redshirt freshman; was Gulf South Conference Freshman of the Year in 2005; 
Currently Nathan is a coach for the University of Central Arkansas football program.

</doc>
<doc id="20034217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034217" title="If I Don't Stay the Night">
If I Don't Stay the Night

"If I Don't Stay the Night" is the second album from American country singer Mindy McCready. The album was released on November 4, 1997 via BNA Records. The album peaked at number 12 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and featured three singles, "What If I Do", "The Other Side of This Kiss", and "You'll Never Know". The album sold 825,000 copies and was certified gold by the RIAA, despite not producing a Top Ten country hit. The track "Oh Romeo" crossed over the United Kingdom, where it reached #41 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20034251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034251" title="List of Jamaican records in swimming">
List of Jamaican records in swimming

The Jamaican Records in Swimming are the fastest times ever swum by a swimmer representing Jamaica. These records are kept by Jamaica's national swimming federation: the Amateur Swimming Association of Jamaica (ASAJ).
Records are recognized for males and females in the following long course (50m) and short course (25m) events:
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="20034268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034268" title="Minister for International Security Strategy">
Minister for International Security Strategy

The Minister for International Security Strategy is a British government position. The current holder of the post is Andrew Murrison, Conservative Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Ministry of Defence,
The post is a junior ministerial position within the Ministry of Defence, previously it was of the more senior rank of Minister of State, but now it is of Parliamentary Under-Secretary level.

</doc>
<doc id="20034270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034270" title="Doug Stone discography">
Doug Stone discography

The discography of American country music singer Doug Stone consists of nine studio albums and thirty-three singles.
His self-titled debut album was released in 1990 on Epic Records. The album produced three top 10 singles, and a number one single, "In a Different Light". The album reached #12 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart, and was certified Platinum by the RIAA. "I Thought It Was You", his second album, was also certified platinum. It was followed by a Christmas album and 1992's gold-certified "From the Heart".
A fourth album for Epic, the gold "More Love", featured songs from the film "Gordy", his acting debut. After a greatest hits package in 1995, he released "Faith in Me, Faith in You" on Columbia Records. This album produced no Top 10 hits, however, and Stone did not release any albums until 1999's "Make Up in Love" on Atlantic Records, followed by the unsuccessful "The Long Way" on Audium. In 2005, Stone signed to Lofton Creek Records. Since signing, he has released two studio albums for the label. Neither album produced a charting single.

</doc>
<doc id="20034292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034292" title="Fanny Price">
Fanny Price

Fanny Price is the heroine in Jane Austen's 1814 novel "Mansfield Park". Austen describes Fanny Price as "extremely timid and shy, shrinking from notice", and repeatedly reinforces that Fanny is shy, timid, and afraid of everyone and everything.
Fanny's arrival at Mansfield Park.
Fanny Price is the eldest daughter of an obscure and poor retired Marine lieutenant in Portsmouth, who is father to eight other children. Fanny's mother's sisters, the wealthy Lady Bertram and Mrs Norris, offer to take her in and bring her up at Sir Thomas Bertram's estate, Mansfield Park, in Northamptonshire. Upon her first arriving in Mansfield, she is intimidated by her new home and her cousins (Thomas, Edmund, Maria and Julia), and is very homesick. None of her cousins are very obliging to her except Edmund, the younger son, who befriends her and helps her adapt to her new life. Mrs Norris, who prefers her richer cousins, constantly emphasises her inferiority, while Fanny's female cousins make fun of her apparent ignorance. As she grows, she finds Edmund to be a considerate companion and confidante, and she also becomes romantically attracted to him.
As a child, Fanny is described as being small, not a striking beauty, with an awkward but not vulgar air and a sweet voice.
As an adult, Fanny is pretty with a good figure and countenance but tires quickly from any exercise, including dancing.
Fanny is a quiet and conscientious character, passive, shy, and timid, who is frequently walked over by her more vibrant and forceful relatives and reluctant to give her own opinions or assert herself. She is intelligent and insightful and lives by a strict moral code that has made some Austen reviewers consider her to be "priggish". Kingsley Amis described Fanny as "morally detestable". Other critics point out that she is a complex personality, perceptive yet given to wishful thinking, and that she shows courage and grows in self-esteem during the latter part of the story. Austen biographer Claire Tomalin argues that "it is in rejecting obedience in favour of the higher dictate of remaining true to her own conscience that Fanny rises to her moment of heroism."
The arrival of the Crawfords.
When Fanny is 15, her uncle Norris, the local clergyman, dies, leaving the Mansfield living for Edmund, who is intended to be ordained soon; however, Edmund's elder brother, Tom, has been living too extravagantly, and the living has to be sold to repay his debts. A priest named Dr. Grant and his wife move into the parsonage. Fanny's Aunt Norris is compelled to take a small home in the village. Dr. Grant's wife has a half brother and sister, Henry Crawford and Mary Crawford, whom she cherishes but has been unable to see frequently, because they lived in London. However, they finally come and stay temporarily at the parsonage in order that Mary can get away from their London home. Her parents being dead, she lived with her uncle, an Admiral; when he moved his mistress into the house, it became improper for Mary to stay there. The Crawfords are elegant, and both captivate the attentions of the Bertram children. Both Maria and Julia Bertram are attracted to Henry Crawford, although Maria is engaged to Mr. Rushworth, a dull, unintelligent, but very rich man. Mary Crawford originally decides to try to captivate Tom Bertram, as he is the older brother and heir to the estates and baronetcy, but he proves to be more interested in his horse racing pursuits. She then becomes more interested in Edmund, who quickly becomes attached to her in turn, as he sees her as congenial and pleasant. Fanny is jealous of Mary Crawford and finds Henry Crawford's attentions to and flirtations with the engaged Maria Bertram to be inappropriate. Soon, Sir Thomas and Tom are taken from them, as they go to Antigua to settle some business there. This frees up the Bertram children to act outside of his stern presence; Lady Bertram is lazy and indolent, and does not exert herself to raise her children at all.
The impropriety of a theatre.
The elder son, Tom Bertram, now back from Antigua, under the influence of his flighty friend, Mr. Yates, decides that the party should undertake some amateur theatricals at Mansfield Park. He arranges for a small theatre to be built in the billiard room. All apart from Fanny and Edmund are enthusiastic, and the play "Lovers' Vows" is chosen after much discussion. Edmund and Fanny think the performance to be improper as the play has some risqué lines and has inappropriately romantic scenes between unmarried couples, and they endeavour to persuade the others to abandon the project. Edmund, finally, feels compelled to participate when Tom and Yates suggest bringing an outsider in to play the role they had had in mind for him. This alarms Edmund, because he feels it to be even more inappropriate to have a stranger present to perform a rather suggestive scene with Mary Crawford. Fanny continues to refuse despite being pressed by the rest of the party and her aunts. She does act as a prompter and helps them rehearse their speeches. A few evenings before the performance, Sir Thomas arrives home early from Antigua and puts an end to the play. Sir Thomas is upset with most of the party, but Edmund informs him, "All of us have been more or less to blame except Fanny."
Henry Crawford and Fanny.
Maria Bertram succumbs to Mr. Crawford's flirtations and becomes attracted to him, despite her engagement to Mr. Rushworth, for whom she cares little and only wishes to marry because of his wealth. However, when Mr. Crawford leaves Mansfield indefinitely to see to his estate and stay in London with his uncle, Maria marries Rushworth. When Mr. Crawford finally returns, he decides to amuse himself by courting Fanny, showing her attention and kindness, in order to make her fall in love with him. Gradually, her goodness grows on him and he finds himself falling in love with her in earnest. Fanny, in love with Edmund and with a bad opinion of Mr. Crawford's character, does not appreciate his attentions. Sir Thomas begins to realize that Mr. Crawford is in love with Fanny, and approves—it would make a very good match for a penniless girl such as Fanny. Mr. Crawford dances with Fanny at a ball, and later tries to gain her favour by facilitating the promotion of her favorite brother, William, to lieutenant in the Royal Navy by using his uncle's influence. But when he proposes to Fanny, she rejects him due to her love for Edmund, his scandalous flirting with Maria and Julia, and because his behavior has made her believe he has no principles. The refusal angers Sir Thomas, who demands an explanation. Fanny can neither tell anyone of her secret love of Edmund nor reveal Henry Crawford's scandalous behavior towards Julia and Maria to Sir Thomas. Therefore Sir Thomas believes her to be simply selfish and willful. He remonstrates with Fanny quite severely for her ingratitude for what he has done for her. Fanny is emotionally devastated by this, but still refuses Crawford, as he continues to court her.
A scandalous affair.
Fanny is sent by Sir Thomas back to her family in Portsmouth, so that she can better understand the benefits of what seems to him to be an ideal match with a wealthy suitor. Crawford visits Fanny in Portsmouth and she finds that his love for her is apparently constant and he does not disparage her poor family. She begins to think upon him more favorably, believing he has genuinely changed. Crawford then goes to London, where Maria is staying with her husband. At the same time, it seems that Edmund is moving towards marriage with Mary Crawford, despite her denigration of his desired profession of clergyman. It appears Mary truly loves Edmund. And Edmund told Fanny, "She is the only woman in the world whom I can think of as my wife." Just as the story begins to seem like it will resolve with Edmund marrying Mary and Fanny marrying Crawford, a triumph of love healing character flaws, the story abruptly changes as Crawford and Maria are caught in a compromising position, causing them to elope. Newspapers inform the general public of the scandal. Edmund, heartbroken, visits Mary Crawford in London. He is horrified to learn that she does not regard the scandal as too terrible. Her character's lack of a moral foundation is exposed at last, and he realizes he can never marry her. Edmund and Fanny return to Mansfield Park; over the course of time, Edmund realises that he does love Fanny and is delighted to find that she has always loved him and they are married.

</doc>
<doc id="20034299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034299" title="Conar Instruments">
Conar Instruments

Conar Instruments is a company located in Washington, D.C.. It is an expansion of the National Radio Institute's (NRI) student supply division. The purpose of this division was primarily to supply test equipment to NRI students and graduates. The name 'Conar' is derived from the first letters of 'COmpany, NAtional Radio.' Conar was able to enter the market with a complete series of radio-TV test-equipment kits of proven design developed by NRI's technical staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20034302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034302" title="Bloom (software)">
Bloom (software)

Bloom is a generative music application for iOS created by Brian Eno and Peter Chilvers. The software plays a low drone, and touching the screen produces different tones, which play in a loop. If the screen is left untouched, the software will create its own music.
Eno and Chilvers have since released a related app named trope and another in 2012 named Scape.

</doc>
<doc id="20034306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034306" title="Portland and Southwestern Railroad Tunnel">
Portland and Southwestern Railroad Tunnel

The Portland and Southwestern Railroad Tunnel is an abandoned railroad tunnel near Scappoose, Oregon, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The tunnel was driven by the Portland and Southwestern Railroad, whose chief business was logging. Unusually for a logging railroad, the Portland and Southwestern built tunnels. In order to reach the far side of the Nehalem divide in the Northern Oregon Coast Range, the railroad undertook a tunnel. Some work was started in 1910, but most work began in 1918 and was completed in 1919. Since the tunnel was not through solid rock, the tunnel was lined with timber. The tunnel was used until 1945, when it was replaced by a truck road over the divide.
While portions of the tunnel roof have collapsed, the tunnel is still open from end to end.
The west portal is located at ; the east portal is at .

</doc>
<doc id="20034355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034355" title="Chris Pizzotti">
Chris Pizzotti

Chris Pizzotti (born June 29, 1986 in Reading, Massachusetts) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Harvard.
Pizzotti has also been a member of the Green Bay Packers.
Early years.
Pizzotti attended Reading Memorial High School in Reading, Massachusetts.
College career.
Pizzotti attended Harvard University where he majored in Economics. He was selected First-team All-Ivy League in 2007 and 2008.
Professional career.
New York Jets.
After going undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft, Pizzotti was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent on May 1, 2009. He was waived on August 15, 2009. He was re-signed on August 21, only to be waived again on August 30.
Green Bay Packers.
On December 9, 2009, Pizzotti was signed to the Green Bay Packers practice squad after the team lost former practice squad quarterback Mike Reilly after Reilly was signed to the St. Louis Rams active roster. On January 11, 2010 Pizzotti was signed to reserve/future contract.
On May 20, 2010, the Packers released Pizzotti and signed Graham Harrell.

</doc>
<doc id="20034391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034391" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 104">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 104

The 104th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Dauphin County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20034431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034431" title="Andre Brown (running back)">
Andre Brown (running back)

Andre Brown (born December 15, 1986) is an American football running back who is currently with the New York Giants in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Giants in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at NC State.
Brown has also been a member of the Carolina Panthers, Indianapolis Colts, Denver Broncos, and Washington Redskins.
Early years.
Originally signed with NC State in 2004, but spent last season at Hargrave Military Academy ...No. 13 prep school player nationally according to Rivals.com ... Graduated from Greenville Rose High School where he played for coach Greg Thomas ... North Carolina's Associated Press Player of the Year in 2003 ... Rushed for a state record 3,479 yards as a senior in 2003 ... Averaged more than 12 yards a carry that year ...Led Greenville Rose to a state 4-A title during his senior season in 2003 ...Scored 47 career touchdowns ...Third-team 2003 Fox Sports Net Countdown to Signing Day All-South Team ... Announced his decision to attend NC State on Fox Sports Net South's "Countdown to Signing Day" TV show in Atlanta ... Was the No. 10 running back nationally according to Rivals.com ... Rated the No. 19 prospect in the region and No. 7 in the state by Rivals.com.
College career.
Brown played four seasons for the NC State Wolfpack, rushing for 2,539 yards and 22 touchdowns on 523 carries. He rushed for 767 yards and seven touchdowns (both career highs) as a senior in 2008.
Professional career.
First stint with the Giants.
Brown was drafted by the New York Giants in the fourth round (129th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. He suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon during training camp on August 14, which forced him to miss his rookie season. He was placed on injured reserve on September 1, 2009. Brown was waived by the Giants on September 4, 2010.
Denver Broncos.
On September 5, 2010, Brown was claimed off waivers by the Denver Broncos, waived on September 15, and then signed to the Broncos' practice squad on September 17, 2010. On September 21, 2010 Brown was signed to the active roster, and Lance Ball was waived. Brown himself was waived on October 16, 2010. In four regular season games with the Broncos, Brown played in three but only amassed statistics in one (two rushes for a total of minus one yard in a 31-17 road loss to the Baltimore Ravens on October 10, 2010).
Indianapolis Colts.
Brown was claimed off waivers by the Indianapolis Colts on October 18, 2010. Brown was moved to the Colts active roster on November 6, 2010, then waived on November 9, 2010. Brown did not amass any statistics in his only game with the Colts, a 26-24 road loss to the Philadelphia Eagles on November 7, 2010.
Carolina Panthers.
Brown was claimed off waivers by the Carolina Panthers on November 9, 2010, and then waived on November 16, 2010. Brown did not play in his only game with the Panthers, a 31-16 road loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on November 14, 2010.
Washington Redskins.
On November 24, 2010, Brown was signed by the Washington Redskins and added to their active roster. He was released on July 28, 2011.
Second stint with the Giants.
On August 3, 2011, Brown re-signed with the New York Giants. He was waived on September 3, but re-signed the next day to the practice squad. On February 5, 2012, Brown and the Giants won Super Bowl 46 against the New England Patriots. After the game Brown became known for his celebratory song, "I got a ring", he and his teammates sang on the plane ride home and at the parade the following week.
In March 2012, Brown was hit with a four-game suspension by the NFL for violating the league's substance abuse policy. He later claimed it was a result of Adderall use and eventually won an appeal, having his suspension lifted.
On September 16, after starter Ahmad Bradshaw was knocked out of the game with a neck injury, Brown rushed for 71 yards on 13 carries, converting a two-point conversion and scoring the game-winning touchdown against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
On September 20 of 2012, Brown stepped in as the starter for the Giants against the Carolina Panthers on Thursday Night Football. Brown rushed for 113 yards on 20 carries, scoring two rushing touchdowns. He also had 3 receptions for 17 yards.
On November 25, he suffered a broken fibula in the fourth quarter on a Sunday Night Football game against the Green Bay Packers at MetLife Stadium, effectively ending his season. He ended the season, where he participated in 10 games, with 73 carries for 385 yards, with a 5.3 yard per carry average, after only 2 carries in the previous 3 seasons. He was eventually placed on injured reserve.
In 2013, Brown injured his leg in the final preseason game for the New York Giants. He was expected back by week 10.
He did return week 10 to face the Oakland Raiders, where he accumulated 115 yards rushing and one rushing touchdown in his 2013 debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20034434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034434" title="December 2008 in rail transport">
December 2008 in rail transport


</doc>
<doc id="20034448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034448" title="Tele-information services">
Tele-information services

Tele-information services are based on an alliance of digital telecommunication and computer technology that play an important role in inter-human communications. It is a classification of information flows broken down so that the presentation and information content are not confused with the character of the information flow. Tele-information services consist of four definable information traffic patterns being "allocution", "conversation", "consultation" and "registration". These information traffic patterns can be combined to form more complex multi-pattern services and networks made up of any number of information traffic patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="20034453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034453" title="Heavy Machinery (album)">
Heavy Machinery (album)

Heavy Machinery is a collaborative studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, keyboardist Jens Johansson and drummer Anders Johansson, released in 1996 through Heptagon Records (Europe), and on August 12, 1997 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Pony Canyon (Japan).

</doc>
<doc id="20034457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034457" title="Aliante Casino and Hotel">
Aliante Casino and Hotel

Aliante Casino and Hotel (formerly known as the Aliante Station) is a locals casino in North Las Vegas, Nevada, owned and operated by a group of banks and private equity firms.
History.
The $662-million Aliante Station project was first announced on December 20, 2005 by Station Casinos. The casino was a joint venture between Station Casinos and the Greenspun Corporation, who had previously partnered in developing Green Valley Ranch. Greenspun contributed the 40-acre site, part of its Aliante planned community. The target market was expected to include the 6,500 households in Aliante and visitors to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, among other locals and travelers. 
Aliante Station opened on November 11, 2008, at 10:40 p.m. Aliante was originally going to open at 11:11, however due to such a large crowd and traffic, the casino opened sooner. Before the opening, a fireworks show was provided for the public. 
After Station Casinos filed for bankruptcy in July 2009, Aliante was handed over in November 2011 to its creditors, a group of nine banks and three private equity firms that were owed more than $378 million, while the property's estimated liquidation value was only $47–53 million. ALST Casino Holdco LLC was created to own the resort, with its largest shareholders being Standard General LP (28%), Apollo Global Management (20%), and TPG Capital (20%). Station continued to manage Aliante under an agreement with the new owners until November 1, 2012.
Similarities and differences.
The Aliante has a similar interior design to the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino, that is located in Summerlin. However, the Aliante presents a different design on the exterior. These similarities include a different color. The Red Rock has a maroon type of red color. The Aliante has a more aquamarine type of blue color to it.

</doc>
<doc id="20034463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034463" title="Dedication 3">
Dedication 3

Dedication 3 is a mixtape by DJ Drama and Lil Wayne. It is the sequel to its predecessors, "The Dedication" and the highly successful "Dedication 2", becoming the third in Lil Wayne's "Gangsta Grillz" tetralogy. Lil Wayne also told MTV, ""Tha Carter IV" is nice but you need to be looking for "Dedication 3"". Although Dedication 3 was a major success, it failed to match that of its predecessors but did gain some attention. The mixtape has sold over 70,000 copies in the United States, despite being available for free download. Besides the interludes, a majority of the mixtape has Wayne using auto-tune and rapping alongside artists signed to his label, Young Money Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20034475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034475" title="Dragon Fighter (video game)">
Dragon Fighter (video game)

Plot.
Set in a fantasy world, an evil warlock named Zabbaong attacks the once peaceful land of Baljing with his army of monsters, leaving the country in ruins. The Dragon Spirit, the guardian deity of the Baljing people, decides to take vengeance on Zabbaong by bringing the statue of a legendary warrior to life. The warrior must travel to Zabbaong's lair at Mount Gia in order to slay the evil warlock and avenge the people of Baljing.
Gameplay.
The player takes control of a magical human fighter who has the ability to transform himself into a flying dragon. As the fighter, the player can run, crouch, jump, and attack with his sword as he would in most side-scrolling action games. 
As the fighter, the player can also shoot a projectile attack by holding the B button until the character begins to flash, and waiting until the attack is fully charged. The types of projectile fired by the player depends on the color of the player's outfit, which can be changed by picking up certain power-up items labeled with the letters G (green, the player's default color), B (blue), and R (red). Underneath his life gauge is a "metamorphosis gauge" that will gradually be filled as the player destroys his enemies. When the metamorphosis gauge is at least halfway full, it will flash, and the player can transform into the dragon by pressing and holding "up" on the d-pad at the peak of a jump (the peaks of any jumps where the "A" button is let go prematurely also count). As a dragon, the player will hover in the air while the screen scrolls automatically to the right, similarly to a side-scrolling shoot-'em-up game. The dragon's attack corresponds to the color of the player's outfit. While the player can fly in any of the eight directions, they cannot turn around and the dragon will only face and attack to the right. As a dragon, the player's metamorphosis gauge will gradually be drained out. The player will transform back to a fighter if the metamorphosis gauge empties out completely, and the player can also transform back at any time by pressing the "down" and "A" buttons simultaneously. Though the instruction manual says you can also do so by rapidly pressing the A button, doing so does not work. 
Other power-ups (besides the different color outfits) include energy restoring potions, a flower that helps fill the metamorphosis gauge faster, and a ring that destroys all on-screen enemies. At the end of each stage, the player will receive a staff that will increase their maximum health. The staff will also partly refill the players health.
There are six stages in all, each with their own guardian awaiting to challenge the warrior at the end. The game will end if the player loses all of their life power and only three chances are provided to continue at the stage where they died before the player is forced to start all over.

</doc>
<doc id="20034482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034482" title="Jamuna Future Park">
Jamuna Future Park

Jamuna Future Park is the largest shopping mall in South Asia, located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was partially inaugurated on 6 September 2013. The construction started in 2002, by Jamuna Builders Ltd., a subsidiary of the Jamuna Group. However, due to its slow development of construction, the exterior was completed in 2008. This is also the 12th largest shopping mall in the world with a gross leasable area of 4.1 million sq ft and total area of 5.45 million sq ft. 
Location.
The complex is constructed on of land in Kuril, Baridhara, situated on the Pragati Sharani, neighboring posh residential areas of Dhaka city like Gulshan, Banani, and Bashundhara. It is surrounded by commercial businesses including several multinational companies. The head office of Grameenphone is right across the street from the complex. Shahjalal International Airport is just a few minutes drive, and major embassies and foreign offices are within walking distance.
It can be accessed by Kuril Flyover, which opened on August 2013, from both directions of the Airport Road.
Structure.
The centrally air-conditioned shopping complex has nine floors, equipped with its own 45 MW powerplant and highspeed WiFi internet. The lower basement and middle basement floor are reserved for car parking and a portion for a supermarket and a hypermarket. Level 1 is the base floor for all atria, facilities for live entertainment, musical and fashion shows, etc. From the ground floor to the fifth floor, there are several categories of local and international brand shops, non-branded shops, bank space, online booths and food courts. The fifth floor has space for a children's theme park, a gymnasium and a health club, two separate swimming pools for men and women, spacious exhibition halls, banquet halls, international standard cineplex with seven individual halls, 22-lane bowling alley with karaoke facilities, and a musical and entertainment floor. JFP is also going to have Dhaka's second Ice skating rink.
The shopping mall is built to withstand 7.5 magnitude earthquake.
Facilities.
List of shops.
List of companies, who are going to open outlets in the mall (As of 03 March 2014):
Bangladeshi:
International:
List of Restaurants.
Bangladeshi: 
International:
Source: Advertisement from 12 November 2012 issue and 3 September 2013 issue of "Prothom Alo".
Future projects.
After completion, Jamuna Future Park will have these facilities:

</doc>
<doc id="20034488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034488" title="Captain Alexander Smollett">
Captain Alexander Smollett

Captain Alexander Smollett is the captain of the schooner Hispaniola in Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island. He plays an important part in disciplining the main characters on the ship as the story progresses, and helps the protagonists survive against the pirates later on. 
He first appears to the reader as a strict, bitter man who finds fault with everything and is never satisfied. However, he quickly reveals that not all is well aboard the ship, and his first conversation with Jim Hawkins, Dr. Livesey, and Squire Trelawney foreshadows the eventual mutiny of many of the Hispaniola's members under the leadership of Long John Silver, a cunning and wealthy one-legged pirate. When the Hispaniola finally reaches its destination and the pirates rebel, he organizes the faithful crew's flight from the Hispaniola onto the shores of Treasure Island, and helps in gaining a stockade on the island. The next day, he attempts to negotiate with 'Captain' Long John Silver, but the negotiations fail due to the arrogance of Silver and the stubbornness of Smollett. (Indeed, Smollett admits that he has goaded Silver on purpose, reasoning that battle is probably inevitable and might as well be fought sooner rather than later, while they are alert and fresh.) As a result, Silver storms off in a rage, and Smollett is left to organize the defence of the stockade. In the battle of the stockade, he is seriously wounded by two bullets, though neither incapacitates him, and he disappears from the story for the most part. In the end, he and the faithful crew sail back to Bristol laden with treasure, and he retires from sea life, exhausted by the whole affair.
Captain Smollett's role in the story is crucial, but he is usually remembered for his temperamental personality. He is obsessed with duty and expects all his orders to be followed to the letter. When the stockade's defences break down during his negotiations with Silver, he explodes, venting his rage on the Doctor and Squire Trelawney for abandoning their stations to watch the negotiations. Yet he doesn't fail to reward those who perform well, and praises Abraham Gray, a mutineer who defects to their side, for staying at his post dutifully. 
In the 1988 Soviet screening of the Treasure Island, Captain Smollett (not assigned a first name in the cartoon) was portrayed as a light hearted humorous take on Soviet military ranks, with obsessive personality that, on one hand, really demanded his orders to be followed to the letter - but, on the other hand, that was more loyal than anyone else to the cause and the letter of the law (since the cartoon omitted a large part of Treasure Island events to fit into the format, Captain Smollett became a lot more one-dimensional, though more colourful).
In the 1996 Disney film "Muppet Treasure Island", this character was renamed Captain Abraham Smollett (Kermit the Frog) by Brian Henson and the scriptwriters, in which he is rewritten as easy-going and fair in deference to Kermit's amiable character. 
In the 2002 Disney film "Treasure Planet", this character is replaced with Captain Amelia. She is voiced by Emma Thompson.
In the 2006 film "Pirates of Treasure Island" by The Asylum, the character is renamed Captain Smollette and depicted as a Frenchman trading with the then-new United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20034513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034513" title="Benny Blanco">
Benny Blanco

Benjamin Levin (born March 8, 1988), professionally known as Benny Blanco, is an American rapper, musician, songwriter and record producer. He has written and produced songs for artists such as Katy Perry ("California Gurls", "Teenage Dream"), Maroon 5 ("Moves like Jagger, "Payphone"), Britney Spears ("Circus"), Taio Cruz ("Dynamite"), Kesha ("Tik Tok"), Gym Class Heroes ("Stereo Hearts", "Ass Back Home"), Wiz Khalifa ("Work Hard, Play Hard", "No Sleep") and Trey Songz ("Heart Attack").
Early in his career, Blanco worked with Dr. Luke, and has also collaborated with Shellback, Ryan Tedder, Bruno Mars, Nicki Minaj, Dan Wilson, Mike Posner, Max Martin, Sean Paul and Paul Epworth.
Additionally, Blanco received the Songwriter of the Year Award at the BMI Pop Awards in early 2012.
Life and career.
The Beginning & Disco D.
Blanco, a Virginia native, began by making beats in his bedroom and his first serious exposure to music came in 1994 with the cassette singles: Nas's "The World Is Yours"
and "I Swear" by All-4-One. Blanco's rapping earned the attention of The Source and executives at Columbia Records. Levin eventually secured an apprenticeship with producer Disco D.
In 2007 Blanco and Spank Rock collaborated on Bangers & Cash, a collaborative EP. Blanco went on to work with Amanda Blank and Santigold.
2008-present.
Blanco was mentored by songwriter/producer Dr. Luke, who helped him score some of his biggest hits. Blanco says, “That’s when I met Dr. Luke. Luke taught me all the intricacies of how to make a song. He also taught me a lot about interacting with artists. When you’re a producer you’re more than the guy who tells people what to do. You’re like a therapist. You have to know when the artist needs a break—when it’s time to stop working and collect your thoughts."
He worked on several tracks on Maroon 5's album Overexposed, including the lead single "Payphone" featuring Wiz Khalifa.
“I listen to so many different types of music,” he says. “I don’t want to have any boundaries whatsoever. If someone came to me and was like, ‘I want to make a polka album,’ I’m making the best damn polka album ever.” Much of his sonic inspiration, he says, comes from his home base of New York City. “I love that this city isn’t pretty all the time — that it’s dirty and loud. Sometimes when you’re in the studio you can actually hear car horns and fire alarms outside—I love that.”
Even with his reputation on the rise, Blanco retains all the energy that drove his earliest hustles. “Dude, I’m still waiting for the day when someone’s like, ‘All right, Benny, the jig is up—your job at Burger King will be available next weekend,” says the producer, whose extramusical activities include being a frequent guest lecturer at NYU’s Clive Davis Department of Recorded Music and the Get Well Soon Tour, a charity that Blanco started designed to bring superstar musical performances to sick kids in hospitals. “I always knew I’d do something with music if I just kept at it and was annoying enough. But every day I thank my lucky stars it turned out like this.”
Blanco is currently in the studio working with a number of diverse artists and will have songs on several major releases coming out in 2013. Some of which will see him re-teaming with some of music’s hottest names.
On June 13th, 2013, Blanco was awarded with the Hal David Starlight Award at the 44th Annual Songwriters Hall of Fame ceremony, awarded to young artists who have already made an impression on the music industry. In his acceptance speech, he joked, saying "They picked the wrong person, I'm in a room with people I should probably be serving food to."
Production discography.
Singles.
The following singles peaked inside the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100, Hot 100 Airplay (Radio Songs) and/or the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20034519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034519" title="Harriet's Halloween Candy">
Harriet's Halloween Candy

"Harriet's Halloween Candy" is a children's picture book that is written by Nancy L. Carlson.
Summary.
Harriet doesn't want to share her Halloween candy with her little brother. She is running out of places to hide her candy so she tries to think of a solution.

</doc>
<doc id="20034531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034531" title="Yasushi Endo">
Yasushi Endo

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 15 June 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20034550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034550" title="Auntie's Bloomers">
Auntie's Bloomers

"Auntie's Bloomers" was a blooper show hosted by Terry Wogan that ran from 29 December 1991 to 29 December 2001 and aired on BBC1. Most bloopers consisted of homegrown BBC programmes including soaps, sitcoms, dramas and news. The first two episodes of the show were made by independent production company Celador. Their contract to produce the show expired after the broadcast of the second episode on 27 December 1992 and was not renewed, leaving the BBC to produce the show themselves from 1994 to 2001. 
The show's carried a strong BBC theme, most notably throughout the mid-90s where the set was supposedly the BBC archive, and the opening titles consisted of a mysterious figure entering the BBC Television Centre and retrieving archive footage from a safe. The programme's title comes from the affectionate nickname "Auntie Beeb" by which the BBC is often referred. The show was replaced by "Outtake TV" in 2002, a show similar in concept but with slightly less emphasis on BBC-only material.

</doc>
<doc id="20034560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034560" title="USS Scorpion (PY-3)">
USS Scorpion (PY-3)

The fourth USS "Scorpion" was a steam yacht in commission in the United States Navy from 1898 to 1899, 1899 to 1901, and 1902 to 1927.
Construction and acquisition.
"Scorpion" was built in 1896 as "Sovereign", a two-masted schooner-rigged, 775-ton, steel steam yacht, for M.C.D. Borden by John N. Robins, South Brooklyn, New York. The U.S. Navy purchased her on 7 April 1898 for service in the Spanish-American War. Renamed USS "Scorpion", she was commissioned on 11 April 1898 with Lieutenant Commander Adolph Marix in command.
Service history.
Spanish-American War.
Following commissioning, "Scorpion" proceeded to Hampton Roads, Virginia, where she joined the Flying Squadron on 1 May 1898 and prepared for duty in the Caribbean. On 22 May, she arrived with the squadron off Cienfuegos, Cuba, then continued on to the Santiago de Cuba area with dispatches for ships scouting off that port. On 25 May, she returned to Cienfuegos, patrolled there on blockade duty until the next day, then departed for Key West, Florida, for coal and water.
On 7 June, "Scorpion" headed south, escorted a provisions ship and an ammunition ship to Santiago de Cuba, then, until 22 June, performed blockade duties off the harbor there. On 22 June, she assisted in clearing the beach at Daiquirí in preparation for a United States Army landing and, on 23 June, carried out a similar mission at Siboney. On 24 June, she resumed blockade duties off Santiago de Cuba. On 30 June, she shifted to Cape Cruz, and on 1 July she joined the armed tug in an unsuccessful attack on Spanish gunboats in Manzanillo harbor. After the attack, she retired to waters off the entrance, captured a provisions lighter, and patrolled there until 5 July.
"Scorpion" then proceeded to Guantanamo Bay for water, coal, provisions, and ammunition. She returned to Manzanillo on 11 July, and, on 18 July, participated in another attack that destroyed all Spanish Government vessels then in the harbor.
After the second attack on Manzanillo, "Scorpion" resumed blockade duties, continued them until 3 August, then returned to Guantanamo Bay, whence she carried dispatches for the remainder of the war, which ended on 13 August.
Pre World War I.
On 27 November, "Scorpion" departed Cuban waters. A month later, she arrived at New York and, on 14 January 1899, she was decommissioned in preparation for conversion to a gunboat.
Recommissioned on 22 August 1899, "Scorpion" was assigned to the Isthmian Canal Commission and ordered to Central America. Into the spring of 1900, she remained in the Caribbean as the Commission investigated the proposed canal routes. In June 1900, she returned to the United States, operated off the northeast coast into the autumn of 1900, then resumed operations in the Caribbean. From November 1900-May 1901, she cruised off Hispaniola. In June 1901, she arrived at Boston, Massachusetts, and, on 24 July, she was again decommissioned.
On 1 July 1902, "Scorpion" was recommissioned and assigned to the North Atlantic Squadron. For the next six years, she carried dispatches and personnel, conducted hydrographic surveys, and participated in exercises along the United States East Coast and in the Caribbean, operating primarily off Santo Domingo during 1906 and 1907.
Ordered to the Mediterranean in 1908, "Scorpion" sailed from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 22 October 1908. On 4 December 1908, she arrived at Constantinople in the Ottoman Empire to take up duties as station ship, but she was ordered to Messina, Italy to assist in relief efforts for the survivors of an earthquake there. She supported International Medical Service efforts from 3-8 January 1909, then steamed back to the Ottoman Empire. From 10 February-15 July, she was at Naples, Italy, for repairs. She returned to Constantinople on 20 July and assumed station ship duties, which included work for the U.S. Embassy. From 27 November 1910-28 January 1912, she was at Trieste in Austria-Hungary for extensive repairs, and in February 1912 she returned to Constantinople. In August 1912, she assisted earthquake victims in the Ottoman Empire and, in October 1912, as the First Balkan War broke out, she commenced operations to assist Americans caught in disputed areas.
On 18 November, the Diplomatic Corps resident in Constantinople decided to land 2,500 men and 26 guns to protect foreign residents and their interests from rioting. In addition to detachments from British, French, German, Italian, and Russian warships, "Scorpion" landed a small detail to guard the U.S. Legation. The men from "Scorpion" reembarked on 3 December.
Throughout the First Balkan War, which lasted six months, and the Second Balkan War, which followed in the summer of 1913, "Scorpion" continued to protect American interests. After the two wars, she assisted the international commissions which gave aid to refugees and displaced persons.
World War I.
World War I began in August 1914, and in November 1914 the Ottoman Empire entered it on the side of the Central Powers. During the first years of the war, the Ottoman government held the "Scorpion" at Constantinople. The U.S. entered the war on the side of the Allies on 6 April 1917, and, on 11 April, the government interned "Scorpion". Under Ottoman Turkish guard from 15 November, she was allowed to assist British personnel released from prisoner-of-war camps in the interior of the Ottoman Empire during late October 1918. The armistice that ended the participation of the Ottoman Empire in World War I went into force on 28 October 1918, and on 9 November, the Ottoman Empire allowed "Scorpion" to resume her previous activities and soon thereafter she began assisting the many refugees in the area.
Post-war.
With the arrival at Constantinople of Rear Admiral Mark L. Bristol, U.S. High Commissioner to the Ottoman Empire and Senior U.S. Naval Officer in Turkish Waters, "Scorpion" assumed duties as flagship and dispatch vessel, continuing, at the same time, her station ship and relief work. Redesignated PY-3 in 1920 when the U.S. Navy instituted its alphanumeric hull classification system, she shifted to Phaleron Bay, Greece, in November 1923 and took up duties as station ship in the eastern Mediterranean. In late 1926, Commander Moses B. Byington took command. On 16 June 1927, she departed the Mediterranean under Commander Byington and steamed west to return to the U.S. On 11 July, she arrived at Philadelphia.
Final decommissioning and disposal.
"Scorpion" was decommissioned at Philadelphia on 27 October 1927, and was struck from the Navy List on 23 March 1929. Following this, she was sold to the Boston Iron and Metal Company of Baltimore, Maryland on 25 June.

</doc>
<doc id="20034568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034568" title="Kaous">
Kaous

Kaous (, ) was a settlement in ancient Arcadia, a region of the southern part of Greece located on the Peloponnese peninsula. The remains of the ancient settlement have never been discovered. When Pausanias visited the area in the 2nd century AD, it was already ruined. It was situated in the territory of the city Thelpousa, 40 stades (6 km) from Thelpousa and 25 stades (4 km) from the river "Arsen" (Άρσην). There was a sanctuary of Asclepius.

</doc>
<doc id="20034572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034572" title="Briscoe Lane Academy">
Briscoe Lane Academy

Briscoe Lane Academy (formerly Briscoe Lane School) is a primary school with academy status located in Newton Heath, Manchester. The school is mixed and non-denominational. 
Notable former pupils.
The following are notable people associated with the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20034587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034587" title="Women Superstars Uncensored">
Women Superstars Uncensored

Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) is an American, New Jersey based female independent professional wrestling promotion which held its first event in 1996. Shows combine wrestling interspersed with both serious and comedic storylines. The company tapes two DVDs worth of material during weekend shows. Although many of the shows are promoted solely by WSU, they have also worked with National Wrestling Superstars. As of October 2009, the promotion has a working agreement with Dragon Gate USA.
WSU is considered one of the top women's wrestling organizations in the United States. The company claims to be "the leader in women's wrestling in the northeast" and to promote more cards than any other women's wrestling company in the country.
WSU Hall of Fame.
In 2009, WSU created a hall of fame with an inaugural class of three members.
Pay-per-view events.
On November 6, 2010, WSU aired their first internet pay-per-view (iPPV) event on GoFightLive.TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20034591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034591" title="Canyon Ferry Dam">
Canyon Ferry Dam

Canyon Ferry Dam is a concrete gravity dam in a narrow valley of the Missouri River, USA, where the Big Belt Mountains and the Spokane Hills merge, approximately downstream from the confluence of the Gallatin, Madison, and Jefferson Rivers, and about east of the city of Helena, Montana. The dam is for flood control, irrigation, recreation and hydroelectric power. The building of the dam created a reservoir known as Canyon Ferry Lake.
Background.
In 1941, the first study for the dam was carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation, the Montana Water Board and Montana Power Company. Known as the Canyon Ferry Unit, the dam and power plant were approved by the Flood Control Act of 1944 which was signed on December 22. Construction began on May 24, 1949, and was completed on June 23, 1954. On December 18, 1953, the power plant's first generator became operational and the other two went online in 1954. The 1949 structure replaced the original Canyon Ferry Dam upstream. The original dam was constructed between 1896 and 1898 by the Helena Water and Electric Power Company. It was a timber crib dam with rock-fill and was high and long.
Design.
The dam is a tall concrete gravity type has a length of . The crest of the dam is while the base is . The dam structure compromises a total of of concrete. The dam's spillway is located on its central portion and is controlled by four radial gates. It has a maximum discharge of . Adjacent to the spillway is the dam's power plant which contains three 16.5 MW Francis turbine generators for an installed capacity of 50 MW. Each turbine is fed with water by a diameter penstock. At a normal elevation of , the reservoir contains of water.

</doc>
<doc id="20034610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034610" title="Yuji Funayama">
Yuji Funayama

His younger brother Takayuki is also a Japanese footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20034627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034627" title="David P Reiter">
David P Reiter

David Philip Reiter (born 1947) is an award-winning poet and writer of fiction and multimedia based in Brisbane, Australia. His fourth poetry book, "Hemingway in Spain and Selected Poems", was shortlisted for the 1998 Adelaide Festival Awards for Literature and was made into a film in 2006. His previous books include "The Cave After Saltwater Tide" (Penguin, 1994) for which he won the Queensland Premier’s Poetry Award. His book of short fiction, "Triangles", was shortlisted for the 2000 Steele Rudd Award. IP released his first novel "Liars and Lovers" in 2003, and "The Greenhouse Effect", a novel for junior readers, was published by Lothian Books (Hachette Livre) in 2004. In 2008. "Real Guns", a children’s picture book illustrated by Irish artist Patrick J Murphy, and a multimedia CD anthology, "Rainshadows", representing 30 authors, were released in 2007, and "Global Cooling", a sequel to "The Greenhouse Effect", has just been released. His satire "Primary Instinct" is about life in a typical primary school. David has been writer-in-residence at a number of places, most recently at the Banff Centre for the Arts in Canada where he composed "My Planets Reunion Memoir", which was short-listed for the Western Australian Premier's Award in 2013, Katharine Prichard Centre in Perth, where he composed "Nullarbor Song Cycle", which was short-listed for the 2012 WA Premier's Award and "Tiger Tames the Min Min", the third book in the Project Earth-mend Series, Bundanon (the Arthur Boyd property), and in Auckland, New Zealand, at the Michael King Writers’ Centre during February–March 2008. His most recent title, the children's picture book "Bringing Down the Wall", illustrated by Sona Babajanyan, was selected for the ACT Chief Minister's Reading Challenge in 2013. His work has been translated into several languages including French, German, Spanish and Portuguese.
Biography.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1947, he was adopted shortly after birth by Jewish parents Alexander and Freda Reiter, and brought up in a working-class neighbourhood. His adoptive father, a self-employed truck driver, died of a heart attack in 1958, leaving his mother to raise David as an only child. In 1966 he moved to Oregon, where he completed his BA in the Independent Studies Program at the University of Oregon. He married Carol Geneva Rechard in 1969 and moved to Alberta, Canada, where both attended the University of Alberta. David completed his Master's Degree in American Literature, writing his thesis on William Faulkner's "The Wild Palms" owing to his interest in interdisciplinary subjects. He began publishing stories in prestigious journals like "The Fiddlehead" (University of New Brunswick) and poems in journals like "Canadian Literature". His first paid employment was as a Technical Editor with the Aerospace Engineering Test Establishment in Cold Lake, Alberta, followed by an appointment as a Scientific Editor at the Northern Forest Research Centre in Edmonton, Alberta. His interest in environmental matters led him to be a publishing consultant for several Government departments such as Environment Canada.
In 1975, he accepted as position as a lecturer at Cariboo College, a two year university level institution in the interior of British Columbia, where he taught literature and writing for 10 years. During this time, he was President of the College's Faculty Association, and active in the Provincial organisation representing college teaching staff. He also acted as Chief Negotiator for the faculty during several contract rounds. In 1980 he took leave of absence to attend the University of Denver, where he completed his PhD in Creative Writing, with a collection of stories as his dissertation, and American Literature as his literary field of speciality. Shortly after he returned to Cariboo College, he and his wife were divorced. He was invited to run as a candidate for Provincial parliament for the New Democratic Party in 1982 in an election campaign narrowly lost to the incumbent Social Credit Party. Soon after, he and his partner Helen Gilbert moved to Vancouver, where he taught for a year at the British Columbia Institute of Technology then briefly at the University of British Columbia before migrating to Australia in November, 1986.
His first job in Australia was as a lecturer in Professional Writing at the then Canberra College of Advanced Education (now the University of Canberra), where he set up one of the country's first electronic editing programs and was founding editor of the literary magazine "Redoubt". During that time he was invited to join the Five Islands Press cooperative, which subsequently published his first volume of poetry, "The Snow in Us", which focuses on life among the Inuit, in 1989. His second volume, "Changing House", was a transitional work, mostly set in Canada, continuing his interest in historical research and mythology. It was published in 1991 by Jacaranda Press, a division of Jacaranda-Wiley.
He married Cherie Lorraine Dawson in 1992 shortly after resigning his position at the University of Canberra and becoming Publishing Manager for the Board of Senior Secondary School Studies in Brisbane. In 1993 he became Publishing Manager for the Criminal Justice Commission where he worked for three years. IP (Interactive Publications Pty Ltd) was a business he founded in 1994 in his consultancy work for a number of Government departments. Departing from the Criminal Justice Commission in 1996, he changed the primary focus of IP to a literary publishing company, publishing "Hemingway in Spain and Selected Poems" as its first title after Penguin Books, which had originally offered to publish it, discontinued their poetry publishing program. Several ex-Penguin poets came to IP to be published. "Hemingway in Spain" was subsequently shortlisted for the John Bray Award at the Adelaide Festival in 1998.
IP has expanded to an international publishing company with four imprints under his direction, and David continues to publish his work under those imprints, especially his transmedia and children's titles. Much in demand as a speaker and workshop leader, he regularly undertakes national tours and residencies in Australia and overseas. His interest in digital composing and publishing has led him to become regarded as an expert in Australia on the subject, where IP is a market leader in the development and distribution of digital titles. IP has also forged a number of partnerships with overseas companies such as Lightning Source, google.com, apple.com, Createspace, Amazon, Overdrive, gardners.com and kobo.com in promoting its digital program.

</doc>
<doc id="20034640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034640" title="Walter McFadden">
Walter McFadden

Walter McFadden, Jr. (born January 21, 1987) is an American football cornerback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was selected by the Oakland Raiders in the fifth round (138th overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Auburn and high school football at Ely High School in Pompano Beach, Florida.
Professional career.
Oakland Raiders.
He was drafted by Oakland Raiders in the fifth round (138th overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. He was released by the Raiders on September 3, 2011.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
On October 18, 2011, he was signed to the Jacksonville Jaguars practice squad.
Cincinnati Bengals.
On November 15, 2011, He signed to the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad. On November 22, 2011 He was released after seven days being signed.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
On January 20, 2012, McFadden was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Released August 27, 2012. he was resigned to the practice squad on December 26,2012
Personal life.
He is the younger brother of NFL cornerback Bryant McFadden and cousin of Patrick Peterson.
Married his long time college girlfriend Brandi Means July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20034649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034649" title="Tommy Norment">
Tommy Norment

Thomas K. "Tommy" Norment, Jr. (born April 12, 1946, in Richmond, Virginia) is the current Republican Minority Leader of the Senate of Virginia. He has served in the Virginia General Assembly since 1992. He represents the 3rd senatorial district of the Virginia Senate, which includes parts of the Virginia Peninsula, plus New Kent County and Gloucester County on the Middle Peninsula.
William and Mary.
Norment is an Adjunct Professor of Law at William and Mary Law School. He served as on-campus attorney, and counselor and attorney to the President of William and Mary.
In 2008, Norment requested an opinion from Attorney General Robert McDonnell stating "at no time will I assume a relationship of 'attorney-client' that would result in the exercising of any attorney client privilege or any work product privilege. It is my understanding the College would continue to rely upon legal services through the Office of Attorney General." Attorney General McDonnell concludes his opinion to Norment that "it is my opinion that you do not have an impermissible conflict of interest under the Act based on the facts herein." McDonnell writes "I affirm the intention that your relationship with the College will not be that of attorney and client."
Former Attorney General, Kenneth T. Cuccinelli, released the Norment opinion to the public and issued a press release on September 2, 2011. The press release states the following: "Recent public statements made by state Senator Thomas Norment suggest that for the past several years, he assumed a role of legal counsel for the College of William & Mary. One of his reported statements also incorrectly implied that a 2008 opinion he requested from the Office of the Attorney General affirmed that such an arrangement would be acceptable under the law."

</doc>
<doc id="20034660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034660" title="Naoya Ishigami">
Naoya Ishigami


</doc>
<doc id="20034668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034668" title="Influências">
Influências

Influências is a Latin Grammy Award-nominated album by Brazilian musician Dori Caymmi, released in 2001. The album was nominated for Best Contemporary Brazilian album in 2004. Some of the songs in the album pay homage to his father - "La Vem A Baiana" and "Acontece Que Es Sou Baiana".

</doc>
<doc id="20034686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034686" title="Shuto Suzuki">
Shuto Suzuki

Club team career statistics.
As of 21 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20034688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034688" title="Zhang Mingqing">
Zhang Mingqing

Zhang Mingqing () is, as of 2008, the vice chairperson of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS).
On a visit to Taiwan in October 2008, Zhang was attacked by pro-independence protesters in Tainan (台南). There was a scuffle during which he was pushed to the ground. The assault was filmed and broadcast on Taiwanese television. Official Chinese news agency Xinhua expressed its "strong indignation". Taiwan's presidential office in turn expressed regrets over the incident; both sides condemned the violence.

</doc>
<doc id="20034689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034689" title="Mohamed Massaquoi">
Mohamed Massaquoi

Mohamed Jah Massaquoi ( ; born November 24, 1986) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Georgia.
Early years.
Massaquoi was born in Charlotte, North Carolina but his parents are from Sierra Leone and played high school football at Independence High School in Charlotte. During his four years there his team did not lose a single game and won four straight state championships. He played with two college football notables, former University of Florida quarterback Chris Leak and former University of North Carolina wide receiver Hakeem Nicks.
College career.
He finished his collegiate career at the University of Georgia with 158 catches for 2,282 yards and 16 touchdowns, which ranks fourth best in school history. Massaquoi had a strong senior season with career-highs in catches (58), yards (920), and touchdowns (8). In Massaquoi's last four regular-season games at Georgia, he caught 29 passes for 544 yards and 4 touchdowns (including a career-high 3 in Georgia's 45-42 loss to Georgia Tech). His longest reception came in his junior season against Florida, hauling in an 84-yard touchdown pass from Matthew Stafford.
Professional career.
Cleveland Browns.
Massaquoi was drafted by the Browns with the 50th pick overall.
In Week 4 of 2009, Massaquoi caught 8 passes for 148 yards to have the most receiving yards that week in the NFL.
Massaquoi scored his first NFL touchdown on November 20, 2009 against the Detroit Lions on a 59 yard touchdown pass from Brady Quinn. Also, in this game against the Lions, he caught 5 passes for 115 yards.
Massaquoi ended the 2009 season with 34 receptions for 624 yards and three receiving touchdowns, leading the Browns in all categories.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
Massaquoi was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars on April 5, 2013 on a two-year deal worth up to $5.6 million.
He was released on August 19, 2013.
New York Jets.
Massaquoi signed with the New York Jets on August 22, 2013. He was released on August 31, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20034709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034709" title="Union syndicale des magistrats">
Union syndicale des magistrats

The Union syndicale des magistrats, commonly abbreviated as USM, is the French largest magistrates trade union - in terms of membership (roughly 2000 out of 8000 magistrates) and support in professional elections (68% in the 2013 elections).
The USM claims to be apolitical, contrary to the Syndicat de la Magistrature (the second largest union, that often express strong left-wing views and opposition to conservative policies).

</doc>
<doc id="20034732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034732" title="Me Estás Tentando">
Me Estás Tentando

"Me Estás Tentando" () is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel from their compilation album "", released on October 21, 2008 by Machete Music. A remix of the single was released on February 17, 2009. It features Franco "El Gorila" and Jayko, and a music video was also released in early February. The song was also featured in the 2009 video game on the San Juan Sounds radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="20034744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034744" title="Berlinite">
Berlinite

Berlinite (aluminium phosphate, chemical fomula AlPO4) is a rare phosphate mineral. It has the same crystal structure as quartz with a low temperature polytype isostructural with α–quartz and a high temperature polytype isostructural with β–quartz. Berlinite can vary from colourless to greyish or pale pink and has translucent crystals.
It was first described in 1868 for an occurrence in the Västanå iron mine, Scania, Sweden and named for Nils Johan Berlin (1812–1891) of Lund University. 
It occurs as a rare mineral in high-temperature hydrothermal or metasomatic deposits. Associated minerals include augelite, attakolite, kyanite, pyrophyllite, scorzalite, lazulite, gatumbaite, burangaite, amblygonite, phosphosiderite, purpurite, apatite, muscovite, quartz, hematite in granite pegmatites. It also occurs with alunite, aragonite, collophane, crandallite, francoanellite, gypsum, huntite, hydromagnesite, leucophosphite, nesquehonite, niter, and nitrocalcite in the Paddy’s River copper mine in the Brindabella Mountains of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20034751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034751" title="Masaki Chugo">
Masaki Chugo


</doc>
<doc id="20034769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034769" title="Die, Monster, Die!">
Die, Monster, Die!

Die, Monster, Die! (British title: Monster of Terror) is a 1965 horror film directed by Daniel Haller. The film is a loose adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's story "The Colour Out of Space". 
Plot.
The story is about an American scientist (Nick Adams) who pays a visit to the estate of his fiancée's family. During his journey, he finds an area of countryside burned out and an enormous crater, as well as townspeople reluctant to the point of hostility to either drive to his destination or even talk about the family that lives there. The source of all these problems is later revealed to be a radioactive meteorite kept hidden in the basement by his girlfriend's father (Boris Karloff), who has been using the radiation to mutate plant and animal life, with horrific consequences. Worse yet, family members may have been affected, too.
Release.
American International Pictures released the film as the first feature on a double bill with Mario Bava's "Planet of the Vampires" (1965).

</doc>
<doc id="20034776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034776" title="Tray Blackmon">
Tray Blackmon

Tray Blackmon (born October 20, 1985 in LaGrange, Georgia) is a professional indoor football linebacker for the Louisiana Swashbucklers of the Professional Indoor Football League. He played college football for the Auburn Tigers.
Early years.
Although a little undersized for a typical national type linebacker recruit, Blackmon was considered a legit five-star prospect by several recruiting services. "Scout.com" ranked him #1 among the 2005 linebackers class. The Player of the Year in AAA for the State Champion Grangers, Blackmon had 116 tackles, 16 tackles for loss, 12 Sacks, 5 forced fumbles, 3 fumble recoveries, one safety, and one defensive touchdown as a senior.
College career.
After redshirting in 2005, Blackmon recorded 18 tackles, including 2.5 for loss, in six games in 2006, which earned him a spot on the "The Sporting News" Freshman All-America Second Team. He amassed 41 tackles, including 25 solo, in last seven games of the 2007 season. He added 21 tackles in 2008 and has 84 tackles for his career.
Blackmon has battled suspensions and injuries during his collegiate career. Blackmon was suspended from playing in Auburn's first three games of the 2006 season. In 2008, Blackmon suffered a broken bone in his wrist in the fourth game of the season.
Professional career.
On May 5, 2009, he signed with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="20034803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034803" title="Chikashi Masuda">
Chikashi Masuda

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 20 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20034820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034820" title="USS Vixen (1813)">
USS Vixen (1813)

USS "Vixen" was a brig in commission in the United States Navy in 1813.
"Vixen" was purchased by the U.S. Navy at Savannah, Georgia in 1813. She was captured at sea by the Royal Navy frigate HMS "Belvidera" on 25 December 1813 while sailing from Wilmington, North Carolina, to Newcastle, Delaware without her armament or stores.

</doc>
<doc id="20034822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034822" title="Paul de Schlözer">
Paul de Schlözer

Paul (Pavel Yulievich) de Schlözer (1841 or 18421898) was a Polish or Russian pianist and teacher of German descent. He was possibly also a composer, but the only two works attributed to him may have been written by Moritz Moszkowski.
Life.
Very little is known about his life. He became the piano accompanist to Pablo de Sarasate and to his own brother, the violinist Teodor (Fyodor) de Schlözer. In 1879 he taught at the Institute of Music in Warsaw, where he succeeded Juliusz Janotha. Ignacy Jan Paderewski mentions him in his letters, sometimes by disparaging references such as "Mr. Paul" and "Pablito". Around 1892 he became a professor at the Moscow Conservatory, where his most important pupil was the music historian Leonid Sabaneyev. On 3 February 1894, he performed the Chopin Cello Sonata with the visiting Czech cellist Hanuš Wihan, at the Conservatory.
His niece Tatiana Fyodorovna Schlözer became Alexander Scriabin’s second wife. His nephew, Tatiana’s brother, was the music critic Boris de Schlözer.
Controversy.
He is unknown as a composer except for two études, Op. 1, for piano. The assertion made in reference materials – that Rachmaninoff used it as his daily warm-up exercise – may also not be entirely accurate (one source refers to this story as a legend). There are several easily available recordings of the étude, such as by Jorge Bolet and Stephen Hough. The 1941 recording by Eileen Joyce is considered not only unsurpassed, but one of the greatest piano recordings ever made. The first recording, from 1907, was by the Liszt pupil Vera Timanova.
Some historians believe that de Schlözer was not the composer of these études at all, and, given their virtuosity, it is very intriguing why nothing else from his pen ever appeared, or why he did not achieve any sort of recognition as a major pianist himself. The story goes that they were in fact written by Moszkowski, who lost the manuscript to de Schlözer in a card game, who published them as his own works. The similarities between de Schlözer's Étude No. 2 in A-flat and the 11th of Moszkowski's "15 Études de Virtuosité", Op. 72, also in A-flat, are striking. However, it may be that these similarities themselves gave rise to the legend that the de Schlözer pieces were written by Moszkowski.

</doc>
<doc id="20034834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034834" title="Teslin Lake">
Teslin Lake

Teslin Lake is a large lake spanning the border between British Columbia and Yukon, Canada. It is one of a group of large lakes in the region of far northwestern BC, east of the upper Alaska Panhandle, which are the southern extremity of the basin of the Yukon River, and which are known in Yukon as "the Southern Lakes" (the other major ones in the group are Atlin Lake and Tagish Lake but include Bennett and Lindeman Lakes, the headwaters of the Yukon River itself). The lake is fed and drained primarily by the Teslin River, south and north, but is also fed from the east by the Jennings River and the Swift River, and from the west by the Hayes River.
According to the Yukon Geographical Names Project, "Teslin" means "long water", but in the Tlingit language the local "kwaan" or tribe of Tlingit is called "Deisleen Kwáan"", meaning "Big Sinew Tribe".
There are three Indian Reserves of the Taku River Tlingit First Nation around the south end of the lake: Jennings River Indian Reserve No. 8, Teslin Lake Indian Reserve No. 7, and Teslin Lake Indian Reserve No. 9; in the same area had been a Hudson's Bay Company trading post. On the Yukon portion of the lake there are three Indian Reserves of the Teslin Tlingit Council - Teslin Post Indian Reserve No. 13, Nisutlin Indian Reserve No. 14 and Nisutlin Bay Indian Reserve No. 15, and the community of Teslin, which is located where the Alaska Highway meets the lake, following its northern/eastern shore from there towards Whitehorse. The Nisutlin Plateau limns the eastern side of the lake north of the mouth of the Teslin River and extends into Yukon.
References.
pe:Lago Teslin

</doc>
<doc id="20034841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034841" title="Terence Fox">
Terence Fox

Terence Robert Corelli Fox (2 May 1912 – 5 October 1962), often called T.R.C. Fox, was a notable British chemical engineer. He was a member of the Atomic Energy Council and the first Shell Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Cambridge.
Fox was born on 2 May 1912, the son of an electrical engineer, and attended Regent Street Polytechnic Technical School and Jesus College, Cambridge. He graduated from the latter in 1933 with a degree in mechanical sciences. "The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" describes his success in the tripos as "unparalleled"; he received a starred first and all available prizes, including the Rex Moir Prize and prizes for the best marks in Thermodynamics, Aeronautical Engineering and Structures, all in the same examination.
Fox returned to the Engineering Department at Cambridge four years after graduating, having first served a stint as a technical assistant at Imperial Chemical Industries. He began as a demonstrator and became a fellow of King's College, Cambridge in 1941. Due to his teaching position he did not see active service in the Second World War, but he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the University Officer Training Corps, Royal Signals section, on 3 October 1942, a commission he resigned on 9 February 1946.
In 1945, he became a lecturer in the Engineering Department at Cambridge. In that same year, on 2 March 1945, the university accepted an endowment to form a chemical engineering department by the Shell Group of Oil Companies, who would also sponsor a department chair. Though not established in the field, Fox was announced as the first to fill the chair position in June 1946.
Fox spent several years preparing the department before beginning to accept students in 1948. He was a supportive chair, dedicated to financing and furthering the research of others, including the team of Francis Thomas Bacon when they developed the hydrogen-oxygen fuel cell. He remained in the position until 1959, when poor health forced him to retire, and was succeeded by Peter Victor Danckwerts. According to "The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", Fox's poor health was the result of a high stress personality, which led him to "a succession of nervous breakdowns in the early 1950s". He died at the National Hospital for Nervous Diseases in London on 5 October 1962.
On 2 March 1963, the T.R.C. Fox Fund was established at Cambridge in tribute to his memory. The Fund is used to provide an annual award to the student who does best on the Chemical Engineering Tripos, as long as that student is able to attain "the standard of the first class".

</doc>
<doc id="20034843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034843" title="Scarlet Page">
Scarlet Page

Scarlet Lilith Eleida Page (born 24 March 1971) is an English photographer. She is the daughter of Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page and Charlotte Martin, a French model.
Childhood.
Born in London, England, Scarlet Page can be briefly seen in the 1976 Led Zeppelin movie "The Song Remains the Same", during the closing moments of the "The Scarecrow" sequence with her mother Charlotte, which was filmed in Germany in October 1973. On 15 October 1974, Jimmy Page, Keith Richards, and Ian Stewart recorded an unreleased instrumental at Island Studios and named it "Scarlet', in her honour. She grew up in England, and stayed at both Plumpton Place in East Sussex (1971–1979), and later the Old Mill House in Mill Lane, Berkshire, where she also learned to play the piano. She was also a passenger in the car driven by Robert Plant's wife Maureen on the Greek island of Rhodes on 4 August 1975, when their hired Austin Mini skidded off the road and collided with a tree. Page was uninjured.
Career.
Page was a student of London's University of Westminster, graduating with a BA in Photography, Film and Video. Following an apprenticeship with noted photographer Ross Halfin, she was commissioned to photograph Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell, for rock music publication "Raw" in 1993. Developing a documentary-style narrative, Page was adept to experiment within live portraiture of The Smashing Pumpkins and Beastie Boys during the 1994 Lollapolooza tour of North America. Page's first major album shoot came in 1995 with the commissioning of the critically acclaimed The Verve release "A Northern Soul". Since then, Page's work has been featured in music publications "Q", "Kerrang!", "Blender", and "Spin".
In June 1999, Page held a charity exhibition entitled "Scream" for Task Brazil and the ABC Trust. Page's next major shoots involved projects with singer Robbie Williams, with his multi-platinum release "Sing When You're Winning" in 2000. Page provided the stills for the artwork, as well as content for William's 2001 tour photojournal "Somebody Someday", and the subsequent 2002 DVD "Nobody Someday". In 2004, Page was appointed official photographer for UK band The Darkness. Other artists Page has credits with include the Foo Fighters, The Black Crowes, The Rolling Stones, Stereophonics, Linkin Park, The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Placebo, and Gomez amongst others. Since its début in 2006, Page has contributed stills to "The Album Chart Show" on Channel 4. On 10 September 2007, Page held an exhibition at the Royal Albert Hall entitled "Your Child", which featured the lives of celebrities and their children, followed up by contributions to the "Visions of Dylan" photographic exhibition on 1 October 2007 at The Hospital in Covent Garden, London.
Scarlet Page also became a mother on 8 October 2007, with the birth of Martha Alice Brown. Her partner is astronaut Tom Brown. MTV appointed her to chronicle the UK music scene throughout May 2008, with access to bands as part of their Spanking New Music Tour coverage. In 2009, Page was commissioned by the veterinary charity PDSA for a calendar entitled "Pet Pawtraits" featuring celebrities with their pets.

</doc>
<doc id="20034859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034859" title="Hiroki Aratani">
Hiroki Aratani

Club career stats.
As of 7 March 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20034866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034866" title="Contemporâneos">
Contemporâneos

Contemporâneos is a 2003 album by Brazilian musician Dori Caymmi.
Dori Caymmi is one of the most celebrated Brazilian musicians of our time. Caymmi has earned two Latin Grammy awards, five other nominations, and a wide collection of other prestigious honors under his belt. Caymmi is known for his ingenious arrangements, sultry vocals, and adroit guitar stylings that culminate into either soothing flights of fancy or robust romanticism. His music is distinctly cultural, adopting moods and themes that pervade his home in Bahia; a particular penchant he shares with his esteemed father Dorival. In his Latin Grammy nominated album Contemporâneos, Caymmi delves into contemporary Brazilian pieces of the present, incorporating modern talents such as his sister Nana Caymmi, Caetano Veloso, and Chico Barque to create his own masterful renditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20034886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20034886" title="Taishi Tsukamoto">
Taishi Tsukamoto

Club career stats.
As of 12 December 2010
Personal life.
On 28 February 2010 was announced that the 24-year old Japanese is injured with the Osteosarcoma at the knee. Whether the defender can continue his career is still uncertain.

</doc>
