<doc id="20104794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104794" title="Paraw">
Paraw

The Paraw is a double outrigger sail boat native to the Visayas region of the Philippines. The paraw is similar to a proa, but the paraw has two outriggers or katig.
Etymology.
The word paraw also parao is related to "proa" and may be used to denote a boat. However, the term for boats (with or without outriggers) in the Philippine islands without sails or layag are typically called "vanca" or "bangka". 
Characteristics.
The paraw has three major elements that make it a paraw: the "bangka", the "katig" and the "layag". Motorized versions of bangkas (with outriggers) are commonly known as pump boats and are used for inter-island travel.
Paraws can sail between 11 to 17 knots (20~31 km/h). The outriggers (ama), or katig, are made of wood or bamboo, and may be straight or curved upward much like skis.
Construction.
Traditionally these boats have been made from dungon, guisoc, ipil, duca, baslayan, obacya, bayog, Philippine mahogany ("lawaan"), basa and molave". Modern versions use plywood. The ropes of the boats are traditionally made from abaca(Manila Hemp), but are now often synthetic rope.
The boat or canoe without outriggers is called a "bangka" (vanca) or "baroto" (also baloto) and may be dug out from solid tree trunk or made of planks secured with wooden nails. People familiar with terminology relating to the proa may recognize this as the vaka. The boat itself may be classified as being capable of carrying one "isahan", or two persons "duwahan", but the paraw usually has capacity for more than two people and was used to ferry a small number of passengers and goods in inter-island trade. The narrow cross-section of the boat made it sleek, cutting across water without a lot of drag.
The two "katig" or outriggers usually made from bamboo or various kinds of wood and served as counterpoise so that the boat would not easily overturn. They are attached to the boat via tarik (akas). The presence of the outriggers negates the need for a heavy keel and therefore reduces the overall weight of the paraw without sacrificing stability.
The "layag" or main sail may be made of anything from woven mats, cloth, canvas even sack cloth. Traditionally the main sail is similar to a lateen rig or a crabclaw sail and is attached to a vertical and horizontal spar, the sail differs from a traditional lateen rig in that the vertical spar is parallel to the mast and does not suffer from bad tack. The sail's spar may be as long as the mast, unattached and may appear to be longer than the mast when attached to it. There are no guidelines as to how the main sail is shaped but it may approximate an equilateral triangle. The paraw is also equipped with a foresail or jib and adds to the overall surface area and generated thrust derived from the wind. A variation of the paraw with rectangular sails is the vinta.
The mast, commonly made of bamboo, is secured by lines attached to, among other things, the outriggers, the fore (and sometimes, the aft) and various parts of the boat. Historically, the mast of smaller paraws was a spear or bangkaw and was a useful part of the ship when conducting raids against other seaside villages.
Current uses.
Paraw Regatta.
The Paraw Regatta a large tourism event is held annually since 1973 is a 36.5 kilometer race held in the Iloilo City.
Paraw sailing Boracay Island.
Before Boracay Island became a tourist resort, paraws were used for fishing and transportation of people as well as goods. Paraw sailing these days is a major tourist attraction. Local sailors offer their paraws for Island hopping and sunset sailing for a fairly small renting fee.

</doc>
<doc id="20104796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104796" title="Burl Ives Sings Little White Duck and Other Children's Favorites">
Burl Ives Sings Little White Duck and Other Children's Favorites

Burl Ives Sings Little White Duck and Other Children’s Favorites is a 12-inch LP album of folk songs for children recorded by Burl Ives (vocal and guitar) for Columbia Records between 1949 and 1951. The label, in 1950, crafted a "shared" 10-inch children's LP. On side one, Hollywood actor Victor Jory narrated "Tubby the Tuba", while side two featured Burl Ives performing eight tunes under the title "." The catalog number was JL 8103. One year earlier, "Animal Fair: Songs for Children" had been presented separately on a two-disc 78-rpm set, using as a catalog number MJV 59. In 1956, another Ives endeavor for children appeared, containing "The Little White Duck" and six other ditties. Part of Columbia's brief (1955–56) House Party Series of 10-inch LPs, the album was called "Children's Favorites", affixed with the catalog number CL 2570. Next, a new collection, expanded to 12 inches, combining all 15 Ives selections and entitled "Burl Ives Sings Songs for All Ages", was issued by Columbia in 1957, bearing CL 980 as the catalog number. Two years later, this album was christened with its final title, "Burl Ives Sings Little White Duck and Other Children's Favorites", and was reassigned to Columbia's budget label, Harmony Records, which employed HL 9507 as the catalog number. Being the customary practice in the vinyl marketplace of the 60s, this monaural platter wound up electronically enhanced for stereo, circa 1963, and given the modified catalog number HS 14507. Columbia, in 1974, reissued the LP, again in simulated stereo, with the catalog number C 33183. At the same time, the label also transferred the album to cassette tape, affixing the catalog number CT 33183. On November 22, 1988, Columbia unveiled the album in CD format, which upgraded the sound quality to digital stereo. Distribution of the disc then was taken over by Sony Wonder on October 3, 1995. The 1974 LP cover, later retained for the CD, was designed by Ed Lee and Eloise Smith, with illustrations by Reynolds Ruffin. Currently, the CD is out of print, but it still can be purchased through online music sellers. Moreover, all the album tracks are now available via MP3 downloading.

</doc>
<doc id="20104802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104802" title="Olindo Koolman">
Olindo Koolman

Olindo Koolman (born 1942) was the second Governor of Aruba and served two terms of six years as governor from 12 March 1992 until 11 May 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20104825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104825" title="Adolf Schenck">
Adolf Schenck

Adolf Schenck (April 4, 1857 - September 15, 1936) was a German geographer, mineralogist and botanist who was a native of Siegen. He was a brother to botanist Heinrich Schenck (1860-1927).
Schenck studied at the Universities of Berlin and Bonn, obtaining his doctorate in 1884. From 1884 to 1887 he was a geographer on a mineralogical expedition to German Southwest Africa. The expedition was organized by merchant Adolf Lüderitz (1834-1886) and was under the leadership of Karl Höpfner (1857-1900). Several noted scientists participated in the venture, including Swiss botanist Hans Schinz (1868-1941), who performed botanical investigations in the northern part of German Southwest Africa. In the southern part of the colony, Schenck collected minerals and plants, particularly lichens. Prior to returning to Germany, he visited mines and goldfields that are now located in the present-day nations of South Africa, Botswana and Mozambique.
From 1899 to 1922 he was a professor at the University of Halle, and continued working as a lecturer until 1932. As a teacher he specialized in the geography of German colonies. Schenck has a handful of African spermatophyte species named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20104869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104869" title="Shane Bowers">
Shane Bowers

Shane Patrick Bowers (born July 27, 1971) is an American former Major League Baseball player. After being selected by the Minnesota Twins in the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft, Bowers played in the minor leagues until 1997, when the Twins called him up to the major leagues. He started five games for Minnesota in 1997 and posted an 0–3 record, with an 8.05 earned run average. Bowers last played in the minor leagues in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20104872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104872" title="Felipe Tromp">
Felipe Tromp

Felipe B. Tromp (1917–12 August 1995) was the first Governor of Aruba after Aruba received a "status aparte" within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. He worked as a teacher prior to becoming Governor and served as Minister for Education in the Antilles (1958-1962). He took office as Governor on 1 January 1986 and left office on 12 March 1992. He was succeeded by Olindo Koolman.
Tromp died on Saturday 12 August 1995, at the age of 78.
Honours.
A festival, a college and a club were named on his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20104878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104878" title="John Lemesurier">
John Lemesurier

John LeMesurier (1826–1891) was a Canadian politician, serving as Mayor of Quebec City from January 1868 to November 1869.
John Le Mesurier (or Lemesurier/LeMesurier) left his native Gaspe to make his mark in Quebec City. One biographer has depicted him as a poor young man from "the lowest rung of the ladder," although Quebec Bishop Charles Inglis, who visited "Gaspe East" in 1789, wrote of the Le Mesurier family in this context: "There are several brothers of this name, who deal in this business. They generally catch from 10,000 to 12,000 quintals (one quintal being 100 kilograms) of fish every year, and sometimes bring over 100 fishermen from Guernsey for the season." The biographer does acknowledge John did as a youth work "in the fishery business in his father's establishment."
John LeMesurier was the son of Charles LeMesurier, who was born on Jersey, and who served in the Royal Navy under the British Vice Admiral, Lord Horatio Nelson, for nine years and was present at the famed engagement at Trafalgar, where Lord Nelson lost his life at age 47.
John LeMesurier was born in 1826, received his education on the Gaspe and November 1847 sailed on board the schooner Antelope for Quebec. It was wrecked coming up the St. Lawrence. He returned to the Gaspe and embarked on the Merry; he was then wrecked a second time. It is reported that, enduring great hardship and privation, Le Mesurier and crew members walked over the snow and ice to Sault au Cauchon. He stayed there with two crew members and worked for the Price family. The remaining crew members headed for Quebec City.
The following spring, LeMesurier crossed to the south shore and made his way on foot to Quebec, then returned to the fishery business in the Gaspe. Young Le Mesurier set out a third time for Quebec City. The schooner took 21 days, but this time he made it to his destination. His first job was with a Mr. Withall who became vice president of the Quebec Bank.
In the second year a trifling increase was made to his small salary. Finally, Withall sold his business to Le Mesurier, who made a success of it. Next he started an oakum manufactory, probably to help a brother, but it did not prosper. In 1859, he was elected to the city council, and in 1867 was elected mayor, defeating the sitting mayor, Joseph Cauchon, who later became governor of Manitoba. Following John's first term, the people of Quebec re-elected him by acclamation.
During the first year of his mayoralty, John Le Mesurier, delivered the welcome address to H. R. H. Prince Arthur and dined with him at a dinner given by Sir Narcisse Belleau at the Stadacona Club. While Le Mesurier retained office as chief magistrate, a labor riot broke out. He was ordered to read the Riot Act, but this he refused to do. Instead, he courageously went amidst the rioters and, by diplomatic persuasion, induced them to disperse. Because armed troops had been ordered up, Le Mesurier's cool headed daring probably saved bloodshed.
Mr LeMesurier was actively engaged in Liberal party politics, and in October 1877 was asked to introduce Wilfrid Laurier to a meeting that took place in his store. In his introduction, he is reported to have “made a very able speech against the corrupt government to which Mr. Laurier was opposing his energy and talents,” and “spoke in felicitous terms of the great reforms made by the reform parties all over the world, and said that if the just measures of reformers had been carried out, we would not have discontent or disaffection anywhere.”
John LeMesurier married Marie Sylvain of Quebec, a French Canadian Catholic who was 12 years his senior, and they had five children. In 1870, he opened a brewery and tannery, but not satisfied with the results, he gave them up and, in 1873, went into tobacco manufacturing, taking his sons William and Henry as partners. This enterprise became one of the largest of its type in the province.
In addition, John LeMesurier became owner of fairly extensive real estate holdings. A biographer, writing in a flowery 19th century style, gives John Le Mesurier very high marks for his accomplishments in Quebec City, saying "Possibly, in Quebec City, there is no man stands higher 'rated' amongst the banking community, with whom he has always done business, than John Le Mesurier.”
John LeMesurier died in 1891, and is buried next to his wife, Marie, in Mount Hermon cemetery in the Sillery neighbourhood of Quebec City.

</doc>
<doc id="20104879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104879" title="Intermittent fasting">
Intermittent fasting

Intermittent fasting (IF) is a pattern of eating that alternates between periods of fasting (usually meaning consumption of nothing but water and sometimes low-calorie drinks such as black coffee) and non-fasting.
There is evidence suggesting that intermittent fasting may have beneficial effects on the health and longevity of animals—including humans—that are similar to the effects of caloric restriction (CR). There is currently no consensus as to the degree to which this is simply due to fasting or due to an (often) concomitant overall decrease in calories, but recent studies have shown support for the former. Alternate-day calorie restriction may prolong life span. Intermittent fasting and caloric restriction are forms of dietary restriction (DR), which is sometimes referred to as dietary energy restriction (DER).
Scientific study of intermittent fasting in rats (and anecdotally in humans) has been conducted at least as far back as 1943.
A specific form of intermittent fasting is "alternate day fasting" (ADF), also referred to as "every other day fasting" (EOD), or "every other day feeding" (EODF), a 48-hour routine typically composed of a 24-hour fast followed by a 24-hour non-fasting period.
Types of diet.
In common usage, intermittent fasting describes any diet that includes a period of fasting and a period of non-fasting, even if the diet involves consuming a limited amount of calorie-containing beverages such as coffee or tea during the fasting period. 
Another variation on intermittent fasting is to consume limited calories (e.g., 20% of normal) rather than none at all on fasting days – so-called 'modified fasting'. This regimen may provide many of the benefits of intermittent fasting while being much more acceptable and likely to be adhered to.
Another possibility is eating only one meal per day without caloric restriction. When overall calorie intake is not reduced, this diet worsens some cardiovascular disease risk factors.
The BBC2 Horizon documentary "Eat, Fast and Live Longer" showed another plan: during days of fasting, people eat 400–500 calories (women) or 500–600 calories (men), and during feed days, the diet was unrestricted. This was done either alternately (one day fasting, one day feeding) or by fasting two days per week: the .
Research.
Animal health.
A 2007 review of alternate day fasting in said "the findings in animals suggest that ADF may effectively modulate several risk factors, thereby preventing chronic disease, and that ADF may modulate disease risk to an extent similar to that of CR. More research is required to establish definitively the consequences of ADF."
Human health.
Studies on humans suggest possible benefits:

</doc>
<doc id="20104905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104905" title="Ivory Coast–Russia relations">
Ivory Coast–Russia relations

Ivory Coast–United States relations–Russia relations () is the bilateral relationship between Ivory Coast and Russia. Russia works on UN missions to help the people of Ivory Coast. The help is sometimes done from the Russian embassy in Abidjan, but is also done from the embassy in Accra, Ghana. From these point of view, Russia regarded the outcome of the extraordinary summit held in Dakar, Senegal, of the Economic Community for West African States.
History.
After the breakup of the Soviet Union, the relations between the two countries became strong and friendly. Ever since Russia has sent UN missions to the country, the relations got even stronger. There was however a feud in the relations when un-cut diamonds were brought to Russia by Ivory Coast. This calls for a decree that Ivory Coast has just committed human rights violations and financial sanctions against individuals. The decree is a symbolic move for Russia, which is known for its highly secretive diamond trade, making it a popular destination for "conflict diamonds" from war-torn countries such as the Ivory Coast and Liberia. Russia has played its part in the fight against conflict diamonds by chairing the Kimberly Process until Botswana took over the chairmanship in January 2006, and is currently the chair of the Kimberley Process Participation Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20104908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104908" title="Faerie dragon">
Faerie dragon

Faerie dragons are small dragons in the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game. Similar to a pseudodragon, they are rarely hostile and roughly the size of a housecat, but have butterfly (fairy) wings instead of the bat-like wings dragons are more commonly shown with. Their in-game abilities also vary from other dragons in accordance with their fey-like tendency toward mischief.
Publication history.
The faerie dragon first appeared in first edition in "Dragon" #62 (June 1982), and reprinted in the original "Monster Manual II" (1983).
The faerie dragon appeared in second edition for the Forgotten Realms setting in the "Monstrous Compendium Forgotten Realms Appendix" (1989), and reprinted in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993) under the "dragonet" entry.
The faerie dragon appeared in third edition in "Draconomicon" (2003).
Description.
Although small and cute, faerie dragons can be powerful if allowed to use their abilities, which include the power to induce confusion and euphoria in foes. Most faerie dragons are Chaotic Good in the D&D morality system, meaning they have a pure heart but are playful and unlikely to respect authority.
In the third edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" game, wizards and sorcerers can select faerie dragon as familiars.
Other publishers.
The faerie dragon appeared under the "dragon" heading in the "Tome of Horrors" (2002) from Necromancer Games.
The faerie dragon appeared under the "dragon" heading in Paizo Publishing's book "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary 3" (2011), on page 91.

</doc>
<doc id="20104941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104941" title="Tantoyuca (municipality)">
Tantoyuca (municipality)

Tantoyuca is one of the 212 municipalities of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. The municipal seat is Tantoyuca, Veracruz.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 97,949 (up from 89,492 in 1995), of whom 23,893 lived in the municipal seat. 
Of the municipality's inhabitants, 40,864 (47.92%) spoke an indigenous language, primarily Wastek (Huasteco).
The municipality of Tampico Alto covers a total surface area of 1,205.84 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20104942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104942" title="Tantoyuca">
Tantoyuca

Tantoyuca is a city in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. 
It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Tantoyuca.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the city of Tantoyuca reported a total population of 23,893.
Name.
Tantoyuca comes from the Tenek "tan-tuyik", which means "place of wax."
History.
Tantoyuca was founded by Huastec people in pre-Hispanic times. It was conquered by the Mexica Triple Alliance in the late 15th or early 16th centuries. It was given town "(villa)" status on 12 April 1850 and city "(ciudad)" status on 25 July 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20104953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104953" title="USS Tioga County (LST-1158)">
USS Tioga County (LST-1158)

USS "Tioga County" (LST-1158), previously USS "LST-1158", was a United States Navy landing ship tank (LST) in commission from 1953 to 1970, and which then saw non-commissioned Military Sealift Command service as USNS "Tioga County" (T-LST-1158) from 1972 to 1973.
Construction and commissioning.
USS "LST-1158" was laid down on 16 June 1952 at Bath, Maine, by Bath Iron Works. She was launched on 11 April 1953, sponsored by Mrs. Joseph A. Callaghan, and commissioned on 20 June 1953 with Lieutenant Commander Charles R. Patton in command.
Pacific service.
Following shakedown out of Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek at Virginia Beach, Virginia, "LST-1158" shifted to the United States West Coast in January 1954 and operated out of San Diego, California. For the next few years, she worked along the U.S. West Coast and in the Hawaiian Islands. On 2 July 1955, "LST-1158" was renamed USS "Tioga County" (LST-1158).
"Tioga County" conducted two Western Pacific (WestPac) deployments between January 1957 and mid-1960, interspersed with local operations and cruises to the Hawaiian Islands. While en route from the Philippines to Yokosuka, Japan, "Tioga County" went to the aid of a stricken Taiwanese fishing vessel on 2 February 1960. Bucking gale-force winds and 17-foot (5.2-meter) seas, "Tioga County" passed lines to the foundering craft and drew her alongside. "Tioga County"s crew passed lifejackets down to the fishermen and brought them up via a Jacob's ladder, including one of the nine who had injured his leg.
Following her return to the U.S. West Coast from the second Western Pacific deployment, "Tioga County" resumed local operations out of San Diego. In August 1961, she sailed north for Alaskan waters and operated in the Aleutian Islands for three months. On one occasion off Attu, "Tioga County" battled high seas and gales up to 80 knots. She returned to San Diego on 1 December 1961.
Sailing for Hawaii following leave and upkeep, "Tioga County" participated in joint United States Army-United States Navy exercises in the islands before returning to the California coast. She conducted local operations and training out of San Diego, on occasion between the U.S. West Coast and the Hawaiian Islands, into 1965. On 31 May 1965 of that year, "Tioga County" was selected as the test bed for the Sea Sparrow antiaircraft and antimissile missile, and she participated in these tests until June 1965, when she was commended by the Raytheon Corporation for her part in the development of the missile system.
In July 1965, "Tioga County" departed San Diego, bound for Hawaii. During her five-month deployment, she operated out of Pearl Harbor and worked with the U.S. Army 25th Infantry Division on exercises.
Vietnam War service.
Although "Tioga County" was scheduled to spend Christmas 1965 in San Diego, a change of plans sent her to the Far East for her third Western Pacific deployment.
Arriving at Subic Bay, the Philippines, en route to Vietnamese waters, "Tioga County" loaded barbed wire and aviation fuel tanks and got underway for Danang, South Vietnam in mid-January 1966. After delivering her cargo there, she embarked troops and served as a "combat taxi" for the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division, making troop and vehicle lifts between Phan Rang and Tuy Hoa and carrying up to 1,000 troops each time.
After shifting briefly to Subic Bay for a drydocking for repair of her screws, "Tioga County" soon returned to Vietnamese waters to take part in Operation Double Eagle, off Quang Ngai Province. She made numerous beachings to load troops and cargo and earned her first engagement star for this action.
Following this logistics support evolution, "Tioga County" returned to the U.S. West Coast via Hong Kong, Yokosuka, Japan, and Pearl Harbor, and reached San Diego on 14 May 1966.
"Tioga County" conducted local operations along the U.S. West Coast until 2 March 1967, when she got underway for her fourth Western Pacific deployment. Proceeding via Pearl Harbor, Guam, and Subic Bay, she arrived at Danang on 28 April 1967 with 43 vehicles and other cargo.
Following a run to Okinawa, "Tioga County" returned to Vietnam and became the first landing ship tank of her class to participate in duty with the Mobile Riverine Assault Force.
Arriving at Vung Tau on 6 June 1967, "Tioga County" loaded 30,000 cases of C rations, 700 tons of U.S. Army ammunition, and 350 tons of miscellaneous cargo. She transited the Song Cua Thieu to the 9th Infantry Regiment's advanced base at Dong Tarn and took on board 369 men of "B" and "C" companies of the 3rd Battalion, 9th Infantry.
Under the aegis of Commander, River Flotilla 1, "Tioga County" served in the Rung Sat Zone special zone of the Mekong Delta region, supporting "search-and-destroy" missions against Viet Cong (VC) troops. She acted as a "Mekong Hilton" to the men who were based on board and served as a mobile ammunition and supply depot. In addition, she accompanied the rest of the riverine warfare force up the Song Soirap to Nha Be for close support of both artillery and infantry combat operations.
Difficulty with "Tioga County"s generators forced her back to Subic Bay for repairs before she returned to Vietnamese waters in late July 1967. She then joined Amphibious Ready Group Alfa off the coast of Vietnam near the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). Here she participated in Operation Beacon Gate, Operation Beacon Guide, and Operation Beacon Point. During this period, in addition to logistics support operations, "Tioga County" conducted her first combat landing as her LCVPs put a U.S. Marine landing team ashore on the coastal region of Quang Ngai province, a known Viet Cong stronghold near the Demilitarized Zone, with the initial landing wave.
Detached from this duty on 6 September 1967, "Tioga County" sailed for the United States, steamed via Yokosuka and Pearl Harbor, and arrived back at her homeport on Navy Day, 27 October 1967. She conducted local operations and training out of San Diego into 1970, before she conducted her fifth and final Western Pacific deployment from 5 January 1970 to 7 July 1970.
"Tioga County" received three battle stars for Vietnam War service, for:
Decommissioning.
Decommissioned on 23 December 1970, "Tioga County" was placed in reserve at San Diego with the inactive fleet.
Military Sealift Command service.
"Tioga County" was reactivated in mid-1972 to serve as a cargo ship in a non-commissioned status with a civil service crew with the Military Sealift Command, being designated the United States Naval Ship USNS "Tioga County" (T-LST-1158). This service continued until she was stricken from the Navy List on 1 November 1973.
Disposal.
After her Military Sealift Command service ended, "Tioga County" was transferred to the Maritime Administration for layup in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, Benicia, California. Custody of "Tioga County" was transferred to the Maritime Administration on 17 December 1992. She was sold for scrapping to ESCO Marine of Brownsville, Texas on 21 July 2005. She was returned to U.S. Navy custody, removed from the National Defense Reserve Fleet Suisun Bay Group by towing on 17 August 2005 and subsequently scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20104957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104957" title="Monika Fikerle">
Monika Fikerle

Monika Fikerle is an Australian musician and multi-instrumentalist, most noted for her "energetic, quirky" drumming style. 
Fikerle began her music career in Hobart in 1995, becoming Sea Scouts' drummer after having taken up the drums 'about a week' earlier. She later played in Surgery and 1001101 before rejoining Sea Scouts in what would become the classic line-up. Fikerle's drumming style during her early years in Hobart featured a lot of tom work, and used cymbals only to accent the end of the bar, creating a thunderous wall of tribal pounding. Fikerle's later work re-introduced more traditional rock kit elements such as snare and cymbals. 
Since relocating to Melbourne, Fikerle has continued to work in more than one band concurrently, including her current projects Love of Diagrams, Baseball and Miniature Submarines, and her previous projects The Bites, The Grimm, and Jihad Against America. Although Fikerle is best known for her drumming, she has contributed to bands on bass, melodica and piano accordion, and has also featured as a vocalist. Love of Diagrams signed to Matador Records for the release of Mosaic, becoming the first Australian act to appear on the Matador label.
Tours.
Fikerle has also toured internationally with several of the bands that she has contributed to, including Sea Scouts, Baseball, and Love of Diagrams. The tours have encompassed several locations that are not widely visited by Australian bands, such as Eastern Europe and the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="20104991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104991" title="Strobelight (song)">
Strobelight (song)

"Strobelight" is the first single from pop singer Luigi Masi. The song was released on Masi's MySpace on 28 August 2008, and the video on 18 September 2008.
The song was written and produced by Jim Beanz and recorded in April 2008 in London. It was decided to record a promo for the single after Masi fell ill in early October and was unable to fulfill promotional duties.
Music video.
The video for the single was shot on 14 August 2008 by Emil Nava. It shows Masi in four scenes. Starting outside a metal door, he then moves onto an open street with dancers, then down a dark alley, before walking down a corridor and knocking on a girl's door. He then leaves a puppy before vanishing as she comes to open the door.
Release.
The single was released digitally on 20 October 2008.
Formats and track listings.
Digital Single
UK CD Promo
External links.
http://digital.luigimasi.com/album/strobelight

</doc>
<doc id="20105022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105022" title="Paleoparasitology">
Paleoparasitology

Paleoparasitology (or "palaeoparasitology") is the study of parasites from the past, and their interactions with hosts and vectors; it is a subfield of Paleontology, the study of living organisms from the past. Some authors define this term more narrowly, as "Paleoparasitology is the study of parasites in archaeological material." (p. 103) K.J. Reinhard suggests that the term "archaeoparasitology" be applied to "... all parasitological remains excavated from archaeological contexts ... derived from human activity" and that "the term 'paleoparasitology' be applied to studies of nonhuman, paleontological material." (p. 233) This article follows Reinhard's suggestion and discusses the protozoan and animal parasites of non-human animals and plants from the past, while those from humans and our hominid ancestors are covered in archaeoparasitology.
Sources of material.
The primary sources of paleoparasitological material include mummified tissues, coprolites (fossilised dung) from mammals or dinosaurs, fossils, and amber inclusions. Hair, skins, and feathers also yield ectoparasite remains. Some archaeological artifacts document the presence of animal parasites. One example is the depiction of what appear to be mites in the ear of a "hyaena-like" animal in a tomb painting from ancient Thebes.
Some parasites leave marks or traces (ichnofossils) on host remains, which persist in the fossil record in the absence of structural remains of the parasite. Parasitic ichnofossils include plant remains which exhibit characteristic signs of parasitic insect infestation, such as galls or leaf mines and certain anomalies seen in invertebrate endoskeletal remains.
Plant and animal parasites have been found in samples from a broad spectrum of geological periods, including the Holocene (samples over 10,000 years old), Pleistocene (over 550,000 years old), Eocene (over 44 million years old), Cretaceous (over 100 million years) and even Lower Cambrian (over 500 million years).
Evidence of parasitism.
One of the most daunting tasks involved in studying parasitic relationships from the past is supporting the assertion that the relationship between two organisms is indeed parasitic. Organisms living in "close association" with each other may exhibit one of several different types of trophic relationships, such as parasitism, mutualism, and commensalism. Demonstration of true parasitism between existing species typically involves observing the harmful effects of parasites on a presumed host. Experimental infection of the presumed host, followed by recovery of viable parasites from that host also supports any claim of true parasitism. Obviously such experiments are not possible with specimens of extinct organisms found in paleontological contexts.
Assumptions of true parasitism in paleontological settings which are based on analogy to known present-day parasitic relationships may not be valid, due to host-specificity. For example, "Trypanosoma brucei gambiense" and "Trypanosoma brucei rhodesiense" are both devastating human parasites, but the related subspecies "Trypanosoma brucei brucei" will infect a number of animal hosts, but cannot even survive in the human blood stream, much less reproduce and infect a human host. So a related (or unidentifiable) species of "Trypanosoma" found in a paleontological or archaeological context may not be a true human parasite, even though it appears identical (or very similar) to the modern parasitic forms.
The most convincing evidence of paleoparasitism is obtained when a presumed parasite is found in direct association with its presumed host, in a context that is consistent with known host-parasite associations. Some examples include helminths caught in amber in the process of escaping from the body of an insect, lice found in the fur of guinea pig mummies, protozoans in the alimentary canal of flies in amber, nematode larvae found embedded in animal coprolites, and a mite caught in amber in the process of apparently feeding on a spider.
Fossil organisms which are related to present-day parasites often possess the morphological features associated with a parasitic lifestyle, such as blood-feeding mouthparts. So fossil ticks and hematophagous insects are generally assumed to be ectoparasites, even when their remains are found in the absence of a host.
The presence of structures resembling leaf miner trails in leaf fossils provide indirect evidence of parasitism, even if remains of the parasite are not recovered. The dramatic tissue aberrations seen in present-day plant galls and gall-like structures in some invertebrates are direct physiological reactions to the presence of either metazoan parasites or microbial pathogens. Similar structures seen in fossil plant and invertebrate remains are often interpreted as evidence of paleoparasitism.
Host-parasite interactions today are often exploited by other species, and similar examples have been found in the fossil record of plant galls and leaf mines. For example, there are species of wasps, called inquilines, which are unable to induce their own plant galls, so they simply take up residence in the galls that are made by other wasps. Another example is the predation of plant galls or leaf mines, to eat the trapped insect larva inside the gall or mine.
Knowledge gained from ancient animal and plant parasites.
Studies of parasite remains and traces from the past have yielded a vast catalog of ancient host-parasite associations. Genetic sequence data obtained directly from ancient animal parasites, and inferences of past relationships based on genetic sequences of existing parasite groups are also being applied to paleoparasitological questions. Data obtained by all of these methods are constantly improving our understanding of the origin and evolution of the parasites themselves and their vectors, and of the host-parasite and vector-parasite associations. 
In some cases, presumed host-parasite relationships of the past seem quite different from those known in the present, such as a fly which appears to be a parasite of a mite
Paleoparasitological studies have also provided insight into questions outside the realm of parasitology. Examples include the migration and phylogeography of marine mammal hosts, the identity of domestic animal bones based on the known hosts of parasite remains found at the site, and the possible role of climatic changes on animal host genetic diversity.

</doc>
<doc id="20105034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105034" title="Seventh-day Adventist worship">
Seventh-day Adventist worship

This article describes worship practice in the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
The Seventh-day Sabbath is seen as an important aspect of worship.
One Adventist author wrote, "Worship involves an attitude of mind and heart which enables man to love God with all his being."
Worship service.
The major weekly church worship service occurs on Saturday, typically commencing with Sabbath School which is a structured time of small-group study at church. Most Adventists make use of an officially produced "Sabbath School Lesson", which deals with a particular biblical text or doctrine every quarter. Special meetings are provided for children and youth in different age groups during this time (analogous to Sunday school in other churches).
After a brief break, the community joins together again for a church service that follows a typical evangelical format, with a sermon as a central feature. Corporate singing, Scripture readings, prayers and an offering, including tithing (or money collection), are other standard features.
Music style & Guidelines.
Adventist worship is generally restrained and carefully organized. Ellen White, on the topic of appropriate music, referred Adventists to the Bible and her writings. She encouraged believers to use judgement and hindsight when considering music that is uplifting. "Those things which have been in the past will be in the future. Satan will make music a snare by the way in which it is conducted. God calls upon His people, who have the light before them in the Word and in the Testimonies, to read and consider, and to take heed. Clear and definite instruction has been given in order that all may understand. But the itching desire to originate something new results in strange doctrines, and largely destroys the influence of those who would be a power for good if they held firm the beginning of their confidence in the truth the Lord had given them. " Believers should not abandon music which has been proven beneficial in order to chase after new, popular, or secular forms of music.
The Adventist leaders used her advice and have based a theory of music worship on verses such as Job 38:7, 2 Samuel 6:15, Psalms 150:3, 1 Corinthians 10:31, Phillipians 4:8, Revelations 4:9-11, 14:1-3, and 19:1-8. These verses advocate the use of music to uplift and praise God. The General Conference voted to propose a list of general music guidelines based on the principles that "music is not morally and spiritually neutral" and that "we cannot be indifferent to it." This led to the following nine principles, summarized here:
Holy Communion service.
Adventists usually practice communion four times a year. The communion is an open service that is available to members and Christian non-members. It commences with a foot washing ceremony, known as the "Ordinance of Humility", based on the Gospel account of . The Ordinance of Humility is meant to symbolize Christ's washing of his disciples' feet at the Last Supper and remind participants of the need to humbly serve one another. Participants segregate by gender to separate rooms to conduct this ritual, although some congregations allow married couples to perform the ordinance on each other and families are often encouraged to participate together. After its completion, participants return to the main sanctuary for consumption of the Lord's Supper, which consists of unleavened bread and unfermented grape juice.

</doc>
<doc id="20105053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105053" title="Danheiser annulation">
Danheiser annulation

The Danheiser annulation or Danheiser TMS-cyclopentene annulation is an organic reaction of an α,β-unsaturated ketone and a trialkylsilylallene (e.g., trimethylsilyl- or triisopropylsilyl-) in the presence of a Lewis Acid to give a trialkylsilylcyclopentene in a regiocontrolled annulation.

</doc>
<doc id="20105069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105069" title="Illyricus">
Illyricus

Illyricus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20105107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105107" title="Groppello">
Groppello

Gropello is a red Italian wine grape variety planted primarily in the Lombardy region. 

</doc>
<doc id="20105126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105126" title="Robin Umberg">
Robin Umberg

Brigadier General Robin Umberg (born c. 1960), Deputy Commander Clinical Services 3rd Medical Command, is one of several female United States Army general officers.
Military career.
Umberg began her military career at the age of 18 when she enlisted and received a four year military scholarship from the Walter Reed Army Institute of Nursing (WRAIN). She was commissioned a First Lieutenant in 1977. Her active duty assignments included Walter Reed Army Medical Center, Washington D.C., the USAMEDDAC Fort Carson, Colorado, the 121st Evacuation Hospital, Seoul, Korea, and the United States Army Hospital in Vicenza, Italy. In 1990, she deployed in support of Operations Desert Shield/Storm for 6 months.
After 12 years of active duty, Umberg transferred to the US Army Reserve. She served in a variety of command and staff assignments in the Army Reserve to include: Commander, 4211th US Army Hospital, San Diego, CA; Commander, 6253rd US Army Hospital, Mesa, AZ; Chief Nurse, 18th Field Hospital, Fort Story, VA; Executive Officer, 349th General Hospital; and Training Officer, 6252nd US Army Hospital, Irvine, CA. On May 8, 2005 she assumed the post as Deputy Commander of Professional Services, 3rd Medical Command, Fort Gillem, Georgia.
Awards.
Umberg’s military awards include the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, the Army Commendation Medal with two Oak Leaf Clusters, the Army Achievement Medal with one Oak Leaf Cluster, the Humanitarian Service Medal, Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal, Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal with Silver Oak Leaf Cluster, National Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star, Armed Forces Reserve Medal with Gold Hourglass and M Device, Good Conduct Medal, and two Overseas Service Ribbons. She was inducted into the Military Order of Medical Merit in 2006.
Education.
Her military education includes the AMEDD Officers Basic Course, Army Critical Care Nursing Course, the AMEDD Officers Advanced Course, Principals of Advanced Nursing Administration, Command and General Staff College, Army Nurse Corps Senior Field Leadership Course, Medical Management of Chemical, Biological, and Nuclear Casualties Course, and the Reserve National Security Course. Umberg received her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of Maryland and her Master of Science in Health Care Administration from the University of Northern Colorado.
Civilian life.
In her civilian capacity, Umberg has been a Medical-Legal Consultant and business owner. In November 2000, President Bill Clinton appointed her to serve on the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. In May 2009, she served as a Regional Panelist for the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.
On May 20, 2011 California Governor Jerry Brown appointed Brigadier General Robin Umberg to oversee the Veterans Homes Division in the California Department of Veterans Affairs. As part of his organizational review of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Secretary Peter J. Gravett elevated Brigadier General Robin Umberg to the level of Undersecretary for Veterans Homes.
http://www.ocregister.com/articles/veterans-326118-need-group.html
She currently resides in California with her husband, Tom Umberg who is also a Colonel in the Army Reserve, and has three children, Tommy and Brett.

</doc>
<doc id="20105141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105141" title="Jiayou! Ni You Me!">
Jiayou! Ni You Me!

"Jiāyoú! Ni You ME!" () is a Mandarin pop duet song by Tibetan singer Alan featuring Wei Chen. It was released as Alan's third Chinese single on October 29, 2008, as a digital download in Asia and as a mini-CD in Hong Kong. The song was used to encourage Chinese students and promote Epson's ME 30/300 printer series in China, which she became a spokesperson of in September 2008.
Alan and Wei Chen became acquainted with each other when they were the only two selected to represent Mainland China at the 9th Asian New Singer Competition in 2006.
Composition.
The lyrics were written by Francis Lee, who had previously written the lyrics of Alan's "". The music was composed by Bi Kuo Yong and arranged by Chen Lei.

</doc>
<doc id="20105146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105146" title="Cerro Alto Mountain">
Cerro Alto Mountain

Cerro Alto Mountain is a mountain in western Texas east of El Paso along U.S. Route 180. It is the highest point in the Hueco Mountains.
The awelo of the Tigua Indians is believed to reside near Cerro Alto Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20105149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105149" title="Helfensteiner">
Helfensteiner

Helfensteiner is a dark-skinned German wine grape crossing of the species "Vitis vinifera", that was created in 1931 with the crossing of Frühburgunder (Pinot Précoce noir) and Trollinger (Schiava Grossa). It was created by August Herold at the grape breeding institute in Weinsberg in the Württemberg region. 
The name of the variety is derived from that of the castle ruin Helfenstein close to Geislingen an der Steige.
A relatively small amount of Helfensteiner is cultivated in Württemberg, in 2008 (and less than 1 ha in the rest of Germany combined). It produces red wines of a fruity character, and rosé wines. The reason for the variety's limited popularity with growers is its very variable yield, which is due to its susceptibility to flowering problems.
Helfensteiner was later, in 1955, crossed by Herold with Heroldrebe to produce the much more successful Dornfelder. The variety Hegel shares the same parentage as Dornfelder.
Synonyms.
Helfensteiner is also known under its breeding code Weinsberg S 5332 and the synonyms Blauer Weinsberger and Helfensteyner.

</doc>
<doc id="20105179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105179" title="Tempoal (municipality)">
Tempoal (municipality)

Tempoal is one of the 212 municipalities of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. The municipal seat is Tempoal, Veracruz.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 33,107 
(down from 35,600 in 1995), 
of whom 12,237 lived in the municipal seat. 
Of the municipality's inhabitants, 3252 (9.33%) spoke an indigenous language, primarily Wastek (Huasteco).
The municipality of Tempoal covers a total surface area of 1,487.15 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20105205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105205" title="Toulmin method">
Toulmin method

The Toulmin method is an informal method of reasoning. Created by the British philosopher Stephen Toulmin, it involves the data, claim, and warrant of an argument. These three parts of the argument are all necessary to support a good argument. The "Data" is the evidence used to prove something. The "Claim" is what you are proving with the data. The "Warrant" is the assumption or principle that connects the data to the claim. All three parts are necessary.
Examples.
For an example: "Harry was born in Bermuda, so Harry must be a British subject."
In the above sentence, the phrase "Harry was born in Bermuda" is the data. This is evidence to support the claim. The claim in the sentence above is "Harry must be a British subject." The warrant is not explicitly stated in this sentence; it is implied. The warrant is something like this, "A man born in Bermuda will be a British subject." It is not necessary to state the warrant in a sentence. Usually, one explains the warrant in following sentences. Other times, like in the sentence above, the speaker of the sentence assumes the listener already knows the fact that all people born in Bermuda are British subjects.
Another example: "Steve bought apple juice for himself, so he must like apple juice."
This argument provides the data, claim, and warrant. The data would be the fact that Steve bought apple juice for himself. The claim is that Steve must like apple juice. The warrant is that people who buy apple juice, drink it, which means that they must like it, or else they wouldn't drink it. Again, the warrant is considered background knowledge and unnecessary to repeat in the argument. If one were to expound this argument, however, it would be helpful to explain the warrant.
Techniques.
An author usually will not bother to explain the warrant because it is too obvious. It is usually an assumption or a generalization. However, the author must make sure the warrant is clear because the reader must understand the author's assumptions and why the author assumes these opinions. An example of an argument with an unclear warrant is like this: "Drug abuse is a serious problem in the United States. Therefore, the United States must help destroy drug production in Latin America." This may leave the reader confused. By inserting the warrant in between the data and the claim, though, would make the argument clearer. Something like, "As long as drugs are manufactured in Latin America, they will be smuggled into the United States, and drug abuse will continue." This phrase makes clear why the evidence relates to the claim. One must be cautious as to deciding whether or not to include the warrant in the argument because flaws in the argument could be obvious.
Backing, rebuttals, and qualifiers are also typical additions to this argument. The backing is added logic or reasoning that may be needed to convince the audience and further support the warrant if it is not initially accepted. Rebuttals are used as a preemptive method against any counter-arguments. These acknowledge the limits of the claim, considering certain conditions where it would not hold true. Usually following is a counter-argument or presentation of new evidence to further support the original claim. Qualifiers are words that quantify the argument. They include words such as 'most', 'usually', 'always', 'never', 'absolutely' or 'sometimes'. These can either strongly assert arguments or make them vague and uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="20105223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105223" title="Heroldrebe">
Heroldrebe

Heroldrebe is a red German wine grape variety produced by crossing Blauer Portugieser and Lemberger. It was created by August Herold at the grape breeding institute in Weinsberg in the Württemberg region in 1929, and was named after him.
One of Heroldrebe's drawbacks is its relatively late ripening; it is harvested at about the same time as Pinot noir. Heroldrebe was grown on a total of in Germany in 2008, with a decreasing trend. There were in Palatinate, in Rheinhessen, and in Württemberg. In Palatinate it is typically used to produce light, almost pinkish, colored wines. 
Synonyms.
The only synonyms of Heroldrebe is its breeding code We S 130 or Weinsberg S 130.
Offspring.
Heroldrebe was later crossed with Helfensteiner by Herold to produce Dornfelder, which has become the most widely planted of the grape varieties created by Herold. Hegel is also Helfensteiner × Heroldrebe.

</doc>
<doc id="20105243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105243" title="Chlorphenesin">
Chlorphenesin

Chlorphenesin (Maolate, Musil) is a centrally acting muscle relaxant used to treat muscle pain and spasms. Chlorphenesin is no longer used for this purpose in most developed nations due to the availability of much safer spasmolytics such as benzodiazepines. 
Other central effects include sedation, anxiolytion, and dizziness. It also has antifungal and some antibacterial properties and is thus classified as an antifungal for topical use by the WHO.
Safety.
The major adverse effect from this preservative on skin is allergic contact sensitivity. Systemic intoxication from transdermal use has not been observed, although the FDA discourages its use as an ingredient in nipple cream for nursing mothers.
Physical Properties.
Melting Point.
86–92 deg. Celsius
Chemistry.
Chlorphenesin, 3-(4-chlorophenoxy)-1,2-propanediol, is synthesized in the same manner as methocarbamol from 3-(4-chlorophenoxy)-1,2-propanediol.

</doc>
<doc id="20105250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105250" title="Chris Lu">
Chris Lu

Christopher P. Lu (; born June 12, 1966) served as Assistant to the President and Cabinet Secretary for United States President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2013. He also served as the co-chair of the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. Lu graduated from the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University and from Harvard Law School, where he was a classmate of Obama's. 
In 2005, Lu first began working for Barack Obama in his U.S. Senate office, where Lu served as legislative director and acting chief of staff. Following Obama's successful 2008 campaign for presidency, Lu was appointed executive director of the Obama-Biden Transition Project. When Obama appointed Lu as Cabinet Secretary, "The New York Times" described him as "one of the highest-ranking Asian Americans in the Obama administration".
Early life.
Chris Lu was born on June 12, 1966 in New Jersey. In 1974, his family moved to the Fallsmead neighborhood of Rockville, Maryland, where he graduated from Thomas S. Wootton High School in 1984. Lu is the son of Eileen and Chien-Yang Lu, both of whom were born in Mainland China and lived in Taiwan until the 1950s when they emigrated to the United States to attend college. Lu's grandfather, Wang Ren-yuan, was the Minister of Justice of the Republic of China from 1970 to 1976 and was elected to the first Legislative Yuan in 1948 to represent Tianjin. Lu said he was heavily influenced by his father, who worked as an electrical engineer but loved literature and history; the two would read biographies of politicians and watch the evening news together.
Lu attended the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, where he was the senior news editor of the "Daily Princetonian". Lu's ambition for a political career developed at Princeton, particularly during his internship in the Capitol Hill office of Senator Charles Mathias. He graduated "magna cum laude" in 1988, after writing a senior thesis on press coverage of presidential campaigns. After graduating from Princeton, Lu attended Harvard Law School, where he was one of Barack Obama's classmates from 1988 to 1991. 
Career.
After graduating "cum laude" from Harvard in 1991, Lu started his career as a law clerk to Judge Robert Cowen in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. In 1992, he began working as a litigation attorney at the Washington, D.C. office of Sidley Austin, a large Chicago-based law firm. Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle, also worked at Sidley Austin, in the firm's Chicago office.
In 1997, Lu left Sidley Austin and took his first job in the political arena as deputy chief counsel for Representative Henry Waxman and the Democratic staff of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee of the House of Representatives. Phil Schiliro, Waxman's chief of staff, had a large part in the decision to hire Lu; the two would work together again later on the Obama administration; Lu later said he considers Schiliro and Pete Rouse, another future White House staffer, among his most influential mentors. During his tenure with the Government Reform Committee, Lu conducted several high-profile investigations, including investigations into campaign fundraising during the 1996 presidential election, the collapse of Enron, and substandard nursing home conditions. Lu also served as special adviser for communications to Senator John Kerry during the 2004 presidential election. One of his primary duties there was coordinating the activities of families of September 11 attack victims supporting the Kerry campaign.
Barack Obama's Senate office.
After Barack Obama was elected as U.S. Senator of Illinois, Lu joined Obama's office in early 2005 as legislative director. Lu developed a strong admiration for Obama, of whom he said, "With his quick and incisive mind, Obama is the most intelligent person that I have ever met (in the political arena)." As legislative director, Lu led a 15-person group and was responsible for overseeing the drafting of all legislation and advising Obama on votes and policy decisions. When weighing difficult votes, Obama had Lu and his other staff members assemble together and argue about the issue in front of him. David Mendell, a "Chicago Tribune" reporter and Obama biographer, said Lu was among the "moderate voices in this atmosphere of smart young staffers." Lu advised Obama to vote in favor of the Military Commissions Act of 2006 because he felt it would have been politically wiser to support it, but Obama ultimately voted against it.
Lu said of his role as legislative director, "It's one of the most fun jobs in the Senate (but) it's also an incredibly difficult job because you have to know something about any given thing going on in the Senate at the time ... It takes a couple years off your life." Lu, along with Robert Gibbs and several other Obama staffers, read Obama's manuscript for "The Audacity of Hope" and provided him with several editorial suggestions.
Lu eventually became acting chief of staff in Obama's Senate office. When Obama announced his candidacy for president in February 2007, Lu did not move over to the campaign, but remained to continue running Obama's operations in the Senate; Lu said of Obama at that time, "Even while he was running for president, he had a day job the Senate."
Obama presidential administration.
In May 2008, Obama asked Lu to begin planning for a possible presidential transition. Obama warned him to tell no one about the nascent operation, even his own wife, so Lu quietly rented a small office in D.C. and secretly met with people who had worked on previous Democratic presidential transition efforts. The planning efforts produced policy options on a wide range of topics, compiled names of and began vetting potential political appointees for top jobs, arranged over 100 security clearances, and managed the logistics for expanding the operations after Election Day.
After Obama's victory, Lu became executive director of the Obama-Biden Transition Project, a position that was responsible for the day-to-day operations of the transition. During the transition period, Lu was in daily contact with Bush administration officials, managed the $9 million budget, and negotiated the ground rules for Obama transition representatives to gather information on federal agency operations and programs. 
Obama selected Lu to serve as Cabinet Secretary, making him one of the highest-ranking Asian Americans in the administration, along with Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke and Secretary of Energy Steven Chu. At the time of his selection, "New York Times" reporter Michael Falcone wrote, "By now, Mr. Lu knows the president-elect's record better than almost anyone." 
Lu's responsibilities included representing Obama's positions to each of the Cabinet secretaries and agencies and coordinating a common White House agenda among them. Marc Ambinder, associate editor of "The Atlantic", said of Lu, "when agency heads have a problem, or when the White House has a problem with an agency head, Mr. Lu will be the first person who's called, or calls." Lu's office was on the second floor of the White House's West Wing.
In 2009, Lu visited China in July 2009 as part of an official delegation for the Obama administration, along with Locke and Chu. Although his parents were born there, it was the first time Lu had set foot on Chinese soil. Lu was introduced to Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, who said upon meeting Lu, "I know the name and also the importance of his position."
In July 2010, Lu was a member of the official U.S. delegation to the Shanghai Expo, along with former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.

</doc>
<doc id="20105258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105258" title="Limnio">
Limnio

Limnio (LIM-nee-oh) is a red Greek wine grape variety that is indigenous to the Greek island of Lemnos. The grape has had a long history of wine production that may extend back to Ancient Greece with wine historians widely believing it was the grape variety, "Lemnia", that was described by Aristotle as producing the famous red Lemnian wine. According to wine expert Oz Clarke, Limnio is ""One of Greece's most important red vines.""
History.
According to wine expert Jancis Robinson, Limnio was almost certainly the "Lemnia" grape described by Aristotle as a specialty of the island of Limnos-an assessment shared by other wine experts and historians. A "Limnia" grape was also referenced in Ancient Greek writings by Hesiod and Polydeuctes.
Wine regions.
Today Limnio is still being produced on Lemnos, though it is not utilized in the appellation wine produced on the island. (Technically the only appellation wine produced on Lemnos is from Muscat of Alexandria According to information by the Union of Agricultural Cooperatives of Lemnos (E.A.S.) the total production of Muscat of Alexandria (white wine), delivered by the producers to the Union, was 2,449 tones of grapes, while Limnio (Kalambaki) was 86 tones.) with notable plantings around Mount Athos. It is a principal grape variety in the Playies Melitona Appellation of Origin (A.O.) as well as the Drama TI (a Greek wine region similar to a "vin de pays") in Macedonia.
Viticulture and winemaking.
Limnio vines are known for their hardiness and ability to survive harsh droughts. The grapes have the ability to produce high must weights that translates into noticeable alcohol levels. They are generally late ripening with phenols that will produces enhanced herbaceous tones if the grapes are not harvested early. Today it is often blended with Cabernet Sauvignon in Meritage-style wines. Other grape varieties that may be blended with Limnio include Cabernet Franc, Cinsaut, Grenache, Petite Sirah, Merlot, Aghiorgitiko and Xynomavro.
Wine styles and food pairing.
As a varietal, Limnio produces full bodied wines with moderate tannins and acidity levels and a distinctive mineral aroma. When blended, Limnio adds color, weight, acidity and an herbal aroma which Oz Clarke describes as reminiscent of bay leaves. Wines made from Limnio are often paired with aged cheeses, game meat and roasted dishes.
Synonyms.
Limnio is also known under the synonyms Kalabaki, Kalambaki, Kalampaki, Lembiotiko, Lemnia, Lemnio, Lemniotico, Lemniotiko, Limniona, Limniotico, Mavro Limnio, Ntourou Kara, and Ntoyrou Kara.

</doc>
<doc id="20105266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105266" title="Tempoal de Sánchez, Veracruz">
Tempoal de Sánchez, Veracruz

Tempoal (formally: Tempoal de Sánchez) is a city in the Mexican state of Veracruz. Located in the state's Huasteca Alta region, 
It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of municipality of Tempoal.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the city of Tempoal reported a total population of 12,237.
Name.
Tempoal comes from the Wastek "Tam-puhal", meaning "place of toads". "De Sánchez" honours Rafael Platón Sánchez (1831–1867), a native of the area who fought in the Battle of Puebla of 5 May 1862 and later chaired the court martial that sentenced Emperor Maximilian and his generals Miguel Miramón and Tomás Mejía to death by firing squad in Santiago de Querétaro on 19 June 1867.
History.
Tempoal was founded in pre-Hispanic times. 
It was given town "(villa)" status on 27 May 1927 and city "(ciudad)" status on 29 November 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="20105273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105273" title="Ángel Cheme">
Ángel Cheme

Ángel Lizardo Cheme Ortiz (born 19 November 1981 in Esmeraldas) in an Ecuadorian footballer. He played the majority of his professional career as Gonzalo Javier Chila Palma, and claimed a date of birth of 9 December 1984, thus enabling him to play in age-restricted matches for three years after he was entitled to do so.
Identity case.
In December 2010, Cheme was accused of aggravated identity theft by the actual Gonzalo Chila, an evangelical pastor in Guayaquil. This led the Ecuadorian Football Federation (FEF) to investigate the accusations and apply any applicable punishments. FEF concluded that Cheme had used Chila's identity to play and was suspended for one year.

</doc>
<doc id="20105277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105277" title="DOCS (software)">
DOCS (software)

DOCS, Display Operator Console Support, was a systems software package that provided video display for the IBM/370 running DOS/VS and DOS/VSE environments, and IBM/360 retrofitted with modified DOS, such as TCSC's EDOS.
The product.
Computer operators communicated with IBM mainframe computers using an electro-mechanical typewriter-like console that came standard on most IBM 360 and 370 computer, except a few upper end models that offered video consoles and the Model 20 which came standard without a console.
The majority of smaller and less expensive IBM 360s and 370s came equipped with these ruggedized Selectric keyboard devices. The Selectric was a major step up from the teletypes (TTY) associated with Unix and smaller systems, but still clunky. The video consoles provided with certain models were not considered particularly user friendly, and they ignored two thirds of IBM's mainframe market, DOS and its VSE descendants.
DOCS replaced or supplanted the typewriter interface with a video screen. In practice, it worked a little like present-day instant messenger programs (ICQ, QQ, AIM, Adium, iChat, etc.), with a data entry line at the bottom and messages scrolling in real time up the screen. The commands were otherwise identical.
DOCS was available for DOS, DOS/VS, DOS/VSE, and came packaged with third party operating systems, such as EDOS from The Computer Software Company, later acquired by Nixdorf.
Platforms.
Software.
The product ran under several DOS-related platforms:
Hardware.
Several venders offered DOCS as part of their OS:
Development.
DOCS was developed by CFS, Inc. of Brookline, Massachusetts at the Kayser-Roth data center in Whitman, Massachusetts. Dick Goran wrote the video interface. Leigh Lundin wrote the operating system interface and transcript recorder.
Fx.
DOCS required a dedicated partition. With DOS having only three partitions and DOS/VS seven, giving up a partition to DOCS placed a crimp in practicability.
Leigh Lundin designed Fx, a pseudo-partition that relieved the user from relinquishing a working partition. Fx appeared in the DOS/VS version of SDI's Grasp as F0.
Marketing.
DOCS was sold in North America by CFS, Inc, Brookline, Ma.
For overseas sales, CFS engaged in both mail order and local vendors. The product was also embedded in third party operating system packages, such as EDOS and vDOS.

</doc>
<doc id="20105288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105288" title="Alamo EMS">
Alamo EMS

Alamo Emergency Medical Servies, Inc. (Alamo EMS) was an Advanced Life Support (ALS) and Basic Life Support (BLS) ambulance service owned by Health Quest, with transportation services in the Hudson Valley region of New York. Alamo operated ambulances staffed by emergency medical technicians (EMTs) and paramedics.
Alamo held Emergency Response 9-1-1 contracts and CON's in Dutchess, Putnam, Orange and Ulster Counties.
History.
Alamo Ambulance began in the early 1960s in Binghamton, New York by 
paramedic James Alamo. In 1966 Jim Alamo moved the company to Poughkeepsie, New York. On March 21, 1966, The Poughkeepsie Common Council voted to contract with Alamo and replace the ambulance contract they had with Vassar and St Francis Hospitals. The initial contact called for Alamo to bill $20 per private call, $16 for welfare calls and a $5 surcharge if oxygen was used. Alamo EMS was one of the main EMS companies to offer services to Dutchess County in the late 1900s.
Before ambulances were readily available, Alamo would have "Fly Cars" or paramedics that have an SUV with all the equipment an ambulance has, including a drug box. This was more practical for towns and jurisdictions that didn't have enough residents to merit a separate ambulance. Often the paramedic would ride in the back of a town ambulance to transport the patient.
In 1996 Alamo became the 51st ambulance service in the United States and the first not-for-profit in the Northeast to be accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Ambulance Services (CAAS). CAAS is a non-profit organization which was established to encourage and promote quality patient care in America's medical transportation system. The primary focus of the Commission's standards is high-quality patient care. This is accomplished by establishing national standards which not only address the delivery of patient care, but also the ambulance service's total operation and its relationships with other agencies, the general public, and the medical community. The Commission's standards often exceed state or local licensing requirements. In 2004 Alamo received its second perfect score for re-accreditation and still maintains its accreditation today.
On December 14, 2007, Northern Dutchess Paramedics announced a proposed merger with Alamo 
EMS. The application was the first step in the regulatory process toward creating an organization which was aimed at better serving the Hudson Valley community in providing emergency and ambulance services. The joint venture would also have required approval from the New York State Attorney General's Office, and the New York State Supreme Court. Health Quest and Northern Dutchess Paramedics anticipated that the regulatory process would take approximately six to twelve months; however as of December 31, 2008 the merger was not completed and is now abandoned. If it had been completed it would have created the largest independent ambulance provider in the Hudson Valley Region.
On December 17, 2008, the two companies announced that the merger had fallen through, and would not be completed. The companies claimed they had differences that could not be settled. In January 2009 Health Quest began allocating additional funding to Alamo to aid their goal of covering most of the towns in Dutchess County.
On June 4, 2009, Health Quest, the parent company of Alamo EMS, announced to its employees that the company has been sold to TransCare, with a projected completion of acquisition of August 1, 2009. The date was pushed back to a later date due to the complexities involved in the takeover. On September 19, 2009, the buyout was completed and all Alamo EMS services were terminated and transitioned to TransCare.
Up until its demise in 2009, Alamo EMS was the only community-owned ambulance service and was governed by an all-volunteer board of trustees composed of community leaders, and under the guidance the umbrella organization Health Quest. As a "not-for-profit, charitable organization, all operating funds went back into Alamo and increased the quality of the ambulance service offered.
Other than emergency medical services, Alamo operated a full-time Ambulette service which provided service to the disabled seven days a week. Also a Training and Education division hosted a wide array of medical training available to all employees and residents of the jurisdictions of the towns they served.

</doc>
<doc id="20105322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105322" title="Legislative Palace (Peru)">
Legislative Palace (Peru)

The Legislative Palace of Peru is the seat of the Congress of Peru, located on the second block of Jiron Ayacucho, on the Plaza Bolivar, in Lima, the capital of Peru. This building is made up of the chamber housing the sessions of congress, the Hemiciclo Raúl Porras Barrenechea chamber, the Hall of the Lost Steps, the offices of the Presidency of the Congress, office of the vice-presidency, the offices of congressional commissions, and the offices of various other parliamentary groups.
This building houses the sessions of Congress as well as the inauguration speech of the President. 
The Plaza Bolivar is located in front of the congressional building while the Plaza Simón Bolívar is located to the rear. 
It was built by the President Óscar R. Benavides.

</doc>
<doc id="20105324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105324" title="Magarach Ruby">
Magarach Ruby

Magarach Ruby or Rubinovyi Magarcha is a red Crimean wine grape variety that is a crossing of Cabernet Sauvignon and Saperavi. The crossing was carried out at the Magarach viticultural institute at Yalta, Crimea in 1928 in what was then the Soviet Union.
Synonyms.
Rubinovyi Magarcha is also known under the synonyms Crossing 56, Magarach 56, Magaracha Rubinovyi, Magaratch 56, Roter Rubin Von Magaratsch, Roubinovy Magaratcha, Roubinoy De Magaratch, Rubin Von Magaratch, Rubinovi Magaraca, and Rubinovyi Magaracha.

</doc>
<doc id="20105331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105331" title="East Portland Branch, Public Library of Multnomah County">
East Portland Branch, Public Library of Multnomah County

The East Portland Branch, Public Library of Multnomah County housed part of the library system of Multnomah County, Oregon, from 1911 to 1967. Designed by architect A. E. Doyle, the structure was completed in 1911 in Portland at 1110 Southeast Alder Street in the city's central eastside. Funded in part by the Carnegie Foundation, the original building consisted of one floor and a daylight basement and included reading rooms for children and adults. The building had a red brick exterior, terra-cotta trim, and a roof of green Spanish tiles. Remodeled in 1956 and remodeled again prior to its sale in 1967, the one-story building, which had rooms high, became a two-story office building.
From 1864 until 1902, Portland had subscription libraries that were open to the public, but it had no tax-supported public library. In 1902, the library system became tax-supported, free, and open to all Portland residents. A year later, it was opened to all residents of Multnomah County. Within months of the change from subscription library to free public library, the number of users grew from 1,000 members to 8,000 registered borrowers.
The subscription libraries had reading rooms only in downtown Portland. To accommodate the growing number of users, the new library established reading rooms in other parts of the city. By 1907, it had neighborhood branches in Sellwood, Albina and the central eastside neighborhood. Doyle designed a small temporary building for the eastside branch before money became available for the permanent structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20105358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105358" title="Mammolo">
Mammolo

Mammolo is a red Italian wine grape that is planted primarily in Tuscany. While its use has been diminishing, Mammolo was historically included in the blended Sangiovese-based wines of Chianti where it contributed a distinctive violet or "mammole" aroma. In addition to small plantings in the Chianti zone, Mammolo can be found in the Vino Nobile di Montepulciano region of Tuscany and in scattered vineyards throughout Central Italy. 
Offspring.
Mammolo is believed to be a parent vine of the Ligurian/Tuscan vine Pollera nera and Colombana nera.
Synonyms.
Mammolo is known under a variety of synonyms throughout Central Italy. These include Fegeri, Mammola asciutta, Mammola minuto, Mammoli, Mammolo asciutto, Mammolo di Montepulciano, Mammolo fiorentino, Mammolo nero, Mammolo nero primaticio, Mammolo normale, Mammolo piccola rooso nero, Mammolo pratese, Mammolo rosso, Mammolo rosso tondo, Mammolo serrato, Mammolo tondo, Mammolo toscana, Mammolone di Lucca, Uva mammola asciuta, Uva mammola near, Uva mammola scrigiolante, Uva Mammolo nero and Uva mammolo tonda.

</doc>
<doc id="20105365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105365" title="Community Broadcasters Association">
Community Broadcasters Association

The Community Broadcasters Association (CBA) was a trade organization representing low-power broadcasting interests, including LPTV and Class A television stations, in the United States of America. It ceased operations in 2009.
Key issues addressed by the CBA included the provision of interference protection for small broadcasters (for which it successfully petitioned the FCC for creation of the "Class A" designation in 1998) and the need for analog passthrough in coupon-eligible converter boxes (it had unsuccessfully pursued legal action claiming that the absence of this feature, needed to avoid blocking signals from low-power and foreign stations not converting to digital in 2009, violates the All-Channel Receiver Act of 1961).
CBA's lawsuit seeking an injunction to halt the sale and distribution of DTV converter boxes lacking analog tuners and analog passthrough was filed in March 2008 but denied without comment in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in May 2008. The FCC and NTIA urged manufacturers to include analogue pass-through voluntarily in all converter boxes, and some of the newest generation of models now offer the feature.
Due to the large number of public service announcements on full-service stations, which often confusingly claimed that "all TV is going digital" on February 17, 2009, the CBA established websites such as KeepUsOn.com to notify consumers of the continued post-transition operation of analogue LPTV, with information on how to find and install converters which offered analogue pass-through capability.
The CBA also advocated that existing Class A stations be permitted to upgrade to full service status, obtaining the same must-carry access to cable television that was available to full-power broadcasters, and (like full-power broadcasters) opposed expansion of the FM radio band into the frequency range currently occupied by TV channels 5 and 6.
Amy Brown was the executive director of the Community Broadcasters Association when it closed. The corresponding advocacy role for US full-service television stations is filled by the National Association of Broadcasters.

</doc>
<doc id="20105381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105381" title="Mandilaria">
Mandilaria

Mandilaria () is a red Greek wine grape variety that is grown throughout the Greek Isles. The grape is often used as a blending component, producing deeply colored wines that are light bodied. 
Synonyms.
Mandilaria is also known under the synonyms Amorgiano, Amourguiano, Armorgiano, Dombrena Mavri, Domvrena Mavri, Doubraina Mavri, Doubrena Mavri, Doumbrena Mavri, Doumpraina Mavri, Doympraina Mavre, K'ntoura Kai M'ntoura,Kontoura, Koudoura Mavri, Koundour A Mavri, Koundoura Mavri, Kountoura, Kountoura Mavri, Kountoyro, Koutoura, Koyntoura, 
Koyntoura Mavre, Kytoura, Mandalari, Mandilari, Mantelaria, Mantilari, Mantilaria, Montoyra, and Tsoumpraina Mavri.

</doc>
<doc id="20105417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105417" title="Active adult retail">
Active adult retail

Active adult retail is a specific category of age-targeted specialty shops and professional services strategically catering to the daily needs of active adults. 
Active adults, also known as leading-edge baby boomers and those somewhat older, are characterized as people who are aged 55 years or older, and who can still walk. The importance of active adults to the retail market are significant. They are recognized as one of the largest, fastest growing and wealthiest segments of the US population. 
Beginning in 2006, adult adults will continue to turn 60 at a rate of 10,000 a day for the next 18 years. They also control 77% of the US wealth–almost $2 trillion in buying power.
The term, active adult retail is credited to Rick Abelson, His model outlines a generational lifestyle district between that responds to the daily needs of active adults, offering a balanced tenant mix consisting of 40% specialty shops, 30% health, financial and educational services and 30% food positioned as entertainment. The model is widely used by national retail developers and community planners to test and adjust their under performing convenience shopping centers located in aging-in-place communities throughout the United States.
Active adults are known to have different shopping habits than those of other age groups. Their retail motivation is based on a strong pattern of convenient daily needs and their shopping experience and expectations are unique from the general population. Surveys show that active adults are less patient when they shop. They have limited disposable income and carefully prioritize their discretionary spending. They are drawn to products and services that are value based and give a psychological lift. Overall they are seeking a retail experience that can be characterized as cozy, casual and convenient.
In Rebecca Hardin's 2006 article, "Getting to Easy Street: Active Adult Retail Comes of Age" for the National Association of Home Builders' 50+ magazine, she interviews and published quotes from home builders, master plan community developers, retailers and leasing professionals validating the importance of active adult retail. On the subject, Ralph Spargo, Senior Vice President, Active Adult Division, Standard Pacific Homes in Irvine, CA states that "Active adult retail reflects the market it aims to serve, which comes in a multitude of family configurations and desires about how to live." Ed Friedrichs, co-Founder of the Friedrichs Group, San Francisco, CA says, "Examples abound for high revenues per square foot. If a product or service is very explicitly marketed to a particular segment, it will generate the revenues required, even in a very condensed space." Randall Lewis, Executive Vice President of The Lewis Group of Companies in Upland, CA notes "(Active adult retail) challenges conventional perceptions of development. The retail/residential cross-pollination is particularly valuable for companies creating mixed-use and master-planned projects." Scott Riddles, Executive Vice President for the Staubach Companies explains, "In today's big communities, you see everything except integrated retail. Builders and developers who weave appropriate retail in from initial planning stages are providing an exceptional amenity that will differentiate their community from the competition."
Architects, planners, journalists and researchers continue to analyze, interpret and calibrate the impact and dominance of active adults on retailing over the next twenty years. The following wide ranging resources and information link to additional relevant perspectives including: active adult retailing,[http://www.thestrategicedge.com/Articles/babyboom.htm], a sample building program and tenant list for an active adult retail village in Santa Maria, CA,
a report from the McKinsey Global Institute on the huge importance of active adults on the US economy and retailing[http://mckinsey.com/mgi/publications/Impact_Aging_Baby_Boomers/executive_summary.asp, a Business Week magazine cover story on active adults new attitudes and lifestyles being a retailer's marketing dream a review in Entrepreneur Magazine of the best selling book called Marketing To Leading-Edge Baby Boomers: Perceptions, Principles, Practices, Predictions,[http://www.entrepreneur.com/tradejournals/article/128785101.html and the AARP bibliography link to books on active adults and their impact on retailing.
[http://assets.aarp.org/rgcenter/ageline/boomers.pdf] 

</doc>
<doc id="20105433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105433" title="2003 Champ Car Grand Prix of Mid-Ohio">
2003 Champ Car Grand Prix of Mid-Ohio

The 2003 Champ Car Grand Prix of Mid-Ohio was the thirteenth round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on August 10, 2003 at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course in Lexington, Ohio. It was the last of 22 Champ Car events to take place at the track which was a fixture in the CART calendar for most of its history.

</doc>
<doc id="20105441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105441" title="Oleg Caetani">
Oleg Caetani

Oleg Caetani (born 1956) is an Italian conductor.
He was born in Lausanne, Switzerland, the son of the Ukrainian conductor Igor Markevitch and his second wife Donna Topazia Caetani (1921—90), who is descended from a Roman family that included the early 14th-century Pope Boniface VIII. Caetani has chosen to use his mother's family name to continue its lineage. His half-brother is Vaslav Markevitch.
Caetani studied with Nadia Boulanger for several years. At the Conservatory of Santa Cecilia in Rome, he studied conducting with Franco Ferrara and composition with Irma Ravinale. He made his debut at age 17 with a production of Claudio Monteverdi's "Il combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda" directed by Constantina Petkova in Rome. He then went to the Moscow Conservatory to study conducting with Kirill Kondrashin and musicology with Nadezhda Nikolaeva. He graduated from the St Petersburg Conservatory in conducting with Ilya Musin.
Caetani won the RAI Turin and the third prize at the Karajan Competitions in Berlin, and started his professional career as assistant to Otmar Suitner at the Staatsoper Unter den Linden in Berlin. He has since been Chief Conductor at the Nationaltheater Weimar, First Conductor at the Oper Frankfurt, Music Director first at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden, later at the Chemnitz Opera House and of the Robert Schumann Philharmonic Orchestra.
In 2001, Caetani conducted his first production at La Scala, Milan, with "Turandot". His first conducting appearance with English National Opera (ENO) was in 2003 with "Khovanshchina". In February 2005, ENO announced the appointment of Caetani as its music director to succeed Paul Daniel, effective in 2006. However, after the November 2005 resignation of ENO's then artistic director, Seán Doran, who had appointed Caetani, Caetani's own appointment as the next ENO Music Director was cancelled in December 2005, the month before he was scheduled to take up the post. Concerns had arisen that Caetani's commitments in Australia limited his available time to serve with ENO. Even though Caetani never formally took up the post of ENO's music director, he fulfilled his contract to conduct ENO's 2006 production of "Sir John in Love" (the first fully staged revival since 1958).
Caetani made his Australian conducting debut in 2001 with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra (MSO). In January 2005, he became the MSO's Chief Conductor and Artistic Director. In 2007 he led the MSO on its second European tour, which took in performances in major centres including Berlin, Madrid, Milan and Paris. In March 2008, the MSO announced the extension of Caetani's contract through to the end of 2010. He led the MSO in the Australian premiere of Shostakovich's Symphony No. 13 ("Babi Yar") on 7 August 2008. His recording projects with the MSO include symphonies of Alexandre Tansman and the orchestral works of Rudi Stephan. On 14 October 2009, a year ahead of schedule, the MSO announced it had terminated Caetani's contract due to artistic differences.
Caetani's other recordings include the first complete cycle of the Shostakovich symphonies by an Italian orchestra, with the Orchestra Sinfonica di Milano Giuseppe Verdi.
Caetani has been married twice. He has three daughters, two with his first wife Karin, and another one with his second wife Susanna.

</doc>
<doc id="20105445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105445" title="Arthur D. Hershey">
Arthur D. Hershey

Arthur D. "Art" Hershey was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 13th District and was elected in 1982. He and his wife, Joyce, live in Cochranville, Pennsylvania and have 4 children and 11 grandchildren. He retired prior to the 2008 election, and was succeeded by Democrat Tom Houghton.

</doc>
<doc id="20105491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105491" title="Jalan Jerangau Barat">
Jalan Jerangau Barat

Jalan Jerangau Barat, Federal route is a federal road in Terengganu, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1689 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20105503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105503" title="Pat Galvin">
Pat Galvin

Patrick "Pat" Galvin OBE (30 March 1911 – 24 September 1980) was an Australian politician. Born in Quorn, South Australia, he was educated at Rostrevor College before becoming an engineer and an organiser of the Australian Society of Engineers. He was also an industrial officer with the Australian Workers' Union. In 1951, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as a member of the Labor Party, defeating Liberal MP Jim Handby for the seat of Kingston. He held the seat until 1966, when he was defeated by Liberal candidate Kay Brownbill. Galvin died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20105514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105514" title="List of programs previously broadcast by CBS">
List of programs previously broadcast by CBS

Here is a list of shows formerly broadcast by the CBS Television Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20105530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105530" title="Blessed William Howard Catholic School">
Blessed William Howard Catholic School

Blessed William Howard is a Roman Catholic High-school located in Stafford, England, and is also a specialised Arts College as of 2003. The school was originally opened in 1963. The name Blessed William Howard comes from the site on which the school is located. William Howard was the 1st Viscount of Stafford in the 17th century, and owned the land on which the current school is built. He was convicted of treason and executed in 1680, wrongly so, as it is viewed by the Roman Catholic Church. The church therefore beatified him in 1929, and he became known as Blessed William Howard. Thus the school is named eponymously.

</doc>
<doc id="20105533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105533" title="Kay Brownbill">
Kay Brownbill

Kay Cathrine Millin Brownbill OBE (21 July 1914 – 3 February 2002) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, she was educated at state schools before become a journalist, playwright, broadcaster and public relations officer. In 1966, she was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as a member of the Liberal Party of Australia, defeating Labor MP Pat Galvin for the seat of Kingston. She was the first woman elected to the House since 1949, the first not succeeded by her husband, and the third woman elected to Australia's lower house (the others being Enid Lyons and Doris Blackburn). She was defeated in 1969 by Labor's Richard Gun, and left politics. Brownbill died in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20105539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105539" title="Office of the United States Nuclear Waste Negotiator">
Office of the United States Nuclear Waste Negotiator

The Office of the United States Nuclear Waste Negotiator was a short-lived independent agency of the federal government of the United States during the late 1980s and early 1990s. The agency was responsible for the placement and long term storage of radioactive waste in the United States. It was created under the auspices of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act.
Although the agency was created in 1987, it remained without a head until 1990, when President George H. W. Bush appointed former Idaho Lieutenant Governor David H. Leroy, a Republican, to be the first United States Nuclear Waste Negotiator. In 1993 President Bill Clinton replaced Leroy with former Democratic Congressman Richard H. Stallings, also from Idaho.
The agency was eliminated in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20105558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105558" title="Kumusi River">
Kumusi River

The Kumusi River (also known as the Kamusi River) is a river located in the Oro Province of Papua New Guinea. Known for its width and its strength, the Kumusi has had a significant impact on the history of the Oro Province. It was a significant factor in the Kokoda Track Campaign and also a contributing factor to the destruction caused by Cyclone Guba.
History.
World War II.
Due to its relative proximity to the Kokoda Track, the Kumusi River was often a factor in the Kokoda Track Campaign of World War II. The fast flowing and wide river provided natural barrier from enemy, and gave the soldiers a distinct advantage. There were few bridges, the solid ones were often bombed to break a supply line. Soldiers often had to walk, or use rafts through the powerful current in order to get across Many fatalities were recorded as the current overwhelmed the soldiers. One of the most notable deaths was that of Japanese Major General Tomitaro Horii. After the Oivi-Gorari battle, the Japanese chaotically crossed the river at Wairopi. Although his horse already had drowned, Horii opted to try and cross on a raft. He soon fell into the water and drowned.
Cyclone Guba.
On 14 and 15 November 2007, Cyclone Guba hit the Oro Province. The Cyclone brought five days of solid rain, causing widespread flooding; the Kumusi swelled to ten times its original width.
The flooding destroyed homes, gardens and in some cases, entire villages were washed away. The flooding completely destroyed the provinces vital infrastructure, over twenty-two bridges were washed away, cutting the link to Popondetta. Of the twenty-two, the Kumusi Bridge, a large steel structure was destroyed, with estimated rebuilding costs at K70 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20105563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105563" title="Administrative Department of the Presidency of the Republic (Colombia)">
Administrative Department of the Presidency of the Republic (Colombia)

The Administrative Department of the Presidency of the Republic (, DARP) consists of the immediate staff of the President of Colombia, as well as multiple levels of support staff reporting to the President. The DAPR is the Executive Administrative Department that assists the President in the exercise of its duties by lending the administrative support and related services to fulfil his official and constitutional duties.
History.
During the time of the Libertador, the Office of the President of the Republic consisted of the Private Secretary and a scribe. "Law 3 of 1898", sanctioned by José Manuel Marroquín, the Vice President of Colombia in charge of the President due to President Manuel Antonio Sanclemente's state of health, suppressed the offices of Private Secretary and Scribe, creating in place the General Secretariat of the Presidency of the Republic ("Secretaría General de la Presidencia de la República"), made up of the Secretary General, the High Officer, and two scribes.
By 1956, the need to provide the different offices of the President of the Republic a better organization and to improve the efficacy in the fulfilment of presidential duties, forced the President to take action. On 27 January 1956, the Supreme General in Chief Gustavo Rojas Pinilla, issued "Decree 133 of 1956", which transformed the General Secretariat into the Administrative Department of the Presidency of the Republic, as the agency in charge of coordinate, control and administrate the different dependencies of the Presidency.
Further changes were made during the administration of President Alfonso López Michelsen, who issued "Decree 146 of 1976", on 7 January of said year, restructuring the agency into five departments, the General Secretariat, the Presidential Advisers, the Secretariat of Information and Press, the Private Secretary, and the Military House.

</doc>
<doc id="20105565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105565" title="Richard Gun">
Richard Gun

Richard Townsend Gun (born 27 May 1936) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at St Peter's College and the University of Adelaide, becoming a doctor. He was on the anaesthetics registrar at the Royal Adelaide Hospital. In 1969, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Kingston, defeating Liberal MP Kay Brownbill. He held the seat until 1975, when he was defeated by Liberal candidate Grant Chapman.

</doc>
<doc id="20105584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105584" title="Mga Kantang Galing Sa Loob Ng Kwarto Ko">
Mga Kantang Galing Sa Loob Ng Kwarto Ko

"Mga Kantang Galing Sa Loob Ng Kwarto Ko" (translated as "Songs From My Room"), is the second album of the band cover me quick/!\, released on February 27, 2007 by Viva Records. A 5-cut demo version was leaked into the net months before the release of the original recording containing a bonus track titled "Lovestory Na Ginawang Kanta" which was not in the physical version of the album.
Sample versions of the songs "Tanya, Tanya", "Gabi Ng Prom" and "Lagi Kang Tama" could be streamed at the band's PureVolume site. The official video for the first official single, "Gabi Ng Prom" could be seen on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="20105600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105600" title="LGBT rights in Guatemala">
LGBT rights in Guatemala

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Guatemala may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity is legal in Guatemala, but sexual or gender identity is not expressly protected from discrimination and same-sex couples and households headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex married couples.
Criminal Code.
Private, adult, consensual and non-commercial homosexuality is legal in Guatemala. The age of consent for everyone, regardless of sex or sexual or gender identity is 18.
While legal, since 1871, negative attitudes prevailed, and harassment, even targeted killings, of LGBT people was not uncommon. For example, while a gay bar was allowed to be opened in 1976, it was the only gay bar allowed in Guatemala until the late 1990s.
In the late 1990s there were several reports by the United Nations and some NGOs that LGBT people in Guatemala were being systematically targeted for death as part of a "social cleansing campaign". One of the more prominent victims of this campaign was an AIDS activist and transgender person named Luis Palencia, who was gunned down in Guatemala City in 1997.
Civil Rights.
Guatemala laws do not prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual or gender identity in areas such as employment, education, housing, health care, banking or other public accommodation, such as cafes, restaurants, nightclubs and cinemas. 
Bias motivated crimes (a.k.a. "hate crimes") on the basis of sexual or gender identity are reportedly tolerated by the government, especially when the harassment or violence is directed at transgender people. The lack of civil rights protections and protections from hate crimes is attributed to the prevailing attitudes about sexual identity and gender roles.
Most Guatemalan residents are members of the Catholic, Fundamentalist Protestant or Eastern Orthodox church, which all have traditionally upheld socially conservative attitudes and in particular tend to believe that homosexuality and cross-dressing are signs of immorality.
These socially conservative Christian attitudes are also reflected in the dominant political parties in the nation. The National Unity of Hope is a conservative Christian social democratic party, and the Patriotic Party (Guatemala) is a conservative, if not right-wing, political party. Most of the other political parties, even the more liberal or left-wing parties, generally ignore the issue of LGBT rights.
Despite these challenges, the LGBT community has become more visible since the 1990s, and the nation's refocus on democratization, peace, and human rights has had some benefit for LGBT rights.
In 1993 OASIS (Organization to Support an Integral Sexuality in the Face of AIDS) was allowed to be established as a non-profit group that would only provide comprehensive HIV/AIDS education to the LGBT community. The end of the civil war in 1996 and the subsequent advancement of democratization and human rights allowed OASIS to also work on LGBT-rights.
Recognition of same-sex unions.
There is no legal recognition for same-sex couples in the form of same-sex marriage or in the more limited form of civil unions or domestic partnership arrangements.
According to a July 2010 poll by Cid-Gallup, 85% of the country's population opposes same-sex marriage, while 12% supports it and 3% are unsure.

</doc>
<doc id="20105633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105633" title="Javier Orozco">
Javier Orozco

Javier Antonio Orozco Peñuelas (born November 16, 1987 in Los Mochis, Sinaloa) is a Mexican professional footballer. He currently plays as a striker in Santos Laguna of the Liga MX.
Club career.
Orozco made his debut on September 17, 2005, against UANL, a game which resulted in a 1–2 victory for Cruz Azul. In the 2010 Apertura, he scored the first goal of the season, and currently leads the season with 6 goals. He scored 4 goals and had an assist against Real Salt Lake of MLS to defeat them 5–4. He is also the top goalscorer in CONCACAF Champions League history, as he has netted 23 times.
International.
Orozco got his first call up by interim coach Efraín Flores for friendly matches on September 4 and 7, 2010 against Ecuador and Colombia, respectively. He started for the first time on October 12, against Venezuela.
International appearances.
"As of 12 October 2010"
Personal life.
Javier Orozco is the son of Luis Antonio Orozco who played in Atletico Tecoman and Irapuato FC in the 1980s and also is brother to Luis Orozco that plays for Club Tijuana who is also a striker.
Orozco is nicknamed "Chuletita", meaning "little pork-chop". The nickname "Chuletita" comes from his father,Luis Antonio Orozco, who earned the moniker "Chuleta" when he was six-years-old, by his father who would tell him "vete por las chuletas"—a Mexican slang saying which translates roughly to "go for the money".
Club career statistics.
As of 3 September 2012
References.
[http://www.concacaf.com/page/CL/NewsDetail/0,12813~2143034,00.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20105652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105652" title="Ethernet Ring Protection Switching">
Ethernet Ring Protection Switching

Ethernet Ring Protection Switching, or ERPS, is an effort at ITU-T under G.8032 Recommendation to provide sub-50ms protection and recovery switching for Ethernet traffic in a ring topology and at the same time ensuring that there are no loops formed at the Ethernet layer. G.8032v1 supported a single ring topology and G.8032v2 supports multiple rings/ladder topology.
Overview.
ERPS specifies protection switching mechanisms and a protocol for Ethernet layer network (ETH) rings. Ethernet Rings can provide wide-area multipoint connectivity more economically due to their reduced number of links. The mechanisms and protocol defined in this Recommendation achieve highly reliable and stable protection; and never form loops, which would fatally affect network operation and service availability.
Each Ethernet Ring Node is connected to adjacent Ethernet Ring Nodes participating in the same Ethernet Ring, using two independent links. A ring link is bounded by two adjacent Ethernet Ring Nodes, and a port for a ring link is called a ring port. The minimum number of Ethernet Ring Nodes in an Ethernet Ring is two.
The fundamentals of this ring protection switching architecture are:
a) The principle of loop avoidance.
b) The utilization of learning, forwarding, and Filtering Database (FDB) mechanisms defined in the Ethernet flow forwarding function (ETH_FF).
Loop avoidance in an Ethernet Ring is achieved by guaranteeing that, at any time, traffic may flow on all but one of the ring links. This particular link is called the Ring Protection Link (RPL), and under normal conditions this ring link is blocked, i.e. not used for service traffic. One designated Ethernet Ring Node, the RPL Owner Node, is responsible for blocking traffic at one end of the RPL.
Under an Ethernet ring failure condition, the RPL Owner Node is responsible for unblocking its end of the RPL (unless the RPL has failed) allowing the RPL to be used for traffic. The other Ethernet Ring
Node adjacent to the RPL, the RPL Neighbour Node, may also participate in blocking or unblocking its end of the RPL.
The event of an Ethernet Ring failure results in protection switching of the traffic. This is achieved under the control of the ETH_FF functions on all Ethernet Ring Nodes.
An APS protocol is used to coordinate the protection actions over the ring.
G.8032v2.
Version 2 of G.8032 introduced many additional features, such as:
Principle of operation.
G.8032v1.
In ERPS there is a central node called RPL Owner Node which blocks one of the ports to ensure that there is no loop formed for the Ethernet traffic. The link blocked by the RPL owner node is called the Ring Protection Link or RPL. The node at the other end of the RPL is known as RPL Neighbour Node. It uses R-APS control messages to coordinate the activities of switching on/off the RPL link.
Any failure along the ring triggers a R-APS(SF) "(R-APS signal fail)" message along both directions from the nodes adjacent to the failed link after these nodes have blocked the port facing the failed link. On obtaining this message, RPL owner unblocks the RPL port. (Note that a single link failure anywhere in the ring ensures a loop free topology.)
During the recovery phase when the failed link gets restored the nodes adjacent to the restored link send R-APS(NR) (R-APS no request) messages. On obtaining this message, the RPL owner block the RPL port and then sends a R-APS(NR,RB) (R-APS no request, root blocked) message. This will cause all other nodes other than RPL owner in the ring to unblock all the blocked ports.
This protocol is robust enough to work for unidirectional failure and multiple link failure scenarios in a ring topology. It includes a mechanism to "force switch (FS)" or "manual switch (MS)" which is used in field maintenance scenarios.

</doc>
<doc id="20105667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105667" title="Srirampur Colony">
Srirampur Colony

Srirampur Colony is a major suburb in Mancherial town in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is around 8 kilometers away from the Main town and around 250 kilometers from Hyderabad. The colony's primary industry is coal mining.
Colony great nature with forests and river Godavari. Forests are located near and surrounded mountainous region.
There are many gardens and agricultural fields around coal mines.(Bhupathi Srinivas Raju)

</doc>
<doc id="20105676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105676" title="Jōnetsu no Daishō/Escape">
Jōnetsu no Daishō/Escape

"Jōnetsu no Daishō/Escape" is the third single by the band Girl Next Door and it was released on November 19, 2008. This was the last single the band released before their first album "Girl Next Door". Jōnetsu no Daishō was the theme song for the Japanese television drama "Giragira" while "Escape" was used as the commercial song for Au's W65T phone.

</doc>
<doc id="20105695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105695" title="Tommy Sandt">
Tommy Sandt

Thomas James Sandt (born on December 22, 1950 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former Major League Baseball player and minor league manager. He graduated from Pacifica High School (Garden Grove, California) in West Garden Grove, CA in 1968 where he excelled as a varsity player.
An infielder, Sandt played for the Oakland Athletics in and . 
Sandt managed in teams in the Eastern League and Pacific Coast League from to .

</doc>
<doc id="20105699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105699" title="Barack Obama Supreme Court candidates">
Barack Obama Supreme Court candidates

President Barack Obama has made two successful appointments to the Supreme Court of the United States. The first was that of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Associate Justice David H. Souter. Sotomayor was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 6, 2009, by a vote of 68–31. The second appointment was that of Solicitor General Elena Kagan to replace John Paul Stevens. Kagan was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 5, 2010, 63–37. Speculation has also focused on the potential retirement of 80-year-old Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
Politics.
Obama opposition to Bush nominees.
During the 109th Congress, then-Senator Obama voted against both of President George W. Bush's nominees to the Supreme Court. In a speech announcing his opposition to John Roberts, Obama stated:
In explaining his opposition to Samuel Alito, Obama further evaluated the qualities he found important in a Supreme Court justice:
Obama comments during 2008 presidential campaign.
In a speech on July 17, 2007, before the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, he elaborated even more:
In November 2007, Obama was asked about the kind of justices he would appoint to the Supreme Court. He responded:
Later in March 2008, while on the campaign trail in Ohio, Obama again addressed the traits he would look for in a Supreme Court justice, suggesting he might leaven legal scholarship with practical political experience. He held up Earl Warren, a former governor of California who later became Chief Justice, as an example. Mr. Warren, he said, had had the wisdom to recognize that segregation was wrong less because of precise sociological effects and more so because it was immoral and stigmatized blacks:
Later, however, Obama seemed to step away from the example of Warren. In an interview with the editorial board of the "Detroit Free Press" on October 2, 2008, Obama said:
Instead, Obama mentioned then current justices David Souter and Stephen Breyer as examples of people he would like to nominate to the Supreme Court in the future:
In the third and final presidential debate with Republican nominee John McCain on October 15, 2008, Obama also implied that he would look for a Supreme Court nominee with previous judicial experience:
Court demographics.
Demographic considerations have played into the appointment of Supreme Court justices since the institution was established. Starting in the 20th century, these concerns shifted from geographic representation to issues of gender and ethnicity.
Prior to the 2008 presidential election, many court watchers suggested that the next president would be under significant pressure to appoint another woman or ethnic minority to the court. The case for naming more women was particularly widespread given the recent retirement of Sandra Day O'Connor and the rapidly changing demographics of the legal community, with women now accounting for about a fifth of all law partners and law school deans, a quarter of the federal bench, and nearly half of all law school graduates. Shortly before the election, for example, NPR reported, "Most observers of the Supreme Court agree about one thing: The next nominee is likely to be a woman". Furthermore, after Obama's presidential election victory, Hispanic legal interests groups such as the Hispanic National Bar Association began urging Obama to nominate a Hispanic justice.
Given the relative youth of the most recent Republican appointments, it was also noted that Democrats had, "a strong incentive to pick younger justices this time around". Age proved to be an important consideration for Obama, who was "looking for a justice who will be an intellectual force on the court for many years to come". As a result, Obama did not seriously consider candidates such as Jose Cabranes, Amalya Kearse, Diana Gribbon Motz, David Tatel, and Laurence Tribe, all of whom he respected but were older than 65 when Obama was looking to replace David Souter.
With the retirement announcement by Justice Stevens, some commentators directed focus on the religious make-up of the court. Upon Justice Stevens' retirement, the Court would lack a Protestant member, marking the first time in its history that it will be exclusively composed of Jewish and Catholic Justices.
Sonia Sotomayor nomination.
On May 26, 2009, Obama announced Second Circuit appeals court judge Sonia Sotomayor as his choice to replace retiring Associate Justice David H. Souter. Sotomayor's nomination was formally submitted to the United States Senate on June 1, 2009, when the 111th Congress reconvened after its Memorial Day recess. Sotomayor was confirmed by the Senate on August 6, 2009, by a vote of 68–31, and was sworn in as an Associate Justice on August 8, 2009.
David Souter retirement.
Long before the election of President Obama, Associate Justice David H. Souter had expressed a desire to leave Washington, D.C., and return to his native New Hampshire. The election of a Democratic president in 2008 made Souter more inclined to retire, but he did not want to create a situation in which there would be multiple vacancies at once. Souter apparently became satisfied that no other justices planned to retire at the end of the Supreme Court's term in June 2009. As a result, in mid-April 2009 he privately notified the White House of his intent to retire from the Supreme Court at the conclusion of its business for that term. Souter formally submitted a resignation letter to Obama on May 1, who later that day made an unscheduled appearance during the daily White House press briefing to publicly announce Souter's retirement.
Short list.
Obama began the process of identifying potential Supreme Court nominees shortly after his election in 2008, before a Supreme Court vacancy was actually known. White House Counsel Greg Craig helped assemble an early list of possible names. Once the White House had learned of Souter's plans to retire, two members of the Vice President's staff, Chief of Staff Ron Klain and Counsel Cynthia Hogan, ran the daily operations of the selection process.
Within a week of Souter's announcement the White House had formalized its short list of candidates to replace Souter, with Judge Sonia Sotomayor of the Second Circuit, Judge Diane Pamela Wood of the Seventh Circuit, and Solicitor General Elena Kagan reportedly leading contenders for the nomination. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, California Supreme Court Justice Carlos Moreno, and Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm were also reportedly on the short list of candidates under serious consideration by the White House. Chief Justice Leah Ward Sears of the Georgia Supreme Court, Judge Merrick B. Garland of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and Judge Ruben Castillo of the Federal District Court for the Northern District in Illinois were also on the final list of nine candidates.
Interviews.
Obama had not interviewed any of the candidates before May 18, but that week saw a flurry of activity and speculation surrounding possible interviews of candidates. Jennifer Granholm attended a CAFE standards meeting at the White House on May 19 and spoke with Obama, but officials would not comment on whether the two discussed a potential court appointment. On May 20, Diane Wood and Elena Kagan attended a conference on judicial independence at Georgetown University hosted by retired Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. Ultimately, Obama winnowed his list to four individuals, all of them women: Sotomayor, Wood, Kagan, and Napolitano. Obama conducted hour-long one-on-one interviews with the four finalists, meeting with Wood and Kagan on May 19, and Sotomayor and Napolitano on May 21. Vice President Joe Biden also interviewed the four finalists.
Obama telephoned Judge Sotomayor at 9 pm EST on May 25 to alert her that she was his choice. Later that night, he called the other three finalists and informed them of his decision. Obama announced the nomination the next morning in the East Room of the White House in a press conference alongside Sotomayor and Joe Biden.
Elena Kagan nomination.
On May 10, 2010, Obama nominated Elena Kagan, the Solicitor General of the United States, to replace retiring Associate Justice John Paul Stevens.
John Paul Stevens retirement.
On April 9, 2010, Associate Justice John Paul Stevens announced that he would retire at the conclusion of the Supreme Court's term in June 2010. This announcement had been widely anticipated since September 2009 when Stevens confirmed that he had hired only a single law clerk for the Supreme Court term beginning in October 2010. (Full-time associate justices are allowed up to four law clerks while retired justices have only one.)
Short list.
Before the announcement, the White House had been preparing for another possible Supreme Court vacancy, with White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs responding to speculation about a possible Stevens retirement by saying "We'll be ready." After Stevens announced his retirement, an anonymous White House official said that about ten people were under consideration. The leading contenders to replace Stevens were said to include Seventh Circuit Judge Diane Pamela Wood and Solicitor General Elena Kagan, both of whom were interviewed for the David Souter vacancy, and D.C. Circuit Judge Merrick B. Garland, who was also considered for the Souter vacancy. Others mentioned include Ninth Circuit Judge Sidney Runyan Thomas, former Georgia Chief Justice Leah Ward Sears, Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano.
Interviews.
Early in April 2010, Obama conducted a White House interview with Merrick Garland. On April 29, 2010, Obama and Vice President Joe Biden each met separately with Sidney Thomas at the White House to discuss the vacancy. Elena Kagan was interviewed the following day, and Diane Wood the following week on May 4.
Names mentioned.
Following is a list of individuals who have been mentioned in various news accounts as the most likely potential nominees for a Supreme Court appointment under Obama:

</doc>
<doc id="20105705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105705" title="Michael Lynch (philosopher)">
Michael Lynch (philosopher)

Michael P. Lynch is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Connecticut and Associate Fellow at both the Arché Centre for Logic, Language, Metaphysics, and Epistemology at the University of St. Andrews and the Northern Institute of Philosophy at the University of Aberdeen. He is the author of "Truth in Context" (MIT Press, 1998), "True to Life" (MIT Press, 2004), "Truth as One and Many" (OUP, 2009), and "In Praise of Reason" (MIT, 2012) as well as many professional philosophical articles. He was editor of the volume "The Nature of Truth: Classic and Contemporary Perspectives" (Bradford Books, 2001), co-editor with Professor Heather Battaly of the volume "Perspectives on the Philosophy of William P. Alston" (Rowman & Littlefield, 2005), as well as co-editor with Professor Patrick Greenough of the volume "Truth and Realism" (OUP, 2006). He is also a contributor to the New York Times philosophy editorial blog The Stone.
Lynch is most well known for his pluralist theory of truth. He holds that truth is a functional property, i.e. that it is characterized by a particular function that can be realized in many different ways. For instance, some truths might realize truth's function by corresponding to reality while others might do so by cohering with a larger set of propositions. His work on the value of truth has also attracted attention, including critical reactions from philosophers ranging from Marian David to Richard Rorty. 

</doc>
<doc id="20105712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105712" title="Nishikie Edosugata Hatamoto to Machiyakko">
Nishikie Edosugata Hatamoto to Machiyakko


</doc>
<doc id="20105720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105720" title="Brandon Hamilton">
Brandon Hamilton

Brandon Hamilton (born March 5, 1972 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a former cornerback who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="20105723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105723" title="Grevillea georgeana">
Grevillea georgeana

Grevillea georgeana is a shrub in the family Proteaceae. It is endemic to Western Australia, occurring in ranges between Koolyanobbing and Diemals. 
It usually grows to between 1 and 2.5 metres in height and has a peak flowering period between July and October (mid winter to mid spring) in its native range.
The flowers are red with a white limb or occasionally completely yellow-cream. The deeply divided leaves are usually 3 to 7 cm long.
The species was first formally described by Donald McGillivray in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20105725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105725" title="The Crimson Labyrinth">
The Crimson Labyrinth

Plot summary.
The main protagonist, Fujiki awakes to find himself in a strange desert landscape suffering from amnesia. His only clue is a small generic hand held game console "Pocket Game Kids," which informs him that he is now the unwilling participant in a game called "The Mars Labyrinth" and must head for the "1st checkpoint." While attempting to recall the foggy circumstances surrounding his arrival in the mysterious landscape he comes upon a woman named Ai. Since her machine is broken they decide to cooperate in order to reach the first checkpoint. 
Upon their arrival, they meet seven additional players who also possess the game machines. The game's instructions are divided among all the players to ensure initial cooperation. The nine players discover that there are seven total checkpoints. The second checkpoint is divided in to four possible choices: North for information, East for survival items, South for food, and West for self-defense items. The players divide up and agree to reconvene in order to divide up the items. Ai suggests to Fujiki that they choose "North." Upon reaching the checkpoint they are given additional game software which includes survival tips and explains that the game is set in the Bungle Bungles of Australia. 
Once the players reunite it becomes apparent that they have all chosen to act selfishly and hold out on each other so Fujiki decides not to share all of their new found information. The following day everyone parts company but Fujiki and Ai decide to remain as a team and focus on honing their survival skills.
It eventually becomes apparent that the initial directions chosen by the players determines their roles in the game.
Fujiki eventually discovers that the entire game is constructed in the manner of a gamebook and that the nefarious purpose of their captors is to pit the players into a bloody contest against each other in order to create an elaborate snuff film from which only one is permitted to emerge alive.
Characters.
The main protagonist is a disillusioned salaryman. He awakes inside the labyrinth suffering from amnesia. 
Ai is an erotic manga artist who befriends Fujiki early in the story.
An older gentleman who seems to favor cooperation among the players.
An irritable personality and the only other female among the players besides Ai.
For all his tough talk, he pairs up with Seno acting as his lackey.
A former school teacher.
A temp worker. He partners with Tsurumi.
The largest and strongest member of the group. He teams up with Funaoka, utilizing him as a sidekick.
Naramoto's partner.

</doc>
<doc id="20105740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105740" title="Morane-Saulnier H">
Morane-Saulnier H

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier H was a sport aircraft produced in France in the years before the First World War, a single-seat derivative of the successful Morane-Saulnier G with a slightly reduced wingspan Like the Type G, it was a successful sporting and racing aircraft.
Operational history.
During the second international aero meet, held at Wiener Neustadt in June 1913, Roland Garros won the precision landing prize in a Type H. Later that same year, A Morane-Saulnier H was used to complete the first non-stop flight across the Mediterranean, from Fréjus in the south of France to Bizerte in Tunisia.
The French Army ordered a batch of 26 aircraft, and the British Royal Flying Corps also acquired a small number, these latter machines purchased from Grahame-White, who was manufacturing the type in the UK under licence. The French machines saw limited service in the opening stages of World War I, with pilots engaging in aerial combat using revolvers and carbines.
The type was also produced under licence in Germany by Pfalz Flugzeugwerke, who built it as the E.I, E.II, E.IV, E.V, and E.VI, with increasingly powerful engines. These were armed with a single, synchronised lMG 08 machine gun.
Another German-built version, slightly longer, and featuring a steel-framed fuselage, a redesigned undercarriage integrated with the under-wing bracing pylons, and an enlarged, comma shaped rudder, entered production as the Fokker M.5. In 1915 this aircraft was fitted with a synchronised machine gun, forming the basis for the Fokker "Eindecker" monoplane fighters.
Survivors.
A Type H is preserved at the Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace in Le Bourget.

</doc>
<doc id="20105741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105741" title="Brugmans">
Brugmans

Brugmans is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20105745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105745" title="Alstom Metropolis C830">
Alstom Metropolis C830

The Alstom Metropolis C830 trains are the second generation of communication-based train control (CBTC) rolling stock to be used in Singapore’s Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) lines. Alstom was contracted in 2000 (as part of turnkey contract Contract C830) by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) in Singapore to supply the trains for the Circle Line.
Overview.
Despite being similar to the fully underground North East Line, the decision was made to power the three-car trains along the Circle Line by third rail instead of overhead catenary. 40 trainsets of three cars each were purchased for the Circle Line. LTA says that they will be adding 24 new trains to the Circle Line by 2015.
These cars, although similar to their counterparts running on the North East Line, do not feature LCD in each car. Also, the front of the train features an extra window cut into the emergency exit door, something lacking in the C751A trains. In addition, due to its driverless configuration, there are windows at the front and back of the train, giving passengers a view of the tunnel as the train speeds through.
Safety systems.
The automated system version, previously known as “moving block systems”, CBTC systems do not require traditional "fixed-block track circuits" for determining train position. Instead, they rely on "continuous two-way digital communication" between each controlled train and a wayside control center, which may control an area of a railroad line, a complete line, or a group of lines. Recent studies consistently show that CBTC systems reduce life-cycle costs for the overall rail property and enhance operational flexibility and control.
Additional features.
Car 8042 has extra grabpoles installed as an effort by LTA to encourage more commuters to move towards the center of the car. In 2013, more hand grips are added to the support bars of the seats on the ceiling in addition to those in the middle progressively.
Serial number.
Individual cars are given a four-digit serial number by the rail operator, SMRT Trains.

</doc>
<doc id="20105747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105747" title="Alstom Metropolis C751A">
Alstom Metropolis C751A

The Alstom Metropolis C751A trains are the first generation of communication-based train control (CBTC) rolling stock that has been in use in Singapore’s Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) lines since 2003. Alstom was contracted in 1997 and 1998 (as Contract C751A) by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) in Singapore to supply for its North East Line in 2003.
Overview.
A development in Singapore's MRT history, the six-car trains on the North East Line are powered by overhead catenary, in contrast to the train cars on all the other operating lines prior to this, which are powered by a third rail. This was partially because authorities consider overhead wires to be unsightly and it does not allow for trains to be powered using this method on elevated lines. Since this line is the first to be fully underground in Singapore, the authorities had a choice between powering the trains on this line by overhead catenary or third rail. An overhead catenary power supply was decided upon. This is also the first time in Singapore's MRT history that the seats in every compartment of the train are made up of the same colours. 25 trainsets of six cars each were purchased for the North East Line. In addition, due to its driverless configuration, it is a unique type of train where there are windows at the front and back of the train, giving passengers an impressive view as the train speeds through the tunnel. LTA says that they are adding 18 new trains instead of 12 trains for the North East Line.
Safety systems.
The automated system version, previously known as “moving block systems”, CBTC systems do not require traditional "fixed-block track circuits" for determining train position. Instead, they rely on "continuous two-way digital communication" between each controlled train and a wayside control center, which may control an area of a railroad line, a complete line, or a group of lines. Recent studies consistently show that CBTC systems reduce life-cycle costs for the overall rail property and enhance operational flexibility and control.
Serial number.
Individual cars are given a five-digit serial number by the rail operator, SBS Transit. The car numbers of the trains range from 7x001 to 7x050, where x depends on the carriage type. To avoid confusion with the serial numbers of Kawasaki Heavy Industries C151 trains, which this number scheme follows, a 7 will be placed together with the other 4 digits.

</doc>
<doc id="20105750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105750" title="Leatop Plaza">
Leatop Plaza

Leatop Plaza (; ) is a 66-storey, late-modernist supertall skyscraper in Guangzhou, China. The office tower has a floor pitch of . Construction of the glass and steel-building is completed in 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20105755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105755" title="Manitoba Provincial Judges Association">
Manitoba Provincial Judges Association

The Manitoba Provincial Judges Association is an organization that represents the interests of provincial judges in Manitoba, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20105761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105761" title="Jay Ward (baseball)">
Jay Ward (baseball)

John Francis "Jay" Ward (September 9, 1938 – February 24, 2012) was a Major League Baseball player and coach. He was also a manager in the minor leagues.
Early life.
Jay Ward was born on September 9, 1948 in Brookfield, Missouri to John and Francis Ward. He graduated from Highland High School in Highland, Illinois in 1956.
Playing career.
Ward signed with the New York Yankees in . In his first professional season with the Kearney Yankees of the Nebraska State League, Ward batted .331 with seven home runs and earned All-League honors. Two of those seven home runs were grand slams hit in consecutive innings on August 17. 
He was plucked from the Yankees' farm system in the minor league draft by the Kansas City Athletics. It was as a member of their organization that Ward put together his finest minor league season. As a member of the Southern Association's Shreveport Sports in , Ward batted .257 with 22 home runs and 84 runs batted in.
At the winter meetings, he was dealt to the Los Angeles Dodgers with Stan Johnson and Bobby Prescott for Bill Lajoie and Gordie Windhorn. Though Johnson and Prescott both had major league experience, only Ward and Windhorn would ever make a major league appearance after this deal. Midway through his first season in the Dodgers organization, he was dealt to the Minnesota Twins for Bert Cueto.
A spring training injury to starting third baseman Rich Rollins opened the door for Ward to join the Twins early in the season. His first major league hit was a two-run double off Orlando Pena to lead the Twins to a 2-0 victory over Kansas City. It would be his only hit of the season, and he would be returned to the Dallas-Fort Worth Rangers in mid-June.
He would return to the Twins as a September call-up the following season, and batted .226 in 12 games.
It would be six more years before Ward would return to the majors. After a brief stint with the Nippon Professional Baseball league's Chunichi Dragons in , and a season in the Cleveland Indians' farm system, Ward returned to the majors in as a member of the Cincinnati Reds. In five plate appearances, he drew two walks, but did not get a hit.
Coaching.
After one more season in the Kansas City Royals organization, Ward pulled the plug on his playing career and returned to the Minnesota Twins organization as manager of their Midwest League affiliate, the Wisconsin Rapids Twins. He managed the team to a 70-56 record, but decided to leave baseball for a while, and moved back to his home state, Missouri. When he returned to baseball, he joined the Philadelphia Phillies organization to manage their Northwest League affiliate, the Bend Phillies, in and the Spartanburg Suns in .
He returned to the Cincinnati Reds organization in to manage the Cedar Rapids Reds. A year later, he managed the Vermont Reds to the Eastern League championship. Following the season, Lou Piniella brought him back to the majors and the organization he started with, naming him hitting coach for the New York Yankees. The Yankees batted .262, down from .271 the previous season, and after just one season with the Yankees, he was replaced by Chris Chambliss.
Ward returned to minor league managing in and . He became the Montreal Expos' minor league hitting coordinator in , and was made their major leagues hitting coach during the season.
Later life.
He retired to Troy, Montana with his wife Lynn where he enjoyed hunting and fishing. He died at age 73 on February 24, 2012. Survivors included his wife Lynn; three daughters and one son and their spouses; nine grandchildren; and one great-grandchild. He was preceded in death by one grandchild. 

</doc>
<doc id="20105764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105764" title="Jim Reid (Canadian football)">
Jim Reid (Canadian football)

Jim Reid is a former Canadian football fullback who played in the Canadian Football League for most of his career with the Ottawa Rough Riders.
Reid played football at Wilfred Laurier University where he won the Peter Gorman Trophy as Rookie of the Year. Reid was part of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats' territorial exemption in the 1979 CFL draft. He did not play the full 1979 season as a result of knee surgery. Because of the knee injury, Hamilton traded Reid along with Bill Banks to Ottawa in exchange for Ray Honey.

</doc>
<doc id="20105779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105779" title="Retirement slump">
Retirement slump

Retirement slump refers to the average falloff in the party’s vote when the incumbent retires. A positive value of the sophomore surge represents an incumbency advantage. The retirement slump should be positive for an incumbency advantage to exist.
Sophomore surge is the average vote gain for freshman winners in election 1 who run again in election 2. Retirement slump is the average vote loss for the parties whose candidates won election 1 and did not run in election 2.
When a Sophomore surge and a Retirement slump combine, it is what is called a slurge.

</doc>
<doc id="20105797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105797" title="Dokuro (film)">
Dokuro (film)


</doc>
<doc id="20105821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105821" title="Roger Reinson">
Roger Reinson

Roger Reinson (born April 19, 1969 in Melville, Saskatchewan) is a former Canadian Football League linebacker who played six seasons for the Calgary Stampeders.
Roger Reinson played a major role as a long snapper in the CFL from 1994 till 2005 with the Calgary Stampeders, Edmonton Eskimos and the BC Lions. Reinson played in six Grey Cups and won four with all three teams he played. He played a Grey Cup in every CFL city in Western Canada.
A native of Regina, Reinson works as a police officer in Calgary now that he retired from football.

</doc>
<doc id="20105879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105879" title="Amy Jacot Guillarmod">
Amy Jacot Guillarmod

Amy Frances May Gordon Jacot Guillarmod (née Hean) (23 May 1911 Hillcrest, KwaZulu-Natal – 1992), was a South African botanist and limnologist, noted for her work on the flora of Basutoland and some 200 publications, including numerous papers on wetlands, bogs and sponges.
She matriculated at the Durban Girls' High School, leaving for Edinburgh shortly after.
Jacot Guillarmod was awarded an MA in English and History at the University of St Andrews, but inspired by D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson, switched interests and started an MSc degree in Botany and Zoology at the same university. On her return to South Africa, she taught briefly in Durban and was then appointed plant pathologist in the "Division of Botany and Plant Pathology" of the Department of Agriculture in Pretoria. Her first papers dealt with the viral diseases of tobacco and other crops.
She spent the years between 1940 and 1957 in Basutoland. In 1956/7 she became Head of the Botany Department of the Pius XII College in Roma.
In 1958 she and her family moved to Grahamstown when she took up an appointment as lecturer in the Botany Department of Rhodes University. Her links with Basutoland were not forgotten, and in 1967 she received a DSc from the University of St Andrews for her research on the flora of Basutoland.
She is commemorated in "Merxmuellera guillarmodiae" Conert, "Navicula jacotiae" F.R. Schoeman, "Pinnularia guillarmodiae" F.R. Schoeman and a number of other organisms. Volume 50, part 1 (1988) of The Flowering Plants of Africa was dedicated to her. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Jacot Guill. when citing a botanical name. Her specimens number some 10 000 and are mainly from Lesotho and the Eastern Cape, housed at PREM, PRE, RUH, GRA, MASE, K and MO.
Personal notes.
During her stay in Pretoria in the 1930s when working for the Department of Agriculture, she found time to play hockey, and represented Northern Transvaal. During the same period she met a fellow employee and her future husband, the entomologist Charles Frédéric Jacot-Guillarmod (1912–1979), who later became curator of the Albany Museum. She shared Linnaeus's birthday and was noted for a joint annual celebration. Despite the other members of her family hyphenating their name, she insisted on not doing so.

</doc>
<doc id="20105998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20105998" title="Yusuke Kishi">
Yusuke Kishi

Biography.
He graduated from Kyoto University with a degree in Economics. After working for a life insurance company for several years, Kishi started his writing career as a freelancer. He has twice won the Japan Horror Novel Award, and boasts bestselling status in Japan with multiple works adapted to the screen. "The Crimson Labyrinth" marks his American debut.
Bibliography.
Kei Enomoto series.
Kei Enomoto, a locksmith, solves locked room mysteries.

</doc>
<doc id="20106003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106003" title="The Windsor Times">
The Windsor Times

The Windsor Times is a weekly paper covering the town of Windsor in Sonoma County, California. The paper is owned by Sonoma West Publishers, a group that owns the Windsor Times, Healdsburg Tribune and Sonoma West News and Times. As part of the Sonoma West group, the Windsor Times has won numerous awards from the California Newspaper Publishers Association including awards for environmental writing, business writing, photography and Times writers contribute the company wide Harvest Section which has won its category four years in a row.
The paper is owned by Rollie Atkinson, a longtime journalist who purchased the News and Times and Tribune from Lesher Communications. The Windsor Times began as an insert to the Healdsburg Tribune and spun off into its own paper in 1986. The paper has a paid circulation of approximately 3,500 and operates a website The Windsor Times. Matthew Hall is the paper's editor and The Windsor Times shares a reporting staff with its sister publications.
After spending several years in joint offices, the paper is now located at 9025 Old Redwood Highway, Windsor, CA, 95492.

</doc>
<doc id="20106005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106005" title="David Burke (botanist)">
David Burke (botanist)

David Burke (1854 – 11 April 1897) was one of the most widely travelled plant collectors, who was sent by James Veitch & Sons to collect plants in British Guiana, Burma and Colombia. In his later life, Burke became rather eccentric, preferring the privations of life away from his native England.
Plant hunter.
Burke was born in Kent and joined Veitch as a gardener at Chelsea, London. In 1880, after expressing a desire to travel, he was asked to accompany Charles Curtis on a trial trip to Borneo, where they were instructed by Harry Veitch to collect specimens of "Nepenthes northiana"; the search for the elusive pitcher plant was unsuccessful, but the pair discovered many other species, including many interesting stove (hot-house) plants, palms, and orchids. At the end of the trip, Burke returned to England with the collection of plants, including large consignments of slipper orchids, "Paphiopedilum stonei" and "P. lowii", as well as many Vandas, Rhododendrons, and the beautiful Stove-foliage plant, "Leea amabilis".
In 1881, Burke was sent to British Guiana, where he re-discovered the insectivorous plant "Heliamphora nutans", which had not been seen since its discovery on Mount Roraima by the two brothers Robert and Richard Schomburgk in 1839, and successfully introduced it to England. Amongst orchids he introduced from British Guiana were the rare "Zygopetalum burkei" (named after him) and "Phragmipedium lindleyanum"; from that trip he also sent the stove-house plant "Amasonia punicea".
Two years later, Burke visited the Philippines with instructions to search for "Phalaenopsis"; amongst those he introduced were "Phalaenopsis mariae" (previously discovered by Frederick William Burbidge in the Sulu Archipelago in 1878), which Burke located on the hills near the south-east coast of the island of Mindanao. On Mindanao, he also discovered "Phaius philippinensis" on the slopes of the hills at 3,000-4,000 ft. elevation; this was interesting as being the first species of the genus "Phaius" to be discovered in the Philippines. 
In the Philippines, he also discovered and introduced "Nepenthes burkei", a species of pitcher plant which was named after him, and "Dendrobium taurinum", which he found on Ambon Island.
He subsequently visited New Guinea (twice), from where he introduced "Cirrhopetalum robustum" and "Coelogyne veitchii" as well as returning to Burma to search for orchids. During the years 1894 to 1896 he made three trips to Colombia to search for "Cattleya mendelii", "C. schroedera", "C. trianae" and "Odontoglossum crispum." On the last trip, he also introduced "Marattia burkei", although his notes did not record the locality.
Death and obituary.
In 1896, having spent a short time in England, Burke embarked on what was to be his final voyage, to the Celebes Islands and the Moluccas. Prior to his departure, he stated: ""I’m off again and if I make a good meal for someone I hope I shall give full satisfaction."" On 11 April 1897, he died on Ambon Island. The circumstances of his death were reported back to England by a German commercial traveller. 
According to "Hortus Veitchii", ""This traveller (Burke) crossed a greater area of the earth's surface and covered more miles in search of plants than any other Veitchian collector, with the possible exception of the two brothers William and Thomas Lobb."" In her biography of the Veitch family, Sue Shephard describes Burke as Harry Veitch's ""strangest, longest–serving and most adventurous orchid collector"".

</doc>
<doc id="20106022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106022" title="Appalachian Technical College">
Appalachian Technical College

Appalachian Technical College was a technical college within the Technical College System of Georgia. Its main campus was in Jasper, and its satellite campus was in Woodstock. The Fannin campus at Epworth (on Georgia 5 northwest of Blue Ridge and south of McCaysville) was previously closed.
Appalachian Tech started as Pickens Area Vocational-Technical School with 22 staff members and nine areas of study on August 14, 1967. In 1988, the college became a part of Georgia Department of Technical and Adult Education, and the name was changed to Pickens Technical Institute. In 1999, it was given its current name effective July 1, for being in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, end expanding into nearby counties in Georgia. Appalachian Tech eventually offered over 50 associate degree, diploma, and technical certification programs.
Beginning with summer quarter 2009, the school fully merged into Chattahoochee Technical College along with North Metro Technical College on July 1 (the first day of fiscal year 2010), for a total of eight campuses. It remains the Appalachian Campus of Chattahoochee Technical College

</doc>
<doc id="20106026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106026" title="George Karsten">
George Karsten

George Karsten (3 November 1863 – 7 May 1937) was a German botanist born in Rostock.
In 1885 he earned his doctorate from the University of Strasbourg, and in 1892 received his habilitation in botany at the University of Leipzig. In 1909 he became a professor at the University of Halle and was appointed director of the botanical garden.
With Heinrich Schenck (1860-1927), he was editor of a popular journal of botany called "Vegetationsbilder". Karsten is remembered for his studies of phytoplankton, and among his written works are publications on phytoplankton collected from the deep-sea Valdivia Expedition of 1898-99:

</doc>
<doc id="20106043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106043" title="Edward McMichael">
Edward McMichael

Edward Scott McMichael (March 15, 1955 – November 3, 2008), also known as the Tuba Man, was an American tubist who became well known in Seattle for busking outside of the city's various sports and performing arts venues during the 1990s and 2000s. McMichael played outside the Kingdome, KeyArena, McCaw Hall, Safeco Field, and Qwest Field, among other venues.
McMichael was known for playing songs appropriate for the climate of the venue where he was playing, such as "Happy Days Are Here Again" during the Seattle Mariners' successful 1995 season; for adapting mainstream rock and roll songs to the tuba; and for wearing funny, often colorful hats while he played.
Early life.
McMichael graduated in the mid-1970s from King's Garden High School. He played in the band at North Seattle Community College, and in the Seattle Youth Symphony. He also played in the Bellevue Philharmonic, Everett Symphony and Cascade Symphony. A Seattle Youth Symphony scholarship will be established in McMichael's name.
Death.
According to police, on October 25, 2008, a group of youths beat and robbed McMichael near Seattle Center just after midnight. The attackers punched and kicked McMichael as he lay on the ground in the fetal position. He was treated at a hospital, but died November 3.
"Seattle Post-Intelligencer" columnist Robert Jamieson wrote a front page story about McMichael's life and death, while KOMO 1000 commentators Ken Schram and John Carlson interrupted 2008 election coverage to organize a memorial fund for McMichael. Seattle Seahawks officials helped to organize a November 12, 2008 public memorial at Qwest Field Events Center that was attended by 1,500 people.
The webmaster of "The Tuba Man" website created and maintains this site in honor of McMichael's memory. It celebrates the legacy of his music, and also has links to related local events. Terry Henderson, local organizer of the April 14, 2009 Safeco Field event, offered locals an opportunity to get involved.
Perpetrators.
Three teenagers were sentenced to detention in connection with the death of McMichael. One was sentenced to serve up to 36 weeks, and the other two were sentenced to serve up to 72 weeks, including the time already spent in custody (about 24 weeks). The two other suspects have not been found and their whereabouts are unknown. In regard to the two at-large suspects, the Seattle Police Department's morning press release stated: "Unfortunately, the only description that we have is that the suspects were black males in their mid-teens."
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20106049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106049" title="Mike Richardson (Canadian football)">
Mike Richardson (Canadian football)

Michael Richardson (born October 13, 1969 in Natchez, Mississippi) is a Canadian football player. He attended Louisiana Tech in 1987 until 1991. In 1990 he was named Most Valuable Player in the Independence Bowl. A year later, he was signed as a free agent with the New York Giants. In 1992, he was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and quickly became a star in the Canadian Football League. Michael Richardson was an exceptional running back who played five seasons with the CFL for two different teams. In 1992, his first year with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers he rushed for 1,100 yards in only 11 games, and had one of the best playoff performances in history with 27 carries for 227 yards and two touchdowns. He was named Rookie of the Year that season. Michael Richardson also was named CFL Player of the week five times in 1992 and was a huge contributor to helping his team get to the Grey Cup that year. 
In 1993, Michael Richardson won his second consecutive rushing title in the CFL. He was named CFL player of the week three times that year. He also helped his team go to the Grey Cup for the second year in a row.
In 1994 Michael Richardson signed as a free agent with the Ottawa Rough Riders and started the season off leading the CFL in rushing yards before suffering a severe torn quadriceps which sidelined him for 8 games that season. However, after healing from his injury Michael Richardson came back to finish the season. He stayed with the Ottawa Rough Riders the following year but in 1996 returned to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Michael Richardson is still, to this day, one of the all time team leaders in rushing yards with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Unlike many other American's who come to Canada to play in the CFL, Michael Richardson fell in love with Winnipeg and decided to remain. He is married, has children and still remains involved in football in Winnipeg.

</doc>
<doc id="20106071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106071" title="Skovkloster Abbey">
Skovkloster Abbey

St. Peders Kloster, later called Skovkloster, was an important early Benedictine house at Næstved, Denmark.
History.
St. Peders Priory, later Skovkloster, was founded by the powerful noble, Peder Bodilsen, his mother, Bodil, and his brothers, Henning and Jørgen with several donations (Danish:gavebrev) in 1135. Among them they gave town lands and many other farms scattered across Zealand and Falster. Archbishop Eskild, who was a personal friend of Bernard of Clairvaux, was enthusiastic about the establishment of a religious house at Naestved. Skovkloster's royal charter from Erik Lam in 1140 is the oldest still in existence for any monastic house in Denmark. The original monastery and church lay inside the town on the main square of Great Naestved but no trace of it remains. The small original church was constructed out of granite in Romanesque style without a tower. A second church across town was constructed of granite, dedicated to St. Morten a few decades later which also belonged to St. Peders. The archives of St Peders have been remarkably preserved at Herlufsholm. Among other documents is the most complete account ledger for any monastic house in Denmark. These documents provide insight not only into the daily workings of St. Peders, but other houses as well. The National Library has in its collection the Naestved Annals (Danish:Årbogen) as well as lists of benefactors and an obituary book (Danish: dødebog).
The establishment of St. Peders put Naestved on the map; there had been two small villages, Great Naestved and Little Naestved, on the banks of the Suså since Viking times. They grew together grew into the third largest town in Denmark and the largest on Zealand through trade. It was a logical place to offload goods and passengers going into or out of Zealand.
The monks built a Romanesque church in Naestved called 'St. Peders' which was a simple single nave building without a tower completed by 1200. St. Morten's church was rebuilt on its present location in the mid-13th century. Naestved was a good location for additional houses; the Franciscans arrived about 1240 and the Dominicans established a house at Naestved before 1266. The prior of St Peder's was also the lord of the city, and the market fees were paid directly to the monastery for the maintenance of the house and its operations. Even today the city's coat of arms has the keys of St. Peter on it as a reminder of the city's origins.
St. Peter's was moved 2 kilometers outside Naestved about 1200 where the monks built a new and larger complex with its own church (Herlufsholm Kirke) and ranges for dormitories, lay brothers, a hospital, refectory making it one of the larger Benedictine religious houses in Denmark. The name change to 'Forest Abbey' (Danish:Skovkloster) reflects the change in location. Skovkloster became an abbey under the Bishop of Roskilde by order of the Curia in Rome. A fire in 1261 destroyed the complex which was rebuilt in Gothic style. By that time it had already come into possession of more than 100 income properties in Zealand, Skåne, and Falster. Bishops and kings also extended privileges or rent rights to several special incomes. Several abbots are remembered. Abbot Mathias who died in 1419 was praised for his care of the monks for 28 years and for improving some of the buildings which had fallen into disrepair. Abbot Jens caused trouble in the abbey when he implemented reforms for a stricter rule, some of the monks rebelled. 
In the 1400'a
Naestved became an important port for the Hanseatic League which brought the town to its economic height. The city's wealth also brought the establishment of a Dominican house for nuns at Gavnø in 1390. The monastery experienced difficulty in keeping enough lay brothers to do the field work on the many farms which supported the Benedictines. The monks eventually had to split their time between farm work and prayers.
St Peders church was expanded and completely rebuilt by 1375 in the Gothic style out of brick, the most common building material of the age. It has an unusually wide nave and remains a fine example of Danish Gothic architecture. In 1500 a tower was added to St Peders, slightly off-kilter from the rest of the church which wasn't corrected until the major restoration of the church in the 1880s. St Peders Church reached its existing form.
Dissolution.
The early 16th century were turbulent as Denmark struggled over whether its religious loyalty lay with the Roman Catholic Church or a Protestant church controlled by the rulers of Denmark. With its Hanseatic ties, Naestved's loyalties lay with imprisoned Christian II, Denmark's last Catholic king and his agent, Count Christoffer. As early as 1527 the Franciscan houses in Denmark were forced to close, often violently. The Franciscan Friary at Naestved was the location of refuge for many of the homeless friars. Friar Rasmus Olsen and Friar Jacob took down eyewitness accounts of the various expulsions of the Franciscans which were collected and published long after under the title, 'Chronicle of the Expulsion of the Grayfriars' (Danish: Udjagelse af Gråbrødrenes fra Danmark). The Franciscans were hounded from their monastery in 1532. Open civil war called the 'Count's Feud' broke out between Prince Christian, soon to be Christian III of Denmark and Count Christoffer. Less than two years later Christian III was firmly in control of all of Denmark including Skåne.
Denmark became officially Lutheran in October 1536 and all monastic houses and their property became crown property. In an unusual move the monks at Skovkloster were permitted to remain in the abbey which passed to the Lutheran superintendent, later Bishop of Aarhus, Ove Bille in 1537. The last abbot, Christoffer Hansen, handed the keys of the abbey complex over to Oluf Trolle in 1559 as the monks were forced from the abbey. He was one of Frederik II's advisors and a national naval hero. Herluf Trolle owned a huge estate at Hillerød in north Zealand called Hillerødsholm and was persuaded by the king to trade that estate for Skovkloster. Trolle agreed and moved to what he renamed Herlufsholm (Danish: Herluf's Island) about 1560. The king promptly began building Frederiksborg Palace. Herluf Trolle converted the abbey into a manor house and estate. He died in 1565 and his wife, Birgitte Mogensdatter Gøye, who was childless, founded Herlufsholm Boarding School for 'youths of noble and honorable heritage'. She died in 1574. They were buried in Herlufsholm Church.
There is an interesting legend about Lady Gøje's posthumous desire to see the school established. After her death, the family attempted to wrest control of the estate from the school. They were summoned to Copenhagen to produce the letter of gift establishing the school. The family was unable to produce it, to their embarrassment. But it threw the ownership of the estate into confusion. Lady Goje appeared to the pastor in charge of the school the night before he was to leave for Copenhagen to try to prove the school's right to retain the property. She appeared to him and went to a large table where she repeatedly struck one of the legs and then vanished. The next morning the pastor went to the table and found a secret compartment containing the Goje's letter of gift leaving Herlufsholm to the school, thereby securing its future.
Later History.
Herlufsholm Boarding School () was established by the Trolle's and properties attached to the deed ensured it was adequately funded. However, the descendants of Herlufsholm weren't as enthusiastic about the loss of such a magnificent and valuable property to the school. Children served as governors of the school, which was established for 42 students.
In the 1870s a major reconstruction of the school was undertaken. All of the remaining monastery buildings were demolished, only the cellar of the 'Monastery Building' and a much restored Herlufsholm church incorporating elements of the original remain from the monastery. The newer Herlufsholm buildings were constructed in the Gothic style out of the same materials to reflect the heritage of the school.
The two churches in Naestved once belonging to the Benedictines became the parish churches for the town with St Peder's taking precedence. St Peders Church was restored to its Gothic style in the 1880s. St Peder's Church has three bells in the tower, one of which dates from before the Reformation. Oluf Kegge and Johannes Pavli's bell cast in 1488 is still in use.
The organ at St Peter's was first installed in 1586 as a swallow's nest organ high in a loft above the chancel. It was constructed by Master Hans Brebus. Brebus was a Flemish immigrant who built organs as early as 1570. In time he became the royal organ maker under Frederick II and Christian III.
The church is famous for its medieval frescoes. One of the most important is that of Valdemar IV and Queen Helvig kneeling before God.

</doc>
<doc id="20106104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106104" title="Shihainin">
Shihainin

A is an authorized representative of a company or unincorporated business under Japanese commercial law.
A shihainin has full legal authority to represent the company/business at the place of business to which the shihainin is assigned. This authority may be restricted, but any restriction is unassertable against a third party acting in good faith.
The status is often granted to the managers of regional or local offices of the company, as well as to managers at the head office. Directors and corporate officers (but not statutory auditors) may be granted shihainin status in addition to any other titles they hold within the company. The term can lead to confusion in translation, as the literal translation of "manager" may be confused with internal "manager" titles that do not necessarily denote shihainin status.
In most businesses, the term is mainly used in corporate legal documents. However, it is popular in certain industries, such as hotels and restaurants, as the sole designation for the manager of a particular property.
Company shihainin are generally appointed by the board of directors. Their name, date of birth, residential address and place of business is recorded in the commercial register at the Legal Affairs Bureau and kept as public record.

</doc>
<doc id="20106139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106139" title="Mahmoud Haroon">
Mahmoud Haroon

Mahmoud Abdullah Haroon (1920 – 6 November 2008) Urdu: محمود ہارون was a veteran Pakistani politician with career spanning over five decades and chairman of the Dawn Media Group. He was the second son of Haji Sir Abdullah Haroon, the first being Yusuf Haroon, one of the leaders of Pakistan Movement. During his political career, Mahmoud Haroon served as two-time Governor of Sindh, Federal Interior Minister, Federal Defence Minister, and Mayor of Karachi. He was also the founder of Dubai-based Khaleej Times.

</doc>
<doc id="20106161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106161" title="Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana">
Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana

Swarnajayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojana (SGSY) is an initiative launched by the Government of India to provide sustainable income to poor people living in rural areas of the country. The scheme was launched on April 1, 1999.
The SGSY aims at providing self-employment to villagers through the establishment of Self-help groups. Activity clusters are established based on the aptitude and skill of the people which are nurtured to their maximum potential. Funds are provided by NGOs, banks and financial institutions. 
Since its inception, over 2.25 million Self-help groups have been established with an investment of Rs. 14,403 crores, profiting over 6.697 million people.
The Swarnajayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojana (SGSY) was launched as an integrated programme for self-employment of the rural poor with effect from April 1, 1999. 
Working of the scheme.
The SGSY was somewhat intended to provide self-employment to millions of villagers. Poor families living below the poverty line were organised into Self-help groups (SHG)s established with a mixture of government subsidy and credit from investment banks. The main aim of these SHGs was to bring these poor families above the poverty line and concentrate on income generation through combined effort. The scheme recommended the establishment of activity clusters or clusters of villagers grouped together based on their skills and abilities. Each of these activity clusters worked on a specific activity chosen based on the aptitude and skill of the people, availability of resources and market potentiality.
The SHGs are aided, supported and trained by NGOs, CBOs, individuals, banks and self-help promoting institutions. Government-run District Level Development Agencies (DRDA) and the respective State governments also provided training and financial aid. The programme focusses on establishing microenterprises in rural areas. 
The SHGs created may have a varying number of members based on the terrain and physical abilities of the members. It goes through three stages of creation: 
The SHGs are usually created by selecting individuals from the Below poverty-line (BPL) list provided by the Gram sabha. The SHGs are divided into various blocks and each of these blocks concentrated on 4-5 key activities. The SGSY is mainly run through government-run DRDAs with support from local private institutions, banks and Panchayati raj institutions.
The Government also assists villagers in marketing their products by organizing melas or fairs, exhibitions, etc.
The Swarna Jayanti Swarozgar Yojna (SGSY) has been renamed as National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM).With this the scheme will be made universal, more focussed and time bound for poverty alleviation by 2014: 
Funding.
Government subsidy allocated for SGSY per individual is 30% of the total capital investment if the total investment is less than Rs. 7,500 and 50% of the investment for SC/STs if the investment is less than Rs.10,000. For self-help groups, the government offers a subsidy of 50% if the total investment is less than Rs. 1.25 lakhs. There are no monetary ceilings on subsidy in the case of irrigation projects.
The SGSY concentrates on the marginalized sections of society. Accordingly, SC/STs comprise 50 percent, women 40% and the physically challenged make up 3% of the total beneficiaries from the scheme. 
Government funding for the scheme is divided between the Center and State on a 75-25 basis.
Staffing.
In the case of minor irrigation projects, each SHG might comprise 10-20 members. In case of hilly terrain, deserts and other sparsely populated areas or if the SHGs include disabled people, this number may be reduced to five.
Results.
Since its inception in 1999, around 2.252 million SHGs have been established comprising 3.554 million people. Apart from SHGs, the scheme has also benefitted 3.143 million self-employed individuals. The total investment provided for the cause has been calculated at Rs. 14,403.73 crores including Rs. 1,200 crores provided by the Government of India for the calendar year 2006-07. Of the beneficiaries, 45.54 percent have been SC/STs and 47.85 percent, women.

</doc>
<doc id="20106175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106175" title="Freestyle skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Freestyle skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The freestyle skiing competition of the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Cypress Mountain. The events took place between the 13 and 25 February 2010, and included a new event for these Olympics, ski cross.
Events.
Six freestyle skiing events was held at Vancouver 2010:
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Qualification.
For the six events, there are a maximum 180 athletes allowed to compete. This includes a maximum of 30 in moguls, 25 in aerials, and 35 in ski cross, applicable for both genders. No nation can have more than 18 skiers with maximum of ten men or ten women per specific nation. For each event, no nation can enter more than four skiers per individual event.
Skiers are qualified if they have placed in the top 30 in an FIS World Cup event of FIS World Championships in the event concerned. A minimum of 100 FIS points in the respective event. Host nation Canada is expected to enter a skier in all events. If no skier meets the qualification standards, they can enter one skier per event.
Quota allocation will be given using the World Ranking List (WRL) for the twelve-month period of World Cup Standings from the 2008-09 and 2009-10 Freestyle World Cup and the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships 2009. It will be assigned one slot per skier from the top the WRL downwards. When a nation has the maximum four skiers per event, the next eligible nation on the WRL will be given a slot until the maximum total per event in moguls, aerials, and ski cross per gender has been reached.
In the case at nation is given more than 18 skiers, it is up the nation to select the team of a maximum of 18 skiers by 25 January 2010. Once quota slots are allocated by the FIS and the national entries confirmed, a reallocation of unused slots per event will be made by the FIS to the next eligible nation on the WRL for quota allocation in the respective event and gender. This process started on 18 January 2010 and will run until 28 January 2010. Deadline to VANOC is 1 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20106197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106197" title="Tetrasomy">
Tetrasomy

A tetrasomy is a form of aneuploidy with the presence of four copies, instead of the normal two, of a particular chromosome.
Causes.
Full.
Full tetrasomy of an individual occurs due to non-disjunction when the cells are dividing (meiosis I or II) to form egg and sperm cells (gametogenesis). This can result in extra chromosomes in a sperm or egg cell. After fertilization, the resulting fetus has 48 chromosomes instead of the typical 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20106207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106207" title="Lucy of Bolingbroke">
Lucy of Bolingbroke

Lucy (died c. 1138), sometimes called Lucy of Bolingbroke, was an Anglo-Norman heiress in central England and, later in life, countess of Chester. Probably related to the old English earls of Mercia, she came to possess extensive lands in Lincolnshire which she passed on to her husbands and sons. She was a notable religious patron, founding or co-founding two small religious houses and endowing several with lands and churches.
Ancestry.
A charter of Crowland Abbey, now thought to be spurious, described Thorold of Bucknall, perhaps the same as her probable father Thorold of Lincoln, as a brother of Godgifu (Godiva), wife of Leofric, Earl of Mercia. The same charter contradicted itself on the matter, proceeding to style Godgifu's son (by Leofric), Ælfgar, as Thorold's "cognatus" (cousin). Another later source, from Coventry Abbey, made Lucy the sister of Earls Edwin and Morcar Leofricsson, while two other unreliable sources, the "Chronicle" of Abbot Ingmund of Crowland and the "Peterbrough Chronicle" also make Lucy the daughter of Earl Ælfgar. Keats-Rohan's explanation for these accounts is that they were ill-informed and were confusing Lucy with her ancestor, William Malet's mother, who was in some manner related to the family of Godgifu.
Although there is much confusion about Lucy's ancestry in earlier writings, recent historians tend to believe that she was the daughter of Thorold, sheriff of Lincoln, by a daughter of William Malet (died 1071). She inherited a huge group of estates centred on Spalding in Lincolnshire, probably inherited from both the Lincoln and the Malet family. This group of estates have come to be called the "Honour of Bolingbroke".
Marriages.
The heiress Lucy was married to three different husbands, all of whom died in her lifetime. The first of these was to Ivo Taillebois, a marriage which took place "around 1083". Ivo took over her lands as husband, and seems in addition to have been granted estates and extensive authority in Westmorland and Cumberland. Ivo died in 1094. 
The second marriage was to one Roger de Roumare or Roger fitz Gerold, with whom she had one son, William de Roumare (future Earl of Lincoln), who inherited some of her land. The latter was the ancestor of the de Roumare family of Westmorland. Roger died in either 1097 or 1098. 
Sometime after this, though before 1101, she was married to Ranulf le Meschin, her last and longest marriage. A son Ranulf de Gernon, succeeded his father to the earldom of Chester (which Ranulf acquired in 1121) and a daughter, Alice, married Richard de Clare. 
Upon her death, most of the Lincolnshire lands she inherited passed to her older son William de Roumare, while the rest passed to Ranulf II of Chester (forty versus twenty knights' fees). The 1130 pipe roll informs us that Lucy had paid King Henry I 500 marks after her last husband's death for the right not to have to remarry. She died around 1138.
Religious patronage.
Lucy, as widowed countess, founded the convent of Stixwould in 1135, becoming, in the words of one historian, "one of the few aristocratic women of the late eleventh and twelfth centuryes to achieve the role of independent lay founder". Her religious patronage however centered on Spalding Priory, a religious house for which her own family was the primary patron. This house (a monastic cell of Crowland) was founded, or re-founded, in 1085 by Lucy and her first husband Ivo Taillebois. 
Later, she was responsible for many endowments, for instance in the 1120s she and her third husband Earl Ranulf granted the priory the churches of Minting, Belchford and Scamblesby. In 1135, Lucy, now widowed for the last time, granted the priory her own manor of Spalding for the permanent use of the monks. The records indicate that Lucy went to great effort to ensure that, after her own death, her sons would honour and uphold her gifts.

</doc>
<doc id="20106254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106254" title="Flawless (V.I.C. song)">
Flawless (V.I.C. song)

"Flawless" is the third single of rapper V.I.C. from his debut album "Beast". The single is produced by Mr. Collipark. The song hit radio on November 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20106332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106332" title="Best Work">
Best Work

Best Work is the second single by The Whitlams from their album, "Torch the Moon". It was released on 9 September 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20106341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106341" title="Muscodor vitigenus">
Muscodor vitigenus

Muscodor vitigenus is an endophytic fungus which colonizes Paullinia paullinioides, a liana of the Peruvian Amazon rainforests. It has the unusual property of, under certain circumstances, producing near-pure naphthalene, an insect repellent.

</doc>
<doc id="20106345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106345" title="History of Mumbai during the 21st century">
History of Mumbai during the 21st century

The history of Mumbai during the 21st century recounts the Indian city of Mumbai in the 21st century when the city suffered several terrorist attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20106362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106362" title="Wismut (mining company)">
Wismut (mining company)

SAG/SDAG Wismut was a uranium mining company in East Germany during the time of the cold war. It produced a total of 230,400 tonnes of uranium between 1947 and 1990 and made East Germany the fourth largest producer of uranium ore in the world at the time. It was the largest single producer of uranium ore in the entire sphere of control of the USSR. In 1991 after German reunification it was transformed into the Wismut GmbH company, owned by the Federal Republic of Germany, which is now responsible for the restoration and environmental cleanup of the former mining and milling areas. The head office of SDAG Wismut / Wismut GmbH is in Chemnitz-Siegmar.
History.
The Erzgebirge mountains in southern East Germany at the border with the Czech Republic are closely connected to the history of uranium exploitation. The metal was discovered in a sample from a silver mine in the mountain range, and uranium was produced first as a by-product in the early 19th century and later as a main product from the 1890s on. The chemists Marie and Pierre Curie discovered the elements Radium and Polonium in pitchblende tailings from a Czech uranium mine in these mountains. Radioactive waters were used in several towns for health treatment.
After World War II, the Soviet Union became interested in this East German uranium deposit as a source for its nuclear weapons program. Significant resources were discovered and mining started in 1946. In 1947 the Soviet stock company Wismut (SAG Wismut) was formed, named after the German word for the metal bismuth, the misleading name being selected for security reasons. In the following years the company became the most important source of uranium for the Soviet Union and it employed several tens of thousands of people. Safety and environmental standards were very low, exposing many thousands of workers to dangerous levels of radon and quartz dust, leading to lung cancer and silicosis. At the end of 1953 the company was liquidated and the Soviet-East German stock company Wismut (SDAG Wismut) was newly founded, with the Soviet Union and the German Democratic Republic each owning 50%. Working and technological standards improved significantly in the following years. Uranium exploration and mining concentrated in the first years after World War II on the old mining areas of the Erzgebirge and adjacent Vogtland mountains. Many uranium occurrences had long been known there and were accessible using the old adits and shafts from the silver and base metal mining of former centuries. In 1950 the giant ore deposit of Ronneburg and the medium sized Culmitzsch deposit (both in eastern Thuringia) were discovered and in 1965 the Königstein deposit in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains. The peak of uranium production by the Wismut company occurred from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s, reaching nearly 7,000 tonnes of uranium per year, after which it declined to 3,500 tonnes in the last normal production year, 1989.
Political and economic changes in East Germany and the subsequent reunification of Germany led to the cessation of uranium mining in December 1990. The Federal Republic of Germany assumed ownership of the East German and Soviet stocks of the company and transformed the company into Wismut GmbH in 1991. This new company is responsible for restoring the former mining and milling sites, for which the government approved a total budget of around 6.4 billion euro, but higher costs are anticipated. This activity includes securing/filling underground cavities, covering dumps and tailings, treating mine water and removal/decontamination of the buildings at the mine and milling sites. In 2011 the restoration program was extended to the year 2022.
Mining.
Erzgebirge and Vogtland mountains.
The Erzgebirge and Vogtland mountains were the first exploration targets for uranium and host the largest number of deposits mined by Wismut. All deposits in these mountain ranges are hydrothermal vein-style mineralisations in Palaeozoic metasedimentary and igneous rocks and Variscan age granites. Most deposits are situated in the western Erzgebirge mountains and the neighbouring Vogtland region, whereas the central and eastern Erzgebirge mountains contain only a few smaller deposits.
The deposits are related to deep crustal northwest-trending fault structures, with the most important being the Gera-Jáchymov fault zone containing most of the larger deposits, including Jáchymov on the Czech site of the Erzgebirge mountains, Johanngeorgenstadt, Pöhla-Tellerhäuser, Schneeberg-Schlema-Alberoda in the German part of the Erzgebirge mountains, and Ronneburg black shale-type mineralisation in Thuringia. The size of the mineralisations ranges from very small deposits with some hundred kilograms of uranium content and a few mineralised veins, up to the giant deposit of Schneeberg-Schlema-Alberoda containing nearly 100,000 tonnes of uranium and about 2,000 mineralised veins. There are three major vein types carrying uranium: uranium-quartz-calcite veins (270 million years old), dolomite-uranium veins (Triassic age) and BiCoNi-Ag-U veins (Tertiary age). Only the first type is a primary mineralisation, while the latter two carry remobilised pitchblende from the older vein types. The BiCoNi-Ag-U mineralisation had been mined since the 15th century for its content of silver, bismuth, cobalt and nickel. The heavy black mineral often occurring in these veins was useless to the miners of former times and was named 'Pechblende' (pitchblende) because of its color. This word is still used for the most important uranium mineral ore in all veins types, but coffinite deposits also occur. In the oxidation zones of the deposits there is a wide range of secondary uranium minerals. The distribution of uranium minerals in the veins varies considerably with the highest concentration of uranium in places where they crosscut reducing host lithologies like carbon-rich schist and skarn. The width of the veins ranges from a few centimeters to several meters, with an average ore grade of 0.1% of uranium. Lenses of massive pitchblende occur locally with a width of over 1 m. The most important deposits are described below.
Schneeberg-Schlema-Alberoda (Objects 02/03/09; mining division Aue).
This ore field was the largest deposit in the Erzgebirge mountains. It is situated about 20 km south of Zwickau in the western Erzgebirge mountains. Schneeberg was an important mining center since the 15th century, producing silver, cobalt, nickel and bismuth, and the town of Oberschlema was known for its strongest naturally occurring radioactive waters at the beginning of the 20th century. A radium health center was established in the town in 1914.
After the Second World War Soviet scientists started exploring the old mining areas for uranium, and mining commenced in 1946 even before SAG Wismut was established in 1947. Schneeberg at the southern end of the deposit became Object 03 and Oberschlema Object 02. Subsequently the blind (no mineralisation reaches the surface) northern part of the ore field (Niederschlema-Alberoda) was discovered and mining started there in 1949. Object 09 was established to mine the Niederschlema-Alberoda part of the ore field.
Mining in Schneeberg continued until 1954 reusing many shafts from previous silver and cobalt mining. Up to that time, about 200 tonnes of uranium was extracted from Schneeberg. Oberschlema was mined to depths of over 700 m. Mining ceased in 1960 after producing more than 7,000 tonnes of uranium. A high density of veins near the surface and the 'wild' mining methods of the 1940s and 1950s caused the complete destruction of Oberschlema. Most houses were so badly damaged and the subsurface so unstable that the entire small town was removed in the 1950s. Today the former mining area hosts a radon health center reestablished in the 1990s. After a restructure of the company in the 1960s, Object 09 became Bergbaubetrieb Aue (mining division Aue). It developed into the single largest producer of uranium within SAG/SDAG Wismut with a peak production of 4,000 tonnes of uranium in 1965. In the last normal production year, 1989, it produced about 550 tonnes. This deposit was the first of all Wismut deposits to be supplied with large modern mining shafts and powerful ventilation in the mid-1950s . The most important shafts where Shaft 38 (Niederschlema), Shaft 366 (Aue-Alberoda) and Shaft 371 (Hartenstein). The latter went into production in 1959 and was the main shaft of the deposit up to the end of production in 1990. Shaft 371 possessed an automated sorting plant used to separate different classes of ore and to increase the overall ore grade. High grade ore was sent directly to the Soviet Union without further processing, while ore containing less than 1% uranium was shipped to the mill at Crossen near Zwickau. This was done until 1980; afterwards all ore was milled, with the sorting plant raising the average ore grade to 0.4% before it was sent to Crossen for processing. An unsuccessful attempt was also made to produce base metals, silver and selenium as by-products. Shaft 371 was connected to the -540 and -990 m level (the depth is related to the Markus Semmler adit dewatering the upper part of the deposit into the Zwickauer Mulde river). Deeper levels were connected by blind shafts. The deepest level opened in 1988 was the -1800 m level, nearly 2,000 m underground, making the mine the deepest in Europe. The mining method used was the same as in the centuries before, although with more modern equipment: galleries were driven along strike of the mineralised vein on a lower and upper level (vertical distance 30 to 45 m). These were connected by small shafts from the lower to the upper level. Then the vein was mined upward using drilling and blasting. The ore was transported to the lower level and brought to the main shafts by rail cars, while the stope was filled with waste rock, as possible. After a vein was mined out, the entrances were sealed to prevent radon from the old stopes from entering areas with active mining. This method was used in all vein type deposits of the Erzgebirge mountains. The total production from Niederschlema-Alberoda was over 72,000 tonnes of uranium. Together with the production from Schneeberg and Oberschlema, production losses and unmined resources, the total uranium content was about 96,000 tonnes of uranium, making Schneeberg-Schlema-Alberoda the largest vein-style uranium deposit in the world.
After the political changes production slowed down in 1990 and eventually stopped on 31 December 1990. Together with the closure of the uranium mine at Pöhla and the tin mines at Altenberg and Ehrenfriedersdorf this ended the 800 year old history of metal mining in the Erzgebirge. After the end of production, the newly formed Wismut GmbH as succeessor of SDAG Wismut started restoration of the area. Flooding of the mine started in 1991 and in 1997 the water reached the -540 m level as the uppermost level of shaft 371. At this point, the mine was opened for the public as the deepest tourist mine in Europe. A water treatment plant was erected with a final capacity of 1,300 m3 per hour, removing uranium, radium, arsenic and iron from the contaminated mine water before releasing it into the Zwickauer Mulde river. Underground work, especially in Oberschlema, is being carried out to secure near-surface galleries and shafts from collapse and to provide safe airways for radon-containing mine air to prevent it from uncontrolled movement into populated areas of the region. The huge waste rock dumps were either relocated or recontoured and covered with 80 cm of clay and 20 cm of top soil. In 2008, most of the underground work was finished and nearly all shafts were sealed. Most dumps are poorly restored. Shaft 382 with a depth of 1,400 m will stay open (although it is flooded) and provide a controlled path for radon-bearing air to escape from the mine. There is still some uranium being won as a consequence of the restoration program; it is being purchased by the USA with long-term contracts.
Like most deposits in the western Erzgebirge mountains, the Schneeberg-Schlema-Alberoda deposit is situated on the Gera-Jachymov fault zone. This major geological structure with a length of several hundred kilometres strikes NW-SE, running from the central Bohemian Massif in the Czech Republic to central Germany. The main element of this fault zone in the Erzgebirge mountains is the Roter Kamm ('Red Ridge') fault carrying a young quartz-hematite mineralisation, but no uranium. This fault forms the boundary between the Schneeberg and Oberschlema deposits, having a vertical displacement of about 400 m. The second controlling element for the deposit are Variscan granites, which underlie the deposit. The mineralised veins are within the exocontact of the granite, although the oldest uranium mineralisation is about 20 Ma younger than those granites. The third controlling factor is a heavily deformed unit of Ordovician to Silurian meta-sedimentary rocks. This so-called Loessnitz-Zwoenitz-Trough runs east-west, broadening toward the east. This rock unit is formed by quartzites, meta-black shales, amphibolites and skarns. It is contained within phyllites, which form the major rock type in this area of the Erzgebirge mountains. The rocks of the Loessnitz-Zwoenitz-Trough are called the 'productive series', because they carry nearly all of the mineralisation. Although the vein structures can be followed from the productive series into the phyllites and granites, no significant mineralisation has been observed outside of it. The ore field contains about 1,800 mineralised veins. Uranium-bearing veins run approximately northwest to southeast, parallel to the Roter Kamm fault.
The oldest type of mineralisation consists of quartz, calcite, fluorite, pitchblende and minor hematite. The age of this primary mineralisation is about 270 Ma and it was the most important type in Oberschlema. About 100 Ma later a second uranium mineralisation formed. Veins of this type contain dolomite, calcite, pitchblende, minor sulphides and selenides (especially clausthalite). This mineralisation event did not bring new uranium into the deposit but remobilised uranium from the older mineralisation. These dolomite-uranium veins were the major uranium formation in Niederschlema-Alberoda. A third uranium-bearing vein type contains quartz, calcite, Co- and Ni-arsenides, native bismuth, silver and pitchblende. Like the dolomite veins, there was no input of new uranium but only remobilisation. These were the most important veins in Schneeberg, not only for uranium but also for Ag and Co-Ni production. Telescoping is also a common feature with different types of mineralisation being found stuck together in the same part of the vein.
Beside the uranium-bearing mineralisation types, there are about one dozen different styles of other mineralisation ranging from Sn-W, Pb-Zn, fluorite-barite to quartz-hematite. They had no economic importance but contributed to the large variety of the several hundred minerals known from the deposit. Especially in the oxidation zones of Schneeberg and Oberschlema, many rare secondary minerals are found, with many of them being newly discovered there. For example, in samples from a single ore shot in Schneeberg five new uranium minerals were discovered in 1871, namely walpurgite, zeunerite, troegerite, uranospinite and uranosphaerite.
Zobes and Bergen (Object 06).
Zobes is a small village in the Vogtland mountains. Between 1949 and 1961 the second largest vein-type deposit of the Wismut company was mined there. The geology is very similar to that of Schneeberg-Schlema-Alberoda with similar types of veins and host rocks. But the size is much smaller, the total uranium content is roughly 5,000 tonnes. Unlike most other deposits in the Erzgebirge and Vogtland mountains, there was no historical mining preceding the activities of Wismut. Because of the smaller size of the deposit and the relative low population mining did not impact the area as it did at other deposits mined by Wismut. Only the dump of shaft 362 is left today, others have been removed as construction material and low grade ore. The small uranium deposit Bergen was mined only few kilometers away and was connected underground to the Zobes mines. While the Zobes deposit was in meta-sedimentary rocks, Bergen was an intragranitic deposit. It was recognised worldwide for its excellent and large crystals of secondary uranium minerals like uranocircite. There is also a mineral named after the deposit: bergenite. A part of the Bergen deposit was later mined for granite as construction material in a large open cut.
Johanngeorgenstadt (Object 01).
Johanngeorgenstadt is situated in the westernmost part of the Erzgebirge mountains directly on the border to the Czech Republic and on the boundary between the Vogtland and Erzgebirge mountains. It is famous because in 1789, the chemist M.H. Klaproth discovered the element uranium in a sample from the town's Georg Wagsforth silver mine. About 160 years later, the town became Wismut's Object 01 and the old town center was completely destroyed because of intense near-surface underground mining for uranium. Of the old town center, only the church survived this part of town history while all other houses had to be removed because of severe damage. Mining took place from 1946 to 1958 and about 3,500 tonnes of uranium were extracted. The deposit extended over the border into Czechoslovakia. While the Czechoslovakian uranium company carried out own exploration and mining on its site of the deposit, one vein was mined by Wismut under Czech territory under contract between the East German and Czechoslovak governments.
The deposit is situated on the western edge of the Gera-Jachymov fault zone. It is located in the exocontact of the Eibenstock granite underlying the deposit. The granite itself carries only minor U-Bi veins; most mineralisation is contained in veins in micaschist. Major mineralisation styles are quartz-carbonate-pitchblende and quartz-calcite-arsenide-Ag-pitchblende veins.
The Wismut GmbH is not responsible for recultivating mining areas which did not belong to the company in 1991 when it was formed out of the SDAG Wismut and there are no funds included in the initial 6.4 billion euro budget for cleaning up those areas. Because most of the smaller deposits in the Erzgebirge and Vogtland mountains were mined out in the 1950s and 1960s and the old mining sites were transferred to the local authorities after mining stopped, there were no plans of Wismut GmbH to recultivate the areas in their original restoration program. However, after negotiations between the state of Saxony, the German federal government and Wismut GmbH contracts were made and funds were provided to restore these old areas, including Johanngeorgenstadt. In this town activities of Wismut GmbH include mainly contouring, relocation and covering of dumps, and securing hazardous underground mining areas.
Pöhla (mining division Aue).
Pöhla is a small village in the western Erzgebirge mountains at the base of the Fichtelberg, the highest mountain in eastern Germany. Mining in the area started centuries ago but mining activity remained minor in the area until after World War II. Wismut started exploration in the 1940s and mined small mineralisations in the area containing a few tonnes of uranium. A shaft was sunk at Pöhla-Globenstein but found only very little uranium mineralisation. However, a magnetite-skarn mineralisation was discovered and shaft ownership was transferred to an east German iron company for exploration purposes. During exploration in the 1960s, drillings showed radioactive anomalies in areas named Hämmerlein and Tellerhäuser south of Pöhla. It was decided to explore these deposits underground using an adit, which was started in 1967. The portal of the adit was in a valley outside Pöhla. At about 3 km the adit cut the mineralisation at Hämmerlein. It showed that there was just a minor uranium mineralisation there, which was mined out during exploration phase resulting in a production of 15 tonnes of uranium. However, significant tin mineralisation was discovered in skarns and schists. Further, the skarns also contained zinc, magnetite, indium and cadmium. This mineralisation was intensively explored during the 1970s and studies were made to set up a major tin mine. However, although resources were high and ore grades were better than in the producing tin mines in East Germany at that time, the mineralogy was very complex, preventing the usage of proven milling technologies. Wismut developed a special milling technology for the complex tin ore but it proved to be too expensive and the project was stopped.
From Hämmerlein, the main adit was driven further during the 1970s to investigate the mineralisation at Tellerhäuser, which was cut at about 7.5 km adit length. This uranium mineralisation was much larger than at Hämmerlein and two blind shaft were sunk to deeper parts of the deposits. Mining started in 1983 and 1,200 tonnes of uranium were produced until the end of production in 1990. Like Hämmerlein, Tellerhäuser also showed a significant tin mineralisation in skarns as well as magnetite. Some of the magnetite was mined as an additive to concrete for nuclear power plants constructed by the East German government in the 1980s. Small amounts of silver were also extracted, but high arsenic contents of the silver ore made processing very expensive and production of silver was stopped in the late 1980s. An ore shoot with massive native arsenic and silver was made in 1990 shortly before the end of uranium mining. Some tons of the material were mined, but no processing was done.
The positive results regarding base metals at Hämmerlein and Tellerhäuser led to an reivestigation of tin, tungsten and further resources at Globenstein and significant mineralisation was discovered in the 1980s. But like Hämmerlein, the complex mineralogy prevented further projects so far.
After production ceased, the area was recultivated, including flooding the mine, removing the mine buildings and covering the waste rock area. A water treatment plant was set up to remove uranium, radium and arsenic from the mine water. Because of the low water flow from the mine, it was possible to replace the initial active chemical water treatment plant with a passive biological unit (wetland). The adit is still open to the Hämmerlein part of the deposit and is operated by a private society as a visitor's mine. Wisutec GmbH, a daughter company of the Wismut GmbH, holds the exploration license for the Pöhla-Globenstein area at the moment (2013).
Schneckenstein and Gottesberg (Object 06).
These two deposits in the Vogtland mountains were operated by Object 06 of SAG/SDAG Wismut. Mining for tin and silver had a long tradition in the area, as did the production of gem-quality topaz. When Wismut started exploration and mining in the area there was still active mining for tin. Before Wismut discovered the nearby uranium mineralisations, it had already taken over the processing plant from the tin mine Tannenbergsthal on top of the Schneckenstein mountain in 1948. It investigated the tin mine itself but no uranium mineralisation was found. However, about 2 km from the tin mine the company discovered a uranium mineralisation which was mined from 1950 to 1960, producing about 1,000 tonnes of uranium. After uranium resources were depleted the mine was transferred to another mining company that started mining barite on a fault zone parallel to the uranium veins. Tin mining ceased in 1964 and barite mining in 1991. On the other side of the valley further uranium mineralisations were discovered and named Gottesberg. In contrast to the Schneckenstein mineralisation, which is hosted by metasedimentary rocks, veins at the little Gottesberg deposit are within granites. The small deposit was mined for a few year in the 1950s, producing about 70 tonnes of uranium. The Gottesberg area also hosted tin mines and is today under exploration license by a private German exploration company.
Schwarzenberg (Object 08).
Object 08 mined a dozen small deposits around Schwarzenberg in the western Erzgebirge mountains between Aue and Johanngeorgenstadt. The largest deposit is the 'Weißer Hirsch' mine (Shaft 235) in Antonsthal, which produced about 700 tonnes of uranium until 1959. The other deposits yielded between 2 and 230 tonnes of uranium, resulting in a total local production of 1,100 tonnes. The dump material of the 'Weißer Hirsch' mine is currently being recycled as construction material.
Further deposits in the Erzgebirge mountains.
Annaberg-Buchholz in the central Erzgebirge mountains is one of the famous historical silver mining towns of the Erzgebirge. Uranium mining by SAG Wismut commenced in 1947 and took place until 1958. About 450 tonnes of uranium were produced.
The Niederschlag-Bärenstein deposit is situated in the central Erzgebirge mountains close to the border to the Czech Republic. There was an unsuccessful attempt to open a uranium mine in the 1930s. Uranium mining by SAG Wismut started in 1947 and ended in 1954, producing about 140 tonnes of uranium. The vein containing most of the mineralisation contains a fluorite-barite mineralisation below the uranium mineralised parts. A private company wanted to start mining this mineralisation in 2010.
Marienberg is also an old silver mining town founded in the 16th century in the central Erzgebirge mountains. Wismut mined about 120 tonnes of uranium between 1947 and 1954. A large resource of fluorite is left. A shaft from the uranium mining era today provides thermal water for heating purposes.
The eastern Erzgebirge hosts only very small uranium mineralisation which produced only 50 tonnes in total. Mining took place at Bärenhecke, Niederpöbel, Johnsbach and Freiberg. The latter was the historically most important deposit of the Erzgebirge, and had produced silver since the 12th century. However, it contributed only very little to the uranium production of SAG Wismut. The deposit, which produced at least 6,000 tonnes of silver, contained just 5 tonnes of mineable uranium.
Thuringia.
Eastern Thuringia developed in the 1950s into one of the major mining centers of Wismut, hosting the giant ore field of Ronneburg and the medium sized deposit of Culmitzsch. Although the mineralisation at Ronneburg is hosted by the Gera-Jáchymov fault and it is likely its formation is linked to the vein-style deposits in the Erzgebirge sitting on the same structure, it is a completely different kind of mineralisation. This led to many problems in the first decade of mining.
Ronneburg (Object 90).
Ronneburg is a small town close to the BAB 4 Autobahn. It is situated about 10 km east of the next major city Gera. Ronneburg hosted a small radon spring, but it was not as famous as those in the Erzgebirge mountains. Exploration in the area started in 1949, and the first shafts were sunk in 1950. The deposit was operated by Object 90 with its head office in Gera. During the 1950s exploration work at Ronneburg contributed the most uranium to the resource base of Wismut, showing the significance of the newly discovered deposit. However, there were many difficulties with mining of the deposit because that particular style of mineralisation was unknown to the East German and Soviet mining experts.
The mineralisation is hosted by Palaeozoic meta-black shales and Meta-basalts. Uranium mineralisation occurs in irregular shaped bodies of highly variable size and uranium content (in average 70 tonnes of uranium per body). The uranium minerals (mainly pitchblende) occur as impregnations, thin veinlets or in breccia zones in these bodies. The deposit was formed by remobilsation of uranium already enriched in the black shales by synsedimentary processes. Remobilsation was caused by hydrothermal and supergene processes leading to the further enrichment of uranium. The background uranium content in the black shales is 40 to 60 ppm. Like the major vein-style uranium deposits in the western Erzgebirge mountains, the Ronneburg deposit is located on the Gera-Jachymov fault zone, which is called the Crimmitschau fault zone in this particular area.
The black shales also contain high amounts of sulfides (marcasite, pyrite) and carbon. Wismut tested several different methods to mine this deposit in the 1950s and 1960s. Some seemed to work, but during the 1950s many fires started in the mines. Sabotage was first considered as the cause, but the increasing number of fires showed that there must be another reason, which was found in the sulphur and carbon content of the black shales in combination with wrong mining methods. The initial mining methods led to many fractures in the rocks, which allowed oxygen to enter the rock. The resulting oxidation of sulfides produced enough heat to spontaneously start fires in the carbon-rich material. These fires became such a major problem that whole parts of the underground area had to be sealed of and production was heavily impacted. This also led to the decision to mine part of the deposit using an open pit, which seriously affected the Ronneburg area. However, in the 1960s special mining technology was developed involving backfilling of the stopes using drillings from the surface. Since then, underground fires have not been a major problem.
In the late 1960s the company was restructured and Object 90 was split up into several mining division: "Bergbaubetrieb" (mining division) Schmirchau (underground), "Bergbaubetrieb" Paitzdorf (underground), "Bergbaubetrieb" Reust (underground) and "Bergbaubetrieb" Lichtenberg (open pit). Open pit mining ended in 1976 when the pit reached a final depth of 300 m. Exploration for new areas of mineralisation led to the formation of two further mining divisions at the northern part of the deposit in 1974 ("Bergbaubetrieb" Beerwalde) and 1982 ("Bergbaubetrieb" Drosen). The mineralisation dips downward in a northern direction which resulted in deeper mining depths. The shafts of the northernmost mine Drosen reached nearly 900 m.
The grade of the ore mined was 0.08% uranium on average with a cut-off of 0.02% uranium. However, restricted zones of high grade mineralisation with more than 1% uranium occurred. An ore treatment plant was tested in Schmirchau to increase the grade before shipping to the mills, but this proved not to be effective. Most of the ore was sent without further treatment to the mills at Seelingstädt and Crossen. Small amounts of uranium were also produced by underground in-situ leaching and heap leaching of low grade ore and even waste rock. The mined resources of the ore field were 113,000 tonnes of uranium, of which about 100,000 tonnes were produced (the difference are production losses). The total resource of the deposit is about 200,000 tonnes of uranium (mined and unmined reserves as well as inferred and speculative resources).
After production ceased in 1990 recultivation work began. The mine dumps were the largest task in this mining area. It was decided to relocate most of the dump material of the southern mining divisions (Schmirchau, Reust, Paitzdorf, Lichtenberg) into the open pit Lichtenberg and to relocate those of the Korbußen mine (part of the Beerwalde mining division) and Drosen to the major dump at Beerwalde. To accomplish this task, Wismut GmbH ordered and operated the largest fleet of Caterpillar mine trucks in Europe. After relocation was finished, the dumps were covered. The southern mining area with the refilled Lichtenberg open pit was part of the 2007 federal garden exhibition Gera-Ronneburg.
Culmitzsch (Object 90).
The Culmitzsch deposit is about 15 km south of Ronneburg. It also belonged to Object 90 in Gera. However, it had a totally different geology than the Ronneburg ore field. Culmitzsch is a sedimentary deposit in Permian sandstone, siltstone and limestone. There are two ore horizons containing disseminated pitchblende and coffinite. An interesting feature is pseudomorphosis of uranium minerals after wood. Specimens still show the cell structure of the wood but are made of pitchblende. The deposit was mined from 1950 to 1967 in three open pits named Culmitzsch, Trünzig and Sorge-Katzendorf. The average ore grade was 0.06% and total production from the three pits was about 11,000 tonnes of uranium. The deposit extends further north from the mined area. This part of the deposit, called Gera-Süd, was explored underground, but difficult geotechnical conditions prevented the mining of this resource. The Culmitzsch and Trünzig open pits were used as tailings management facilities after they were mined out by the Seelingstädt mill, which was established in 1961 near the deposit.
Further deposits in Thuringia.
In the southern part of Thuringa called the Thüringer Wald, mining of three small uranium deposits was undertaken in the 1950s. The largest deposit was Dittrichshütte and was mined underground with several small shafts producing about 112 tonnes of uranium from a black-shale-type mineralisation. Steinach was also a small black-shale-type deposit, mined in a small open cut producing about 40 tonnes of uranium. The Schleusingen mineralisation was hosted by Triassic sandstones and was mined underground, producing 14 tonnes of uranium.
Königstein (Königstein mining division).
Königstein is situated about 40 km southeast of Dresden in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains. Königstein castle is one of the major attractions in this touristic area. Exploration for uranium started in the early 1960s for sandstone hosted uranium mineralisation similar to the ones discovered further south in the Czech Republic. Finally a major mineralisation was discovered in 1963, hosted by Cretaceous sandstones with disseminated uranium minerals in Rollfront-type ore bodies. However, there are also small veins containing barite and pitchblende and the nature of this deposit is under discussion. Most likely it is a combination of a sedimentary style and hydrothermal mineralisation. Construction of the mine started immediately after the discovery and two main shaft along with several ventilation shafts were sunk to depths up to 300 m. Mining started in 1967 and it developed into one of the main producers of SDAG Wismut in the 1970s, with more than 1,000 tonnes of uranium per year in this decade. The ore mined was transported by a cable way down to the Elbe river valley from where it was transported by rail to the mill at Seelingstädt. Besides conventional mining using drilling, blasting and transport of the ore to the mill, already in 1969 studies were started on unconventional production methods for low grade ore using leaching. The low permeability of the sandstone prevented usual in-situ leaching from drillings. Therefore, different methods were developed to blast the ore underground, seal the blasted blocks, and press sulphuric acid into them. Heap leaching was also carried out as well as uranium extraction from mine water before it was released into the Elbe River. In 1984 conventional ore production ceased and only unconventional methods were used from that year on. Production sunk to about 450 tonnes uranium per year, but the Königstein mining division produced at the lowest costs of all Wismut mining divisions. The uranium bearing solution from leaching was transported by rail to the Seelingstädt mill where the final concentrate was produced. Total production of uranium until 1990 was about 18,000 tonnes, with 12,250 tonnes by conventional mining and 5,750 tonnes by unconventional methods.
In 1990 production ceased, as in the other mining divisions. However, the hydrogeological situation was difficult because of the high amount of uranium-bearing solution in the sandstone units hosting the mineralistion. Above that unit there are three aquifers supplying water to the cities of Pirna and Dresden. Therefore, large amounts of water had to be treated before the mine could finally be flooded. The uranium extracted in this cleaning process was sold to an American company in solution form. The total production of uranium from the mine water treatment between 1991 and 2008 can be estimated to be 1,000 t.
Freital / Dresden-Gittersee ('Willi Agatz' mining division).
This mining area covers parts of the cities Dresden (part Gittersee) and Freital. Mining for hard coal in the area is known to date from the 16th century. In 1949 Wismut studied radioactive anomalies in parts of the coal field and took over some mines. Mine ownership alternated several times between Wismut and the local hard coal mining company. In the early 1950s, when the coal field belonged to the hard coal mining company, two new main shafts in Dresden-Gittersee were sunk to depths of about 700 m and the mine was renamed 'Willi Agatz', after a leader of the East German communist party. In 1968 production of coal for energy production was eventually stopped and the mine was transferred a last time to SDAG Wismut. From that time on coal was only mined for its uranium content. The deposit was depleted in 1989 after producing about 3,700 tonnes of uranium since 1949 and 40 million tonnes of hard coal since the 16th century. It was the last Saxonian hard coal mine to be shut down. The uranium-bearing coal was milled at small local plants in Freital when Wismut first was active in the area in the 1950s. After 1968 the coal was milled at Crossen.
Restoration of the area after 1991 was carried out by the Königstein division of Wismut GmbH. The deposit is connected by a several kilometer long adit to the Elbe River in Dresden. This adit was built in the 19th century to ship coal directly from the underground part of the mines to the river, although it was never used for this purpose. However, the adit had to be refurbished by Wismut GmbH as one of the major tasks at the deposit in order to provide for secure dewatering of the mining area. Furthermore, the dumps had to be covered, including ash dumps from the firing of uranium-bearing coal in former times.
Seven coal seams are present in the Permian (Rotliegend) volcano-sedimentary rocks of the Döhlen basin. Three of these seams carry in restricted parts a uranium mineralisation, which was mined by the Wismut. Uranium was introduced into the coal-forming organic material in early stages by surfical waters. The source for the uranium was most likely local volcanic rock units. At a later stage, some remobilisation took place, producing uranium mineralised veinlets in the host rocks of the coal seams. The average ore grade was 0.11% uranium.
Unmined deposits.
The SAG/SDAG Wismut carried out exploration in the whole German Democratic Republic. Several uranium mineralisations were discovered but finally not mined because of the small amount or high costs. The largest unmined resource was discovered in the late 1970s and early 1980s north of Leipzig, hosted by carboniferous volcano-sedimentary rock units. This uranium occurrence near Delitzsch consists of several separate mineralisations. An inferred resource of 6,660 tonnes was taken into the resource base of Wismut and studies were made for underground exploration. However, the high costs prevented realisation. Wismut also discovered a significant supplies of tungsten, niob, rare earth elements and phosphate in the area, which is being reinvestigated by a private company since 2008.
Wismut explored a black shale-type uranium mineralisation below the villages of Hauptmannsgrün and Neumark, Saxony west of Zwickau. It led to 2,500 tonnes of inferred uranium resources being added to the resource base of Wismut, but because of the complex nature and small size of the deposit it was decided to not mine it. Another unmined black-shale-type resource is in Rudolstadt in the Thüringer Wald area with inferred resources of 1,300 tonnes.
Several small uranium mineralisations were also explored in the Erzgebirge mountains outside the mined deposit areas. Together they account for another 11,200 tonnes of inferred resources, which were added to the SDAG Wismut resource base.
Milling.
In the early years of mining, sorting of ore started in the vein style deposits directly on the stopes. High grade ore containing more than 1% uranium was handpicked and later automatically separated and shipped to the Soviet Union without further processing until 1980. Ore containing less than 1% ("Fabrikerz" - factory ore) was sent to mills. In the early years of SAG Wismut, it simply took over existing plants for processing its uranium ores. These were the mill of a tungsten mine in Lengefeld (Vogtland), the mill of the Tannenbergsthal (Vogtland) tin mine, a plant processing cobalt ore to produce colours at Oberschlema, a nickel processing plant at Aue, and some industrial areas at Freital. Further, a new mill was erected at Johanngeorgenstadt. These small mills produced different concentrates: mechanical, wet-mechanical and chemical (yellowcake). A total of 18 million tonnes of ore were processed in these smaller mills, and the last was shut down in 1962. Milling was concentrated at two central milling sites situated between Zwickau and Ronneburg.
The mill at Crossen (a northern suburb of Zwickau) was erected in 1950 using the site of a former paper mill. It was called Object 101 / Factory 38 (later renamed "Aufbereitungsbetrieb" 101 - milling division 101) and processed ore from all major Wismut deposits. It produced mechanical as well as chemical concentrates and used for the latter one an alcalic-based technology resulting in yellowcake containing more than 70% uranium. The mill processed a total of 74.7 million tonnes of ore, producing 77,000 tonnes of uranium before it was shut down in 1989. Experimental milling was also carried out to process silver and tin ore from the deposits at Niederschlema-Alberoda and Pöhla.
In 1961 the most modern milling plant (called "Aufbereitungsbetrieb" 102 - milling division 102) started production at Seelingstädt. It was built near the open pits of the Culmitzsch deposit which it used as tailings management facilities. It processed the majority of ore from Ronneburg, ore and solutions from Königstein, and also ore from the Erzgebirge mountains. Depending on the chemistry of the ore it used both acid and soda-alcalic processes to produce yellowcake. It processed in total 108.8 million tonnes of ore producing concentrate containing 86,273 tonnes of uranium.
About 216,000 tonnes of uranium were delivered in chemical and mechanical concentrates from the mills to the Soviet Union and about 15,000 tonnes were shipped in unprocessed high-grade ore directly from the mines.
The restoration of the tailings storage facilities at the milling sites is a major issue for Wismut GmbH. The tailings at both sites have a total volume of 152 million m3 and contain between 50 and 300 g/t uranium and between 50 and 600 g/t arsenic. The activity of radium in the tailings has a total value of 1.5*1015 Bq.
Other company branches.
Besides the direct mining and milling divisions, Wismut also owned several other company divisions. The Central Geological Service in Grüna near Chemnitz was responsible for exploration work as well as special geological tasks. This service also carried out work for other mining companies in East Germany. In Chemnitz-Siegmar there was a plant for constructing and maintaining the vehicle fleet of the company. In Zwickau-Caisndorf and Aue there were major factories producing equipment for the milling and mining divisions. They also provided equipment to other mining companies in East Germany and Eastern Europe. Wismut had also its own transport branch responsible for bringing workers to their work places. The construction branch was responsible for all building tasks within the company and also carried out public contracts. The company also operated sand pits, both for its construction needs but mostly to get material to refill stopes at Ronneburg. Some of these divisions were liquidated in 1990 because there was no need for them any more. Other were taken out of the Wismut GmbH because no restoration was required on these sites; these and formed DFA GmbH, which was subsequently privatised.
In 2002 Wismut GmbH founded a subsidiary, Wisutec GmbH. This company is responsible for consulting and marketing the restoration technologies developed by Wismut GmbH. It also owns the exploration rights for the tungsten-tin base metal deposit at Pöhla-Globenstein.
Impact on employees.
Although the Erzgebirge had a nearly 700 year old mining history when uranium mining started after World War II, mining had nearly ceased in the area. Thus, there was neither a qualified work force nor mining equipment which could be used. However, after World War II unemployment was high in Germany, and the Soviet occupation zone administration in East Germany ordered the employment centers across the country to supply them with workers. Within a few years thousands of people from all across Germany and refugees from the formerly German regions now part of Poland and the Soviet Union were drafted to work in the uranium mining centers. People were ordered to start working in the uranium mines otherwise there would be strict sanctions for them. At the end of the 1940s, more than 100,000 people worked for SAG Wismut. This also included women, although they did not work on the stopes but operated machinery (locomotives, hoisting machines) at the mines, worked in the mills, laboratories and administration. In contrast to the Czech Republic and the Soviet Union, no prisoners were forced to work in the mines. But most of these people had never worked in the mining industry before and had no qualifications for this work. This and the lack of mining equipment caused the mines to be operated like centuries previously, with a high number of fatal work accidents. Forced drafting of workers ended in 1949, however security measures on the mine sites remained very strict. Between 1951 and 1953, 73 miners accused of espionage and sabotage were deported to the USSR and executed.
The low safety and technology standards meant significant health risks for the miners. Drill hammers arriving for use at the mines in the late 1940s did not allow wet drilling, which led to the exposure of thousands of miners to dangerous quartz dust. Furthermore, narrow galleries in combination with a lack of proper ventilation led to high concentrations of radon and its decay products in the mines. The quartz dust and radon were responsible for the two most serious work related diseases, silicosis and lung cancer. By beginning of 1997, 14,592 cases of silicoses and 5,275 of lung cancer were officially recognised as work-related disease for miners at Wismut. It is estimated that there were 200 fatal accidents between 1946 and 1948 and 376 in the years between 1949 and 1964, including 33 miners being killed in a fire at a mine in Schlema in 1955. The total number of fatal accidents including the estimates for the early years is 772.
During the 1950s the technological equipment and the skill of the Wismut work force improved dramatically. Exposure to radon and quartz dust was significantly reduced by improving mining methods, equipment, ventilation and training the miners. But by then it was already to late for the health of thousands of miners who starting working earlier in the company. During the 1950s, the work force of the company shrank to about 45,000 and stabilised at this level to the end of the 1980s. During these later years, Wismut had one of the best educated work forces of all companies in East Germany, with the highest number of academic degrees per employee.
Resources.
The following table presents the Wismut resources as of 1 January 1991. All values are in tonnes uranium (not uranium oxide). Total unmined resources are a combination of known reserves plus inferred resources. The total uranium potential is the total of unmined and mined resources .
After 1990 there was a little mining in Ronneburg, Niederschlema-Alberoda and Pöhla to reduce the contact surface between uranium ore and groundwater after flooding the mines. In Königstein the mine water cleaning process still produces uranium today, which is sold to international customers. The total production after 1990 is about 1,500 tonnes uranium and is not included in the table.

</doc>
<doc id="20106398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106398" title="Tetrasomy 9p">
Tetrasomy 9p

Tetrasomy 9p is a rare genetic disease due to the inclusion of an isochromosome of the short arm of chromosome 9 (9p). It is generally a mosaic condition.

</doc>
<doc id="20106413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106413" title="KK Radnik Bijeljina">
KK Radnik Bijeljina

Košarkaški Klub Radnik (Serbian Cyrillic: "КК Радник", English: "KK Radnik") is a basketball club from Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Currently, KK Radnik competes in the second division of the National Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20106419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106419" title="Judith Webster">
Judith Webster

Judith Webster is a former judge in Manitoba, Canada. She served as Chief Justice of the Provincial Court of Manitoba from 1993 to 2001, and was the first woman to hold this position.
Early life and career.
Webster was born and raised in Winnipeg. She has a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Manitoba, and a Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton. Before becoming a judge, Webster was a Crown attorney.
Provincial Chief Justice.
Webster was appointed to the Manitoba Provincial Court in 1989 as a judge in Winnipeg. In 1993, she was named as the court's Chief Justice by provincial Justice Minister Rosemary Vodrey. Her appointment was generally recognized as a significant breakthrough for female judges in the province. As Chief Justice, Webster served on the nominating committee for new provincial judges. 
She was criticized in 1994, after she transferred Judge Ron Meyers from family violence court to the rural circuit. Two days before the transfer, the "Winnipeg Free Press" published an interview with Meyers in which he said that he became motivated to specialize in spousal assault cases due to witnessing domestic abuse in his family as a child. Webster described the transfer as a routine reassignment, although she acknowledged that its timing appeared suspicious. Some speculated that Meyers was punished for stepping outside the traditionally detached role of the judiciary, and a number of women's groups called on Webster to reconsider her decision.
Webster had a sometimes fractious relationship with Vic Toews, who served as provincial Justice Minister from 1997 to 1999. In June 1999, she expressed her "profound disappointment" with what she described as "misleading and inaccurate" statements by Toews about the workload the judges. Toews refused to apologize, and said that official records backed his claims.
In 2001, Webster assigned herself to oversee an inquest into the murders of two aboriginal sisters the previous February. The sisters had telephoned the police five times, including four calls for the 9-1-1 emergency service, but police cars were only sent after the first and last calls. During this period, Webster announced that judges who preside over inquests would be allowed to set aside official work hours to write their reports. Provincial Justice Minister Gord Mackintosh approved of this decision, saying that it would reduce delays before the reports were released.
Provincial Justice.
Webster resigned as Chief Justice in October 2001, citing new provincial legislation that placed a term limit on her position. She was formally exempt from the legislation as the incumbent Chief Justice, but argued that she should abide by its spirit and resign after eight years in the position. She remained an active judge on the provincial court. 
Webster issued her report into the 911 murders in October 2002, and made several recommendations to restore confidence in the system. One of her more noteworthy recommendations was that the province should review its zero tolerance legislation for situations of domestic abuse. The law required that police attending a domestic incident must charge the accused, even if the alleged victim did not wish to press charges or if there was no evidence of assault. Webster argued that this policy slowed police response to calls, and adversely affected the workload of other agencies. She also criticized 911's decision to identify all domestic calls as "Priority 1" after the murders, arguing that this actually created a slower response time to real emergencies.
Webster resigned from the bench in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20106446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106446" title="Electric motor manufacturing industry in China">
Electric motor manufacturing industry in China

China's electric motor industry has been developed for 60 years. Most manufacturers produce low power and small-size motors. Small motor manufacturers are mostly located in Zhejiang province, Fujian province, and Guangdong province. Only a few motor manufacturers produces high power and large-size motors, for example Wannan Motor.
High power and large-size motors are often used in rolling mills, etc. In the last, ABB and Siemens large-size motors took a large market shares in China. However, ABB and Simens motor often have very high sale prices so that some rolling mills cannot afford. They need domestic large-size motors instead of ABB motors. Currently, those rolling mills can buy from domestic motor manufacturers which can produce such large-size motors.

</doc>
<doc id="20106448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106448" title="Bombardier MOVIA C951">
Bombardier MOVIA C951

The Bombardier MOVIA C951 is a type of train built by Bombardier Transportation for use on the Downtown Line, Singapore, which is presently being built.
History.
73 trainsets consisting of 3 cars each were purchased at a cost of approximately S$570.7 million for passenger service. Bombardier beat Alstom, Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Hyundai Rotem in the tendering process as the lowest cost offered. An addition of 15 more trains was bought by Land Transport Authority which totalled up the number of trains to 88. A partial number of the total fleet operates on the Stage 1 of Downtown Line since 22 December 2013.
Delivery.
These trains are under the process of delivery till 2016. They will be stabled at Gali Batu Depot and also on Kim Chuan Depot.
On 12 October 2012, the first of 11 trains for the Downtown Line Stage 1 arrived at Jurong Port and transported to Kim Chuan Depot to undergo testing by LTA before it is handed over to SBS Transit.
As of 28 February 2013, Bombardier has delivered five of the 11 trains for Downtown Line Stage 1. LTA together with the operator, SBS Transit conducted the necessary tests to ensure safety standards, functional performance and systems compatibility requirements are met before revenue service of the DTL1 which began on 22 December 2013.
Operation.
The C951 trains are fully automated, without attendant, running on a system similar to that used on the C751A and C830.
Features.
Design.
The C951 trains may include several features that were not seen in existing trains.
New features include:
The train will also retain existing features like having two rows of poles and hand grips, and vertical poles which split into three at the center.
Dynamic Route Map Display (DRMD).
The Dynamic Route Map Display (DRMD) is a rail travel information system, newly introduced and developed for the C951 trains. The dynamic route map display panels provide commuters with their journey status updates and route information. It also indicates which side the doors will open on.
Platform Gap Width Reduction (PGWR).
The train doors have a frangible gap made of rubber that protrudes out. The platform-train gap will then be reduced from 75 to 40 mm, preventing passenger accidents due to the platform gap.
Others.
The train will have regenerative braking which is usable over a larger range of speeds. This will generate electricity when the train slows, feeding it back to the rail network.
Serial number.
Each cars are indicated with a five-digit serial number by the rail operator, SBS Transit which is similar to the Alstom Metropolis C751A trains. The car numbers of the trains range from 9001x to 9088x, where x depends on the carriage type.
An example for a C951 trainset running on the Downtown Line could be, Set 901 (also known as Set 9001). It will be consists of cars, 90011, 90012 and 90013.

</doc>
<doc id="20106472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106472" title="Disciotis">
Disciotis

Disciotis is a genus of fungi in the family Morchellaceae. Members of this family, characterized by their cup- or bowl-shaped apothecia, have a widespread distribution, especially in northern temperate regions.
Description.
"Disciotis" has a cupulate (cup-shaped) pileus with vein-like hymenial folds and a small to non-existent stipe.
Species.
The type species is "Disciotis venosa", originally described as "Peziza venosa" by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801. Other species described in the genus include:
It has been suggested that these species (and variants not listed above) all represent a single, morphologically variable species.

</doc>
<doc id="20106535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106535" title="Johannes Wolleb">
Johannes Wolleb

Johannes Wolleb (Wollebius) (1589–1629) was a Swiss Protestant theologian. He was a student of Amandus Polanus, and followed in the tradition of a Reformed scholasticism, a formal statement of the views arising from the Protestant Reformation.
He was the successor of Johann Jakob Grynaeus at Basel Cathedral. The "Compendium Theologiae Christianae" of 1626 is his major work; it is shorter than the "Syntagma Theologiae Christianae" (1609) of Polanus, and served as an abridgement and development. It was translated into English by Alexander Ross, as "Abridgement of Christian Divinitie" (1650). 
Wolleb influenced the Westminster Shorter and Larger Catechisms. His "Compendium", with William Ames's "Medulla", and Francis Turretin's writings, were used as textbooks into the 18th century and beyond. In the late 17th century, Wolleb's system began to displace Ames's in favour at Harvard University. Students at Yale University in the early 18th century used to study the "Abridgement" every Friday afternoon; the books by Wolleb and Ames were written into the university Regulations (1745).

</doc>
<doc id="20106608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106608" title="Clay-shoveler fracture">
Clay-shoveler fracture

Clay-shoveler's fracture is a stable fracture through the spinous process of a vertebra occurring at any of the lower cervical or upper thoracic vertebrae, classically at C6 or C7. In Australia in the 1930s, men digging deep ditches tossed clay 10 to 15 feet above their heads using long handled shovels. Instead of separating, the sticky clay would sometimes stick to the shovel; the worker would hear a pop and feel a sudden pain between the shoulder blades, unable to continue working. The mechanism of injury is believed to be secondary to muscle pull and reflex with force transmission through the supraspinous ligaments. The tremendous force pulls on the spinous process producing an avulsion fracture. The fracture is diagnosed by plain film examination.

</doc>
<doc id="20106687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106687" title="List of celebrated domes">
List of celebrated domes

List of celebrated domes, listed in order of their completion:

</doc>
<doc id="20106730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106730" title="2008 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women">
2008 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women

FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women 2008 is FIBA Asia's basketball championship for females under 18 years old. The games were held at Medan, Indonesia.
The championship is divided into two levels: Level I and Level II. The top three teams of Level I at the end of the tournament qualifies for the World U-19 Championship for Women. The two lowest finishers of Level I meets the top two finishers to determine which teams qualify for Level for 2010's championship. The losers are relegated to Level II.
Qualifying round.
Winners are promoted to Level I for the 2010 championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20106733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106733" title="StyleSense">
StyleSense

StyleSense was a retail chain operated by Winners Merchants International, the Canadian division of TJX Companies. All 3 Toronto area stores closed in mid January 2012.
StyleSense offered footwear, accessories and fine jewellery, based on the same off-price concept as Winners and HomeSense.

</doc>
<doc id="20106760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20106760" title="V.T. Arasu">
V.T. Arasu

Mr. V. Thirunavukkarasu or V.T. Arasu as he was popularly known in Singapore, distinguished himself through his contributions to various fields. He was a journalist, civil servant, editor, author, Tamil enthusiast and leader of organisations.
Born in India on 11 January 1926, Arasu came to Singapore in 1951, armed with a degree from the University of Madras and five years of experience in journalism. He joined Tamil Murasu, the leading Tamil daily, as its sub-editor.
His pithy weekly and daily columns and catchy headlines attracted readers. In tandem with this portfolio, under the guidance of the community leader and Editor G. Sarangapany, Arasu played a prominent role in the cultural and educational movements of the 1950s and 1960s. Notable among these activities were the management of Tamil schools, encouragement of creative writing, organization of the Tamizhar Tirunaal and the campaign to establish the Tamil department at the University.
In the 1950s and 1960s, he played a significant role in developing the cultural and educational scene in various ways, such as encouraging creative writing.
Though Arasu left Tamil Murasu in 1958 to join the civil service, he returned in 1989 as its Chief Editor at the request of its owners, the G. Sarangapany family.
When he returned to Tamil Murasu as its chief editor, that he would begin to shape what many now call his enduring legacy: transforming a failing community newspaper into a relevant and thriving publication.
Arasu started by revamping the paper's content to make it more in-depth and local-based. He upgraded its design and computerised its production and plugged the distribution system into that of all the other language papers.
By the time he stepped down in 2000, Tamil Murasu had quadrupled its circulation and become a profitable paper. More importantly, by making Tamil Murasu a part of the Singapore Press Holdings, he ensured the continuity and growth of the Tamil daily for the foreseeable future. He was instrumental in securing the paper's survival.
Arasu's Years in the Civil Service.
Arasu joined the Civil Service as Information Officer (Tamil) at Ministry of Culture in 1958, when preparations were underway to make Tamil one of Singapore’s four official languages. He played a crucial role in the production of various Tamil publications and current affairs publications.
He went on to take charge of several publications, including The Mirror and the Singapore Yearbook. He also headed the Singapore Government's Media Relations Department during his time there.
Subsequently he served the Government in various capacities as editor of books at the Institute of national Language and Culture, editor of current affairs weeklies Kannottam ( Tamil) and the Mirror
( English) and several other publications of the Ministry of Culture. He co-authored and edited the best seller, Singapore, An Illustrated History 1941 - 1984. He was also one of the editors of Singapore Poetry -Asean Literatures. Arasu also served as head of the Singapore Government Media Relations Department and acted from time to time as Press Secretary to the Prime Minister.
Contributions to the Community.
As Chairman of the Hindu Advisory Board (1974–76), Arasu persuaded the Hindu community to abandon the age-old practice of open cremation by firewood and opt for closed cremation by gas. He also persuaded the Government to provide special facilities at the crematorium to perform Hindu funeral rites and ceremonies. Arasu also served as member of the Hindu Endowments Board for a few terms.
As President of the Tamil Language and Cultural Society, from 1984 to 1998, he invited young professionals to join the organsization and encouraged them to play a greater role in the community. Tirukkural Vizha, which was his initiative, became a popular annual literary and family event. Under his guidance, the society produced four attractively illustrated Tamil story books for children from the ages 4 to 7. The Society's nation-wide parental education programmes and its representation to the Parliamentary Select Committee on Group Representation Constituency are its other achievements.
Arasu also served as a trustee of Singapore Indian Development Association (SINDA) from 1991 to 2000.
He was the first chairman of the Tamil Language Council, a national organisation set up to promote the wider usage of Tamil in Singapore.
He also served as one of the Secretary-Generals of the International Association for Tamil Research since 1987 till the 2000s.
While Arasu's involvement with Indian community issues and promotion of Tamil extended throughout the last 50 years of his life, he also devoted considerable time and effort on matters of common interest to all Singaporeans. His work at the Preservation of Monuments Board (1975-1992) particularly as chairman of the Board's Research and Publicity Committee from 1979 is one example. He had also served as member of the National Archives and Oral History Board. and several other committees relating to arts and literature and social issues.
The Singapore government conferred on Arasu the Efficiency Medal in 1985 and the Public Service Medallion (PBM) in 1999. The National University of Singapore’s Centre for the Arts honoured him
for his services at the conference on “Tamil in the International Arena.” in January 2002
Arasu died at the age of 83, on 4.11.2008 from complications linked to pancreatic cancer.
He is survived by his wife, son and four grand children.

</doc>
<doc id="20107026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107026" title="Kingsthorpe, Queensland">
Kingsthorpe, Queensland

Kingsthorpe is a town in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia. The town is in the Toowoomba local government area, west of the state capital, Brisbane. At the 2011 census, Kingsthorpe had a population of 1,820.

</doc>
<doc id="20107027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107027" title="Delray Beach, Florida">
Delray Beach, Florida

Delray Beach is a coastal city in Palm Beach County, Florida, USA. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 60,522. It is part of the Miami metropolitan area.
History.
The Early Years.
Native Americans lived or passed through the area at various times, and hunters, trappers, and runaway slaves may also have lived or passed through the area in the 18th and 19th centuries, but there is no record or evidence of them.
Recorded history begins with the construction of the Orange Grove House of Refuge in 1876. The house derived its name from the grove of mature sour orange and other tropical fruit trees found at the site chosen for the house of refuge, but no record or evidence of who planted the trees has survived.
Settlement began around 1884, when African-Americans from the Panhandle of Florida purchased land a little inland from the Orange Grove House of Refuge and began farming. By 1894 the Black community was large enough to establish the first school in the area.
In 1894 William S. Linton, a Republican US Congressman for Saginaw, Michigan, bought a tract of land just west of the Orange Grove House of Refuge, and began selling plots in what he hoped would become a farming community. Initially, this community was named after Linton. In 1896 Henry Flagler extended his Florida East Coast Railroad south from West Palm Beach to Miami, with a station at Linton.
The Linton settlers began to achieve success with truck farming of winter vegetables for the northern market. A hard freeze in 1898 was a setback, and many of the settlers left, including William Linton. Partly in an attempt to change the community's luck, or to leave behind a bad reputation, the settlement's name was changed in 1901 to Delray, after the Detroit neighborhood of Delray ("Delray" being the anglicized spelling of "Del Rey," which is Spanish for "of the king"), which in turn was named after the Mexican-American War's Battle of Molino del Rey).
By 1910, Delray had a population of 250. In 1911, the area was chartered by the State of Florida as an incorporated town. In the same year, pineapple and tomato canning plants were built. Pineapples became the primary crop of the area. This is reflected in the name of the present day Pineapple Grove neighborhood near downtown Delray Beach. By 1920, Delray's population had reached 1,051.
In the 1920s, drainage of the Everglades west of Delray lowered the water table, making it harder to grow pineapples, while the extension of the Florida East Coast Railway to Key West resulted in competition from Cuban pineapples for the markets of the northern United States.
The Florida land boom of the 1920s brought renewed prosperity to Delray. Tourism and real estate speculation became important parts of the local economy. Delray issued bonds to raise money to install water and sewer lines, paved streets, and sidewalks. Several hotels were built. At that time Delray was the largest town on the east coast of Florida between West Palm Beach and Fort Lauderdale. The collapse of the land boom in 1926 left Delray saddled with high bond debts, and greatly reduced income from property taxes.
Delray was separated from the Atlantic Ocean beach by the Florida East Coast Canal (now part of the Intracoastal Waterway). In 1923 the area between the canal and the ocean was incorporated as Delray Beach. In 1927 Delray and Delray Beach merged into one town named Delray Beach.
In earlier years downtown Delray was centered along Atlantic Avenue as far west as Swinton Avenue and as far east as the intracoastal waterway. Downtown has since expanded. 
Post World War II.
Since the end of World War II, downtown Delray, located in the eastern part of the city, along Atlantic Avenue, east of I-95 and stretching to the beach, has undergone a large scale renovation. The Delray Beach Tennis Center has brought business to the area. It has hosted several major international tennis events such as the April 2005 Fed Cup (USA vs. Belgium, the April 2004 Davis Cup (USA vs. Sweden), the Delray Beach International Tennis Championships (ATP Event), and the Chris Evert / Bank of America Pro Celebrity.
Several local historic landmark structures were renovated during the last decade of the 20th century. These include Old School Square, formerly Delray Elementary School and Delray High School, since turned into a cultural center; and the Colony Hotel. Old School Square comprises the Crest Theatre, a venue for the performing arts, in the former High School building; the 1925 Gymnasium, restored to maintain its appearance, which has since become a popular venue for local events such as wedding receptions and dances; the Cornell Museum of Art and History, built in the restored Elementary School; and a recently constructed outdoor entertainment pavilion, which serves as a venue for musical performances and has also been used for events such as political rallies.
The historic home of teacher/principal Solomon D. Spady was renovated and turned into the Spady Cultural Heritage Museum. The Spady Museum houses black archives. It hosts exhibits and programs designed to recognize the efforts of blacks who were instrumental in shaping Delray Beach and Palm Beach County. In 2007 the museum was expanded by renovating a 1935 cottage as a Kid's Cultural Clubhouse, and the construction of a 50-seat amphitheater named for C. Spencer Pompey, a pioneer black educator.
Atlantic Community High School was rebuilt in 2005 on a different site from the previous school, a plan which was met with much contention.
From 2009 to 2012, Pet Airways had its headquarters in Delray Beach.
When DayJet operated from 2007 to 2008, its headquarters were in Delray Beach.
Controversy.
In 2007, Delray Beach was labeled as the drug recovery capital of the United States because it had one of the country’s largest recovery communities and relative number of halfway houses. As a result of the article, as of July 7, 2009, the city government approved ordinances made it illegal for sober houses and other transient rentals to operate in the area. These ordinances may be tested in the courts in the future.
Geography.
There is of beach along the Atlantic Ocean.
The city lies directly north of Boca Raton and south of Boynton Beach. The town of Highland Beach also borders it to the south on the same barrier island east of the Intracoastal Waterway. The town of Gulf Stream also borders it to the north on the barrier island and east of U.S. Route 1.
Delray Beach has an urbanized area extending west beyond the city limits to Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge, in unincorporated Palm Beach County. Many residences and businesses within this region use a Delray Beach postal address including the census-designated places, High Point, Kings Point, Villages of Oriole, and several gated communities. This urbanized area is often referred to collectively and informally as "West Delray".
Delray Beach's location in South Palm Beach County is in the middle of Florida's Gold Coast region.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city of Delray Beach has a total area of , of which is land and is water (3.34%). 
Downtown location.
In 2010, downtown extends west to I-95 and east as the Atlantic Ocean; The north-south boundaries extend roughly two blocks north and south of Atlantic Avenue. http://downtowndelraybeach.com/
Climate.
Delray Beach's climate barely qualifies as a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen climate classification "Af"), as its driest month (February) averages 64.8mm of precipitation, narrowly meeting the minimum standard of 60mm in the driest month needed to qualify for that designation.
Demographics.
As of 2010, there were 34,156 households out of which 20.4% were vacant. As of 2000, 18.9% of households had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.7% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.87.
In 2000, the city's population was spread out with 18.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.
In 2000, the median income for a household in the city was $43,371, and the median income for a family was $51,195. Males had a median income of $33,699 versus $28,469 for females. The per capita income for the city was $29,350. About 8.2% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
As of 2000, speakers of English as a first language accounted for 75.44% of all residents, while French Creole accounted for 11.73%, Spanish consisted of 7.02%, French was at 1.87%, Italian at 0.88%, and German made up 0.75% of the population.
As of 2000, Delray Beach had the sixteenth highest percentage of Haitian residents in the US, with 10.50% of the population.
Sports.
Delray Beach International Tennis Championships (ITC) is an ATP World Tour 250 series men's tennis tournament held every year in the city. It is played on hard courts. The event was held in Coral Springs from 1993–1999; in 1999, it was relocated to the Delray Beach Tennis Center. American Todd Martin won the first ever ITC in 1993.
On July 20, 2010, the city's commissioners proclaimed that the city's name would be officially changed to Tennis Beach for one week in honor of its nomination by the United States Tennis Association as one of the top tennis towns in the United States.
Economy.
Retail.
The area offers restaurants, retail, nightclubs, and art galleries. There are a number of free municipal parking lots and garages.
Tourist attractions.
The city has of public beach accessible from State Road A1A. The remains of the steamship Inchulva that sank on Sept 11, 1903 are located in shallow water, acting as habitat for native fish and corals.
Downtown Delray Beach has undergone a gentrification program centered on East Atlantic Avenue, also known as simply "The Avenue". The area is noted for its nightlife, dining and shopping. In 2012 USA Today Travel named Delray Beach America's Most Fun Small Town.
In 2009, expansion of the Downtown Arts District was established that contains galleries, and cultural organizations. Art and Jazz on the Avenue is held six times a year.
Recent development.
Downtown Delray has had a building boom from roughly 2003-2008. New mixed-use development projects have recently been constructed in the areas immediately north and south of Atlantic Avenue. To accommodate the anticipated growth the city has also built two new municipal parking garages.
Top employers.
According to Delray Beach's 2011 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the city are:
Sister cities.
Delray Beach has two sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International:

</doc>
<doc id="20107036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107036" title="Manopsak Kram">
Manopsak Kram

Manopsak Kram (born 27 November 1988 in Alor Setar, Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer and younger brother of footballer Samransak Kram. He currently plays for Pos Malaysia FC as a midfielder.
He also have played in Kedah's President Cup starting from 2006 to 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20107077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107077" title="ZK-93426">
ZK-93426

ZK-93426 (ethyl-5-isopropoxy-4-methyl-beta-carboline-3-carboxylate) is a drug from the beta-carboline family. It acts as a weak partial inverse agonist of benzodiazepine receptors, meaning that it causes the opposite effects to the benzodiazepine class of drugs and has anxiogenic properties, although unlike most benzodiazepine antagonists it is not a convulsant and actually has weak anticonvulsant effects. In human tests it produced alertness, restlessness and feelings of apprehension, and reversed the effect of the benzodiazepine lormetazepam. It was also shown to produce nootropic effects and increased release of acetylcholine.

</doc>
<doc id="20107078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107078" title="Symptom">
Symptom

A symptom (from Greek "σύμπτωμα", "accident, misfortune, that which befalls", from "συμπίπτω", "I befall", from "συν-" "together, with" + "πίπτω", "I fall") is a departure from normal function or feeling which is noticed by a patient, indicating the presence of disease or abnormality. A symptom is subjective, observed by the patient, and cannot be measured directly. 
The term is sometimes also applied to physiological states outside the context of disease, as for example when referring to "symptoms of pregnancy".
Types.
Symptoms may be chronic, relapsing or remitting. Asymptomatic conditions also exist (e.g. subclinical infections and, sometimes, high blood pressure).
Constitutional or general symptoms are those that are related to the systemic effects of a disease (e.g., fever, malaise, anorexia, and weight loss). They affect the entire body rather than a specific organ or location.
The terms "chief complaint", "presenting symptom", "iatrotropic symptom", or "presenting complaint" are used to describe the initial concern which brings a patient to a doctor. The symptom that ultimately leads to a diagnosis is called a "cardinal symptom".
Non-specific symptoms are those self-reported symptoms that do not indicate a specific disease process or involve an isolated body system. For example, fatigue is a feature of many acute and chronic medical conditions, whether physical or mental, and may be either a primary or secondary symptom. Fatigue is also a normal, healthy condition when experienced after exertion or at the end of a day.
Positive and negative.
In describing mental disorders, especially schizophrenia, symptoms can be divided into positive and negative symptoms.
Possible causes.
Some symptoms occur in a wide range of disease processes, whereas other symptoms are fairly specific for a narrow range of illnesses. For example, a sudden loss of sight in one eye has a significantly smaller number of possible causes than nausea does.
Some symptoms can be misleading to the patient or the medical practitioner caring for them. For example, inflammation of the gallbladder often gives rise to pain in the right shoulder, which may understandably lead the patient to attribute the pain to a non-abdominal cause such as muscle strain.
Symptom versus sign.
A symptom can more simply be defined as any feature which is noticed by the patient. A sign is noticed by other people. It is not necessarily the "nature" of the sign or symptom which defines it, but "who" observes it.
A feature might be a sign or a symptom, or both, depending on the observer(s). For example, a skin rash may be noticed by either a healthcare professional as a sign, or by the patient as a symptom. When it is noticed by both, then the feature is both a sign and a symptom.
Some features, such as pain, can only be symptoms, because they cannot be directly observed by other people. Other features can only be signs, such as a blood cell count measured in a medical laboratory.

</doc>
<doc id="20107088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107088" title="Hughie Callan">
Hughie Callan

Hughie Callan (26 December 1881 – 5 February 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Callan acted as a follower during his career, which began at Essendon in 1903 after he was recruited from Brighton. He spent three seasons with Essendon and in 1906 didn't play VFL football as he was in New Zealand on business. Callan returned the following year and joined South Melbourne, playing as a forward pocket in their losing 1907 VFL Grand Final team.
In New Zealand, Callan played for the Eden Football Club in the Australian Football League of Auckland during the 1906 season. Also in that year, he represented Auckland in an interprovincial match against Waihi.
On 5 February 1917, Callan was killed in action while fighting in France during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20107117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107117" title="North Central">
North Central

North Central may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20107118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107118" title="FCC v. Fox Television Stations, Inc. (2009)">
FCC v. Fox Television Stations, Inc. (2009)

Federal Communications Commission v. Fox Television Stations, Inc., is case in which the United States Supreme Court upheld regulations of the Federal Communications Commission that ban "fleeting expletives" on television broadcasts, finding they were not arbitrary and capricious under the Administrative Procedure Act. The Constitutional issue, however, was not resolved and was remanded back to the Second Circuit and re-appealed to the Supreme Court for a decision in June 2012.
Background.
The case entered the Supreme Court's docket in October 2007 and specifically concerns obscene language broadcast on the Fox television network from two "Billboard" Music Awards shows from 2002 and 2003. In the 2002 show, presenter Cher said "fuck 'em" regarding people who she believed criticized her; in the 2003 show, presenter Nicole Richie stated regarding her television show: “Why do they even call it "The Simple Life"? Have you ever tried to get cow shit out of a Prada purse? It’s not so fucking simple.” 
In 2004, the FCC prohibited "single uses of vulgar words" under any circumstances, including previous instances where it gave leeway for "fleeting" expletives that networks unknowingly allowed to enter the airwaves. However, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled in the case "Fox et al. v. Federal Communications Commission" (06-1760) that the FCC cannot punish broadcast stations for such incidents.
On the week of March 17, 2008, the Supreme Court announced that it would hear this case. The Supreme Court heard arguments from the case on November 4, 2008, which was also Election Day. Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Associate Justice Antonin Scalia expressed support for the FCC.
Supreme Court decision.
The Supreme Court ruled in a 5-4 decision on April 28, 2009 that the Federal Communications Commission had not acted arbitrarily when it changed a long-standing policy and implemented a new ban on even "fleeting expletives" from the airwaves. The Court explicitly declined to decide whether the new rule is constitutional, and sent that issue back to the lower courts for their review. Justice Antonin Scalia, in the majority opinion, wrote: "The FCC’s new policy and its order finding the broadcasts at issue actionably indecent were neither arbitrary nor capricious." In the dissenting opinion, Justice John Paul Stevens claimed that this decision was hypocritical given the presence of television commercials for products treating impotence or constipation.
First Amendment question.
In its decision, "the court did not definitively settle the First Amendment implications of allowing a federal agency to censor broadcasts," and left that issue for the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. However, Justice Clarence Thomas's separate opinion openly stated his willingness to overturn Federal Communications Commission v. Pacifica Foundation and Red Lion Broadcasting Co. v. Federal Communications Commission, the two cases on which all FCC authority rest, even as he joined the majority on procedural grounds.
Subsequent history.
Upon remand, the Second Circuit addressed the actual Constitutionality of the fleeting expletive rules, striking it down in July 2010. The FCC re-appealed the case. On June 21, 2012, the Court decided the re-appeal narrowly, striking down the fines as unconstitutionally vague, but upholding the authority of the FCC to act in the interests of the general public when licensing broadcast spectrums to enforce decency standards, so long as they are not vague, without violating the First Amendment.

</doc>
<doc id="20107154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107154" title="Aldomirovtsi marsh">
Aldomirovtsi marsh

Aldomirovtsi marsh (Bulgarian - "Алдомировско блато") is a marsh in the area of city Slivnitsa, Bulgaria. 
Located not far from the Serbian border (28 km), and 30 km from capital city Sofia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20107155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107155" title="Crawford (South Lanarkshire) railway station">
Crawford (South Lanarkshire) railway station

Crawford railway station was a station which served the village of Crawford, near Abington, in the Scottish county of South Lanarkshire. It was served by local trains on the what is now known as the West Coast Main Line.
History.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. It was closed by British Railways.
The site today.
Trains pass at speed on the electrified West Coast Main Line but there is no station at the site now.

</doc>
<doc id="20107159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107159" title="President-elect of the United States">
President-elect of the United States

President-elect of the United States is the title used for an incoming President of the United States in the period between the general election on Election Day in November and noon eastern standard time on Inauguration Day, January 20, during which he is not in office yet. The title is used for the apparent winner and is finalized when votes of the Electoral College, cast in December, are counted by a joint session of Congress in early January. If a sitting President has won re-election, he is not referred to as a "President-elect" because he is already in office and is not waiting to become president. If a new President is scheduled to enter, then the current-standing one is said to hold the office on a lame-duck basis.
Constitutional criteria.
Currently, in every State, an election by the people is the method employed for the choice of the members of the Electoral College; however, any State remains free to change its manner of appointing its slate of members of the Electoral College, so that the law of a State could, for instance, prescribe election by the state Legislature, or even choice by the State's governor, as the manner of appointment of the electors representing the State. In spite of that theoretical possibility, a popular election in each State is the established method of selection of the members of the Electoral College, and given that all the statewide elections happen on the same date, the simultaneous elections resemble a national general election.
On the Monday after the second Wednesday in December, the electors of each State meet in their respective state capitals (and the electors of the District of Columbia meet in the Federal Capital) and in those meetings the electors cast their votes for President and Vice-President of the United States.
At the conclusion of their Meetings, the electors of each State and of the District of Columbia then execute "Certificate of Vote" (in several original copies), declaring the vote count in each Meeting. To each Certificate of Vote, a Certificate of Ascertainment is annexed. Each State's (and the District of Columbia's) Certificate of Ascertainment is the official document (usually signed by the Governor of the State and/or by the State's secretary of State) that declares the names of the electors, certifying their appointment as members of the Electoral College. Given that in all States the electors are currently chosen by popular election, the certificate of ascertainment also declares the results of the popular vote that decided the appointment of the electors. The electors in each State and of the District of Columbia then send the certificates of vote, with the enclosed certificates of ascertainment, to the President of the Senate of the United States.
The electoral votes are counted in a joint session of Congress in early January (on January 6 as required by 3 U.S. Code, Chapter 1 or an alternative date set by statute) and if the ballots are accepted without objections, the candidate winning at least 270 electoral votes (a majority of the total number of votes) is announced the President-elect by the incumbent Vice President, in his or her capacity as President of the Senate.
Electoral College role.
No constitutional provision or federal law requires electors to vote according to the results of their states' popular vote, though some states bind their electors to their pledges by state law. Historically, there have been only a few instances of electors not casting their ballots for the candidates to whom they were pledged, and such instances have never resulted in changing the final outcome of a presidential election.
Congressional reports.
Two congressional reports found that the President-elect is the eventual winner of the majority of electoral ballots cast in December. The Congressional Research Service (CRS) of the Library of Congress, in its 2004 report "Presidential and Vice Presidential Succession: Overview and Current Legislation," discussed the question of when candidates who have received a majority of electoral votes become President-elect. The report notes that the constitutional status of the President-elect is disputed:
The CRS report quotes the 1933 U.S. House committee report accompanying the Twentieth Amendment as endorsing the latter view:
Both reports make clear that becoming President-elect is contingent upon winning the majority of electoral votes.
President-elect succession.
Scholars have noted that the national committees of the Democratic and Republican parties have adopted rules for selecting replacement candidates in the event of a nominee's death, either before or after the general election. If the apparent winner of the general election dies before the Electoral College votes in December the electors probably would endorse whatever new nominee their national party selects as a replacement (although they may be prevented from doing so in many states, because those states have laws requiring electors to vote for the person they're pledged to, and some states invalidates votes that were cast for anyone else). If the apparent winner dies between the College's December vote and its counting in Congress in January, the Twelfth Amendment stipulates that all electoral ballots cast shall be counted, presumably even those for a dead candidate. The U.S. House committee reporting on the proposed Twentieth Amendment said the "Congress would have 'no discretion' 'would declare that the deceased candidate had received a majority of the votes.'"
In cases where a President has not been chosen by January 20 or the President-elect "fails to qualify," the Vice President-elect becomes Acting President on January 20 until there is a qualified President. If the President-elect dies before noon January 20, the Twentieth Amendment states the Vice President-elect becomes President. In cases where there is no President-elect or Vice President-elect, the Amendment also gives the Congress the authority to declare an Acting President until such time as there is a President or Vice President. At this point the Presidential Succession Act of 1947 would apply, with the office of the Presidency going to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, followed by the President pro tempore of the Senate and various Cabinet officers.
The closest instance of a Vice President-elect becoming President came just 23 days after the ratification of the Twentieth Amendment. On February 15, 1933, Giuseppe Zangara fired a gun at President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt, but missed, instead hitting Chicago Mayor Anton Cermak. If the assassination attempt on Roosevelt had been successful then, pursuant to Section 3 of the amendment, Vice President-elect John Nance Garner would have been sworn in as President on Inauguration Day (March 4, 1933).
Presidential transitions.
Recent Presidents-elect have assembled Presidential transition teams to prepare for a smooth transfer of power following the inauguration. Outgoing Presidents have cooperated with the President-elect on important policy matters during the last two months of the President's term to ensure a smooth transition and continuity of operations that have significant national interests. Before the ratification of the Twentieth Amendment in 1933, which moved the start of the Presidential term to January, the President-elect did not assume office until March, four months after the popular election.
The Presidential Transition Act of 1963 authorizes the Administrator of the General Services Administration to certify, even before the December vote of the Electoral College, the apparent winner of the November general election as the President-elect for the purposes of receiving federal transition funding, office space and communications services prior to the beginning of the new administration on January 20.
The President-elect assumes office as the next President of the United States of America upon the expiration of the term of the previous office-holder at noon on January 20. This procedure has been the subject of many misinterpretations and urban legends, such as the myth of David Rice Atchison's one-day-long presidency, which is predicated upon false assumptions and a logical flaw. Taking the formal oath of office does not affect the automatic accession to and occupation of the office of the presidency, which, in the case of the U.S. President, proceeds, ipso facto, from the expiration of the predecessor's term and the immediate start of the new four-year term. The oath of office is necessary so that the President can "enter upon the execution" of his office, but he is already President from the start of his term.
The President-elect and Vice President-elect receive mandatory protection from the United States Secret Service, but since the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, they have received such protection during the election campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20107175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107175" title="Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX150">
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX150

Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX150 is a digital camera by Panasonic Lumix. The highest-resolution pictures it records is 14.7 megapixels, through its 35mm Leica DC VARIO-ELMARIT.

</doc>
<doc id="20107187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107187" title="Viscous remanent magnetization">
Viscous remanent magnetization

Viscous remanent magnetization (Abbreviated VRM), also known as viscous magnetization, is remanence that is acquired by ferromagnetic materials by sitting in a magnetic field for some time. The natural remanent magnetization of an igneous rock can be altered by this process. This is generally an unwanted component and some form of stepwise demagnetization must be used to remove it.
Origin of VRM.
Viscous remanent magnetization is the result of jumps between magnetic states driven by thermal fluctuations. In the simplest case, there is a single characteristic time called the "thermal relaxation time". If the starting magnetization is and the magnetization in equilibrium is , the magnetization after a time is
If is a natural remanent magnetization (NRM) acquired in the Earth's field at one time, and is the equilibrium magnetization in a different field at some later time, the change in remanence is the VRM.
The above equation is applicable to the simplest single domain magnets, those described by the Stoner–Wohlfarth model. The relaxation time depends on factors such as the size of the magnet and its magnetic anisotropy. Rocks have collections of magnetic minerals with varying size and anisotropy, and therefore a broad spectrum of relaxation times. The magnetization tends to have a logarithmic dependence on time, so the rate of change is often represented by a "viscosity coefficient"
Significance for paleomagnetism.
Paleomagnetists are interested in the "primary" natural remanent magnetization (NRM) in a rock, acquired when the rock was originally formed. Viscous remanent magnetization is regarded as noise. Any component of the NRM that is in the direction of the present Earth's field is suspect because it may have been acquired since the last geomagnetic reversal. Fortunately, VRM is often removed by the first steps in a stepwise thermal demagnetization of the NRM. 
VRM may also be acquired in the laboratory while measuring the NRM. To avoid this, paleomagnetists make their measurements in a magnetically shielded environment. Often the magnetometer is housed in a room with walls made of mu-metal.

</doc>
<doc id="20107210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107210" title="Alexander del Mar">
Alexander del Mar

Alexander del Mar, also Alex Delmar (1836–1926), was an American political economist, historian, numismatist and author. He was the first director of the Bureau of Statistics at the U.S. Treasury Department from 1866–69. 
Del Mar was a rigorous historian who made important contributions to the history of money. During the mid-1890s, he was distinctly hostile to a central monetary role for gold as a commodity money, championing the cause of silver and its re-monetization as a prerogative of the state.
He believed strongly in the legal function of money. Del Mar dedicated much of his free time to original research in the great libraries and coin collections of Europe on the history of monetary systems and finance.
Biography.
Alexander del Mar, of Jewish-Spanish descent, was born in New York City, August 9, 1836 as oldest son of Jacques and Belle del Mar. He lived for a short period of time in the United Kingdom with his uncle Manuel del Mar and there received an education in humanities from a private tutor, Arthur Helps (later knighted, becoming Sir Arthur Helps). He was instructed in history, literature, law, and political economy.
After graduating from New York University as a civil engineer, he was educated as a mining engineer in Spain at the Madrid School of Mines.
Aged 18, he returned to the U.S. in 1854 to become the financial editor of the short-lived "Daily American Times". He moved to "Hunt's Merchant's Magazine" in 1860, and in 1863 co-founded and edited with Simon Stern the prestigious quarterly "New York Social Science Review" (first published in January 1865). He was also involved with the Commercial and Financial Chronicle, founded in 1865 by William Dana.
In 1865, Del Mar, a notorious Free Trader, helped establish the first Free Trade organization in the United States, the American Free Trade League (AFTL), alongside Horace White, William Lloyd Garrison, and Ralph Waldo Emerson, among others.
In 1866 del Mar was appointed as the first director of US Treasury Department's Bureau of Statistics (now part of the Bureau of Economic Analysis). At the time the bureau was a board of trade, with executive functions, among others the supervision of the commissioners of mines, commerce, immigration, etc. Del Mar pioneered the use of a modern and scientific approach to statistics. He remained director until 1869, overseeing numerous reports. He was forced to resign by his superior, David Ames Wells, and was replaced by Francis Amasa Walker. Both were ardent supporters of specie money and opposed to del Mar's convictions of fiat money.
In 1866 he was appointed the American delegate to the International Monetary Congress which met in Turin, Italy.
During the close-fought 1868 presidential election he was nominated for Secretary of the Treasury under Horatio Seymour's Democratic ticket.
In 1869 he purchased the Washington-based "National Intelligencer", merged it with the "Washington Express" and moved its offices to New York in January 1870. It later became the New York "City and National Intelligencer" which he edited and published until 1872.
He ran under Horace Greeley's ticket for Secretary of the Treasury during the United States presidential election, 1872. The coalition between the Democrats and Greeley's Liberal Republican Party was soundly defeated, and the LRP ceased to exist shortly after. In the same year del Mar represented the United States at the international monetary congress in St. Petersburg, Russia.
In 1877 del Mar was appointed mining commissioner to the U.S. Monetary Commission. This commission was created by Congress in 1876 when it discovered the subterfuge that led to the Panic of 1873. It was charged to investigate: "First". Into the change which has taken place in the relative value of gold and silver; the causes thereof, whether permanent or otherwise; the effects thereof upon trade, commerce, finance, and the productive interests of the country, and upon the standard of value in this and foreign countries; "Second". Into the policy of the restoration of the double standard in this country; and, if restored, what the legal relation between the two coins, silver and gold, should be; "Third". Into the policy of continuing legal-tender notes concurrently with the metallic standards, and the effects thereof upon the labor, industries, and wealth of the country; and "Fourth". Into the best means for providing for facilitating the resumption of specie payments. Although the commission reported unfavourably on the switch to the "de facto" gold standard and recommended a return to silver, gold's status as a reserve currency was to remain unchallenged until the 1930s.
In 1878, Del Mar was appointed as clerk to the United States House Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
In 1878, Del Mar also wrote a series of letters under the Chinese pseudonym "Kwang Chang Ling" in the San Francisco "Argonaut" journal. The letters warned Californians, and the broader United States, that China had the potential to rise as an economic giant. Del Mar, as Kwang Chang Ling, argued that excluding cheap Chinese labor to protect American wages and lessen unemployment would do little to protect American laborers in the long term, for China's labor force would continue to pose a global economic threat despite national policies. Del Mar's writings are the first known attempt to use Free Trade rhetoric as a solution to the "Chinese Question" and to counter anti-Chinese attitudes that led to the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act.
In 1879 he published his "History of the Precious Metals", the labor of twenty-two years of research during his own free time. From 1880 onwards he mainly devoted his professional career to writing.
In 1881, he published "A History of Money in Ancient States", in 1885 "Money and Civilization", in 1889 "The Science of Money", in 1895, "A History of Monetary Systems in Modern States", in 1899 "A History of Monetary Crimes", in 1900 "A History of Money in America", in 1903 "A History of Monetary Systems of France". Del Mar also published several archaeological treatises of great interest.
Del Mar was the New York state chairman of the Silver Party, and spoke at its 1896 Chicago meeting in support of William Jennings Bryan.
He was editor-in-chief of the American Banker, 1905–1906. Upon his death, he donated his private library of 15,000 volumes to the American Bankers Association. Alexander del Mar died in 1926 at the age of ninety.
Del Mar received no scientific or academic recognition from contemporaries, and as a result of this his prescient views were totally excluded from the history of economics.
Family life.
With his wife Emily he had three sons, Algernon, William and Eugene; and a daughter, Francesca Paloma del Mar, who trained as an artist.
Quotes.
In the United States the same bag of coins often masquerades now as the reserve of one bank, and now of another. How far similar subterfuges are employed in the various private banking establishments of Germany is not known, and in the absence of such knowledge it is deemed safer to include the entire paper issues in the circulation. This at least is a known quantity; the " reserves," as experience has too often and too sadly proved, may only exist in the playful imagination of that fortunate class who have secured the prerogative to issue bank money.
Selected bibliography.
Some works by del Mar were announced but apparently not printed, including "The politics of money" and "The history of money in modern countries".

</doc>
<doc id="20107213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107213" title="Atlanta (singer)">
Atlanta (singer)

Elena Puidokaitė (born April 5, 1981), better known by her stage name Atlanta, is a Lithuanian pop singer. She deputed in 1998, when music manager Martynas Tyla offered her to join a new band called "Cushions". Their most successful hit "Winter", was recorded with Atlanta.
First two Atlanta's solo "Never" and new version of Lemon Joy song "White City" were recorded in “Zymozek Sonic” studio with Algis Drėma help. Also that group singer Igoris Kofas created the first super hit "And Girls want to love" music.
Atlanta deputed with album “Girls want to love” in 2001 m. August 30 d. She created a new version of old song "Swallows, swallows" with Andrius Mamontovas, when the second album "The wind told me" has just appeared. It was so popular,what it conquested almost all radio stations tops. Atlanta recorded a new album "Heart" in 2005, which was the most valuable for critics.
Awards.
Radiocentras musical awards for the best song.

</doc>
<doc id="20107214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107214" title="The Questions">
The Questions

The Questions were a Scottish pop band, active during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
History.
They formed in the summer of 1977 at St. Augustine's High School in Edinburgh and performed their first gig in December of that year at St. Margaret's Church Hall in Davidson's Mains, a suburb of Edinburgh.
The following year, they sent a demo tape of rehearsals to Bruce Findlay of Bruce's Records Shop, which led to signing with a recording contract with Zoom Records in Edinburgh in 1978. The band's first single was "Some Other Guy" backed with "Rock & Roll Ain't Dead" (August 1978). They were crowned Young Band of the Year by Southern Television on "Saturday Banana" in December 1978.
"I Can't Get Over You" b/w "Answers" followed in January 1979. The band subsequently left school in June 1980 and came to the attention of Paul Weller with "Get Away From it All", a track that was never officially released. The band supported The Jam at the Edinburgh Playhouse Theatre on the first of many occasions in October 1980, and signed to Weller's fledgling Respond Records in 1981. The Questions contributed three songs to Respond's "Love the Reason" album - "Work and Play", "Building on a Strong Foundation" and "Give It Up Girl". They also contributed to the track "Mama Never Told Me" with Tracie Young as Tracie & The Questions. Many tours, TV appearances and singles followed, including "Work and Play", "Tear Soup" and "Price You Pay". In 1983, band members Paul Barry and John Robinson penned the Top 10 hit "The House That Jack Built" for fellow Respond Records label mate Tracie Young. They would go on to write three additional songs - "I Can't Hold on Till Summer", "Moving Together" and "What Did I Hear You Say" - for Young's debut LP, "Far From the Hurting Kind".
In 1984, "Belief", the band's only full-length album was finally released. "Tuesday Sunshine" and "A Month of Sundays" were released as singles.
The album did not sell well, and the band played its final concert on 30 November 1984, at the 100 Club in Oxford Street, London.
After a twelve-year wait, "Belief" was issued on CD by the Japanese label, Trattoria Records. The re-issue included the album's original eleven songs, plus eight previously unreleased tracks.
Discography.
Albums.
The above is the 1996, CD re-issue track listing

</doc>
<doc id="20107219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107219" title="Joanne Mitchelson">
Joanne Mitchelson

Joanne Mitchelson (born 7 January 1971) is a Tasmanian-born Artist whose Watercolours focus on the natural environment of Tasmania
Joanne was raised near Westbury, Tasmania on her parents farm. It is claimed that Joanne's own skills were enhanced by her paternal grandmother.
Joannes paintings can be found with many astute private collectors as well as in the Tasmanian Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery in Launceston as well as in the Artists Garret in Deloraine, Tasmania,the Tasmanian Design Centre in Launceston and the Ulverstone Civic Centre
Joanne has a unique painting style her works are highly detailed encouraging the viewer into the journey the work conveys.
In 2008 was one of the principal exhibitors at the Tasmanian Craft Fair Deloraine, Tasmania, in 2007 Joanne was the runner up in the prestigious John Glover Art Award.
External links.
Joanne Mitchelson for her watercolour Deep Reflection, by the pool of Salome, Walls of Jerusalem National ... Joanna Mitchelson Deep Reflections (COMMENDED) ...
Vocalist Winner - Lee Brient & Joanne Mitchelson. People's Choice - Lee Brient & Joanne Mitchelson. 2008 Celtic Art Award. Judges: - Nancy Kowalski
The Village Green The Village Green - Westbury Tasmania - From the original by Joanne Mitchelson. Turn west off main road at Lonsdale Promenade and you will ...
"Joanne, though basically a fine photo-realist, adds another dimension to her work in that the accuracy of her observations is further strengthened by an obvious and emotionally powerful attachment to the Tasmanian Landscape within which she has grown".

</doc>
<doc id="20107414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107414" title="Muhammad Al-Hafiz Hamzah">
Muhammad Al-Hafiz Hamzah

Muhammad Al-Hafiz Hamzah (born March 15, 1984 in Pendang, Kedah) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Johor Darul Takzim FC in the Malaysia Super League. 
Club career.
Kedah FA.
He was a product of Kedah's youth system (President Cup team), and started in the junior squad during the 2002 season, but it was not until 2004 that he debuted in the senior side, replacing Megat Amir Faisal Al Khalidi Ibrahim.
In 2004, where Malaysian football introduced with Malaysia Super League, Al-Hafiz became a second choice goalkeeper behind Megat Amir Faisal after Mirandinha brought him into the senior squad. However, he had given a chance and made his debut in the first league match against Selangor Public Bank FC on 14 February 2004 after Megat Amir Faisal had a serious back-injury during the pre-season preparations.
USM FC.
Al-Hafiz joined Premier league side, USM FC, in 2012 season.
Johor Darul Takzim FC.
Al-Hafiz joined the star-studded squad, Johor Darul Takzim F.C., in 2013, after USM FC management cited financial difficulties as the reason for the decision to pulled out of the Malaysia Premier League. He got off a mixed start for 2013 season but managed to cemented his place as a first-choice goalkeeper throughout the season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20107445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107445" title="Taurolidine">
Taurolidine

Taurolidine ([bis(1,1-dioxoperhydro-1,2,4-thiadiazinyl-4)-methane) is a drug with antimicrobial and anti-lipopolysaccharide properties. Derived from the amino acid taurine, its immunue modulatory action is reported to be mediated with priming and activation of macrophages and polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
Taurolidine has been used to treat patients with peritonitis and as an antiendoxic agent in patients with systemic inflammatory response syndrome. Additionally, taurolidine demonstrates some anti-tumor properties, with positive results seen in early-stage clinical investigations using the drug to treat gastrointestinal malignancies and tumors of the central nervous system.
Taurolidine has been investigated for the prevention of central venous catheter-related infections, and there is ample evidence that the addition of taurolidine significantly decreases infection rates. 

</doc>
<doc id="20107446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107446" title="Henry Anthony Camillo Howard">
Henry Anthony Camillo Howard

Henry Anthony Camillo Howard (3 March 1913 – 15 October 1977) was a British journalist, military officer, and colonial leader in the Caribbean.
Early life and family.
Howard was the son of Esme Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Penrith and Isabella Giovanna Teresa Gioachina Giustiniani-Bandini. He married on 11 September 1937 Adele Le Bourgeois Alsop, daughter of Reece Denny Alsop, of New York, and of Mrs. Basil de Selincourt, of Far End, Kingham, Oxfordshire. They had five children: 
His widow died in her sleep on 15 February 2011 in Cumbria, leaving issue four of five daughters (their second daughter dying in her twenties), and four grandsons, three granddaughters, who produced seven great-grandchildren 
Career.
Educated at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Howard became a journalist on the "Financial Times" and "The Economist", then during the Second World War returned to the British Army as an officer, serving in the Somaliland Camel Corps in British Somaliland. After the war he joined the Colonial Office and was Governor of the British Virgin Islands from 1954 to 1956, then Administrator of Saint Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla from 1956 to 1966.
Howard became separated from his wife when he would not move back to England. Because he was Roman Catholic he chose not to seek a divorce, but he began a relationship with a European woman from Saint Kitts who had her name changed to Howard by deed poll.
See also.
List of colonial heads of the British Virgin Islands
External Links.
The Dolphins home in retirement of Col. Henry Howard

</doc>
<doc id="20107450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107450" title="Lilian Lenton">
Lilian Lenton

Lilian Ida Lenton (5 January 1891 – 28 October 1972) was an English dancer, suffragist, arsonist, and winner of a French Red Cross medal for her service as an Orderly in World War I.
Early years.
'Lillie' Lenton was born in Leicester in 1891, the eldest of five children born to Isaac Lenton (1867 –), a carpenter-joiner, and his wife Mahalah (née Bee) (1864–1920). On leaving school she trained to be a dancer, but, after hearing Emmeline Pankhurst speak, she " ... made up my mind that night that as soon as I was twenty-one and my own boss ... I would volunteer". On attaining that age, she joined the Women's Social and Political Union, and with fellow members took part in a window-smashing campaign in March 1912. She was jailed for two months under the alias 'Ida Inkley'.
Notoriety.
In early 1913, with Olive Wharry, she began a series of arson attacks in London, and was arrested in February 1913 on suspicion of having set on fire the Tea House at Kew Gardens. In Holloway Prison she held a hunger strike for two days before being forcibly fed, which caused her to become seriously ill with pleurisy caused by food entering her lungs. It took two doctors and seven wardens to restrain her. She was quickly and quietly released. Her case created an outrage among the public, made worse by the fact that the Home Secretary, Reginald McKenna, denied that she had been force fed and that her illness was actually caused by her hunger strike. However, Home Office papers show that she was force fed on 23 February 1913. A letter to "The Times" in 1913, from Victor Horsley, a leading surgeon, claimed “...the Home Secretary’s attempted denial that Miss Lenton was nearly killed by the forcible feeding is worthless...she was tied into a chair and her head dragged backward across the back of the chair by her hair. The tube was forced through the nose twice . . . after the second introduction when the food was poured in, it caused violent choking." To avoid more such political embarrassment, the Government rushed through its 'Cat and Mouse Act' in April 1913, which stated that hunger-striking suffragette 'mice' could be released on temporary licence to recover their health, when the security forces could re-arrest them.
In June 1913 Lenton was arrested in Doncaster and charged as 'May Dennis' with being on the premises of an unoccupied house which had been set on fire. She was released from Armley Prison in Leeds after several days; on this occasion there had been no attempt to force feed her. Her accomplice in the arson attack was a local journalist called Harry Johnson, who was sentenced to 12 months with hard labour in Wakefield Prison.
In July 1913 the police in Leeds were searching for Lenton when an elaborate plot was hatched to enable her to escape in a delivery van, while dressed as an errand boy reading a comic and eating an apple. Taxis took her to Harrogate, then Scarborough, from where she escaped to France in a private yacht. The Criminal Record Office issued a surveillance photograph of her (see above right) taken secretly in the exercise yard of Holloway Prison, in the accompanying details of which she is described as being 5 feet 2 inches tall with brown eyes and hair. Lenton later stated, "Whenever I was out of prison my object was to burn two buildings a week… The object was to create an absolutely impossible condition of affairs in the country, to prove it was impossible to govern without the consent of the governed". She was arrested in October 1913 while collecting a bicycle from the left luggage office at Paddington Station, and while on remand went on a hunger strike and a thirst strike, for which she was again forcibly fed. Her physical health again being seriously affected by this treatment, she was released on licence for 5 days into the care of a Mrs Diplock of London, but again absconded.
Lenton was rearrested on 22 December 1913, on a charge of setting fire to a house in Cheltenham. She was recognised from her police surveillance photograph, and imprisoned, when she commenced another hunger and thirst strike, being released at 11 a.m. into the care of Mrs Impey of Birmingham, from whose home she absconded yet again, remaining at large until early May 1914 when she was rearrested at Birkenhead. Held on remand and awaiting trial at the Leeds Assizes for the arson committed at Doncaster, she again went on hunger and thirst strike until she was released on 12 May 1914. Because of the frequency of her escapes Lenton became known as the "tiny, wily, elusive Pimpernel.
The Women's Social and Political Union suspended their militant campaign in 1914 at the outbreak of World War I to focus on the war effort. During this time women worked in jobs traditionally done by men, proving they could do them just as well and silencing one of the last arguments against women's suffrage. After the war the Representation of the People Act 1918 was passed awarding the vote to women householders, or the wives of householders, aged 30 and over. Lenton was unimpressed by this concession, later relating in a BBC documentary, "Personally I didn't vote for a very long time because I hadn't either a husband or furniture, although I was over 30." (She turned 30 in 1921. Women were given equal voting rights to men including lowering the voting age to 21, by the Representation of the People (Equal Franchise) Act 1928 when she was 37.)
Later years.
Just before World War I Lenton met author D. H. Lawrence when she fled from the police and escaped to the Lake District. He was introduced to her as "a man who's only got one subject, and that's sex". During World War I Lenton served in Serbia with the Scottish Women's Hospitals Unit and was awarded a French Red Cross medal. After the Russian Revolution she travelled in Russia with fellow Suffragette Nina Boyle. Lenton later worked in the British Embassy in Stockholm. She was a speaker for the Save the Children Fund, and from 1924 to 1933 was a speaker and travel organiser for the Women's Freedom League, as well as the editor of the League's 'Bulletin' for over 11 years. After working in Scotland in animal welfare Lenton became the financial secretary of the National Union of Women Teachers until 1953.
In 1970, as Treasurer of the Suffragette Fellowship, Lenton unveiled a memorial in Christchurch Gardens, Westminster, dedicated to all the women who had fought to get the vote.
Lilian Lenton died in 1972. She never married.

</doc>
<doc id="20107472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107472" title="Impressionists (video game)">
Impressionists (video game)

Les impressionnistes ("Impressionists") is an educational video game released in 1997. The game focused on was developed by the French developer Index+ as a co-production with Réunion des Musées Nationaux.
The game was developed by Claire Barbillon from an idea from the Museum of Orsay, using QuickTime technology. It features 200 works of art from 45 artists. André Dussollier narrates.

</doc>
<doc id="20107517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107517" title="Ted Regan">
Ted Regan

George Frederick "Ted" Regan (6 June 1915 – 9 July 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Regan, originally from Elsternwick, was a defender during his brief league career. He started out at Melbourne in 1938 but crossed to Essendon the following year. After not playing at all in 1940, he participated in the 1941 VFL Grand Final for Essendon as a reserve but finished on the losing side.
A Flight Sergeant with the RAAF in World War II, Regan was killed when his plane was shot down in a battle over Burma on 9 July 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20107524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107524" title="Guiguzi">
Guiguzi

Gui Gu Zi （鬼谷子） is the Chinese title given to a group of writings thought to have been compiled between the late Warring States period and the end of the Han Dynasty. The work, between 6,000-7,000 Chinese characters, discusses techniques of political lobbying based in Daoist thinking.
There has been much speculation about the identity of the writer of "Gui Gu Zi", the origin of his name (literally 'The Sage of Ghost Valley') and the authenticity of the work as a whole. While there has been no final outcome to this discussion, Chinese scholars believe that the compilation reflects a genuine corpus of Warring States period writings on political lobbying. Most writers doubt the assertion that the "Gui Gu Zi" was written by a single personality, Guigu Xiansheng （鬼谷先生）, who was said in the 'Annals of the Grand Historian, Sima Qian' （司馬遷《史記》蘇秦列傳） to have been the teacher of the late Warring States political lobbyists Su Qin (蘇秦) and Zhang Yi （張儀）. A tradition that Guigu Xiansheng was the teacher of renowned Warring States generals Sun Bin （孫臏）and Pang Juan （龐涓）is also considered to be a late confabulation. The association of the name Wang Xu (王詡) is not generally held to be supported. There is no material in the text to support the view held by some that "Guiguzi" is a book on military tactics.
The contents of the Gui Gu Zi text cover the relationship between lobbying techniques and the Yin-Yang Theory, techniques of political evaluation of the state, evaluation of political relationships between state leaders and ministers, psychological profiling of lobbying targets and rhetorical devices.
There have been translations of "Gui Gu Zi" into modern Chinese, German and English. Almost all modern annotated texts and western translations rely heavily on the explanations of the texts attributed to the Eastern Jin scholar Tao Hongjing （陶弘景）.
References.
蕭登福《鬼谷子研究》。 2001 文津出版社
陈宇《鬼谷子兵法破解》。 ISBN 7-5065-4584-5/E.2024
Broschat, Michael Robert. "'Guiguzi': A Textual Study and Translation". University of Washington PhD Thesis, 1985
Chung Se Kimm, "Kuei-Kuh-Tse: Der Philosoph vom Teufelstal". 1927
Robert van Gulik: 'Kuei-ku-tzu, The Philosopher of the Ghost Vale", "China", XIII, no 2 (May 1939)

</doc>
<doc id="20107530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107530" title="Gay Kids">
Gay Kids

Gay Kids – Kule barn som også finnes (2008) ("Gay Kids – Cool children who also exist") is a non-fiction Norwegian book that attempts to educate children about homosexual love.
"Gay Kids" was released on November 6, 2008, and an exhibition of the book's photographic material was on display outside the Museum of Cultural History in Oslo. Originally scheduled through January 2009, the exhibit remained through July, an extra six months. The exhibition was inaugurated by gay politician and former Finance Minister of Norway Per Kristian Foss who also has provided a photo of himself as a 9-year old boy for the book. Other celebrities such as pioneering Norwegian gay activist Kim Friele, chairman of Oslo's city government, Erling Lae and chief editor of "Dagbladet", Anne Aasheim have also contributed with photographs for the book, altogether more than 100 lesbian, bisexual and gay people have contributed with their childhood photos.
The book, in part based on the research done at the Norwegian Social Research institute, was originally intended to be an art project to describe the childhoods of gay men and women before their homosexual identities were in place., and it has been partially funded by grants from the Ministry of Children and Equality and the Fritt Ord foundation and it is also sponsored by Gay & Lesbian Health Norway along with several other organizations. Coauthor Angeltvedt stated at the book's release that he would like to see it become a textbook in Norway's elementary schools. In a November 6, 2008 interview with Minister of Education Bård Vegard Solhjell it reads that the book will be made available in elementary schools and that "the book will be adapted to the teaching plan goals which address sexual orientation and diversity of family forms up and through the 7th grade." 

</doc>
<doc id="20107533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107533" title="Andy Richardson (sports correspondent)">
Andy Richardson (sports correspondent)

Andy Richardson is a sports presenter and correspondent, currently working for Al Jazeera English.
Richardson has a wide range of experience as a sports journalist, and has previously worked with: Independent Television News (ITN), Sky News, ITV and Five News.
Career.
Richardson is a regular presenter on the sports-desk of the flagship daily news-programme, "Newshour". Previously, the Al Jazeera English sports coverage was packaged into a separate daily programme and Richardson was a regular on this strand, the now defunct: "Sportsworld".
As well as his studio-based work, Richardson has reported for Al Jazeera from across the globe. His reports have ranged from coverage of the 2008 Olympics from Beijing to reporting on the world's northernmost marathon, at the North Pole.
As Five News's sports correspondent, Richardson covered many of the major events in world sport, including the 2002 Football World Cup in Japan, the 2003 Rugby World Cup in Australia and the 2004 European Football Championships in Portugal.
Before that, Richardson was a sports producer and reporter for ITV News in London, filing and producing stories on domestic and international sporting events. His coverage included the 1999 Rugby World Cup and the 2000 European Football Championships.
Personal.
Richardson appreciates the value of sport and exercise in his own life and is known for being a keen long-distance runner.

</doc>
<doc id="20107604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107604" title="Benjamin Girke">
Benjamin Girke

Benjamin Girke (born October 26, 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Radebeuler BC 08. He spent two seasons playing for Dynamo Dresden in the 3. Liga, making his debut as a substitute for Ronny Nikol in a 3–0 defeat to SC Paderborn in November 2008. In 2010 he left Dynamo for Radebeuler BC 08, signed by Jan Seifert who had coached him for Dynamo Dresden's reserve team.

</doc>
<doc id="20107640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107640" title="Inquisition (video game)">
Inquisition (video game)

Inquisition is an adventure video game released in 2003 for Microsoft Windows. The game was developed by the French company Wanadoo Edition.
The 3rd person game, is set in 1348 Paris, France, where the main character, a young thief named Matthew, has come to find his riches. He becomes imprisoned after a robbery, and meets Jacques, a former Knight Templar. Before Jacques dies he reveals clues which lead the player towards finding the treasure of the Templars.

</doc>
<doc id="20107646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107646" title="Peter Kajlinger">
Peter Kajlinger

Peter Kajlinger (born 2 December 1964) is a Swedish operatic baritone. Kajlinger grew up in a family of musicians. He made his debut in La bohème at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm at the age of 11.
Career.
He entered the College of Opera in Stockholm in 1989 and performed as Moralés (Carmen) and Leporello (Don Giovanni) at the Royal Swedish Opera. Upon graduation in 1992, he sang the role of Falstaff by Salieri at Drottningholm Palace Theatre. Pamela Rosenberg, then casting director of Staatsoper Stuttgart, noticed his performances as Leporello and Figaro and invited him to join the company. At Staatsoper Stuttgart, he sang more than twenty roles! 
He performed as Figaro at GöteborgsOperan in 2000. He became a freelance singer in 2003 with recitals as Masetto (Don Giovanni), Michelotto (Die Gezeichneten), Antonio (Le Nozze di Figaro) at Staatsoper Stuttgart and as Don Carlo (La Forza del Destino) at Södertäljeoperan. Kajlinger originated the role of Mr. Verloc in Simon Wills' opera, The Secret Agent, in 2006 at Feldkircher Musikfestival.
He portrayed as Amonasro (Aida) in 2007 and as Major Domo in Tjajkovskij's Pique Dame at Oper der Stadt Bonn. He performed as Scarpi (Tosca) in 2008 and as Rigoletto at Värmlandsoperan in 2009. He was Marcello (La Bohème) at Opera på Skäret in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20107762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107762" title="Larry Davidson">
Larry Davidson

Larry Davidson (born 19 January 1983) is an Australian professional basketball player.
Davidson comes from a family with a strong sporting history. His great grandfather Herb Gilbert was a dual international, playing both Rugby League and Rugby Union for Australia. His grandfather Jack Gilbert was in the first St George team to win a premiership. His grandmother is Ray Lindwall's cousin and his cousin Sam Gilbert plays in the Australian Football League with St Kilda.
Junior career.
Davidson led the NSW team to victory in 2001 at the National U20 championships and was awarded the Bob Staunton Medal as tournament MVP. 
He was awarded a scholarship to the Australian Institute of Sport in 2001, and in 2002 was recruited by a number of American colleges and accepted a scholarship from Boise State, where he roomed with Coby Karl (son of George Karl) for his entire stay at the university. Davidson never appeared in a game during his time at Boise State.
Professional career.
Davidson started his pro career in the NBL with the Hunter Pirates in the 2004, playing with them until 2006. When the Pirates re-located from Newcastle to Singapore to become the Singapore Slingers, Davidson moved with them for the 2006–07 season before returning to Australia and signing with his current club, the Wollongong Hawks.
Davidson was named a member of the Australian Boomers squad for the 2006 Commonwealth Games but injury prevented him from playing with the gold medal team.
On 7 December 2012, Davidson copped a knee in the chest from Perth Wildcats' centre Michael Dunigan, cracking ribs and sidelining him for four weeks.
Davidson has played 237 NBL games averaging 8.1ppg, 5.8rpg, and 1.2apg.
On 13 May 2013, Davidson re-signed with the Hawks for 2013–14. On 23 January 2014, he played his 250th NBL game.

</doc>
<doc id="20107774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107774" title="David Thomas (missionary priest)">
David Thomas (missionary priest)

David Walter Thomas (26 October 1829 – 1905) was a Welsh clergyman who was instrumental in the founding of a Welsh church in the Welsh settlement in Argentina.
Life.
Thomas was the eldest son of Evan Thomas, from Lampeter, south Wales. After education in Mumbles, Swansea and at St David's College, Lampeter, Thomas went to Jesus College, Oxford in 1847, obtaining a third-class Bachelor of Arts degree in Literae Humaniores in 1851. He was ordained deacon in 1852 by the Bishop of Oxford, Samuel Wilberforce, and ordained priest the following year by the Bishop of Bangor, Christopher Bethell. His first positions were as curate of Denio and Llanor near Pwllheli, Gwynedd (1853) and chaplain of Tremadog near Porthmadog (1854–1855). He then became perpetual curate of Penmachno before his appointment as vicar of Mynydd Llandegai, near Bangor in 1860, where he remained for 34 years. During this time, he was an important figure in the foundation of the Welsh church in Patagonia, where there was a Welsh settlement, with Hugh Davies, the first chaplain, being one of his parishioners. He spent a year as vicar of Braunston, Northamptonshire before moving to Holyhead, Anglesey in 1895 as vicar. He was also appointed a canon of Bangor. He published in English and in Welsh, including a collection of sermons on the miracles of Jesus. He married Anna Thomas, who became active in attempts to reform the National Eisteddfod in the 1870s and 1880s, and who was nearly appointed as a professor of modern languages at the University College of North Wales, Bangor. They had five children. Anna survived until 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20107806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107806" title="Bryan Chan">
Bryan Chan

Bryan Chan, born Tan Kok Hwa, is a Singaporean actor who works on MediaCorp's Channel 8.
Career.
Chan graduated from the Singapore Broadcasting Corporation 5th Year Artiste Training Class. He was trained by veteran theatrical teachers such as Mao Wei, Li Yongxi, Zhu Bingquan and Xia Chuan. Chan was cast in his debut role in the long-running TV series "Neighbours" in 1986. He won the Best Supporting Actor award twice at the Star Awards in 1998 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20107825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107825" title="Donato y Estefano">
Donato y Estefano

Donato y Estefano is a Latin pop duo formed by the collaboration of Fabio Alfonso Salgado ("Estefano"), a native of Cali, Colombia, and Donato Poveda of Havana, Cuba. Donato y Estefano were nominated twice for Pop Group of the Year at the 8th and 9th Lo Nuestro Awards.
Songs.
"(* Original video)"

</doc>
<doc id="20107829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107829" title="County and City Enterprise Board">
County and City Enterprise Board

Ireland's County & City Enterprise Boards (CCEBs) were established in 1993, as companies limited by guarantee, during a time of high unemployment (15.1%) and limited opportunity for business. They were given statutory status under the Industrial Development Act of 1995. Essentially they were created to stimulate economic development and to cultivate an ethos of local entrepreneurship. While their role is primarily a local one within a broader national strategy, their importance has been raised to an international level by the emphasis placed on entrepreneurship, innovation, incubation and balanced regional development by the European Union.
Functions.
The Enterprise Boards were established to "fill the gap in the support services for local enterprises" and to "develop indigenous potential and stimulate economic activity at local level primarily through the provision of financial and technical support for the development of small enterprises".
The primary goals of each enterprise board are designed to stimulate and promote local enterprise culture and entrepreneurship and to assist new business start ups, particularly through the provision of financial assistance. It also encourages the expansion and growth of existing small businesses through a range of measures such as training and mentoring.
The Irish economy has always relied heavily on its exports and in that respect, the County & City Enterprise Boards actively support those companies with a potential export capacity. Once a company reaches its export potential, Enterprise Ireland will incubate that company going forward. Ireland also depends heavily on its indigenous small and medium enterprises, (SMEs) for internal economic growth. These companies are the primary target for CEB support.
Since 2007, a "Small Enterprise" is defined by Enterprise Ireland, the government agency responsible for the development and promotion of the indigenous business sector, as an enterprise that has fewer than 50 employees and has either an annual turnover and/or an annual Balance Sheet total not exceeding €10m. A "Medium Sized Enterprise" is defined as an enterprise that has between 50 employees and 249 employees and has either an annual turnover not exceeding €50m or an annual Balance Sheet total not exceeding €43m.
At present, innovation, research and development, and the development of sound management capabilities are seen as crucial components of business success in the current difficult economic climate. All are supported at local level by the CEBSs. 
The Board.
Each board is made up of voluntary members representing the local council, local or national agencies and local community interests. The boards employ a small number of staff who deliver board supports in the locality.
Funding.
Funding to the Boards.
Funding for the Boards is provided by the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Employment through the CEB Central Co-Ordination Unit under the National Development Plan 2007–2013 (NDP). Part of this funding comes from the Exchequer and part from the European Regional Development Fund through the two Regional Assemblies: the South and East Region, and the Border, Midlands and West Region.
Funding available from the Boards.
The CEBs support the development of Micro-enterprises at local level. The CEBs can support individuals, firms and community groups provided that the proposed projects have the capacity to achieve commercial viability. The CEBs can provide both financial and non-financial assistance to a project promoter. The forms of financial assistance which are available, subject to certain restrictions, include Capital Grants, Employment Grants and Feasibility study Grants. The provision of non-financial assistance can take the form of a wide range of business advice and information services, management capability and development programmes and e-Commerce training initiatives. Details are available through each local CEB.
The basic criteria under which financial assistance is available from the CEBs is based primarily on factors such as the sector of the economy in which an enterprise is operating or intends to operate and the size, or proposed size, of the enterprise. The enterprise must be in the commercial sphere, must demonstrate a market for the proposed product/service, must have a capacity for growth and new job creation and must not employ more than 10 people. The CEBs give priority to enterprises in the manufacturing or internationally traded services sector and the CEBs must always give consideration to any potential for deadweight (possibility that project may have gone ahead anyway) and displacement (an assisted project might merely displace turnover or employment in competitor firm) arising from a proposed enterprise.
Statistics.
Recent independent evaluation undertaken by Fitzpatrick & Associates, on behalf of Forfas, Ireland's national policy and advisory board for enterprise, trade, science, technology and innovation, highlighted the central role the County & City Enterprise Boards have played in the development of local economies through enterprise.
Forfas have published a full copy of this report.

</doc>
<doc id="20107831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107831" title="Grevillea exul">
Grevillea exul

Grevillea exul is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteacae, endemic to New Caledonia.
It grows up to 10 metres in height and has narrow lancelolate to elliptic leaves which have a blunt apex. The flowers are usually white, followed by follicles which are 12 to 20 mm long and 9 to 15 mm in width.
Two subspecies are currently recognised - subsp. "exul" ("grevillea blanc") and subsp. "rubignosa" which has pink flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20107847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107847" title="South Valley Surprise of 2002">
South Valley Surprise of 2002

The South Valley Surprise of 2002 was a Pacific Northwest windstorm that affected the U.S. states of Oregon, Washington, California, Nevada, and Idaho on February 7, 2002.
Overview.
The storm underwent rapid cyclogenesis just before coming inland. The circulation was so small in area that the isobars were compacted tightly, thanks to a strong ridge of high pressure to the south, resulting in sustained winds of 50 mph with gusts above 70 mph. The South Valley Surprise was second only to the Columbus Day Storm in terms of wind speed for the southern Willamette Valley. The "surprise" was how rapidly the storm organized and matured, and its unanticipated strength. Thus, the public had no idea of the impending storm. The storm was able to tap into the jet stream and aim it towards the surface the phenomenon known as "Jet stream enhancement", which this usually occurs in the unstable air found in a cold front in a mid latitude cyclone. The result is extensive damage to structures both directly and indirectly from falling trees and debris.

</doc>
<doc id="20107852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107852" title="Jack the Ripper (2003 video game)">
Jack the Ripper (2003 video game)

Jack the Ripper is an adventure video game, based upon the unidentified serial killer Jack the Ripper. The game was released for Windows based PCs in 2003. It was developed by Galilea Games and published by The Adventure Company.
The game is set in New York in 1901, where James Palmer, a reporter of the newspaper "New York Today", is investigating a set of murders similar to those of "Jack the Ripper" in Whitechapel 13 years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20107870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107870" title="Neil Lawson Baker">
Neil Lawson Baker

Neil Lawson Baker (born 1938) is a British artist, sculptor and photographer.
Early life.
Baker attended the Merchant Taylors' School in Northwood, Middlesex as a day boy and then went on to Guy's Hospital in London where he qualified as a dental surgeon. Wishing to further his career, he went on to study medicine and qualified as a doctor in 1969 at St George's Hospital at Hyde Park Corner in the heart of London's West End (the building is now the Lanesborough Hotel). Baker then went on to work at The 31 Wilton Place Practice where he became senior partner and continued as a leading Dental Surgeon for a further 40 years, specialising in high quality restorative dentistry. He also founded The Oral Hygiene Centre at No1 Devonshire Place in the heart of London's Harley Street area. This was the first truly preventive dental practice of its type founded in 1978 and it certainly helped to pioneer preventive dentistry. He retired from practice at the age of 70 years – calling it "a career change" – into the art world.
Artistic career.
His first artistic expression came while at school where he made a lot of pottery, little of which survives.
Neil used his medical and dentistry knowledge to fund his passion for art and travelled the world visiting galleries and acquiring much contemporary art for his home in London. He developed a keen eye and formed a great interest, initially in the sculpture of Rodin and his school of followers, later moving to more contemporary schools.
His artistic passion was helped by meeting Adrien Maeght, the famous French art gallery and museum owner, who happened to be competing alongside Neil in the Paris – Nice vintage car rally in 1970 (Neil was a keen competitions driver in vintage cars). Invitations to visit the Galerie Maeght in Rue du Bac in Paris and later the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul de Vence to see paintings, sculpture and lithography by Picasso, Miró, Léger, Calder, Arp and many others, had a huge influence on what was to come.
After years of viewing and collecting, in 1987, during his recovery from a serious illness, Neil began to model sculptures as recuperative therapy. His surgeon's eye–hand skills were helped by a lesson from Kees Verkade, the well-known Dutch sculptor. Kees showed Neil how to model in wax. Neil soon found himself meeting Eric Gibbard at the Burleighfield Foundry who have done work for the Tate Gallery, Elizabeth Frink, Philip Jackson, and Oscar Nemon, indeed Eric cast every bronze of Barbara Hepworth's after 1952.
Eric became Neil's friend and mentor and took him to Paris to meet Charles Pinellis at the famous Susse-Fondeur in Arcueil. As a result he soon produced many bronze sculptures both in the UK and France and began selling to private collectors and then to corporate clients.
Many of his works can now be found in public places both in the UK and abroad. His sculptures may be seen in the entrance to the offices of the Houses of Parliament at Westminster; at British Gas Headquarters in Reading and Loughborough; in The London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange; near Albert Bridge at Sterling House on the River Thames; at the National Stadium in Kuala Lumpur; at Beirut University College in Lebanon and many other important sites.
Neil was also responsible for the sculpture unveiled by HM The Queen with President Mitterrand when they opened the 
Channel Tunnel in May 1994.
Late in 2003 Neil began to use colour and work on two dimensional pieces for the first time. His contemporary works of art are mostly abstract and vibrant and he is prolific in his output.
Neil uses Conté, watercolour and acrylic interchangeably. Many of the works are reminiscent of the art of the jazz musician (he was the lead saxophonist in his own swing band for some years, supporting more well-known bands) Neil moves his brush through the world of colour with great virtuosity. He paints as he played, with freedom and fluidity.
Since 2007, Neil has also been exploring the world of high resolution photography as a fine-art form producing a distinct style of work notably of Venice, Buenos Aires and London.
In 2006, Neil was appointed to the Board of The Arts Club in London and in 2007, Neil was appointed Chairman of the Trustees of the The Chichester Art Trust which manages and stages The National Open Art Competition and its Exhibitions both in Chichester and London.
Personal life.
Baker is married to Grace Lawson Baker, a Speech and Language therapist, and lives in West Sussex. His studio is in a barn at his home. He spends most of his time running The National Open Art Competition as Chairman of The Chichester Art Trust . ( Registered Charity No 1067096 ). He also continues riding and driving his classic cars, as well as pursuing his own personal artistic interests and travelling the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20107883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107883" title="Sir Richard Worsley, 7th Baronet">
Sir Richard Worsley, 7th Baronet

Sir Richard Worsley, 7th Baronet, FRS (13 February 1751 – 8 August 1805), was an English politician and a collector of antiquities.
Early life.
Richard Worsley was born in Britain on 13 February 1751, at Appuldurcombe, the son of Sir Thomas Worsley, 6th Baronet (1726–1768) and Elizabeth (1731–1800) (daughter of John Boyle, 5th Earl of Cork and Henrietta, his first wife). Richard Worsley succeeded to his father's baronetcy on 23 September 1768.
Life.
To 1778.
Educated at Winchester College, Richard spent about two years in Naples with his parents from 1765 to 1767 before matriculating at Corpus Christi College, Oxford on 9 April 1768. Instead of taking a degree, he decided to complete his education with a continental Grand Tour from 1769 to 1770, being tutored by D'Eyverdun, a friend of Edward Gibbon.
After his return to Britain he entered the House of Commons in 1774, for the constituency of Newport. He was a supporter of the Lord North government, and was appointed one of the clerks comptrollers of the board of green cloth in 1777 then comptroller of the king's household (1779–82), privy councillor (from 1780) and governor of the Isle of Wight (1780–82).
On 20 September 1775 he married Seymour Dorothy Fleming, the younger daughter and coheir of Sir John Fleming, 1st Baronet, of Brompton Park, Middlesex, and his wife, Lady (Jane) Fleming (died 1811). They had one legitimate son, Robert Edwin (1776–1795) and a daughter, and she brought over £70,000 to the marriage, but the marriage soon became unhappy.
In 1778 Worsley was elected both FSA and FRS.
1779–1788.
Worsley failed to win a seat at the Hampshire by-election of December 1779, and he lost all his offices when the North administration fell in 1782. Further damage was done to his political career by scandals involving his wife. She was rumoured to have 27 lovers, and in 1782 Richard brought a criminal conversation case for £20,000 against one of them, a Hampshire militia officer, George M Bissett who lived near to them. However, the jury decided that Richard had connived in the adultery and awarded him only 1 shilling in damages.
Richard left for Spain, Portugal, and France (1783–84, quitting his parliamentary seat after his departure) and then wintered in Rome. In February 1785 he left Rome for the Levant with Willey Reveley as draughtsman. He visited Athens (from 1785), the Greek interior, Rhodes, Cairo, Constantinople, Sigeion (1786), Troy (1786) and the Crimea. During his travels he built up a collection of gems, reliefs, paintings, sculpture and reliefs. He lost the paintings when the collection was interned in Portugal during his return from the east to Britain via Rome in 1787–88. In Rome he bought more antiquities from Thomas Jenkins and Giovanni Battista Piranesi, and became a friend of the Spanish ambassador, Jose Nicolas de Azara, and the antiquary, Ennio Quirino Visconti (who would later write the text for Worsley's publication of his collections (1794–1805)). On his return Worsley arranged the collection at his house at Appuldurcombe, where he had the grounds landscaped by Capability Brown. His was the most extensive collection of ancient Greek sculpture in Britain, before the arrival of Elgin's marbles.
In 1788 he and his estranged wife entered into articles of separation (after the separation she reverted to her birth name); and Richard began an affair with a Mrs Sarah Smith, which lasted until his death.
1790–1805.
Worsley re-entered Parliament as MP for Newtown from 1790 to 1793.
He then became British ambassador to the Republic of Venice from 1794 to Venice's annexation by France in 1797. In the latter post he continued collecting (the French Revolutionary Wars keeping prices low for antiquities at the time) and worked hard to keep France's ambassador from taking advantage of Venice's staying neutral. He managed to escape Venice when it was invaded by the French, transferring soon after his departure from a civilian convoy to a 14-gun Royal Navy sloop, leaving his art collections from Venice on the convoy with instructions to stay at Fiume to await a more peaceful situation in which to continue to England. He landed in England in mid-September 1797 and received a £600 annuity from the crown for his services.
Having been re-elected "in absentia" for Newtown in 1796, he held that seat from then until Pitt the Younger resigned in February 1801.
From then on he went into seclusion, principally at Sea Cottage (later known as Marine Villa), built by him in the early 1790s near St Lawrence, in the Undercliff of the Isle of Wight, adding small classical temples in its grounds and making a failed attempt to add a vineyard. In 1801 he received news from a British government agent that a French privateer had brought the ship carrying his art treasures into Malaga and that the paintings onboard had been bought up cheaply by Lucien Bonaparte. All that was left were the antiquities, which he managed to reacquire by paying the French bounty on them.
Worsley was unable to defend the Isle against the Napoleonic invasion threat because of ill health, but he carried on collecting until his death.
He died of apoplexy on 8 August 1805 at Appledurcombe. He was buried at the parish church at Godshill and his title of 'baronet' passed to his fourth cousin, Henry Worsley-Holmes. On Richard's death his wife's £70,000 jointure reverted to her, and just over a month later, on 12 September, she re-married to John Lewis Cuchet at Farnham. Worsley left the estate saddled with heavy debts. Appuldurcombe passed to his niece, Henrietta Anna Maria Charlotte (daughter of John Bridgeman Simpson), who married the Hon. Charles Anderson-Pelham, later first earl of Yarborough, in 1806; and most of Worsley's collections went to Brocklesby Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20107900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107900" title="Jacques Georges Deyverdun">
Jacques Georges Deyverdun

Jacques Georges Deyverdun (8 May 1734, Lausanne - 4 July 1789, Aix-les-Bains) was a Swiss classical scholar and translator. He translated Goethe's "The Sorrows of Young Werther" into French. He met Edward Gibbon in Lausanne and the two became friends. He also acted as tutor to several English noblemen on the Grand Tour such as Philip Stanhope, 5th Earl of Chesterfield and Sir Richard Worsley, 7th Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="20107910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107910" title="Food of the Gods II">
Food of the Gods II

Food of the Gods II, sometimes referred to as Gnaw: Food of the Gods II as well as Food of the Gods part 2, is a 1989 film that is a very loose sequel to the 1976 Bert I. Gordon film based on H.G. Wells' novel, "The Food of the Gods". It is a sequel in name only, as its plot bears no relation to the 1976 film.
Plot.
Dr. Neil Hamilton (Paul Coufos) receives a call from his mentor Dr. Kate Travis (Jackie Burroughs) about a young boy named Bobby, whose deficient growth has been treated with Travis' experimental serum. Bobby has swiftly and unexpectedly grown larger than a full-grown adult and become violent. To find an antidote, Neil takes a sample of the serum back to his lab at a university science complex. There, animal-rights activists led by Mark Hales (Réal Andrews) and Neil's girlfriend Alex Reed (Lisa Schrage) are protesting the work of Prof. Edmund Delhurst (Colin Fox), who claims to study cancer but in fact subjects animals to experimentation seeking a cure for baldness.
Neil and his assistant Joshua (Frank Pellegrino) inject the serum into some lab rats. That night, the activists (minus Alex) break into the complex to trash Delhurst's lab and accidentally release the now-giant rats, which kill Mark and escape into the campus' utility tunnels. Police Lieutenant Weizel (Michael Copeman) does not believe the surviving activists' statements despite Neil's corroboration about the serum, and Dean White (David B. Nichols) hires a pair of exterminators to handle what he believes are normal-sized rats.
The giant rats kill several people, including one of the exterminators and the surviving activists who tried to hunt the animals down themselves. Delhurst's assistant, a janitor named Zeke, and three students are also killed. Although Lieutenant Weizel is convinced of the threat, Dean White remains skeptical and refuses to shut the campus down because of the upcoming grand opening of the university's new sports complex. When Joshua falls victim to the rats, Neil attacks the Dean and is fired.
Delhurst steals the serum sample and tests it, first on Neil's pet rat Louise, then on a sample of cancer cells. He accidentally contaminates himself with treated cells and dies within minutes as his entire body develops massive tumors. Neil returns to the lab to retrieve the antidote he has created, testing it by destroying Delhurst's transformed corpse. Meanwhile, the rats attack the swimming competition being held in the new sports complex, killing several people including Dean White.
Neil uses the enlarged but still-docile Louise, who is in heat, to lure the giant (male) rats into the university courtyard where Weizel and his men gun them all down. Neil phones Dr. Travis to inform her of the antidote, but it is too late; Bobby, now psychotic and larger than ever, kills Travis while she is on the phone and escapes.

</doc>
<doc id="20107934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107934" title="Adriana Muñoz">
Adriana Muñoz

Adriana Muñoz Premier (born 16 March 1982) is a Cuban middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.
At the Pan American Games she won gold medals in both events, the latter in a career best time of 4:09.57 minutes. She also competed in 800 metres at the 2003 World Championships, but without reaching the final.
Her personal best 800 metres time as 2:00.10 minutes, achieved in June 2004 in Havana.

</doc>
<doc id="20107937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107937" title="Chautauqua Tower">
Chautauqua Tower

The Chautauqua Tower is located at Glen Echo Park in Montgomery County, Maryland, USA. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque circular structure of irregularly shaped, rough-faced stone, dominating the central entrance to the park. Construction of the tower was started in either 1890 or 1891, it was completed in 1892, and is approximately 34 feet in diameter and three stories high, capped by an 11-sided roof of steep pitch with a flagpole rising from its peak. It is the sole intact physical remnant of the late-19th century Chautauqua movement at Glen Echo, Maryland, and as a local specimen of late-Victorian rustic architecture. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The tower was originally part of a large complex of buildings at the entrance of the Glen Echo Chautauqua. The National Register of Historic Places nomination form correctly identifies the architect, Victor Mindeleff, but misspells his name. Mindeleff is best known for his work with the Bureau of American Ethnology.
Currently, the Tower is the studio of Artist in Residence J. Jordan Bruns. The first floor is also used as studio space by artists on a monthly basis. 

</doc>
<doc id="20107970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107970" title="East of Scotland Universities Air Squadron">
East of Scotland Universities Air Squadron

The East of Scotland Universities Air Squadron (), commonly known as ESUAS, is a squadron within the Royal Air Force established in 2003 as an amalgamation of "East Lowlands Universities Air Squadron" and "Aberdeen, Dundee and St Andrews Universities Air Squadron". It is based at Royal Air Force Leuchars, in Fife and flies a fleet of 7 Grob Tutor aircraft. ESUAS is the parent Squadron of 12 Air Experience Flight, who share the aircraft. 
A Squadron Leader is the Commanding Officer and ESUAS has another 3 Qualified Flying Instructors, Chief Ground Instructor, and a Ground Training Instructor. There are some 86 students, 13 civilian support staff who are contracted from Babcock, plus an adjutant and 3 civilian admin staff. 
Students apply to join ESUAS at their university's Freshers' Fair and then undergo a selection process. If successful they are attested and join the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve as an Officer Cadet symbolised by a white rank tab. Normally, students are recruited for a period of 2 years. Currently, ESUAS recruit from 9 academic institutions in Eastern Scotland: Edinburgh, Heriot-Watt, Napier, QMU, RGU, Aberdeen, St Andrews, Dundee, and Abertay.
ESUAS activities include flying training, sports including Rugby and Football, military and leadership training, adventurous training, charity and community work and a social scene. The aim of ESUAS, like other University Air Squadrons is to let young people experience life in the Royal Air Force, without commitment to regular service and to provide training in the fields mentioned. ESUAS also parents sponsored students, on cadetships or bursaries, who will go on to join the RAF.

</doc>
<doc id="20107971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107971" title="Abdul Malik">
Abdul Malik

Abdul Malik () is an Arabic (Muslim or Christian) male given name and, in modern usage, surname. It is built from the Arabic words "Abd", "al-" and "Malik". The name means "servant of the King", "Al-Malik" being one of the names of God in the Qur'an, which give rise to the Muslim theophoric names.
The letter "a" of the "al-" is unstressed, and can be transliterated by almost any vowel, often by "e". So the first part can appear as Abdel, Abdul or Abd-al. The second part may appear as Malik, Malek or in other ways. The whole name is subject to variable spacing and hyphenation. 
There is a distinct but related name, Abdul Maalik (), meaning "servant of the Owner", referring to the Qur'anic name "Mālik-ul-Mulk". The two names are difficult to distinguish in transliteration, and some of the names below are instance of the latter one.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20107974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107974" title="Chiswell's Inheritance">
Chiswell's Inheritance

Chiswell's Inheritance, also known as Chiswell's Manor, Chiswell's Delight and Grayhaven Manor, is a historic home located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story, five-bay brick plantation house with an attached kitchen wing on the south end. Inlaid in glazed brick near the peak of the gable is the inscription "C S" with the date "1796" below. 
Chiswell's Inheritance was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20107988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107988" title="Norzailina Nordin">
Norzailina Nordin

Norzailina Nordin, also known as Chef Lin (born May 10, 1962) is a celebrity chef who has over 16 years of experience in magazines, television shows, cooking demonstrations and judge in cooking competitions. She also does translations and editing of English cookbooks into Bahasa Melayu. During the past 16 years, she has 17 cookbooks and some are available in international markets.
She is also a novelist who published her first novel in 1994. In the writing arena, she has been invited to give talks at seminars held in universities, libraries and schools. Until now, she has written more than 25 novels including two stories about children with genetic diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="20107990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20107990" title="The Penance and the Patience">
The Penance and the Patience

The Penance and the Patience is the debut EP by Australian rock band Closure in Moscow, released on 18 April 2008 through Taperjean Records. The band advertised the EP as an 'albumette'.
The EP was originally only released in Australia, New Zealand and Japan through Taperjean Records. It was also available for import to overseas countries through Fist2Face, and through the iTunes Store as a worldwide digital download. The albumette debuted at #13 on the Australian Independent Record (AIR) album charts. It has received over one million MySpace plays and earned the band a mention in "Alternative Press", as one of the "100 Bands You Need to Know in 2009".

</doc>
<doc id="20108009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108009" title="Etc. Work">
Etc. Work

Etc. Work is the fifth album released in 2008 by the Okinawa band Mongol800. This album is the 10th Anniversary release. The tracks include various works with other Okinwan bands, and a few songs written and composed with just the band themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20108019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108019" title="Ernst Weiner">
Ernst Weiner

Ernst Josef Albert Weiner (1913 – 17 December 1945) was a German SS Hauptsturmführer during World War II, most noted for his role in the Sicherheitspolizei in Norway during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.
As a head of the intelligence department Sipo IV N in the Sicherheitspolizei in Oslo, Weiner was involved in the retaliation operation Blumenpflücken, and personally conducted the first four murders; on Einar Hærland, Sigurd Roll, Gunnar Spangen and Sigrid Hammerø. Arnfinn Moland does not include Hammerø in his book about liquidations.
In 1945, the occupation ended and Weiner was arrested. He was interrogated as a part of the legal purge in Norway after World War II, but never convicted, as he shot and killed himself and a fellow prisoner on 17 December 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20108022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108022" title="Tomás Graves">
Tomás Graves

Tomás Graves (born 27 January 1953, Palma de Mallorca, Spain), is a graphic designer, printer, musician and writer. He is the son of poet Robert Graves and Beryl Graves (née Hodge).
In 1964, he began at Bedales boarding school in England. In 1972 he began studying typographic design at the London College of Printing. In 1975, he returned to Majorca and began working as a designer, photographer and musician. In 1979, he travelled to Nicaragua for six months to observe and document the Sandinista revolution in recordings and photographs, and playing with the Teatro Popular Sandinista.
He joined the Mallorcan band, "Pa Amb Oli" ("Bread and Olive Oil") in 1980. The same year, he met his future wife, Carmen. In 1983, Graves and Carmen established the New Seizin Press in Deià, producing entirely hand-made books until 2000. Their daughter, Rocío, was born in 1987, and Tomás and Carmen married in 1996.
He began writing and translating in 1996. His first translation was of "Beloved Majorcans" into English, followed by his own work in Spanish, "Un Hogar en Mallorca" ("A Home in Majorca"). "Volem Pa Amb Oli" was translated as "Bread and Oil" and has also appeared in Dutch ("Brood en Olie"). His first book written in English was "Tuning Up at Dawn".
Published works.
With Pere Joan
Contributions to:

</doc>
<doc id="20108064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108064" title="Clifton (Ednor, Maryland)">
Clifton (Ednor, Maryland)

Clifton is a historic home located at Ednor, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story gambrel-roofed brick structure with a lower north wing, also with a gambrel roof. Outbuildings on the property include a wood-frame shed and a guest house or cottage. It is one of the few extant mid-18th-century buildings in Montgomery County and is associated with the local Quaker community, which by 1753 had been organized into the Sandy Spring Meeting of Friends.
Clifton was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20108171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108171" title="1998 du Maurier Open">
1998 du Maurier Open

The 1998 du Maurier Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 110th edition of the Canada Masters and was part of the Super 9 of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 1998 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto in Canada from August 3 through August 10, 1998 while the women's event took place at the du Maurier Stadium in Montreal in Canada from August 17 through August 23, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20108177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108177" title="National Reconciliation Week">
National Reconciliation Week

National Reconciliation Week was initiated in 1996 by Reconciliation Australia to celebrate indigenous history and culture in Australia and foster reconciliation discussion and activities. It is held between 27 May and 3 June of each year, with the dates holding special historical significance: the former marks the anniversary of the 1967 referendum in Australia and the latter marks the anniversary of High Court of Australia judgement on the Mabo v Queensland of 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20108183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108183" title="Clover Hill (Brookeville, Maryland)">
Clover Hill (Brookeville, Maryland)

Clover Hill is a historic home located at Brookeville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a large, -story, five bay Italianate-style residence principally built about 1857, with evidence of several earlier building campaigns, including a log dwelling from the mid 18th century. The ruins of a large bank barn and a stone springhouse stand on the property. The house was built by Ephraim Gaither, a Maryland legislator (1817–1820) and locally prominent citizen.
Clover Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20108254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108254" title="2004 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters">
2004 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters

The 2004 Cincinnati Masters (also known as the "Western & Southern Financial Group Masters" and "Western & Southern Financial Group Women's Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 103rd edition of the Cincinnati Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2004 ATP Tour, and of the Tier III Series of the 2004 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason, near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It was the first Cincinnati event to feature both men and women's draws since 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20108293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108293" title="Kjelsås Fotball">
Kjelsås Fotball

Kjelsås Fotball is the association football section of the sports club Kjelsås IL, based in the Kjelsås/Grefsen area of Oslo, Norway. The club was founded in 1913. It currently plays in the Second Division, having been after being relegated from the First Division in 2001.
Kjelsås played play-off against Kongsvinger to earn promotion to Tippeligaen in 1998, but lost 7-2 on aggregate. On 11 May 2011, Kjelsås eliminated the top-tier team Vålerenga in the second round of the 2011 Norwegian Cup.
Club records.
Record attendance
Club achievements

</doc>
<doc id="20108308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108308" title="Monk Bretton railway station">
Monk Bretton railway station

Monk Bretton railway station was a railway station that served the village of Monk Bretton, South Yorkshire, England. It was built by the Midland Railway in their characteristic country style and is sited on the line between Barnsley Court House and Cudworth. The station was double track with two flanking platforms approached from the nearby road over bridge, the main buildings being on the Barnsley bound platform. A signal box, in typical Midland Railway design, was situated at the outer end of the Cudworth platform.
The station closed on 27 September 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20108314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108314" title="Darnall Place">
Darnall Place

Darnall Place is a historic farm complex located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. The farm complex consists of four small 18th-century stone buildings, a 19th-century frame wagon shed/corn crib, a 20th-century concrete block barn, and three late-19th- or early-20th-century frame sheds. The stone buildings are all constructed of red-brown Seneca sandstone. The one-story dwelling has a large external stone chimney on the east end. The farmstead is reminiscent of those in Europe or the British Isles.
Darnall Place was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20108316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108316" title="Gravelly Point Park">
Gravelly Point Park

Gravelly Point Park is a park in Arlington, Virginia, United States. It is located north of Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, along the George Washington Memorial Parkwayand across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C. It is a part of the National Park Service. A paved path links it to the Mount Vernon Trail.[http://www.nps.gov/gwmp/planyourvisit/mtvernontrail.htm
Today, the park is a primary intersection on weekends of boaters, cyclists, and airplane-spotters. Its unique location just a few hundred feet from the north end of National's runway 1/19 makes it one of the best spots in the United States for airplane-spotting. It also has a boat launch.[http://www.dgif.virginia.gov/boating/access/?filtertype=fips&fips=013] 
Originally, the area known as Gravelly Point was where Captain John Alexander built a home called Abingdon in 1746. Abingdon was purchased in 1778 by John Parke Custis, the adopted stepson of President George Washington. It was the birthplace of Washington’s beloved granddaughter, Eleanor Parke Custis. Abingdon was destroyed by fire in 1930 and the ruins stabilized. In 1998, the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority preserved the site and created an exhibit of artifacts found there in the Exhibit Hall, located in Terminal A of Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport.
"Gravelly Point" is also the name and subject of a song by Washington, DC-area indie rock band "skypunch." The song can be heard on their site: www.sky-punch.com/tunes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20108375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108375" title="Criminal conversation">
Criminal conversation

Criminal conversation, commonly known as crim. con., is a tort arising from adultery.
It is similar to breach of promise, a former tort involving a broken engagement against the betrothed, and alienation of affections, a tort action brought by a deserted spouse against a third party.
History of criminal conversation.
It was based upon compensation for the husband's loss of property rights in his wife, the wife being regarded as his chattel. Historically a wife could not sue her husband for adultery, as he could not be her chattel if she was already his. The tort was abolished in England in 1857, and the Republic of Ireland in 1976. It still exists in parts of the United States, but the application has changed. At least 29 states have abolished the tort by statute and another 4 have abolished it by common law.
Suits for criminal conversation reached their height in late 18th and early 19th-century England, where large sums, often between £10,000 and £20,000 could be demanded by the plaintiff, for "debauching" his wife. These suits were conducted at the Court of the King's Bench in Westminster Hall, and were highly publicised by publishers such as Edmund Curll and in the newspapers of the day. Although the plaintiff, defendant, or the wife accused of the adultery were all not permitted to take the stand, evidence of the adulterous behaviour was presented by servants or observers.
A number of very sensational cases were heard in the second half of the 18th century, including "Grosvenor v. Cumberland" in 1769, where Lord Grosvenor sued the King's brother, the Duke of Cumberland for crim con with his wife, being awarded damages of £10,000; and "Worsley v. Bisset" in 1782, where Sir Richard Worsley lost his case against George Bisset, after it had been found that Sir Richard had colluded in his own dishonour, by showing his friend his wife Seymour Dorothy Fleming naked in a bath house. In 1796, the Earl of Westmeath was awarded £10,000 against his wife's lover, Augustus Bradshaw.
Modern usage.
The tort of criminal conversation seeks damages for the act of sexual intercourse outside marriage, between the spouse and a third party. Each act of adultery can give rise to a separate claim for criminal conversation.
The tort is still recognized in a minority of states in the United States, although it has been abolished either legislatively or judicially in most.
The tort has seen particular use in North Carolina. In the case of "Cannon v. Miller", 71 N.C. App. 460, 322 S.E.2d 780 (1984), the North Carolina Court of Appeals (the state's intermediate appellate court), abolished the tort of criminal conversation, as well as the tort of alienation of affections, in the state. However, the North Carolina Supreme Court summarily vacated the Court of Appeals's decision shortly thereafter, saying in a brief opinion that the Court of Appeals had improperly sought to overrule earlier decisions of the Supreme Court. "Cannon v. Miller", 313 N.C. 324, 327 S.E.2d 888 (1985). In 2009, the General Assembly approved legislation which placed some limits on such lawsuits. The bill was signed into law by Governor Bev Perdue on August 3, 2009, and is codified under Chapter 52 of the North Carolina General Statutes:
Each of the three limitations arose from a recent North Carolina legal case involving the tort. In "Jones v. Skelley", 195 N.C. App. 500, 673 S.E.2d 385 (2009), the North Carolina Court of Appeals had held that the tort applies even to legally separated spouses. In "Misenheimer v. Burris", 360 N.C. 620, 637 S.E.2d 173 (2006), the North Carolina Supreme Court held that the statute of limitation commences when the affair should have been discovered rather than when it occurred. In "Smith v. Lee", 2007 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 78987, the Federal District Court for the Western District of North Carolina noted that the question of whether an employer could be held liable for an affair conducted by an employee on a business trip was still unsettled in North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20108376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108376" title="Neopaganism in Latin Europe">
Neopaganism in Latin Europe

Italy, Spain, and Portugal are traditionally Roman Catholic and according to the 2005 Eurobarometer Poll retain an above average belief in God. France is traditionally Roman Catholic as well and has an above average fraction of atheists. Romania and Moldova are Eastern Orthodox countries and both are very religious. 
The Neopagan movements found in Latin Europe can be divided into New Age spirituality inspired by Celtic or Megalithic templates on one hand (Neodruidism, Neoshamanism), polytheistic reconstructionism, either focusing on the ancient Roman religion or other native religions of Latin Europe (such as those of pre-Roman Iberia, Italy, and Romania), and political Neopaganism as part of Alain de Benoist's far-right ideology of the "Nouvelle Droite" on the other.
France.
In the 1980s, Alain de Benoist theorized the "Nouvelle Droite" movement, creating the GRECE in 1968 with the Club de l'Horloge. They advocated an ethno-nationalism stance focused on European culture, which advocated a return of paganism. Members of the GRECE quit the think tank in the 1980s, such as Pierre Vial who joined the FN, or Guillaume Faye who quit the organization along with others members in 1986. Faye participated in 2006 in a conference in the US organized by the American Renaissance white separatist magazine published by the New Century Foundation. The philosophical background uniting Neopaganism and the "Nouvelle Droite" is the occultist or esoteric literature of "Integral Traditionalism" of René Guénon, Julius Evola and others. The influence of the "Nouvelle Droite" goes beyond France and is found in e.g., Belgian (Flemish) neopaganism, such as the brand of Asatru advocated by Flemish neo-fascist and high priest Koenraad Logghe.
The Libre Assemblée Païenne Francophone (LAPF) self-identifies as an association of "convinced free-thinking and humanist pagans". Their "Horizons Païens" journal appears twice yearly (since 2005). They oppose all kinds of ethnic discrimination.
Italy.
Faraoni (2006) is a review of neo-paganism in Italy. The author interviews "Cronos", president of the only Wiccan association in Italy, and "Vanth Spirit Walker", organizer of "Pagan Pride Italia".
Besides syncretist or New Age groups, Italy has several pagan associations dedicated to the Ancient Roman religion, including Associazione Culturale Ignis, Associazione GENTILITAS - Spiritualità Italica, Associazione Tradizionale Pietas, Associazione Romània Quirites.
Three Italian groups are listed as members of the World Congress of Ethnic Religions, "Movimento Tradizionale Romano", "Federazione Pagana" and "Associazione Gentilitas - Spiritualità Italica".
Spain.
In 2004, Cardinal Alfonso Lopez Trujillo, president of the Pontifical Council for the Family issued a warning that "Spain is at risk from the spread of neo-paganism":
On December 23, 2011, the Spanish Government officially acknowledged Wicca to be a religion, Wicca Tradition Celtiberian in the Register of religious bodies with the reference 2560-SG / A, being the first country for Europe and the second in the world after U.S.A., to recognize it. Celtiberian tradition of Wicca, consisting of Fernando Gonzalez in the 80's of the twentieth century from the Hispanic Traditional Witchcraft to which he belongs, is a structured religion through the symbiosis between "traditionalism wizard" (inciatic and mystery), the historical reconstructionist (cultural and archaeological) and "adaptationism" liturgical (conditioning ceremonial) of Hispanic Traditional Witchcraft, paganism, religious worship pre-Christian Celtic and Iberian mainly and those that were previously formed (shamanism, Neolithic and Paleolithic cults).
There is a small amount of Germanic neopaganism found in Spain, which includes the Comunidad Odinista de España-Asatru (COE) founded as "Circulo Odinista Español" in 1981. The COE was recognized by the Spanish government as a religion, allowing them to perform "legally binding civil ceremonies", such as marriages. COE is the fourth Odinist/Asatru religious organization in the world to be recognized with official status, after those in Iceland, Norway and Denmark. In December 2007, they conducted first legal pagan wedding in Spain, on the beach of Vilanova, Barcelona.
But in Spain there is no just one asatrú-odinist community, there are a lot of them. Another example of asatrú communities in Spain is "Circulo Asatrú Tradición Hispánica", also known as "CATH". They, in opposite to COE, think that the organisation of the asatrú community should be organized in assembly, like their ancestors or even the gods.
Portugal.
Following the line of visibility that the Wiccan Religious Confession, Celtiberian Tradition, imposed throughout the institution, this Tradition Wicca also established in Portugal has taken the first step and once applied for registration in the relevant Register, has just been registered and is therefore has become the first Confession Pagan recognized as religion in the history of Portugal. Thus, the Portuguese public administration has been entered in the Register of Religious Entities Religious Confession to Wicca, Celtiberian tradition with the nomenclature: Data of Criação: 26/6/12 Confissão Wiccan Religious Celtiberian. Permanent Representação. NIPC: 980474531 - CAE / P: 94910. This milestone is also clear that Portugal is de facto the second country in Europe and third in the world after the U.S.A. and Spain, to legalize a Wiccan Religious Worship.
Romania.
"See:" Zamolxianism

</doc>
<doc id="20108388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108388" title="George Bisset">
George Bisset

George Bisset or George Bissett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20108417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108417" title="Christian Fröhlich">
Christian Fröhlich

Christian Fröhlich (born 27 October 1977 in Dresden) is a German footballer who plays for Heidenauer SV.

</doc>
<doc id="20108433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108433" title="Allan Sproul">
Allan Sproul

Allan Sproul (March 9, 1896 – April 9, 1978) was an American banker. Widely regarded as one of the world's foremost central bankers, he served as President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 1941 to 1956.
Biography.
He was born on March 9, 1896 in San Francisco, California. He graduated from the University of California at Berkeley and was awarded a J.D. from New York University. He joined the Federal Reserve System in 1920 as head of the division of analysis and research of the San Francisco Fed. In 1930, he came to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as an assistant deputy governor and secretary, and six years later, when official titles changed, he was appointed first vice president.
As one of the leading central bankers in United States history, Sproul made major contributions in solving monetary problems. He was named vice chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee (the System’s top monetary policymaking unit) when the New York Fed was given permanent representation on that committee in 1942.
In 1956, he resigned from the New York Fed and returned to California to serve as a director of Wells Fargo Bank. He was appointed a director of that bank’s holding company in 1969. Sproul also served as a director of Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation.
He died of a heart attack at his home in California on April 9, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20108450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108450" title="SMRT Active Route Map Information System">
SMRT Active Route Map Information System

The SMRT Active Route Map Information System (stylized as STARiS) is a rail travel information system developed in house by communications engineers from SMRT Corporation for its North South Line and East West Line trains in Singapore. This system was officially announced on November 7, 2008 and firstly installed on a Kawasaki Heavy Industries C151 train, trainset 053/054 for a 2 month trial. This was later extended to other trains from February 2009. 
History.
An earlier tested version of the Active Route Map had the North South Line and East West Line map with a black background and had an additional LED screen capable of displaying text. The text and station symbols were also not in the standard Land Transport Authority (LTA) font and design while the light indicating the side doors would open was a single small light. Only some of the remaining unrefurbished C151 trains uses it until November 2007. 
Later on, beginning from trainset 053/054 as a refurbished train, this has since been modified to the current version based on the LTA font, symbols and based on a white background with a separate VFD for displaying text located aside from the Active Route Map and 6 LED bulbs now indicate the side train doors open.
The next generation "STARiS version 2.0" is currently being developed. It will have real-time multi-purpose displays that features landmarks in the vicinity of a station when the train arrives at a station. Animated advertisements will also be available. C751B trainset 321/322 has "STARiS version 2.0" installed on set 322, but the process had been scrapped.
Overview.
STARiS comprises a system of 4 Vacuum Fluorescent Displays (VFD) mounted at an angle from the ceiling and 8 active route maps mounted above every door in each car. The VFDs indicate the train service's direction of travel, terminal station, side of doors opening, doors closing messages, current station, next station, interchange station and displays multi-language text synchronized with in-train audio announcements. The active route maps indicate the line of travel, direction of travel, side of doors opening, current station, next station, terminal station, interchange station and the corresponding line for interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="20108461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108461" title="HLS Systems International, Ltd.">
HLS Systems International, Ltd.

HLS Systems International, Ltd., based in Beijing, China, with 1,700 employees, is the largest domestic provider of automation control systems to China's surging nuclear, rail and industrial markets. HLS has developed a series of proprietary international standards quality, low cost control systems.
The Company specializes in the research, development, production, sale and distribution of industrial automation and control systems. On September 20, 2007, HLS Systems International Ltd. completed the acquisition of Gifted Time Holdings, Limited (Gifted Time) pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2006, as amended (the Stock Purchase Agreement). Gifted Time owns a controlling interest in operating companies in the PRC known as HollySys. Concurrent with that stock purchase, Chardan North China Acquisition Corporation (Chardan) was merged with and into HLS.
Automated controls manufactured by Hollysys were implicated in train crashes in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20108462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108462" title="Italo-Roman neopaganism">
Italo-Roman neopaganism

Italo-Roman Neopaganism, known variously as Religio Romana ("Roman religion") in Latin, the Roman Way to the Gods in Italian and Spanish ("via romana agli dei" and "camino romano a los dioses", respectively), Cultus Deorum Romanorum ("worship of the Roman gods"), Italo-Roman Tradition or Romano-Italic Tradition, is a contemporary reconstructionist movement reviving traditional Roman and Italic religious cults consisting of loosely related organizations.
Adherents can be found across Latin Europe, mainly Italy, but also in the Americas, the latter exemplified by Nova Roma.
As usually grouped in Italian literature, the Italian movements may not correspond precisely with the English-literature notion of reconstructionism, but to a more encompassing notion of "Roman Pagan traditionPonte, «Le correnti della tradizione pagana romana in Italia», Algiza, 7 (aprile 1997), pp. 4-8. [http://www.centrostudilaruna.it/delponte.html web version</ref> Loosely influenced by Julius Evola and Arturo Reghini's Ur Group of the 1920s, various other grupuscules have appeared in Italy, most notably the Movimento Tradizionale Romano and Curia Romana Patrum in the 1980s, which unified some calendars. Among the successes of the movement in Italy are two marriages: one in 1989 and one in 1992. CESNUR maintains a page with various other organizations and their history.

</doc>
<doc id="20108471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108471" title="Kirikou (video game)">
Kirikou (video game)

Kirikou is a 2001 platform video game based upon the 1998 French film "Kirikou and the Sorceress". It was developed by Étranges Libellules for the PlayStation, Planet Interactive for the Game Boy Color and Krysalide for Microsoft Windows. It was published Wanadoo.

</doc>
<doc id="20108492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108492" title="Tamluk Hamilton High School">
Tamluk Hamilton High School

Tamluk Hamilton High School, India has its origin in 1852, five years before the birth of the University of Calcutta and is the second oldest school in the district of Midnapore.
History.
The school is the second oldest institution in the district of Medinipur. It was founded in 1852 by Mr. Robert Charles Hamilton, who was a salt merchant.
School uniform.
White shirt with black shorts or trousers, white socks and black shoes. A school badge is pinned to the shirt.
External Links.
Website: Tamluk Hamilton High School : West Bengal

</doc>
<doc id="20108494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108494" title="Stenkullen">
Stenkullen

Stenkullen is a part of Lerum Municipality, Sweden. Stenkullen is made up mainly of the school Stenkulan and its sports facility. It also has the largest skatepark in the Municipality. It is home for the soccer team Stenkullens GoIK and the ice hockey team Lerums boll klubb (LBK), where NHL player Loui Eriksson started playing hockey. It's a large industrial city in Lerum municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20108611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108611" title="Thomas Graves">
Thomas Graves

Thomas or Tom Graves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20108629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108629" title="Guido de Castro Ficeclo">
Guido de Castro Ficeclo

Guido de Castro Ficeclo (died 1147) was Italian Cardinal Deacon of S. Apollinare created by pope Innocent II in 1139. In 1139 he was governor of Benevento. He subscribed the papal bulls between March 27, 1140 and December 27, 1146. From 1142 until 1144 he served as papal legate in the Duchy of Bohemia. He participated in the papal election, 1145.

</doc>
<doc id="20108635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108635" title="Fritz Weitzel">
Fritz Weitzel

Fritz Weitzel (27 April 1904 - 19 June 1940) was a German SS Obergruppenführer.
He became a member of Nazi Party in 1925 and of SS in 1926. In 1930 he was promoted to leader of SS in Rheinland and Ruhr. He became "Polizeipräsident" in Düsseldorf in 1933, and "Höherer SS- und Polizeiführer West" in 1938. During 1939 Weitzel wrote the book "Celebrations of the SS Family" which described the holidays to be celebrated along with how married SS men and their families should celebrate them. This book written by Weitzel described how the Julleuchter should be used, which was a Yuletide gift by Himmler to the SS. Following the German invasion of Norway on 9 April 1940, Weitzel was brought to Norway on 21 April to become "Höherer SS- und Polizeiführer" in the country's capital, Oslo. He would not last in this position for long, however, as he was killed by shrapnel in an aerial attack on his home town Düsseldorf during a visit on 19 June 1940. 
. He is buried in the cemetery at Düsseldorf.
Like Richard Walther Darré, "Weitzel" was one of the key figures concerning the cultural aspects of the SS. His book "Die Gestaltung der Feste" helped Himmler with what he called the “arteigene Kultur”, which was the recreated German pagan religion.
References.
(1) Fritz Weitzel, "Las Ceremonias de la Orden SS", Spanish language full translation edition (40 pages original text with appendices) published by Ediciones Hispanoamericanas, Buenos Aires 2001: current reprint by Ediciones Occidente, Villa Crespo, Buenos Aires ISBN 98712670503 . The details of Weitzel's career are taken from Appendix 1, "The Author".

</doc>
<doc id="20108638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108638" title="All People's Party (Bhutan)">
All People's Party (Bhutan)

The All People's Party (APP) is a former political party in Bhutan. Its leader was former and future Prime Minister Jigme Y. Thinley.
On July 25, 2007, the relatively strong APP merged with the failing Bhutan People's Unity Party, led by former lyonpo (assemblyman) Yeshey Zimba; the two parties unified as the Bhutan Peace and Prosperity Party. Both the PUP and APP had been registered with the Election Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20108644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108644" title="Max Foster">
Max Foster

Max Foster (born 30 October 1972) is an Anchor-Correspondent for CNN International, based in London.
Education.
Foster spent most of his childhood in Wiltshire, England where he attended Ridgeway School, Swindon and Dauntsey's School, Devizes. Foster read Business Administration at Cardiff University and completed a Postgraduate Diploma in Broadcast Journalism at Highbury College, Portsmouth.
Early career.
Foster started his career at the age of 16 on Hospital Radio Swindon with his own weekly entertainment programme. At University, he approached the local BBC office and was offered a reporter position on Rave, a national entertainment show on BBC Radio Five hosted by Rob Brydon. After spotting Anthony Hopkins at a local restaurant and requesting an interview, Foster secured an exclusive. He later gained a place at graduate journalism school, which included a work placement at BBC Wiltshire Sound in Swindon. Foster was offered a reporter contract and he stayed there for two years.
In 1997, Foster transferred to the BBC World Service as a business presenter-reporter and became a mainstay on the flagship Newshour programme. Foster made his name covering the Asian Financial Crisis and, at the age of 24, began hosting World Business Report (BBC World Service) and became the youngest regular presenter of a BBC network radio news programme.
In 2000, Foster went on attachment to BBC TV Business Programmes and accepted a permanent position there. He reported for Business Breakfast, BBC World and Working Lunch before taking up a full-time role on BBC Breakfast. Foster presented special coverage around the launch of the Euro and travelled widely around the UK as a live reporter. He had an exclusive on internet banking security which forced Abbey National (now Santander) to temporarily close down its online service, Cahoot. He also presented the business news and hosted Breakfast Briefing alongside Moira Stuart.
CNN.
In 2005 Foster was approached by CNN International to become a London-based Business Anchor/Correspondent. He ended-up hosting special coverage around the failing health of Pope John Paul II and, soon after, was appointed permanent co-anchor of CNN Today with Monita Rajpal. In early 2008 he also took on CNN World News.
On CNN Today, Foster led special coverage of several major stories including the outbreak of the 2006 Lebanon War and the 2007 London car bombs. Foster broke the news that Hurricane Katrina had caused in a breach in the levees around New Orleans and anchored a live six hour simulcast on CNN and CNN International during the 2008 Mumbai attacks. Foster followed the early development of the street art movement by reporting on Banksy and Adam Neate. His candid, early, interview with bestselling author Stephenie Meyer has been widely quoted in books and magazines.
In April 2009, Foster was promoted to primetime on CNN International where he anchored Connect the World and Quest Means Business. In this role he has interviewed all living Prime Ministers of the Britain; other Prime Ministers including those of Iraq, Sweden and Haiti; presidents of the European Commission, Georgia and the Maldives; business leaders including Bill Gates, Alan Mulally, Jack Dorsey, Bob Dudley and Steve Jobs; and celebrities like Dolly Parton, Diddy, Keith Richards, Michael Cain, Carrie Underwood, Amitabh Bachchan and George Lucas.
Foster devised a monthly show called Edit Room for CNN which went to air in June 2010 for a year. In it, he discussed news coverage with notable guests including Emma Thompson, P. J. O'Rourke and the photojournalist Tim Hetherington shortly before he was killed in Libya.
After reporting on the wedding of Prince William to Kate Middleton, Foster given the additional title of Royal Correspondent. He travelled with The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on their tours to North America (2011) and The South Pacific (2012). He travelled with Prince Harry to the Caribbean in 2012 and to the United States in 2013.
Foster's 2012 interview with The Queen of Denmark was described by The Times (14th Jan 2012) as "remarkable". He also secured the first interview with Prince William after the birth of his son which made headlines worldwide. Other royal exclusives have been picked up by The Daily Mail and The Daily Telegraph. Foster has been quoted by various newspapers including The Washington Post and has been used as a royal commentator by ABC Radio National, BBC One (Diamond Jubilee special, 5 June 2012) and BBC Radio Five Live (Breakfast, 19th Sept 2012).
In April 2013 Foster presented a TEDx talk at St Andrew's University where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met. The title of the talk was 'Kate Middleton is the biggest story in the world' and he used Google Trends to show there was more interest in her than any other living figure. He said that because we know so little about her, we each project a character onto her that we find interesting. He concluded she was mirroring our own characters and values.
In February 2013, Foster interviewed the Hollywood Actress Thandie Newton and she revealed the abuse she suffered on the casting couch as a teenager, a story that was picked up by other media. Another notable interview Foster conducted was with the Dean of St Paul's Cathedral the day before Margaret Thatcher's funeral. David Ison spoke of the hurt and anger left by the former Prime Minister which was picked up on the front page of The Times and in other news outlets 
In 2013, Foster took over from Richard Quest as the host of CNN's Marketplace Europe; a weekly business show involving an interview with a leading chief executive from the continent.
Foster regularly hosts corporate events e.g. The Astana Economic Forum, the ATAG Aviation & Environment Summit and the UNWTO's Global Tourism Forum.
Personal life.
Foster lives in Berkshire with his wife and three young children. He is half Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="20108662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108662" title="Bawtry railway station">
Bawtry railway station

Bawtry railway station was situated to the east of the town of Bawtry, South Yorkshire, England on the Great Northern Railway main line between Retford and Doncaster.
History.
The lengthy platforms were situated to the north of the long, low viaduct, the main buildings being on the town (down) side of the line. A signal box was provided on the north end of the London-bound platform. The station was unique in its structures, these being highly individual. The main building had a small portico leading to the booking office at the front with all the usual facilities within the building. Platform shelters were in wood in typical style of the GNR.
In the first half of the 20th century the royal family customarily attended Doncaster races. They would alight at Bawtry, being greeted with the usual enthusiasm, and proceed by road to the racecourse.
Present day.
The buildings and platforms have been swept away but a couple of goods yard buildings are now houses. 
In a report to Doncaster Borough Council in September 2008 land near the station has been protected should the site be required as a new station, with car parking facilities, in the future as the town grows. 

</doc>
<doc id="20108715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108715" title="Someday Man">
Someday Man

Someday Man is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1970. Notable songs from the album include "Someday Man", "Trust" and "To Put Up with You". The song "Someday Man" was written by Roger Nichols and Paul Williams, was first released by The Monkees on their 1969 single "Listen to the Band / Someday Man".
Track listing.
Side A:
Side B:

</doc>
<doc id="20108740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108740" title="Apvision Private Limited">
Apvision Private Limited

Apvision Private Limited is a privately held software company based in Pakistan, which specializes in Islamic Banking software and technology solutions. 
The company was incorporated in 2000 and acquired by AMZ Ventures Limited AMZVL in year 2006. Since its acquisition by AMZVL, Apvision has been designing banking products for Islamic Financial institutions. 
Apvision launched its first Islamic financial product Islamic CFS, a Murabaha based real-time Equity Trading and Financing platform in 2006. First Dawood Islamic Bank (sponsored primarily by Unicorn Investment Bank, Kingdom of Bahrain; Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector-ICD, Jeddah; and First Dawood Group) launched Islamic CFS provided by Apvision in 2007 after approval from Centre of Islamic Economics and State Bank of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20108763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108763" title="Albert Wiesener">
Albert Wiesener

Albert Wiesener (1902 – 1986) was a Norwegian lawyer.
He graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1925, he studied in Berlin from 1926 and 1927. He joined the Norwegian Fascist party Nasjonal Samling (NS), which was established in 1933, and was a central figure in the party's founding and relative success (two city council seats in its first election outing) in Hamar. He was their first ballot candidate in the Market towns of Hedmark and Oppland counties in the 1936 general election, but was not elected. In Hamar he also chaired the tennis group in Hamar IL in 1930. He left the party in 1937. As a Germanophile, his thinking clashed with the Norwegian cultural nationalism of Nasjonal Samling chairman Vidkun Quisling.
In 1939 Wiesener became a barrister with access to work with cases in the Supreme Court. During the German occupation of Norway, from 1940 to 1945, he worked as a defender for members of the Norwegian resistance who were tried in Nazi-controlled courts. Among others he was the defender of Gunnar Eilifsen, the first Norwegian during the occupation to receive the death sentence from a Norwegian court.
Nonetheless, as a part of the legal purge in Norway after World War II, Wiesener received a small sentence for a piece he wrote in 1940. He was active in the Nazi movement in the spring and summer of 1940, when Quisling's first period as a national leader was over, and the German occupants tried to find Germanophile collaborators in the Norwegian society. Wiesener held lectures in the German-controlled Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, as did people like Jonas Lie, Johan Bernhard Hjort, and Ranik Halle. However, Wiesener and others faded into the background from July 1940, as Nasjonal Samling and its members returned to the upper echelons. 
Wiesener criticized the legal purge in the 1964 book "Seierherrens justis". He had previously published "Nordmenn for tysk krigsrett" (1954), chronicling his time as a defender. He died in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20108769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108769" title="Star Com Productions">
Star Com Productions

Star Com Productions LLC is an American independent film and live event production company founded in January 2000 by American Director/Producer J.C. Schroder. Star Com Productions is associated with the Miami Valley Film Association.
Live Events.
Star Com has produced or assisted with more than 70 large-scale productions, which include the following clients/credits:

</doc>
<doc id="20108774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108774" title="Davis-Warner House">
Davis-Warner House

Davis-Warner House is a historic home located at 8114 Carroll Avenue, Takoma Park, Montgomery County, Maryland. It is a large, three story frame Stick Style residence constructed about 1875. It is one of the oldest residences in Takoma Park, and one of the only surviving Eastlake Stick Style examples left in the Washington D.C., area. It was built by John B. and Vorlinda Davis, who also operated a small store on nearby University Boulevard (then called "Old Bladensburg Road." In the early 20th century it was used as a gambling hall and speakeasy, then from 1940 until 1987, it housed the private "Cynthia Warner School," serving the educational needs of thousands of children of Takoma Park families from elementary through the high school level. In 1987 the property was purchased by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The Church began demolition of the building, but in 1991, Mark and Kira Davis purchased a half-acre section of the plot from the Church, and moved the house 150 meters to a new foundation, out of the way of the Church's construction plans, to preserve it from demolition.
The Davis family restored the building as a residence. Kira Davis operated her business "PaperFaces" from the location (an art studio and customized paper doll business), and Mark Davis operated an international trade law firm Davis & Leiman PC from the premises as well. In 1997 the Davises sold the property to Douglas A. Harbit and Robert F. Patenaude, who operated a bed and breakfast called The Davis-Warner Inn. They also qualified the property for registry with the National Register of Historic Places, and ceded development rights to the property in perpetuity to Historic Takoma, a local historic preservation society. Harbit and Patenaude coined the name "Davis-Warner House" to honor the Davis family that originally built the house, the Davis family that moved and restored the house, and Cynthia Warner, who operated the private school for much of the 20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
The Davis-Warner Inn closed in 2006, and in 2010 the building was purchased out of foreclosure by the Catholic Missionaries of Charity, who repainted it Marian blue and operate it as a convent.

</doc>
<doc id="20108778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108778" title="Seymour Dorothy Fleming">
Seymour Dorothy Fleming

Seymour Dorothy Fleming (1758 – 9 September 1818) was an 18th-century British noblewoman, notable for her involvement in a separation scandal. She was the younger sister of Jane Stanhope, Countess of Harrington, who was noted for being a "paragon of virtue".
Life.
She was the younger daughter and coheir of the Irish-born Sir John Fleming, 1st Baronet (d. 1763), of Brompton Park, Middlesex, and his wife, Lady (Jane) Coleman (d. 1811). Her father and two of her sisters died when she was 5 and she and her elder sister, Jane, were then raised by her mother. Her mother remarried in 1770 to a rich sexagenarian born in Barbados, Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood. 
At the age of 17, Seymour Fleming married Sir Richard Worsley, 7th Baronet of Appuldurcombe House, Isle of Wight, on the 20 September 1775, and assumed the title of Lady Worsley until his death. She was rumoured to have been worth £70,000 upon her marriage, but in truth only brought £52,000 to the union. 
The couple had one legitimate child, a son, Robert Edwin who died young. Lady Worsley bore a second child, Jane Seymour Worsley in August 1781, fathered by Maurice George Bisset but whom Sir Richard claimed as his own to avoid scandal. 
Badly suited to one another, the couple's marriage began to fall apart shortly after marriage. Lady Worsley was rumoured to have had 27 lovers and in February 1782, Sir Richard brought a criminal conversation case for £20,000 against one of them. In November 1781, Lady Worsley ran off with a captain in the South Hampshire militia by the name of George M Bissett. Bisset had also been Sir Richard's closest friend and neighbour at Knighton Gorges on the Isle of Wight. Although Sir Richard looked to have a strong case against Bisset it was undone by the shocking revelations of the criminal conversation trial, which included testimony by a number of Lady Worsley's lovers and her doctor, William Osborn, who related that she had suffered from a venereal disease which she had contracted from the Marquess of Graham. It was later proven that Sir Richard had displayed his wife naked to George Bisset at the Bath house in Maidstone. This evidence destroyed Sir Richard's suit and the jury awarded him only 1 shilling in damages. 
Eventually, George Bisset left Lady Worsley when it became clear that Sir Richard was seeking separation rather than divorce (meaning Seymour could not re-marry until Richard's death). Seymour was forced to become a professional mistress or demimondaine and live off the donations of rich men in order to survive, joining other upper-class women in a similar position in The New Female Coterie. She had two more children; another by Bisset after he left her in 1783 whose fate is unknown, and a fourth, Charlotte Dorothy Hammond (née Cochard) who she sent to be raised by a family in Belgium. Lady Worsley was later forced to leave for Paris in order to avoid her debts.
In 1788 she and her new lover the Chevalier de Saint-Georges returned to England and her estranged husband entered into articles of separation, on the condition she spend 4 years in exile in France. She was trapped in France 8 months before the expiration this exile by the events of the French Revolution and so she was probably imprisoned during the Reign of Terror, meaning she was abroad on the death of her and Sir Richard's son in 1793. Early 1797 saw her quietly return to England, and she then suffered a severe 2-month illness. Due to the forgiveness of her mother, her sister and her sister's husband, the Earl of Harrington, she was then able to move into Brompton Park, the home that was hers but which the laws on property ownership prevented her from officially holding. 
On Sir Richard's death in 1805 her £70,000 jointure reverted to her and just over a month later, on 12 September, she re-married to John Lewis Cuchet at Farnham. Also that month, by royal licence, she officially resumed her maiden name of Fleming, and her new husband also took it. After the armistice of 1814 ended the War of the Sixth Coalition the couple moved to a villa at Passy, where she later died in 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="20108790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108790" title="History of human geography in China">
History of human geography in China

The idea of human geography originated rather early in China, about 2,000 years ago. The classical works of philosophy and history contained much of the concept of the relationship between human activities and "Tian" (the heaven) or "Di" (the earth), recognizing that both sides were now and then in harmonious state or in contradictory condition, and both sides had their own evolutionary law.

</doc>
<doc id="20108815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108815" title="Dawson Farm">
Dawson Farm

Dawson Farm is a historic property with two homes located at Rockville, Montgomery County, Maryland. The property contains two dwellings: the 1874, -story, frame Dawson Farmhouse and a large -story hip-roofed frame house dating to 1912. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20108825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108825" title="Yes (novel)">
Yes (novel)

Yes is a novel by Thomas Bernhard, originally published in German in 1978 and translated into English by Ewald Osers in 1992.
Plot summary.
This novel is about suicide, a topic that permeates overtly or covertly all of Bernhard’s work. A Persian woman is the central character of narration, and the narrator prepares for her suicide by his own preoccupation with suicide. This motif of the surrogate victim is clearly established in the novel's opening sentence (see excerpt below), where the narrator describes himself as in the process of "dumping" his problems on his friend Moritz. Later, he will persist in making these revelations even though he recognizes that they have "wounded" Moritz. Similarly, he will underline the Persian woman's role as a surrogate victim when he refers to her as the ideal "sacrificial mechanism".
One could easily perceive that the woman fascinates the narrator, who finds in her a suitable companion in his solitary walks into the nearby forest, where he obsesses her with interminable disquisitions and philosophical rants. She is "an utterly regenerating person, that is an utterly regenerating walking and thinking and talking and philosophising partner such as I had not had for years".
Gradually the narrator goes back in time and recollects his first meetings with the Persian woman, uncovering a universe of loneliness where the only existential act left is confession. However, self-exposure not always engenders a benefit. Whilst the narrator undergoes a positive reaction, becoming once again attached to life and thus discarding suicide, the Persian woman is unable to unravel the knots of her painful social isolation and says a definitive "yes" to annihilation.
Literally, the woman arrived in this comically benighted corner of Upper Austria because her companion, a Swiss engineer, had chosen it as the ideal location in which to build his new house, right in the middle of a nearby thick forest. But the reader recognizes this realistic motivation as simply a pretext for arranging the sacrificial death that Bernhard intends for her. We glimpse this archetypal pattern from the very beginning of his narrative, when the narrator describes the woman as "regenerating" and perceives the arrival of the couple as signifying his "redemption". While the narrator himself has never been able to act on his own suicidal impulses, it was his insinuating words, as we learn in the novel's closing sentence, that provoked the woman's suicide. After she has committed suicide (by throwing herself in front of a cement truck), he remembers discussing the frequent suicide of young people and asking her if she would kill herself one day, to which she replies, in the novel's closing word, "Yes".
Excerpt.
"^ Incipit:"
"The Swiss and his woman friend had appeared at the real-estate agent Moritz’s place at just the moment when, for the first time, I was trying not only to outline to him the symptoms of my emotional and mental sickness and eventually elucidate them as a science, but had come to Moritz’s house, who in point of fact was then probably the person closest to me, in order quite suddenly and in the most ruthless manner to turn the inside of my, by then not just sickly but totally sickness-ridden, existence, which until then he had known just superficially and had not therefore been unduly irritated let alone alarmed by in any way, turn that inside of my existence out, and thus inevitably alarmed and appalled him by the very abrupt brutality of my undertaking, by the fact that, on that afternoon, I totally unveiled and revealed what, over the whole decade of my acquaintance and friendship with Moritz, I had kept hidden from him, indeed concealed from him throughout that period with mathematical ingeniousness, and kept continually (and pitilessly towards myself) covered from him, in order not to grant him, Moritz, even the slightest glimpse into my existence, which profoundly horrified him, but I had not allowed that horror to impede me in the least in my revealing mechanism which had, that afternoon and of course also under the influence of the weather, gone into action, and step by step, that afternoon, I had, as though I had no other choice, all of a sudden pounced upon Moritz from my mental ambush, unveiling everything relating to myself, unveiling everything that there was to unveil, revealing everything there was to reveal; throughout the incident I had been seated, as always, in the corner seat facing the two windows by the entrance to Moritz’s office, to what I always called his box-file room, while Moritz himself, after all this was the end of October, sat facing me in his mouse-grey winter overcoat, possibly by then in a drunk state, which in the falling dusk I had been unable to determine..." 
This opening sentence of "Yes" continues on and is an uninterrupted 477 words long.

</doc>
<doc id="20108845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108845" title="Dowden's Luck">
Dowden's Luck

Dowden's Luck is a historic home located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. The main house is a -story, late Federal-style frame house. Major additions were made in 1855 and 1910. Also on the property are a one-story gable-roofed stone slave quarters, a one-story gable-roofed brick smokehouse, a stone spring house, and the foundations of two barns, all built during the 1824-1850 plantation period. An overgrown terraced garden in its original configuration as constructed around 1855 stands to the west of the house.
Dowden's Luck was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20108847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108847" title="Koreans in Spain">
Koreans in Spain

Koreans in Spain form one of the country's smaller Asian populations.
Demography and distribution.
2006 statistics from Spain's Instituto Nacional de Estadística showed 2,873 registered residents of Spain born in South Korea, of whom 514 held Spanish nationality, while 2,359 held other nationalities. Among Spanish nationals, men outnumbered women by a ratio of 1.3:1, which was almost exactly reversed among non-Spanish nationals. Between 1980 and 2004, a total of 696 people originally holding South Korean nationality became Spanish citizens. South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, whose statistics are based largely on registrations with consulates and count locally born persons of Korean descent as well as South Korean-born individuals, recorded a somewhat higher count of 3,769 individuals in 2005; of those, 2,538 resided in, with another 1,231 in Las Palmas. This made Koreans in Spain the fifth-largest Korean diaspora population in Western Europe, behind Koreans in the United Kingdom, Koreans in Germany, Koreans in France, and Koreans in Italy.
The most recent statistics of the South Korean government, issued in July 2011, show only slight growth compared to the 2005 statistics. Of the 4,080 Koreans recorded as living in Spain, 929 had Spanish citizenship, 2,108 had permanent residence, 216 were on student visas, and the remaining 727 had other kinds of visas.
Las Palmas.
Koreans in Las Palmas form a community distinct from that on the Spanish mainland. Theirs is the only concentration of Koreans in Spain whose presence has resulted in a recognisable Koreatown. They trace their origins to South Korean migrant workers who worked on deep-ocean fishing boats based on the island starting in the 1960s. Fishing, along with construction, was one of the main sources of overseas employment for South Koreans for decades; by the 1970s, nearly 7,000 Koreans resided in Las Palmas, making them about 2% of the city's population of 350,000. Many brought their families over and became rooted in Spain, sending their children to local schools. However, with the decline of South Korea's ocean fisheries industries in the 1990s, their population shrank, from 2,283 individuals in 1997 to just 1,292 by 1999, a number which decreased at a slower rate over the following decade to reach 1,197 by 2011. Most of the remaining Korean population have shifted away from the fishing industry, and their children have largely entered professional fields, achieving relative affluence.
Mainland Spain.
The Korean community on the Spanish mainland consists mainly of two groups: primarily male small business owners and executives of South Korean companies along with their spouses and children, and primarily female international students at Spanish universities. Korean martial artists, though a smaller group, are also well represented; they either run their own "dojang", or work for private security companies. They do not trace their origins exclusively to South Korea; some members of the communities of Koreans in Argentina and other Latin American countries have also settled in Spain, and South Korean businessowners often employ "chosunjok" from China in their businesses. Their population peaked in the 1990s and then decreased due to the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, during which many South Korean companies, anxious to cut costs, shifted operations out of Western Europe into the cheaper countries of Eastern Europe, Latin America, and China.

</doc>
<doc id="20108848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108848" title="Just an Old Fashioned Love Song">
Just an Old Fashioned Love Song

Just an Old Fashioned Love Song is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1971. Notable songs from the album include "(Just An) Old Fashioned Love Song", "We've Only Just Begun", "Let Me Be the One" and "When I Was All Alone".

</doc>
<doc id="20108851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108851" title="John Doull">
John Doull

John Doull (November 1, 1878 – 1969) was a lawyer, judge and politician. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Conservative member from 1925 to 1933.
He was born in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, the son of James Doull, the son of a Scottish immigrant, and Christina McLellan. He was educated in New Glasgow and at Dalhousie University, on the Board of Governors of which he was later to serve. He worked in his father's grocery business and then as a bookkeeper before returning to Dalhousie to study law. Doull was admitted to the Nova Scotia bar in 1910 and went on to practice in Glace Bay and New Glasgow. From 1914 to 1925, he was solicitor for the town of Trenton. Doull married Irene McGregor in 1916. He served in the province's Executive Council as minister without portfolio from 1928 to 1931 and Attorney General from 1931 to 1933. He was a judge in the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia from 1933 to 1961. Doull was also president of the Nova Scotia Historical Society. He died in Halifax. The philosopher James Doull was his son.
Doull published the following historical books:

</doc>
<doc id="20108864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108864" title="Scratch 'n' Sniff">
Scratch 'n' Sniff

Scratch 'N' Sniff is the fourth album by Danish heavy metal band Fate, released in 1990. The album was digitally remastered and re-released in 2004. After this album IA Eklundh left and was replaced by Søren Hoff and they recorded a couple of demos in 1992, before the band disbanded, and two of them was released with the 2004 version of Scratch 'N' Sniff.
Track listing.
2004 Version Bonus Track (Recorded 1992)

</doc>
<doc id="20108874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108874" title="Drury-Austin House">
Drury-Austin House

The Drury-Austin House is a historic home located at Boyds, Montgomery County, Maryland. It is a -story dwelling comprising two sections: a late-18th-century one-room plan log house (the southern half), which was doubled in size by the addition of a one-room timber-frame section in the early 19th century.The house is exemplary of the type of dwelling that characterized western Montgomery County in the earliest phase of its settlement.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20108876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108876" title="MegaRace 3">
MegaRace 3

MegaRace 3 is a racing/vehicular combat video game developed by Cryo Interactive in 2002, released for Windows and the Sony PlayStation 2. "MegaRace 3" is the third game in the "MegaRace" series, after "MegaRace" and "MegaRace 2".
This game also features host, Lance Boyle, played by Christian Erickson. It renders the game graphics in full real-time 3D, unlike the previous two games.
Microïds, owners of the Cryo brand, made the game available on GOG.com on June 2, 2009.
Zathura.
In the film "Zathura", Danny is seen in one scene playing "MegaRace 3".

</doc>
<doc id="20108894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108894" title="Sir Roger Mostyn, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Roger Mostyn, 3rd Baronet

Sir Roger Mostyn, 3rd Baronet (31 July 1673 – 5 May 1739) was a Welsh politician.
Life.
Mostyn was born on 31 July 1673, in Flintshire, north Wales. He was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Mostyn, 2nd Baronet, of Mostyn and Bridget, daughter and heiress of Darcy Savage, esq., of Leighton, Cheshire, 
He inherited the title on the death of his father in 1692. 
He attended the University of Oxford, matriculating from Jesus College on l0 February 1689-90.
He was appointed Sheriff of Caernarvonshire for 1701 and elected as MP for Flintshire in December 1701. 
In August 1702, he was elected MP for Flint and for Cheshire, choosing to represent Cheshire. 
He then alternated between representing Flint and Flintshire until his retirement in 1734. 
He was constable of Flint Castle on two occasions, from 1702 to 1705, and then from 1715 to 1728. 
He was also Custos Rotulorum of Flintshire from 1714 to 1717, and from 1727 until his death in 1739.
He was a tory and a supporter of Daniel Finch, 2nd Earl of Nottingham.
In 1711, he was appointed paymaster of the marines, and was one of the four tellers of the exchequer from 30 December 1714 until 22 June 1716. 
He voted for tacking on the Occasional Conformity Bill to the Land-tax Bill in 1705, and against the articles of commerce in 1713. 
He voted against the Peerage Bill in 1719, and Walpole's excise scheme in 1733, and having opposed the Septennial Bill, supported the motion for its repeal in 1734. 
In consideration of his services and the expenses he incurred as paymaster of the marines, he was allowed a sum of £300 for eight years. 
There is also among the 'Treasury Papers' a dormant warrant in favour of Mostyn as controller of the fines for the counties of Chester, Flint, and Carnarvon, dated 31 July 1704.
He died on 5 May 1739, at his seat in Carnarvonshire.
Family.
He married Lady Essex Finch, (died 23 May 1721), the daughter of Daniel Finch, 2nd Earl of Nottingham with whom he had six sons and six daughters.
He was succeeded by his eldest son, Sir Thomas Mostyn, 4th Baronet, with the death of whose grandson Thomas in 1831 the baronetcy expired. 
Of his other sons, Roger was a Canon of Windsor, Savage Mostyn was a vice-admiral in the Royal Navy, and John Mostyn was an officer in the British Army and a Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20108916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108916" title="Fife Opera">
Fife Opera

Fife Opera is a semi-professional grand opera company dating back to 1975, and based in Kirkcaldy, Scotland. It has produced over 40 full-scale productions since its inception.
At present, it is one of only a handful of companies left in Scotland today producing large-scale operas, and one of the few to routinely to play with a full orchestra, and the foremost company of its sort in Fife.
History.
The company was founded in 1975 with the impetus being provided by Kirsty Adam, who was then keen to draw together a number of opera enthusiasts and singers from across the county. In 1978, the company performed Menotti's "Amahl and the Night Visitors" in the 13th-century Cistercian Culross Abbey.
From the outset, the musical director, Richard Galloway, insisted on auditioning everyone interested in joining, and insisted on high vocal quality and level of professionalism from company members. Despite this, for the company's first full-scale production from 1979, Bizet's "Carmen", a cast of 54 took to the stage, accompanied by a 37-piece orchestra.
A bomb scare interrupted Fife Opera's 1981 production of Smetana's "The Bartered Bride" leading to hoardes of Bohemian peasants being spilt out into the War Memorial Gardens.
The company has appeared at Falkland Palace and Stirling Castle, and headlined the inaugural concert at Buckhaven Theatre.
Prominent musical personalities associated with the company include Jennifer Galloway, principal oboist with the BBC Philharmonic, trumpeter John Wallace, current principal of the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama (RSAMD), Lesley Ross, principal soprano with D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and numerous former company members who have proceeded to graduate from RSAMD and elsewhere.
Fife Opera has a large proportion of younger singers, and increasingly is geared towards outreach and touring. In recent years, it has appeared annually at the Edinburgh Festival.
Highlights from the company's past productions include "Aida" in 2004 and the 1983 presentation of "La traviata". Among the comparative rarities performed are "Lakmé" by Léo Delibes, "Les pêcheurs de perles" by Georges Bizet, and Noël Coward's "Bitter Sweet".
In 2011 the company ran a highly successful "Come and Sing" "Carmen"; it then performed, for the first time "The Tales of Hoffmann" by Jacques Offenbach as its annual production in the Adam Smith Theatre in Kirkcaldy and gave a Christmas concert. 2012 saw the "Come and Sing" idea developed further with a "Come and Sing from the Shows" day in March and a "Come and Sing" "Aida" in May.
Funding.
Fife Opera is a registered charity and receives funding and support from the National Operatic and Dramatic Association (NODA), Making Music and the Scottish Arts Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20108921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108921" title="A1 Ethniki Water Polo">
A1 Ethniki Water Polo

The A1 Ethniki (), often referred to as the Greek Water Polo League, is the highest professional water polo league in Greece. It is run by the Hellenic Swimming Federation. It is considered one of the top national leagues in European water polo, as its clubs have made significant success in European competitions.
Performances.
Regions.
The following table lists the Greek water polo champions by regions of Greece.
Greek water polo clubs in European competitions.
LEN Champions League :
LEN Cup Winner's Cup "(defunct)" :
LEN Euro Cup :
LEN SuperCup :

</doc>
<doc id="20108931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108931" title="Painting in the Americas before Colonization">
Painting in the Americas before Colonization

Painting in the Americas before colonization is the Precolumbian painting traditions of the Americas. Painting was a relatively widespread, popular and diverse means of communication and expression for both religious and utilitarian purpose throughout the regions of the Western Hemisphere. During the period before and after European exploration and settlement of the Americas; including North America, Central America, South America and the islands of the Caribbean, the Bahamas, the West Indies, the Antilles, the Lesser Antilles and other island groups, indigenous native cultures produced a wide variety of visual arts, including painting on textiles, hides, rock and cave surfaces, bodies especially faces, ceramics, architectural features including interior murals, wood panels, and other available surfaces. Unfortunately, many of the perishable surfaces, such as woven textiles, typically have not been preserved, but Precolumbian painting on ceramics, walls, and rocks have survived more frequently.
The oldest known paintings in the South America are the cave paintings of Caverna da Pedra Pintada, in the Brazilian Amazon rainforest that date back 11,200 years. The earliest known painting in North America is the Cooper Bison Skull found near Fort Supply, Oklahoma, dated to 10,200 BCE.
Painting in the Americas before colonization.
Each continent of the Americas hosted societies that were unique and individually developed cultures; that produced totems, works of religious symbolism, and decorative and expressive painted works. African influence was especially strong in the art of the Caribbean and South America. The arts of the indigenous people of the Americas had an enormous impact and influence on European art and vice versa during and after the Age of Exploration. Spain, Portugal, France, The Netherlands and England were all powerful and influential colonial powers in the Americas during and after the 15th century. By the 19th century cultural influence began to flow both ways across the Atlantic.
Mesoamerica.
The murals of Teotihuacan that adorn the archaeological site (and others, like the Wagner Murals, found in private collections) and from hieroglyphic inscriptions made by the Maya describing their encounters with Teotihuacano conquerors are the source of most of what is understood about that ancient civilization. The painting of the murals, perhaps thousands of them, reached its zenith between 450 and 650 CE. The painters' artistry was unrivalled in Mesoamerica and has been compared with that of Florence, Italy.
The Great Goddess.
A series of murals were found in the Tepantitla compound in Teotihuacan. In 1942, archaeologist Alfonso Caso identified the central figures as a Teotihuacan equivalent of "Tlaloc," the Mesoamerican god of rain and warfare. During the 1970s researcher Esther Pasztory re-examined the murals and concluded that many paintings of "Tlaloc" instead showed a "feminine" deity, an analysis based on a number of factors including the gender of accompanying figures, the green bird in the headdress, and the spiders seen above the figure. Pasztory concluded that the figures represented a vegetation and fertility goddess that was a predecessor of the much later Aztec goddess Xochiquetzal.
The Great Goddess has since been identified at locations other than Tepantitla – including Teotihuacan's Tetitla compound, the Palace of the Jaguars, and the Temple of Agriculture – as well as on several vessels.
The Temple of the Murals.
Large painted Mayan murals were found in the archaeological site Bonampak, in the Mexican state of Chiapas near the border with Guatemala. What is referred to as "The Temple of the Murals" is a long narrow building with 3 rooms atop a low-stepped pyramid base. The interior walls preserve the finest examples of classic Maya painting. Huge paintings cover the walls of one of the structure's three rooms. The paintings show the story of a single battle and its victorious outcome.
South America.
Nazca culture.
The Nazca culture of Peru produced painted pottery and painted ceramics depicting religious and symbolic characters as well as imagery of personages within the culture. They produced in addition to ceramics, highly complex textiles and Geoglyphs. The period from 1-700 A.D is generally considered when this group thrived. Modern knowledge about the culture of the Nazca is built upon the study of Cahuachi the ceremonial center from (1-500 AD).
North America.
United States.
In the area that is now the United States, many different and diverse Native American tribes of people created painting and ornamental painted objects of a large variety. The oldest known example is the Cooper Bison skull, which was painted with a red zigzag circa 10,200 BCE in present day Oklahoma. Body painting, rock art, hide painting flourished in ancient North America, as well as painting on ceramics, textiles, and other surfaces.
Ancient Pueblo Peoples (Anasazi) of the American Southwest have a longstanding tradition of painting interior murals and ceramics, as did the Mogollon culture, ancestors of Zuni and Hopi tribes, who lived in an area near the Gila Wilderness. The Fremont culture of Utah are known for their abundant rock paintings throughout Utah, particularly those at Range Creek Canyon. The Patayan typically painted ceramics with a red slip. The Hohokam, ancestors of the Akimel O'odham and Tohono O'odham, are known for their red-on-buff painted ceramics. Casa Grande Ruins National Monument is the best known monument of Hohokam culture.
Native Americans in California created an many pieces and environments of rock art. The most elaborate and artistic painted pictographs being the Rock art of the Chumash people, and petroglyphs those of the Coso people in the Coso Rock Art District.
Ancient Northwest Coast art features formline painting on woven items and wood; however, few of these items survived the centuries the temperate rainforest climate.

</doc>
<doc id="20108932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108932" title="Consuming Passion">
Consuming Passion

Consuming Passion is a 2008 British drama which features three interwoven stories celebrating the centenary of the publishing house Mills and Boon. Each of the stories concerns a central female character who is somehow connected with the publisher. It was shown for the first time on BBC Four at 9:00 p.m. on Sunday 2 November 2008, and starred Emilia Fox, Jodie Whittaker, Olivia Colman and Daniel Mays. It was written by Emma Frost and directed by Dan Zeff.
It begins with a disclaimer: Some of the following is based on fact ... the rest is romantic fiction.
The Stories.
The first thread revolves around the establishment of Mills & Boon itself, and the relationship between Charles Boon (Daniel Mays) and his wife Mary (Jodie Whittaker). Despite the youthful idealism that saw him establish the company with his friend and win his wife's love, and the nature of the stories he oversees from hopeful authors, Charles is himself ironically blind to Mary's repeated attempts to inject passion into their relationship. This constant inability to realise—or at least acknowledge—the emotional needs of his wife or to consider her and their son as significant in their own right is a constant plot point, finally leading to a confrontation between husband & wife following Mills' death from cancer at the end of the 20s. This in turn results in the epiphany that, along with an infusion of cash from a longtime employee who replaces Mills as a partner in the business, transforms the company into a single genre publishing house focusing on populist romance novels from the female perspective.
The second moves to 1974 and follows the fictitious Janet Bottomley (Olivia Colman), a dowdy typist who lives with her mother and is an avid fan of Mills & Boon stories. When her mother has to go into hospital for a hip replacement, she becomes infatuated with the arrogant surgeon handling the case. At first this inspires her to write a manuscript translating the infatuation into a hospital romance, but as she continues to write she begins to stalk him, culminating in an embarrassing confrontation at his birthday party. Soon afterwards however, she receives the welcome news that Mills & Boon have accepted her manuscript. Even more welcome is the astonishing amount the book will earn her, allowing her to quit her job to write full time under the name Raquel Pretty
The third involves the fictitious Kirstie (Emilia Fox), a 30-something university English lecturer in 2008 teaching a unit on modern romance using the output of Mills & Boon. Jake (O.T. Fagbenle), a university student in his early 20s acting on his long distance infatuation with her enrolls in the unit and soon begins forcefully courting her. Initially confused and repelled, Kirstie soon realises that he displays passion for her and for life that she can no longer find with her current partner Nick with whim she is about to purchase a house. Challenged by Jake in and out of class, she finds herself giving into her desires and has an affair with him which she eventually confesses to Nick. Ironically, her partner's desire to "get through this" spells the end of that relationship as Kirstie walks out due to the same lack of passion that led to the affair. Following a confrontation in class during which Jake sums up the prevalence of heroines seeking rape/forceful sex from their suitors in many modern romance stories as an excuse for women to have passion without the responsibility of guilt, she commits herself and the two become a couple for however long the passion lasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20108936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108936" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1946–1949">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1946–1949

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 18th Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1946 election on 28 September 1946. The incumbent Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister of Australia Ben Chifley defeated the newly formed opposition Liberal Party of Australia (descended from the United Australia Party) led by its founder Robert Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden. 

</doc>
<doc id="20108948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108948" title="Friends Advice">
Friends Advice

Friends Advice is a historic home located at Boyds, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is an estate dominated by a main house of local sandstone in the impressive overall image of a Georgian plantation house. The earliest portion, the ca. 1806 Federal style block, sits on a stone foundation with a gable roof and gabled dormers. Later additions include a Colonial Revival-style block constructed in 1939-40; a Federal style block of the first quarter of the 19th century; and a frame block constructed in 1882 on the foundation of an 18th-century log structure. General Albert C. Wedemeyer (1897-1989) and his wife, whose family owned this property since the 18th century, used this estate as their permanent home throughout his military career and after his retirement in 1951, until his death in 1989.
Friends Advice was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20108965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108965" title="St. Thomas Residential School">
St. Thomas Residential School

St. Thomas Residential School is a coeducational boarding high school, at Thiruvananthapuram in the south Indian state of Kerala. It is an English Medium School affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. St. Thomas Residential School prepares students for the ICSE as well as the ISC examinations.
The school was established by the Mar Thoma Church Educational Society (MTCES) on June 6, 1966. It is located on a campus, at Mukkolakkal, a suburban area on the outskirts of Thiruvananthapuram city. Other institutions located on the same campus include St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, St. Thomas Teachers' Training College, St.Thomas Central School and St. Thomas Pre-primary School all of which are managed by MTCES. The students and alumni of St Thomas are popularly known as Santhomites.
History.
The school was established by the Mar Thoma Church Educational Society (MTCES) of the Malankara Marthoma Syrian Church on June 6, 1966. The first principal of the school was Rev. P.K. Koshy, who served as Principal from 1966 to 1968.
The principals since then were 
The current principal is Mr. Rajan K Varughese (2009-present) 
Campus.
Located on the outskirts of Thiruvananthapuram city, St. Thomas Residential School (STRS) has a lush 32-acre campus which it shares with its sister institutions. The school has an artificial tennis court, a hockey field, a football ground and a basketball court cum skating rink.The school includes a state-of-the-art Computer facility and Science labs for the students.
SanRevo.
This is the annual inter-school cultural fest hosted by the school, which was conceptualized and started by the ISC 2007 batch and is one of the most awaited school fests each year. The final year students, supported by their teachers and their juniors, are the organizers of the event.SanRevo is short for Santhome Revolution.
The fabled phoenix is the logo of SanRevo. The phoenix is 'awakened' each year for the fest. Schools from across Trivandrum participate in this annual extravaganza which is eagerly awaited.
The most recent edition was SanRevo 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20108990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108990" title="Hanover Junction, Pennsylvania">
Hanover Junction, Pennsylvania

Hanover Junction is a small unincorporated community in south-central York County, Pennsylvania, United States, near the borough of Seven Valleys. The junction serves as a rest stop on the York County Heritage Rail Trail.
History.
Established in the 1851 as a railroad junction of the Northern Central Railway and the Hanover Branch Railroad, a hotel and a few houses were erected to serve the needs of railroad passengers and local workers. Following the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg, Hanover Junction was a major route for the transport of wounded soldiers from Gettysburg to hospitals in Baltimore, Harrisburg, York, and other Northern towns. A bust of President Abraham Lincoln and a historical marker commemorate his change of trains at the junction en route to Gettysburg to deliver the 1863 Gettysburg Address.
Later, small industries flourished in the Hanover Junction area, but with the demise of the railroad traffic in the mid-20th century, the depot was abandoned. It was restored to its Civil War appearance in 2003 and reopened as a museum. A quartet of Civil War cannon commemorate the region's participation in the Gettysburg Campaign.
The Hanover Junction Railroad Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20108997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20108997" title="John Dodd (jockey)">
John Dodd (jockey)

John Dodd (1863–1881) was an Australian jockey who died following an accident during the 1881 Melbourne Cup.
Early life.
John Dodd was born in 1863 at Avoca, Victoria, Australia. His father was Aaron Dodd, a native of Leicestershire, England, who was convicted of burglary and transported for life to Van Diemens Land in 1828. In 1840 Aaron married Mary Jane White. Some time after he gained his conditional pardon in 1846, they emigrated to Victoria, settling in Avoca around 1850. John was the 13th of possibly 15 children. John Dodd was apprenticed as a jockey to Robert Howie, a Ballarat horse trainer.
Melbourne Cup, 1881.
During the running of the race a dog ran onto the race track causing one of the horses, Wheatear, to fall. Shortly after that Dodd's horse, Suwarrow, was forced into the rails. Dodd suffered a broken leg and internal injuries. He died two weeks later in the Melbourne Hospital. His death was widely reported in local and international newspapers at the time.
An inquest on his body found that he died of complications from a compound fracture caused when his leg was twisted between the rail and the post. The coroner recommended paling the fence to avoid similar accidents in the future.
The Avoca Mail set up a fund in support of his 'aged mother and helpless sister' to which the Victoria Racing Club contributed 50 pounds from the Jockeys Fund. A cricket match was organised between amateur and professional jockeys at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 6 January 1882 which raised about 200 pounds for the fund.
The legend of George Dodd.
Many sources report that the jockey who died in the 1881 Melbourne Cup was George Dodd and that he was one of Australia's most famous jockeys at the time. The Australian Jockeys Association memorial at Caulfield Racecourse records a G. Dodd but no J. Dodd. This story dates back at least to a 1949 article by "The Storyteller" in a Victorian regional newspaper which adds that Dodd bred Dalmatian dogs, one of which ran away a week before the race. Dodd saw this as an omen and, according to "The Storyteller", the dog that ran onto the racetrack was Dodd's missing dog. The final part of the legend is that Dodd was riding Wheatear, and died on the track, killed by his own faithful dog. Wannan and others point out that Dodd was in fact riding Suwarrow and that this accident was unrelated to the one caused by the dog. However they maintain the fiction of his first name.

</doc>
<doc id="20109012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109012" title="Daniel Isaachsen (physicist)">
Daniel Isaachsen (physicist)

Daniel Isaachsen (23 June 1859 – 1940) was a Norwegian physicist.
He was born in London as the son of military officer Isak Tobias Isaachsen and Fredrikke Andrea Rude. He was a great-grandson of Isaach Isaachsen, brother of scientist Haakon Isaachsen, nephew of painter Olaf Isaachsen and cousin of painter Herman Willoch and naval officer Odd Isaachsen Willoch. In 1861 he married Asta Lie, a daughter of Jonas Lie.
He finished his education in 1877 and graduated from university with the cand.real. degree in 1883. He started his career as an assistant at the International Bureau of Weights and Measures, where he stayed from 1889, interrupted by a period in Berlin from 1886 to 1887. He was hired as a research fellow at the Royal Frederick University in 1889, and from 1891 he worked as a teacher and lecturer. He first worked at Trondhjem Technical School from 1891 to 1893, then at the Norwegian Naval Academy from 1893. He directed the Norwegian Metrology Service from 1914 to 1929.
He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. He wrote textbooks like "Lærebog i fysik for realgymnasiet og tekniske skoler" (first time in 1903, from 1909 together with Gabriel Gabrielsen Holtsmark), and popular science books like "Elektriciteten: en populær fremstilling" from 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20109013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109013" title="Pimenta">
Pimenta

Pimenta may refer to:
It is also a Portuguese surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20109017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109017" title="Callopistria maillardi">
Callopistria maillardi

Callopistria maillardi is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found throughout central, eastern and southern Africa, including the islands of the Indian Ocean, Yemen, Chagos islands, Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka, southern China, in Hawaii, Hong Kong, New Zealand, the Society Islands, Sulawesi, as well as Queensland in Australia.
The larvae feed on "Adiantum", "Lygodium", "Pellaea" and "Nephrolepis" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20109025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109025" title="Ethnikos Piraeus Water Polo Club">
Ethnikos Piraeus Water Polo Club

Ethnikos Piraeus Water Polo Club is water polo team of Ethnikos Piraeus. Ethnikos is the most successful water polo club in Greece. Ethnikos has won 38 Greek water polo championships (although one of them is not recognised by the Hellenic Swimming Federation) and 12 Greek water polo cups.
Men's team.
Ethnikos dominated in Greek Water Polo championship for many years. So far, it has won the most titles in this sport. It has won 38 championships and 12 cups. During last years his power has been limited, and it has relegated to second division (A2 Ethniki).
Tom Hoad Cup.
Ethnikos Piraeus took part in the Tom Hoad Cup at the Melville Water Polo Club, Fremantle, Australia. There were six teams competing from around the world: the Fremantle Mariners (Australia), Ethnikos Piraeus (Greece), Galatasaray Water Polo Team (Turkey), Japan National Water Polo Team, The Barbarians and a composite European team including three Hungarian Olympic gold medalists. The competition took place from the 27th-30th of December 2008, with gold going to The Barbarians.
Women's team.
The women's team of Ethnikos has won 3 championship and 1 European cup (LEN Trophy). It participates in first divivion championship (A1 Ethniki).

</doc>
<doc id="20109032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109032" title="Night Fairy">
Night Fairy

Night Fairy (밤의 요정 - "Bam ui yujeong") is a 1986 South Korean film directed by Nam Ki-nam.
Synopsis.
A story about a botanist who falls into the clutches of a mysterious mountain family.

</doc>
<doc id="20109053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109053" title="Piet Kraak">
Piet Kraak

Piet Kraak (20 August 1928, Velsen - 27 April 1984, Copenhagen) was a Dutch football goalkeeper and football manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20109064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109064" title="Life Goes On (Paul Williams album)">
Life Goes On (Paul Williams album)

Life Goes On is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1972. Notable songs from the album include "I Won't Last a Day Without You" and "Out in the Country". Jackson Browne and Linda Ronstadt sang background vocals on the title track. Jimmy Webb arranged the strings on "Rose."

</doc>
<doc id="20109084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109084" title="Tarbert GAA">
Tarbert GAA

Tarbert are a Gaelic Athletic Association Gaelic football club in Tarbert, County Kerry, Ireland. They play in the Kerry Junior Championship, Div 2 County League and Div 1 North Kerry Championship.
History.
The club was founded on Sunday 30 July 1899 when Tarbert and Ballylongford began their great rivalry that was to extend well into the twentieth century. Tarbert has a long and proud record in under age competitions which are recorded in great detail in a book which was compiled by Tarbert Bord Na nÓg. This publication which is entitled "Tarbert G.A.A. A Century of the Red and Black". Won 2010 North Kerry Championship in an epic replay against Listowel Emmets. Winning by only one point with a goal coming in added time in extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="20109089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109089" title="Hertha Pauli">
Hertha Pauli

Hertha Pauli (4 September 1906 – 9 February 1973) was an Austrian journalist, author and actress.
Biography.
Hertha Ernestine Pauli was born in Vienna, the daughter of feminist Bertha Schütz and medical scientist Wolfgang Pauli. Her brother was Wolfgang Pauli, who was awarded the Nobel Prize for physics in 1945.
From 1927 to 1933 she played different small roles at the Max Reinhardt Theatre in Berlin and was allied with Ödön von Horváth. From 1933 to 1938 she lived in Vienna, edited the “Österreichische Korrespondenz“ and published biographical novels, for example about the feminist Bertha von Suttner.
After the Anschluss she emigrated to France. In Paris she belonged to the circle of Joseph Roth, knew the American journalist Eric Sevareid, and wrote for "Resistance". In 1940, after the Nazis occupied France, she fled with the writer Walter Mehring through Marseilles, the Pyrenees and Lisbon. With the aid of Varian Fry and the Emergency Rescue Committee, she made her way to the United States.
After her arrival in America she described her flight in the journal Aufbau. In the following years she wrote books about Alfred Nobel and the Statue of Liberty. Her books for children, in particular, had some success. These books included "Silent Night. The Story of a Song" (1943), in which she explained the origin of the carol. She married Ernst Basch (pen name E.B. Ashton), with whom she had collaborated on "I Lift My Lamp." Her last book was autobiographical and described the time after the Nazi's union with France. She died in Long Island, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20109103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109103" title="The Secret of the Nautilus">
The Secret of the Nautilus

The Secret of the Nautilus is a 2002 adventure video game, inspired by Jules Verne's science fiction novel "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea". It was developed by Cryo Interactive and released for Microsoft Windows based PCs.
The game is set under the sea in the 21st century, where during a scientific assignment, a young oceanographer enters into a strange type of submarine hidden on an undersea rock shelf. The vessel turns out to be the famous Nautilus which was abandoned a great many years earlier by its Captain, Nemo. The game features many puzzles to solve.

</doc>
<doc id="20109109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109109" title="Mica fish">
Mica fish

Mica fish are lenticular, elongate lozenge, parallelogram-shaped, or lens-shaped (so roughly fish-shaped) single mica crystals that are often used as shear sense indicators. They commonly occur in micaceous quartzitic mylonites. They characteristically lie with their longest dimension at a small angle to the mylonitic foliation.

</doc>
<doc id="20109120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109120" title="1998 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix was the first round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 5 April 1998 at the Suzuka Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20109131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109131" title="Ron Roberts">
Ron Roberts

Ron Roberts (1927–2003) was an Australian rugby league player. He was a state and national representative, who is known for scoring a try in 1950 which won Australia an Ashes series. His club career was with the St. George Dragons and he was a member of their 1949 premiership-winning side.
Playing career.
Roberts was a giant of a man who joined St. George in 1986 and played three seasons with the club as a winger. That first year he scored two tries in the Dragons'
1949 Grand Final victory over the South Sydney Rabbitohs and was the League's season top try scorer. He made his representative debut for New South Wales that year and was selected for Australia's tour of New Zealand appearing in five minor matches and making his full representative debut in the 2nd Test in Auckland. who lived in dapto and now resides again in dapto working at a tyre store and has 3 children. ronald was also made famous after they destroyed the bulldogs 86 - 10, also ronald scored 6 tries in that game and kicked 4 goals making and destroying any known world record. whilst his beloved allison watch on from the side line
Defining moment.
For the first two Tests of the 1950 domestic Ashes series against Great Britain, Roberts was overlooked by selectors for other wingers including his club teammate Noel Pidding. The series was locked at 1-all after two games.
The decider was played on a quagmire at the Sydney Cricket Ground and Roberts had regained his national wing spot after a one year absence. The rain had been consistent in the lead up week and before the match forty tonnes of sand were dumped on the SCG to save the match from abandonment. Fourteen minutes from the end in pouring rain with the scores locked 2-all, Australia executed a back-line movement from a play-the-ball. Centre Keith Middleton sent the ball out to an unmarked Roberts who ran 40 metres and crossed in the corner for the only try of the match and a 5-2 win.
The victory gave Australia the Ashes for the first time since 1920 and as a result the memorable impact of that moment dwarfed Roberts' short but classy career. In a 1980s poll by Rugby League Week that try was rated the greatest single moment in the code's Australian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20109137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109137" title="Daniel Isaachsen">
Daniel Isaachsen

Daniel Isaachsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20109170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109170" title="Olaf Isaachsen">
Olaf Isaachsen

Olaf Wilhelm Isaachsen (May 16, 1835 – September 22, 1893) was a Norwegian painter. Olaf Isaachsen is regarded as one of Norway’s more prominent artists and great colourist with motives from Setesdalen and the coast landscape of Southern Norway.
He was born in Mandal in Vest-Agder county Norway. Isaachsen belonged to a branch of an affluent and educated merchant family from Kjos in Kristiansand. He was the son of jurist Daniel Isaachsen, son of politician Isaach Isaachsen and grandson of Daniel Isaachsen (1744-1813), a Norwegian shipbuilder . He was the uncle of physicist Daniel Isaachsen, scientist Haakon Isaachsen (1867–1936), painter Herman Willoch and naval officer Odd Isaachsen Willoch.
Olaf Isaachsen studied under Joachim Frich and Johannes Flintoe at the Royal School of Drawing from 1850, in Düsseldorf from 1854 to 1859, and in Paris under Thomas Couture (1859-1860) and Gustave Courbet (1861-1862). He ultimately settled in Kristiansand, although with frequent periods spent abroad. 
He is represented with 24 works in the National Museum in Oslo (NM), former National Gallery of Norway. 
The Regional Museum in Kristiansand, Sørlandets Kunstmuseum (SKMU) has 58 works.
Personal life.
Isaachsen was a knowledgeable and courteous man, a mixture of observation and locals, who spoke fluent German, Dutch, English, French and Italian. He was married in 1864 to Antonie (Toni) John Prehr (1838-1870). The couple had four children – William (1865-1942), Eivind (1866-1926); Johanna Marie (1867-1872) and Harald (1869-1942). His wife died of tuberculosis when only 32 years old. Two years later his four year old daughter Johanna Marie died of diphtheria, and he was left with three small boys. He was the paternal grandfather of Sigurd Daniel Isaachsen Willoch, an art historian and director of the National Gallery of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20109184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109184" title="Piet van der Kuil">
Piet van der Kuil

Piet van der Kuil (10 February 1933, Velsen) is a former Dutch footballer and has a football school in Velsen.

</doc>
<doc id="20109200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109200" title="Aughaville railway station">
Aughaville railway station

Aughaville railway station served the town of Aughaville in County Cork, Ireland.
The station opened in 1881. Passenger services were withdrawn in 1961 by the CIE.
History.
Opened by the Cork and Bandon (Bantry Extension) Railway, by the beginning of the 20th century the station was run by the Great Southern and Western Railway. It was absorbed into the Great Southern Railways in 1925. 
The station was then nationalised, passing on to the Coras Iompair Éireann as a result of the Transport Act 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945. 
It was closed by this management.

</doc>
<doc id="20109202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109202" title="Aris Water Polo Club">
Aris Water Polo Club

Aris Water Polo Club is a Water Polo Club from Thessaloniki, Greece, part of Aris Thessaloniki Sport Club. Aris participates in the A2 Division and it is 4th most successful in championship titles team in Greek water polo championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20109204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109204" title="1998 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix was the second round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 19 April 1998 at the Johor Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20109212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109212" title="DHL (disambiguation)">
DHL (disambiguation)

DHL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20109244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109244" title="1998 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the third round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 3 May 1998 at the Circuito Permanente de Jerez.

</doc>
<doc id="20109261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109261" title="Nasa (genus)">
Nasa (genus)

Nasa is a genus of plants in the family Loasaceae.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20109266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109266" title="Here Comes Inspiration">
Here Comes Inspiration

Here Comes Inspiration is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1974. Notable songs from the album include "Rainy Days & Mondays", "You & Me Against the World" and "If We Could Still Be Friends".

</doc>
<doc id="20109284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109284" title="Warm Up">
Warm Up

Warm Up is a Formula One style racing video game, released in 2000 developed by Lankhor, and published by Microïds, for Microsoft Windows based PCs.
The game can be played by up to 10 players on a network. The game does not have the proper license, and therefore does not have the correct teams and drivers, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20109286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109286" title="Judy Bentinck">
Judy Bentinck

Judith Ann Bentinck (née Emerson) (born Newcastle-Under-Lyme 10 October 1952), the wife of actor Tim Bentinck, is a couture milliner based in Central London. Through her marriage she holds the title Countess of Portland.
Background and education.
Born to John Robert Emerson and Mary Elizabeth Emerson (née Graham), Judy attended Alleyne’s School (later Alleyne's High School), Stone, Staffordshire. She gained a BA in printed textiles at Liverpool College of Art, then later moved into the world of costume design, working for the RSC, the BBC and the Royal Opera House and teaching at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
Judy Bentinck trained with Rose Cory, Royal Warrant Holder and world-renowned teacher.
Career.
"Portland Hats" was started in 2002 and re-branded in 2004 to "Judy Bentinck Millinery" to 'emphasize the exclusivity of her product'. Housed at Cockpit Arts Studios in Holborn, Judy creates a Spring/Summer and an Autumn/Winter Collection each year, but the majority of her work is bespoke, by commission.
Judy also teaches millinery through Cockpit Arts Studios and Central Saint Martins.
Family.
Judy married Tim Bentinck in 1979 and they have two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20109308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109308" title="1998 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth race of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 15 May 1998 at the Mugello Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20109321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109321" title="Backline">
Backline

Backline may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20109350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109350" title="1998 French motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 French motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 31 May 1998 at Le Castellet.

</doc>
<doc id="20109361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109361" title="Sigurd Willoch">
Sigurd Willoch

Sigurd Daniel Isaachsen Willoch (16 May 1903 - 20 March 1991) was a Norwegian art historian and director of the National Gallery of Norway.
He was born in Oslo, the grandson of painter Olaf Isaachsen. He was a second cousin of both national aviation director Erik Isaachsen Willoch and Norwegian Prime Minister 1981–1986 Kåre Isaachsen Willoch.
Sigurd Willoch took the mag.art. degree in 1925. He worked as a research fellow from 1928 to 1933, taking the doctorate in 1932. He was the art critic for the newspapers "Aftenposten" from 1935 to 1942 and "Morgenbladet" 1945-46. He was the director of the National Gallery of Norway from 1946 to 1973. 
He wrote considerably about Norwegian art and artists dating from the 19th century, including works about artists Olaf Isaachsen, Edvard Munch, Hugo Lous Mohr (1889–1970), August Cappelen (1827–1852) and Thomas Fearnley (1802–1842). He also produced works which focused on the Art Society in Oslo and the National Gallery of Norway. 
He served on the National Gallery Board 1952-76, was a member and sometimes chairman of the Norwegian unit of Scandinavian Museum Association 1946-71, Norwegian member of the Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art (CIHA) from 1958 to 1973 and represented Norway for some years in the International Council of Museums. He was made a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters in 1939 and was knighted by First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1973.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20109370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109370" title="Kenneth P. Johnson">
Kenneth P. Johnson

Kenneth Parker Johnson (August 24, 1934 – November 2, 2008) was an American newspaper editor. Johnson was best known for his efforts in the 1970s and 1980s to build the "Dallas Times Herald" into one of the nation's most respected newspapers, which ultimately failed when the paper was purchased by its rival "The Dallas Morning News" in 1991 and promptly shut down.
Johnson was born on August 24, 1934 in Huntington, West Virginia and graduated in 1953 from high school in Bristol, Tennessee. After completing high school, he took a job as a copyboy with the "Bristol Herald Courier" of Bristol, Virginia. He attended what is now East Tennessee State University. He worked for the newspaper while he was in college, serving in a succession of posts as sports writer, general assignments reporter, city editor and night editor. After graduating from college in 1960, he was hired as the chief copy editor of the "Savannah Morning News" in Georgia, and was promoted to city editor and was named managing editor of the paper at age 25, within six months of his hire at the Morning News.
Johnson moved to Washington, D.C. in 1965, where he spent a year as an assistant to George Elliott Hagan, a Democratic Party member of Congress from Georgia. He was hired as night city editor by "The Washington Post" in 1966, and followed with a series of promotions to news editor, night managing editor, assistant production director, assistant general manager and vice president for operations.
Johnson moved to Dallas in 1975 when he was named executive editor of the "Dallas Times Herald". Johnson launched an effort to improve the paper's journalistic standards that resulted in the paper earning two Pulitzer Prizes; Erwin H. Hagler's feature photography for a series on the Western cowboy in 1980 and James B. Dickman's feature photography of life and death in El Salvador in 1983. A bitter competition arose between the "Times Herald" and "The Dallas Morning News" that improved reporting across the state but placed both publications in financial difficulty. Investigative coverage by the paper under Johnson included reports on police brutality, imbalances in city property tax appraisals and recruiting violations across football teams in the Southwest Conference. Johnson hired Bill Keller, later executive editor of "The New York Times", and newspaper columnist / political commentator Molly Ivins. Johnson remained at the "Times Herald" until 1984.
The "Times Herald" planned to print a story that would expose someone as a double agent of U.S. and Soviet intelligence. The article's subject threatened that he would commit suicide if the article was published and followed through on his threat after Johnson made the decision and the paper went ahead and printed the story in February 1976. Johnson stated that "if a story is newsworthy and supported by the facts, it is our policy to publish." The article's subject, Norman J. Rees, committed suicide by a gunshot wound in the head after the article was printed.
In 1985, Johnson formed Westward Communications together with Will D. Jarrett, his former editor at the Times Herald, which bought a series of 41 newspapers and nine shoppers in Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana and Texas, primarily in small towns. The business bought newspapers with printing presses and then followed by buying surrounding papers that could be printed on the presses already purchased, in a hub and spoke model. The group was sold for an estimated $80 million in 1997, with Mary Walton of "American Journalism Review" estimating that Johnson and his partner each netted as much as $25 million from the deal, though these numbers were unconfirmed.
Johnson died at age 74 on November 2, 2008 in Dallas of a heart infection at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas.

</doc>
<doc id="20109381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109381" title="Someone Behind You">
Someone Behind You

Someone Behind You is a 2007 South Korean psychological horror film, based on the manhwa "It's Two People" by Kang Kyung-ok. It was released in America as Voices under the 2009 After Dark Horrorfest film festival. In this movie, a young woman tries to escape what seems to be a curse that is killing members of her family one by one.
Plot.
The movie begins with a child witnessing a woman's mysterious murder with her blood smearing over the television set. The child begins to slowly inch closer to the dead lady, and as he reaches out to touch the knife, her eyes open and she utters a hair-raising scream. At the opening credits newspaper articles about inexplicable murders taking place and the movie title appears on the screen.
Ga-In (Yoon Jin-seo) is a full-time student in Korea with a talent for fencing. However while in school she is puzzled by a strange male student who Ga-In catches watching her. Ga-In and her family come to her aunt's, Jee-Sun, wedding. Before the wedding, Jee-Sun is pushed off of the third story balcony, and is immediately rushed to the hospital. After the rest of the family leaves the hospital, Ga-In stays behind and waits with her boyfriend, Hyun-Joong, while her aunt recovers. As they pass Jee-Sun's room, they witness Jee-Sun's younger sister, Kim Jung-Sun, repeatedly stabbing her.
Kim Jung-Sun is arrested for the murder of Jee-Sun, and is held for questioning. It is soon revealed that the family believes that their family is cursed and at least one family member dies in incomprehensible ways. In this case, a hidden force possessed Jung-Sun and caused her to kill Jee-Sun. After the incident, Ga-In begins to have forewarnings, while dreaming, about a woman who was covered in blood who tells her she is next. The next day at school, Ga-In is resting in the nurse's office while another student visits her class room looking for her. He wants her to be in a PR video they are making, and explains it is important that she is the one in the video. The teacher suggests Eun-Kyung, the top student, instead, but the young man refuses. Ga-In sees a vision of a shadowy figure who frightens her with a misshapen hand. Later, Eun-Kyung visits Ga-In at the nurse's and attempts to kill her with a pair of scissors. During the struggle, Eun-Kyung is stabbed instead, and it is later revealed that she has transferred to a different school. Later that same day, while she opens the locker a deformed figure tries to grab her, Ga-In is confronted by her teacher, who then blames her for Eun-Kyung leaving and tries to kill her. Luckily, Ga-In is saved by a classmate.
After a series of perilous incidents, Hong Suk-Min, an eccentric student who is rumored to have killed his own father, knows the truth about the family curse. He advises Ga-In to trust no one, including herself. After talking to Hong, she visits Kim Jung-Sun to ask her about the murder. She tells her that Jee-Sun's husband is Jung-Sun's ex-boyfriend, and she had required revenge on Jee-Sun. She tells Ga-In that an unknown force possessed her and coerced her to kill her sister.
That evening, after a mysterious wind closed the gate after she received the invitation, the classmate that had saved her from the teacher has come to have his try at eliminating her by using a baseball bat. She gets away and runs inside only to find her mother throwing knives at her. Frightened, she then tells her father that she no longer feels safe inside her own home with her family, and is going to get away for a little while. Her father then tells her that there is a forgotten family member in a different village, named Hwang Dae-Yong. On the bus, Ga-In meets Hong again, and together they visit Dae-Yong.
While at his home, Dae-Yong tells them that in order to not be affected by the curse that surrounds the family, Ga-In must not meet someone like herself. Dae-Yong begins telling them the story of when he learned of his wife's alleged affair. While waiting to cross the street, Dae-Yong was suddenly overwhelmed with jealousy and pushes his wife into the path of an oncoming bus. Upon being released from prison, Dae-Yong tries to find the unknown force that controls him. When Ga-in discovers a secret closet that contains past newspaper reports about savage deaths which were taking place, then while she's sleeping a deformed being try to haunt her.
After Ga-In and Hong Suk-Min return home, Dae-Yong commits suicide in order to stay away from the curse. Later at school, Ga-In has an apparition of her best friend pushing her from a balcony, and glares at her with a sinister face. Ga-In realizes that she really can not trust anyone and leaves school. One night she mystifyingly wakes up in her bed and makes her way downstairs. However, recalling Suk-Min's warning, she turns around and sees her parents mysteriously killed. It is divulged that Hyun-Joong is the one who eliminates her parents, and that he had manipulated Ga-In to get close to her family to demand vengeance on Ga-In's father. Ga-In tries to fight off Hyun Joong, he stabs her for a short time as she tries to save her younger sister, and is making a scheme to set the house on fire and it will be turned into hell. Ga-In suddenly awakes and impales him. Just as he is about to strangle her, both sisters quickly regain consciousness, and finally defeats and stab him and leave him dead as the house begins to burn in a mass of flames.
In the hospital, after the fire happened last night, Ga-In and Ga-Yun are placed in the same room. Ga-In is having nightmares of her aunt killed her comatose sister all the people who planned to eliminate her, and is woken by her sister Ga-Yun. Ga-In has a hallucination of Ga-Yun taking a knife from her pocket, and they both struggle and the knife ends up stabbing Ga-yun. Ga-Yun cries and asks Ga-In how she could do this to her own sister. Hong Suk-Min is then seen on the couch and exposes his true individuality, the curse. Only he can be seen by Ga-In and the people he controls. Ga-In looks down at Ga-Yun and realizes that it wasn't a knife in her pocket, but instead a burnt family photo. Hong Suk-Min then tries to eliminate Ga-In. Ga-In stabs Hong Suk-Min, but in reality she stabs herself because he is controlling her from the inside.
In the epilogue, a boy is being verbally assaulted by his teacher. After the teacher leaves, Hong Suk-Min appears in a new body and asks the boy if he wants help to get back at the teacher.
Reception.
The film currently holds a 31% "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes' audience review section. Dread Central reviewed the movie, writing "These Voices need to shut up. Do not bother. You've been warned." 

</doc>
<doc id="20109383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109383" title="Backline (stage)">
Backline (stage)

The term backline used to refer just to audio amplification equipment that stands behind the band on stage, including amplifiers for guitars, bass guitars and keyboards. In the US, backline has expanded in recent years to include the instruments that the musicians play, from guitars and bass guitars, to keyboards and organs, to drum kits and various percussion instruments such as guitar, bass and other percussion instruments. It is often used in this sense to talk generally about the equipment available to or needed by musicians. (e.g. "What is the backline at O'Malley's Pub? The band wants to know if they need to bring their own drums or amps.")
Backline equipment can be rented for touring or studio use. Many travelling musicians prefer not to carry their own backline across borders and continents for fear of damage or customs hassles, which makes renting backline equipment while on tour an attractive option.
Backline technicians look after, set up and maintain the backline equipment.Backline techs who travel with touring acts are also known as roadies.
PA equipment, which is generally placed in the "frontline" so as to reduce problems of acoustic feedback, is not part of the back line. In rock music's early days, the PA and the band's amplification were all set in a line, which conceptually grouped PA and instrument amplification together. This changed after the late 1960s, when the band's instrumentation was set behind the PA to create the modern audio stage set-up. It is from this stage set-up that modern monitoring techniques, as well as the concepts of frontline and backline, developed.

</doc>
<doc id="20109433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109433" title="A Little Bit of Love (album)">
A Little Bit of Love (album)

A Little Bit of Love is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1974. Notable songs from the album include "Sad Song (That Used to Be Our Song)", "A Little Bit of Love", "The Family of Man" and "Loneliness".

</doc>
<doc id="20109457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109457" title="Geoff Sidebottom">
Geoff Sidebottom

Geoffrey Sidebottom (26 December 1936 – 3 November 2008) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Sidebottom joined Wolverhampton Wanderers from their Yorkshire-based nursery club Wath Wanderers in 1954. Due to the talent of Bert Williams and Malcolm Finlayson, he had to wait until 1 November 1958 to make his first team debut, in a 2–1 defeat to West Bromwich Albion.
He managed 35 appearances for Wolves, including playing in the 1960 Charity Shield, before moving to their Midlands neighbours Aston Villa in February 1961. He broke through to their starting XI and played in their 1961 League Cup triumph over Rotherham United.
After 88 games in total for Villa, he joined Scunthorpe United in January 1965 and was a near-ever present in the 1965-66 season for them before losing his spot to the emerging Ray Clemence.
He had a spell playing in America with the New York Generals during 1967-68 when signed by his former Scunthorpe manager Freddie Goodwin. He later followed Goodwin back to England to join Brighton and Hove Albion in January 1969 before retiring in 1971.
He died on 3 November 2008, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20109479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109479" title="Aleksandra Pasynkova">
Aleksandra Pasynkova

Aleksandra Arkadyevna Pasynkova (; born April 14, 1987) is a female volleyball player from Russia. She plays for VC Uralochka (since 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="20109511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109511" title="Wild Resource Conservation Program">
Wild Resource Conservation Program

The Wild Resource Conservation Program (WRCP) is Pennsylvania’s biodiversity conservation program. As a part of the Office of Conservation Science of the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR), and working closely with the Pennsylvania Game Commission and the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, WRCP works to conserve Pennsylvania’s non-game animals, wild plants, and their habitats. Since 1982 the program has funded and facilitated hundreds of research, conservation, and education projects including the reintroduction of osprey and river otter, the ecological inventories of all 67 Pennsylvania counties, and the production of more than a dozen nature documentaries and numerous publications.
WRCP is supported by voluntary donations – it receives no general government funds.

</doc>
<doc id="20109515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109515" title="Bjørn Haug">
Bjørn Haug

Bjørn Haug (born 16 December 1928) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Oslo. He worked in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1959 to 1962 and in the private company Christiania Spigerverk from 1962 to 1972. He was then the Attorney General of Norway from 1972 to 1993, and also served as the State Conciliator of Norway, from January 1982 to January 1988. He was appointed to the European Free Trade Association Court in 1994, and served as its President from 1995 to 1999.
From 1975 to 1981 he chaired the board of directors of the Norwegian National Opera. He has also been the auditor of the Norwegian Nobel Committee.
In January 1956 he married judge Agnes Nygaard (born 1933). He was a son-in-law of Supreme Court Justice Marius Nygaard. He is the father of jurist Marius Nygaard Haug.

</doc>
<doc id="20109542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109542" title="War and Peace (game)">
War and Peace (game)

War and Peace "Game of the Napoleonic Wars: 1805-1815" is an Avalon Hill board game copyright 1980.
Overview.
The game War & Peace by Mark McLaughlin – according to BGG listings his first published game – is a multi-player strategic war game from the early 1980s. "Mr Lincoln's War", a similar game of the American Civil War, was also published in the mid-1980s but is now a very rare collector's item. Since the year 2000 Mr McLaughlin has also published several card-driven games for GMT Games set in the Napoleonic period, including "The Napoleonic Wars" (another multi-player strategic game of the whole war), "Wellington" (on the Peninsular War), and "Kutuzov" (on Napoleon's invasion of Russia in 1812). 
Components.
The functional unit counters, typical of the 1980s, represent strengths of 5,000 infantry, cavalry (representing a smaller number of men but able to move independently), or 6 ships (either warships or transports). The art is colourful and very simple and functional by today's standards.
There are around 50 leader counters, which play a key role in the game, as they are needed to move infantry and are rated for their ability in combat. Apart from a handful of incompetents rated "0" (e.g. Joseph Bonaparte or the Spanish Cuesta), most leaders are rated "1". Most countries have a few leaders of above-average ability, rated "2": Britain has Sir John Moore, France has Davout, Lannes, Soult and Masséna, Prussia has Blucher, Austria has Schwarzenberg and the Archduke Charles, whilst Russia has Bagration, Barclay de Tolly and Kutuzov. Finally Napoleon and Wellington (who were, according to McLaughlin in "The General", "in a league of their own") are rated "3". Most countries have a few "anonymous" leaders rated "0" who are used to move forces when no named general is available. Bernadotte is represented by two counters - he is a French Marshal until 1810, and then Swedish (Russian satellite) thereafter, and as in reality may well find himself fighting the French. There is only one naval leader, the British Admiral Nelson. Some leaders become available during the course of the game, and leaders may be killed in battle.
The map is divided into 4 individual boards: Spain, France, Prussia/Austria and Russia. Turkey and the Balkans are not shown or included in the game (in the campaign game Russia may be required to withdraw troops to fight one or more wars against the Turks; Britain may also be required to withdraw infantry, fleets and transports to fight the War of 1812 against the USA). Many of the scenarios can be played on just two boards (usually Boards 2 and 3). A hexagonal grid is printed on the map and it is common to reference each hex by a series of letters and numbers followed by the board number in parentheses. For example, Paris is CC9(2). There are a number of very well known errors on the board, e.g. Frankfurt am Main is shown in a different hex to the River Main, whilst an erroneous river (allegedly a railway line copied onto the map by mistake) is shown near Kiev. These do not materially affect play. The map shows the boundaries of 1805, with Tyrol and Venetia still included in Austria, and Prussia and Austria controlling Poland (Posen, Thorn and Warsaw are shown as in Prussia) following the Third Partition of that country in 1795.
Aside from the counters and the board, there is a Campaign Game Card, a Player Aid Card, and the rules. There is a leader display on the player aid card (on which stacks of infantry can be kept in their commanding general's box, reducing clutter on the map), while the alliance chart, force pools, and prisoners are on the campaign game card.
Player sides are: France (blue), Spain (yellow), Britain (red), Austria (white), Prussia (gray), and Russia (green). The markers for Fortresses, entrenchments and demoralization are black. Tactical matrix markers (see below) are white.
Strength points are also rated for what the game calls "morale" (a proxy for troop quality). Militia, landwehr, partisans and cossacks rate "0". Regular infantry (yellow lettering for minor countries, or black for Prussian, Austrian or Spanish regulars) rate "1". British, Russian and French infantry (white lettering) rate "2". French and Russian Guards rate "3". The total morale of a force is that of the largest number of strength points within it.
Most minor countries have forces. Some of these (e.g. Denmark, Sweden, Poland or Bavaria) are quite large minor powers, deploying cavalry, leaders (e.g. Bernadotte in his Swedish incarnation or Poniatowski) or fleets. Others are smaller, and some are only token forces (e.g. French forces raised in Spain and Portugal) of a single strength point. Some minor countries (e.g. Poland or Westphalia - northern Germany) do not exist until called into existence by the French player. Minor countries' counters are the colour of their major patron, although with yellow lettering. Some minor countries have two sets of counters, (e.g. Saxony which may be either a Prussian or a French satellite or Holland which may be either pro-British or pro-French, the latter at any rate until she is annexed to France and her forces incorporated into the French force pool in 1810).
Scenarios.
There are 10 Scenarios in War & Peace:
Scenarios 4, 5 and 6 may be linked, which gives the French player the option of consolidating his advance at Smolensk instead of trying to defeat Russia in a single year.
The tenth scenario is a campaign game, which was added as an afterthought to link the scenarios together. This is very long: there are 120 month-long turns. At the start of the campaign game in 1805 France and Spain are at war with Britain, Austria and Russia, with Prussia neutral. France may win by conquering Russia, Spain or Britain; otherwise victory would be determined by adding up the number of objective cities controlled by each power (Spain doubled for the sake of play balance). The game would end if France is conquered (Paris captured) twice, as after a first conquest Napoleon is deemed to go into exile on Elba, a die being rolled on each turn thereafter until he returns (there is a slim chance that he may be killed by Royalist French troops on his way back). 
"The General" Magazine Volume 26 Number 6 introduced a new scenario, "Marengo - The Italian Campaign of 1800".
Turn Sequence.
"Attrition Phase
Alliance Phase
Reinforcement Phase
Movement Phase
Combat Phase"
"Attrition Phase
Alliance Phase
Reinforcement Phase
Movement Phase
Combat Phase"
Attrition Phase.
Attrition is when forces are reduced in size to represent the effects of disease and desertion. A single die roll is made on the attrition table and then applied to all the hexes where you have forces (as a house rule, some players roll separately for each force to reduce the role of luck). There is a column for every strength value - the larger the force, the more severe attrition will be, but stacks of 5 Strength Points or less are immune, which rewards players for keeping their armies in corps-sized stacks (see below for how such stacks can reinforce one another in combat). There are DRMs that apply (e.g. attrition is more severe in winter, and in Spain and Russia where it was harder for armies to live off the land; all units in their home country get a -1 DRM whereas unsupplied units get a +1 DRM). If more than one strength point is to be lost then one of them must be cavalry if there is one in the hex.
Neutral countries are immune from attrition, enabling a defeated major power to rebuild their forces until they rejoin the war.
Alliance Phase.
Diplomacy takes place in the alliance phase. This system is used to allow nations to ally with one another. Alliances essentially allow you to acquire the use of another nation's forces. Each scenario has its own effects chart. For example, in 1805 Prussia is more likely to enter the war if French forces cross her territory as Bernadotte did in reality. In the 1812 scenario, a roll in the Napoleon in Russia table can allow the French to gain Austrians, cause Prussian and Austrians to desert, force Napoleon to return to Paris to stop a coup d'état, or postpone more rolls on the table until November 1812. In any scenario, a defeat for Napoleon gives a large modifier to the Allies.
If allied to France, a major power may be required to send a small expeditionary force under a randomly chosen commander to aid the French (e.g. La Romana's Spanish force which had to be rescued from Denmark by British ships when Spain changed sides in 1808, the Russian forces which assisted the French invasion of Austria in 1809 or more famously the Prussian and Austrian forces, under Yorck and Schwarzenberg, which assisted Napoleon's invasion of Russia in 1812).
When there are not enough players to fill out each of the seats in the campaign game, there are rules for automatically determining the outcome of alliances. This is problematic as France receives points for controlling blocs of minor countries (e.g. in Italy and Germany), so it is easy to end up with all the continental powers allied to France. An alternative diplomacy table on www.grognard.com can be used instead for a campaign game with fewer than 6 players.
The War and Peace kit from Dear Valley is also worth studying.
Reinforcement Phase.
Production – There are reinforcements in every scenario, but production rules are only used in the campaign game. Essentially each power receives a number of production points (zero, one or two according to the die roll) for each controlled production city - normally the capital - in the homeland. Each type of strength point has a different cost (e.g. 2 for cavalry, 1 for infantry, or 0.5 for militia or landwehr) in production points. French replacements are increased if Napoleon is in Paris (in between campaigns, obviously), while Britain may grant production points by sea transport, which increases the chances of the recipient allying with Britain.
Some cities, e.g. Prague (part of Austria at the time) may only produce landwehr. Once Spain and Portugal are at war with France, they may produce large numbers of militia and partisans at any city in their homeland.
Movement.
Leaders have a movement allowance of 10 MP, cavalry have a movement allowance of 4 MP, and infantry 3 MP, although they cannot move without a leader. Infantry units can be dropped off but not picked up during movement. Rivers cost an extra MP to cross (unless there is a friendly city in the hex), making them quite formidable obstacles.
You can attempt to increase movement by 1, 2, or 3 MP using Forced March - the more MPs you try to obtain, the more likely it is that the attempt will fail and you will suffer loss of forces. However French forces have a favourable modifier which makes a forced march of 1 MP almost certain to be obtained, giving French infantry a movement allowance of 4 MP for practical purposes.
Overrun attacks can occur during movement. If you spend 1 extra MP and have 4:1 odds (5:1 odds on a mountain hex), you destroy all enemy units without loss. If you have 6:1 odds you can overrun without spending a movement point.
Supply.
Essentially, a unit must trace supply to a major city through a chain of friendly strength points (i.e. of the same colour - you can't trace through allies) up to 3 hexes long. A weak French supply chain might be broken by Spanish partisans or Russian cossacks. A supply chain cannot be traced through enemy units, but a unit in a city that is also besieged by enemies is always in supply (albeit subject to more stringent attrition). Unsupplied units' combat strength is halved (round up) when attacking, they may not execute overruns, and there are adjustments to the attrition roll and the forced march roll.
Combats and Sieges.
The active player indicates which hexes he will attack before resolving any combat. If combat takes place in a non-city hex, it is automatically a field battle. A city-hex may have a field battle or a siege depending on the choice of the defending player. Once an attack is indicated at least one combat round must be fought. Between rounds the attacker may attempt to bring up strength points from neighboring hexes to the fight (a 5 or greater including leadership DRM is needed). That unit must be withdrawn from any ongoing combat first (you can withdraw after each round of combat). Thus, forces involved in a particular battle may change from round to round. To illustrate this consider that the French are being attacked by the British in EE7(2) and the Prussians are attacking the French in Lille EE6(2). In round 1, the British fight in EE7(2) and in round 2 the Prussians must fight in EE6(2), but in the next round, the British might withdraw some forces to Prussian-held FF6(2), which will then be available for Prussia in round 2 (assuming the 5 or greater roll succeeds). Round 2 consists of fights in both hexes EE6 and EE7, but now the Prussian siege in Lille is reinforced. This can go on for more rounds until one side is completely eliminated or the battle is broken off. If the attacker stops the fight, the defender (inactive player) can counterattack with the same method (note that in this case, the unsupplied forces of the counterattacking army are not halved). Forces that are adjacent to a battle can participate in the battle without moving to the battle hex - being adjacent is enough.
To resolve combat, you total strength and the largest side divides its force by the smallest side. There are three odds ratios: 2:1 (and up), 3:2, and 1:1. There are rows for each of these in a Combat Results Table. Combat may continue for several rounds, and each round, the player with the strongest force rolls 2D6 applying modifiers for leadership, morale, terrain effects, and (if using the optional rules) tactics. Then you find the result in the table for the relevant odds ratio. Above it will be two columns (like in the header of a table) and the left side applies to the larger force, the right side to the smaller force.
As an example, suppose two armies clash, one led by Napoleon (leader rating 3) and one Bagration (leader rating 2). In the French army there are 20 strength points and Bagration leads an army of 8. Odds then are 2:1 plus and there is a net 1 increase for Napoleon's tactical advantage. Suppose it takes place in a forest hex though, so there is a -1 adjustment as well. Two dice are rolled and the result is an 8. There is no net adjustment so the result for 8 is searched for in the 2:1 row. The result for the larger force is “1” and for the smaller force “D1”. This means that the smaller force is immediately demoralized. The Combat Loss chart is then consulted. Bagration's army of 8 in the D1 Row means 2 SP are lost, whereas Napoleon's 20 lose 2 as well. A "D" result requires that side to lose at least one strength point of cavalry, and the loser must retreat, and must also lose an additional strength point if he is inferior in cavalry to the winner.
Sieges work only slightly differently. 6 Strength Points may take refuge in a major city (4 in a minor city). A city may be assaulted or besieged. If assaulted, the defenders' combat strength is doubled (some players triple them as a house rule, making a strongly defended city even harder to assault), but a garrison of only a single strength point will still be eliminated if it takes any kind of combat loss, making small French garrisons in the Peninsular War vulnerable to Spanish partisans. If besieged, a player puts a siege marker with a value of 1 in the first combat phase and increases it each subsequent combat phase. The besieger may now roll and if the result is less than or equal to the marker the city falls and all units are taken prisoner. The value of siege points taken (which can never be greater than 5) is also added to the attrition roll of the besieged force.
Naval Rules.
They are used only in the campaign game and consist of blockades of ports and skirmishes per sea zone (Baltic, North Sea, Atlantic and Mediterranean). There is a separate chart to see what happens when fleets come together (an alternative naval combat table was published in "The General"). As in reality, Britain has roughly as many naval units as all other countries combined. Control of the seas is critical for transport in the campaign game. An unwary French player may lose naval bases or even an insufficiently garrisoned Paris to British naval expeditions.
Optional Rules.
The Tactical Matrix allows each player to (secretly) select a battlefield tactic which when cross-checked against the enemy tactic gives a possibility of a positive (or negative) DRM to the combat roll. There are some other optional rules, including a limited intelligence rule (where you don't check stack contents until a battle takes place). There are also a number of variants and FAQs on the net.
A French force commanded by Napoleon may "commit the Imperial Guard" to battle for the coup de grace - the entire morale of the French force is deemed to be "3" for that round of combat, but all losses must come from Imperial Guard strength points. Although this is common, an overstretched French player may decide, like Napoleon at Borodino, that it is better to keep the Guard to fight another day.
Token forces of British, Prussian or Spanish Guards (one strength point each) may be added to the game but these have little effect on play.
Other.
Many other games have dealt with the same period of time, e.g. Avalon Hill's "Empires in Arms". is a computer game.
In Glasnost The Game, which was inspired by a Cypriot peace builder, the winner is the player who manages to disarm her territories first. However, to achieve this she first has to conquer them by engaging in wars!

</doc>
<doc id="20109554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109554" title="Cosimo Antonelli">
Cosimo Antonelli

Cosimo Antonelli (July 23, 1925 – January 16, 2014) was an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Venice.
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played one match as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20109576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109576" title="Frans de Munck">
Frans de Munck

Frans de Munck (20 August 1922 – 24 December 2010) was a Dutch footballer and football manager. He died, aged 88, in Arnhem on 24 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20109638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109638" title="Ordinary Fool">
Ordinary Fool

Ordinary Fool is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1975. Notable songs from the album include "Flash", "Ordinary Fool" and "Don't Call It Love".
Track listing.
Ella Fitzgerald recorded Ordinary Fool on her Pablo release, "Montreux '77".

</doc>
<doc id="20109641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109641" title="Robert Kretschmer">
Robert Kretschmer

Robert Kretschmer (1812-1872) was a German illustrator, known for his illustrations in "Brehms Tierleben".

</doc>
<doc id="20109644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109644" title="Kartika Affandi-Koberl">
Kartika Affandi-Koberl

Kartika Affandi-Koberl (born November 27, 1934), is an Indonesian artist born into a family of artists. 
Early life.
Kartika Affandi-Koberl was born in Jakarta in 1934. She is the daughter of Affandi and Maryati, who were both artists. Kartika became engaged to a young Javanese artist, Saptohudoyo, at the age of fourteen and when she was seventeen they were married. She bore Sapto eight children.
Artistic career.
Kartika never received formal art instruction. From the age of seven, she was instructed by Affandi in how to paint with fingers and tubes directly on the canvas. Any mixing of colours is done on her hands and wrists. Kartika has no permanent studio; like Affandi, she prefers to paint outside in the village environment where she interacts directly with her subjects and on-lookers. This contrasts with most contemporary Indonesian painters, who work in their studios from mind-images, memory, photographs or sketches.
In a modern art world born in 1930s, in which men were still the predominant actors, Kartika is one of a small group of women who from the mid-1980s have succeeded in exhibiting their work on a regular basis and in gaining limited critical recognition. Even in this context, Kartika's art emerges as unique, ranging as it does from conventional to subversive.
In a culture where the individual self rarely is put to the fore, Kartika had made the self-portrait one of her main themes. In a society where emotion is suppressed, both publicly and privately, Kartika fills her canvases with intense feeling. In culture where genitals are considered taboo in representation, Kartika has painted her own nudity graphically and without the prescribed, distancing sweetness, never depicting the body as an object of pleasure, whether that of others or her own.
Not surprisingly given their close bond, Kartika has painted numerous penetrating portraits of her father, right through the last years of debilitating illness at the end of his life. Another provocative portrait, "Hindu Priest", shows an old man, close up, as he walks on a beach. His face is preoccupied, intense - a face that might have been taken from an Ingmar Bergman movie. There is nothing here of the glamour, romance or mystical aura that so often characterises images from Bali such as in O.H. Supono's "Balinese Priest".
Focus.
Following in the populist footsteps of Affandi, Kartika also has a long history of painting rural and dispossessed people such as fishermen, farmers, workers and beggars. Since these individuals pose while interacting with her and exchanging life histories as she paints, these must be considered portraits. Although narrative, her paintings when viewed close up dissolve into strong, abstract statements in energetically applied impasto oils. Kartika's work ranges from the sweet and idyllic to an expressive realism that can be harsh. The latter is evident in her paintings of beggars, handicapped people and suffering animals and in her uncompromising depiction of the progress of old age, whether painting a stranger, her father, or herself.
The second beginning in Kartika's artist career occurred around 1980, when she studied painting restoration in Austria to enable her to repair Affandi's deteriorating paintings. Here, solitude and reflection paved the way for her most unique portraits.

</doc>
<doc id="20109666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109666" title="Vadali">
Vadali

Vadali is an Indian village located 2 kilometers away from Mudinepalli mandal, 
Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, situated on the Bantumilli-Gudiwada highway.
Description.
The village having Hanuman temple in the main center, and well known for the temple of 'Lord Jagannatha Swamy'. Also this village is called as 'Chinna Puri'. This is the second biggest Jagannath temple in India. More than 5000 people live in this village. You can see temples, Schools, green fields,lotusponds and canals round the village and looks pretty beautiful.
The nearest town is Gudiwada, 15 km away. The nearest city is Vijayawada, 50 km away.
Facilities.
The Lord Jagannatha Swamy temple, located in the village, The education system in the village is strengthening, and students are getting a quality education with a lot of opportunities. In the last decade many have become professionally educated, and now pursue careers in Information technology and other related sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="20109675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109675" title="Vocabulon">
Vocabulon

Vocabulon is a French language educational video game, produced by Megableu and Index+ in 1998. It was released for both Microsoft Windows based PCs and Apple Macintosh computers.
The aim of the game is to save the world of words (Vocabulon) from the diabolic professor Charabia, who has built a machine which devourer's letters. The player has to bring a bomb into his den, where the player finds each letter, which composes the code, on islands of Vocabulon.

</doc>
<doc id="20109686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109686" title="Don't Call It Love">
Don't Call It Love

"Don't Call It Love" is a song first released by American singer Kim Carnes on her 1981 album "Mistaken Identity". The following year it was covered by Captain and Tennille and Dusty Springfield from their albums "More Than Dancing" and "White Heat". Later the song was covered and released as a single by American entertainer Dolly Parton. Released in 1985, it was the first single from the album "Real Love". The song reached #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20109737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109737" title="Cedar Canyon Bridge">
Cedar Canyon Bridge

The Cedar Canyon Bridge is a steel arch highway bridge on US 60 near Show Low, Arizona. The span ribbed girder arch bridge was built in 1937–38 with a total length of . The Cedar Canyon bridge was substantially widened and upgraded in 1994, using the identical arch from the Corduroy Creek Bridge to double the width of the Cedar Canyon bridge while rehabilitating the deck structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20109742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109742" title="Stypandra glauca">
Stypandra glauca

Stypandra glauca is a species of rhizomatous perennials. The plant is widespread across southern areas of Australia, where it is informally known as the nodding blue lily or blind grass.
The lily-like flowers are blue with yellow stamens, the appear during winter or spring. The plant is commonly grown in gardens and frequently encountered in its native habitat. The leaves are bluish, as described in the epithet "glauca" (Gk.), these clasp the stem in an alternate arrangement and are up to 200 millimetres long. 
It was first described by Robert Brown in 1810 in "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae".
Ingestion of flowering plants have been found to cause blindness in goats.

</doc>
<doc id="20109747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109747" title="Alfonso Buonocore">
Alfonso Buonocore

Alfonso Buonocore (born March 11, 1933) is an Italian freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 metre freestyle competition.
Four years later he was a member of the Italian water polo team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20109756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109756" title="St. George's School, Chennai">
St. George's School, Chennai

St George's School was founded in 1715 as the Military (later Madras) Male Orphan Asylum and is one of the oldest schools in the world and the oldest in India. It is affiliated to the Anglo-Indian Board of Education. 
It is situated in the heart of the city in Shenoy Nagar, a bustling area in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The school has red brick buildings on a land area of , with a boarding house, dormitory, kitchen and play grounds. The school provides education to over 1500 children from nursery up to the +2 level. It has a library, NCC and a computer centre. There are 36 staff members led by the Head Master and the Correspondent.
Hockey.
St George's has one of the best school hockey teams in Chennai. It has also produced many players who have represented Tamil Nadu and India at various levels. 
Mr. Jason, the hockey coach of the school, trained the team. He had trained the school team for more than 28 years and his legacy lives on after his sad demise in 2012. St. Georges school had the best hockey team in chennai and were consistent winners for years together in the sub junior,junior,senior and super senior categories under his coaching.
The main team consisted mostly of boys from the boarding home who stayed at the school premises and hence were easily available for coaching ,content updated by kendall robson a fellow student of the school.
Library.
St George's library has rare books from the 18th century to date.
Controversies.
In June 2012 there were news reports of increase in fee structure which was not in conformance with the fee structure set by Anglo-Indian Board, further to this there were protest by parents which resulted in ten parents being arrested and later released by Chennai Police. 
There were further allegations about school premises being misused for public events and other private events (including movie audio releases), although school principal R. Paul Victor Samuel maintained that these allegations were baseless. 
References.
www.stgeorgesaischool.org/

</doc>
<doc id="20109762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109762" title="Sir Walter Barttelot, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Walter Barttelot, 2nd Baronet

Sir Walter George Barttelot, 2nd Baronet (11 April 1855 – 23 July 1900) was of the Barttelot Baronetcy and son of Sir Walter Barttelot, 1st Baronet. The Barttelots are said to have come into England with William the Conqueror, and to have fixed their residence at a place called "At Ford", in the parish of Stopham Sussex.
Early life and military career.
Barttelot was born on 11 April 1855, the first son of Sir Walter Barttelot, 1st Baronet and Harriet Musgrave. He was educated at Eton College and subsequently served for some years in the 5th Dragoon Guards, in which he attained the rank of captain, retiring in 1879.
Barttelot married Georgiana Mary Balfour, the only daughter of George Edmond Balfour and Marianna Jowitt of the Manor, Sidmouth, on 3 June 1879. In 1880, he was appointed captain of the 1st Devon Yeomanry Cavalry, and in 1886, captain and honorary major of the 2nd Volunteer Battalion, Royal Sussex Regiment.
He held the office of Justice of the Peace for Sussex, the office of Justice of the Peace for Devon and was County Councillor for the Western Division of Sussex. He succeeded to the title of 2nd Baronet Barttelot, of Stopham, Sussex on 2 February 1893, after his father died of natural causes on the same day of his second wife's funeral.
Barttelot was killed in action on 23 July 1900 (aged 45) at Retief's Nek, Orange Free State in South Africa during the Second Boer War.
Legacy.
Barttelot Road, in Horsham, West Sussex, takes its name from the family.

</doc>
<doc id="20109768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109768" title="Enzo Cavazzoni">
Enzo Cavazzoni

Enzo Cavazzoni (2 March 1932 – 15 August 2012) was an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Asolo, Veneto.
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20109785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109785" title="Ådalsbruk Station">
Ådalsbruk Station

Ådalsbruk Station was a railway station on the Røros Line in Norway from 1862 to 1972.
It was opened in 1862 as Løken, renamed Aadalsbrug in 1881 to correspond with the nearby village. Both were named after the iron works Aadals Brug Jernstøberi og Mek. Værksted. The spelling was modernized to Ådalsbruk in 1921.
From 1972 the station was no longer manned.

</doc>
<doc id="20109791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109791" title="Maurizio D'Achille">
Maurizio D'Achille

Maurizio D'Achille (born 1932) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20109801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109801" title="Histoire littéraire de la France">
Histoire littéraire de la France

Histoire littéraire de la France is an enormous history of French literature initiated in 1733 by Dom Rivest and the Benedictines of St. Maur but it was abandoned in 1763 after the publication of volume XII. In 1814, members of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres (part of the Institut de France) took over the project, which had stopped halfway through the 12th century, and continued where the Benedictines had left off. From 1865 to 1892, the first sixteen volumes were reprinted with only minor corrections in parallel with the regular series.
Today, even though more than 43 volumes have been published, the HLF has not yet finished covering the 14th century. In order to increase the pace and prevent the project from coming to a halt, the committee in charge has decided in March 1999 to abandon a strict chronological order in favor of less constrained structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20109806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109806" title="Lisbon Geographic Society">
Lisbon Geographic Society

The Lisbon Geographic Society (Portuguese: "Sociedade de Geografia de Lisboa") is a Portuguese scientific society created in Lisbon in the year of 1875, aiming to "promote and assist the study and progress of geography and related sciences in Portugal."
The Society was created in the context of the European movement of exploration and colonization, having its activity particular emphasis in the exploration of the African Continent.
Institutional history.
On 10 November 1875, a group of 74 subscribers petition King Luís I of Portugal the creation of a society, to be called Sociedade de Geografia de Lisboa, with the objective to "promote and assist the study and progress of geography and related sciences in the country." Two of the subscribers were Luciano Cordeiro and Teófilo Braga, among many other intellectuals, journalists, and politicians of that time.
The Society's goals were to organize conferences and scientific congresses, and grant funds destined to exploration trips and scientific investigation.
In December 1876, the Society initiated the publication of the "Boletim da Sociedade de Geografia de Lisboa" (Lisbon's Geographic Society Bulletin), still in force today.

</doc>
<doc id="20109822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109822" title="Round shield">
Round shield

A round shield can refer to any type of hand-held shield that has a round shape. They come in highly varying sizes, and have, in different forms, been very popular in Europe, the Middle East and South Asia throughout the Bronze Age, the Middle Ages and the Early Modern period. Generally, during the Bronze Age they were large and common and used for shield walls, while since the Late Middle Ages they were mostly either the small Buckler, or supplanted by the heater shield.

</doc>
<doc id="20109829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109829" title="Tetsuya Chikushi">
Tetsuya Chikushi

Career.
Chikushi was born in Hita, Ōita on 23 June 1935. He graduated from Waseda University's school of political science and economics, and joined the "Asahi Shimbun" newspaper in 1959 as a reporter.
He worked for the "Asahi Shimbun"'s political news department, Okinawa bureau, and Washington bureau, before being appointed as managing editor of the "Asahi Journal" magazine.
He later resigned from the "Asahi Shimbun" to become the anchorman of TBS's "News 23" late-night news programme in October 1989. He left this programme in May 2007 after announcing on air that he was suffering from cancer.
He was a guest professor of Waseda University and Ritsumeikan University.
He died of lung cancer on 7 November 2008 at a hospital in Tokyo, aged 73.

</doc>
<doc id="20109849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109849" title="Exel">
Exel

Exel is a supply chain and logistics company operating in North America and Europe. Exel is wholly owned by the German firm Deutsche Post DHL. It reports annual revenues of about $4.2 billion. 
History.
The company has its origins in several independent warehouse and transportation management companies in the United States which were acquired in 1985 by NFC plc (formerly the National Freight Consortium, the nationalised UK transportation business created by the post-war Labour government). The new company was re-branded "Exel" and the Americas headquarters was established in Westerville, Ohio, in 1992.
By the year 2000, Exel had grown and expanded operations to include Canada, Latin America and South America. Its portfolio of solutions also grew to include transportation management, freight consolidation, contract packaging, contract manufacturing, demand planning and other supply chain services.
In May 2000 NFC plc merged with Ocean Group plc and, adopting the name of its American subsidiary, became "Exel plc".
In 2004 Exel plc acquired Tibbett & Britten, a leading UK-based contract logistics business, for $710m.
On 14 December 2005 Deutsche Post announced the completion of the acquisition of Exel plc. 
Operations.
Deutsche Post continues to trade under the "Exel" brand in North America. The rest of the business was merged with DHL Express to form DHL Exel Supply Chain. Exel operates 441 facilities and works with over 40,000 associates in North America. Exel serves the automotive, chemical, consumer, energy, industrial, life sciences, retail, and technology industries. Services include supply chain management, inbound to manufacturing, in-plant services, manufacturing, assembly and packing, warehousing and order fulfillment, transportation management, home and business delivery and reverse logistics.
Controversies.
The company has attracted notice in the press over the years for its labor practices. 
In August 2011, the main distribution center for Hershey candies was subjected to a strike by about 400 young foreign workers brought to the United States under the J1 "cultural exchange" visa program. The center in Palmyra, Pennsylvania was run for Hershey by Exel. Exel in turn subcontracted the staffing of the center to another firm SHS OnSite Solutions based in Lemoyne, Pennsylvania. The students were recruited by yet another organization called the Council on Educational Travel (CETUSA). 
In 2012, the Department of Labor's Occupational Safety and Health Administration fined Excel almost $300,000 for willfully failing to record and report on-the-job injuries for four years. 

</doc>
<doc id="20109852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109852" title="Disilyne">
Disilyne

Disilyne, , is a metalloid hydride composed of silicon and hydrogen. Disilyne is not well-characterised or well-known, and it is kinetically unstable with respect to isomerisation. The most stable isomer is a dibridged singlet, named di-μ"H"-disilyne, followed by a monobridged μ"H"-disilyne. A third, unbridged singlet ismomer is predicted to exist before disilyne - disilenylidene.
Disilynes contain a formal silicon–silicon triple bond and as such is formulated R2Si2 (where R is a substituent group) and is the silicon analogue of an alkyne. Some chemists use the term silyne to refer to compounds containing a silicon–silicon triple bond whilst others use the term to refer to compounds containing a silicon–carbon triple bond by analogy to silene, which often refers to compounds containing silicon–carbon double bonds. The term polysilyne can refer to the layer polymer (SiH)n or substituted derivatives.
The first reported disilynes.
The first example isolated and characterised by X-ray crystallography is an emerald green crystalline compound reported in 2004.
This molecule has the structure:
It was prepared by the reduction of the related tetrabrominated precursor by potassium graphite (KC8), it is air and moisture sensitive and does not melt or decompose until 128 °C.
Considered as a tetrasila-2-yne derivative the four Si atoms in the chain are not collinear and in this respect the compound differs from the related alkyne. The four silicon atoms in the chain are however perfectly coplanar, the first and fourth silicon atoms are "trans" to one another, and the angle between the triple bond and the adjacent silicon is 137°. The central triple bond is 206 pm (around 4% shorter than Si-Si double bonds (214pm)) and the other Si-Si single bonds are 237 pm. The colour is believed to be due to a weak π - π* transition. 
29Si NMR shows upfield shift 89.9 ppm relative to silyl substituted disilenes. 
Calculations show a bond order of 2.6. An alternative calculation of the bond order by a different group describes the bonding as essentially due to 2 electron pairs with the other pair in non-bonding orbitals.2. Reaction of this compound with phenylacetylene produced a 1,2 disilabenzene.
Other workers 
have also reported another related compound which contains a hexasila-3-yne chain:
In this the Si-Si triple bond length was calculated as 207 pm.
Comparison to C-C, Ge-Ge, Sn-Sn, Pb-Pb triple bonds.
Triple bonded compounds of the heavier members of group 14 have all been prepared; lead in 2000,

</doc>
<doc id="20109926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109926" title="Gustavia superba">
Gustavia superba

Gustavia superba is an understorey tree that grows in Central and North-Western South America.
Common names include Membrillo, Sachamango and Heaven Lotus. The trunk is around 5-10m high with the leaves radiating from the top (like palms).
Ecology.
"G. fosteri" grows naturally as an understory tree, where it is abundant, especially in secondary forests
. It appreciates abundant moisture, sun and well drained soil. It branches little until mature, and has a bunch of leaves at the top, so that it resembles a palm. Seeds are dispersed by agoutis. The leaves are a favourite food of iguanas.
Fruit.
It bears rounded pear shaped fruit cauliflorously (on the trunk). Inside the hard green shell that contain several large seeds about 4 cm in diameter. The yellowish-orange pulp is edible, is usually boiled after which it is said to resemble meat in taste. It is rich in A, B and C vitamins.
Distribution.
The tree is not widely known outside its native range from Ecuador to Panama and Venezuela, but has been planted in tropical botanical gardens, including in Singapore (where it is referred to as 'pungol') and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20109952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109952" title="RAF Harrowbeer">
RAF Harrowbeer

RAF Harrowbeer is former Royal Air Force airfield situated next to Yelverton in the parish of Buckland Monachorum, Devon England
Location.
RAF Harrowbeer was located approximately NNE of the city of Plymouth and approximately south of Tavistock, and also sits within the boundary of Dartmoor National Park. Although sited near the village of Yelverton, it was called 'Harrowbeer' in order to distinguish it from the similar-sounding RNAS Yeovilton. The airfield was under the control of No. 10 Group RAF and was never assigned a station badge.
The former Ravenscroft School became the officers' mess.
Based units.
The airfield opened in May 1941. It closed following the end of World War II.
A large number of units used the airfield at some point, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="20109969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109969" title="Giuseppe D'Altrui">
Giuseppe D'Altrui

Giuseppe D'Altrui (born Naples April 7, 1934) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.
Four years later he won the gold medal with the Italian team in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored one goal. At the 1964 Games he finished again fourth with the Italian team in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
