<doc id="20097181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097181" title="The Jungle Captive">
The Jungle Captive

The Jungle Captive is a 1945 sequel to "Jungle Woman" (1944), which had been preceded by "Captive Wild Woman" (1943). "The Jungle Captive" features Otto Kruger, Amelita Ward, and Rondo Hatton (as a character named "Moloch"). Vicky Lane plays Paula Dupree, a lead character from the two earlier films. The movie was written by Dwight V. Babcock and directed by Harold Young.
Plot.
The film begins in the laboratory of the eminent biochemist Mr. Stendahl (Otto Kruger). As his assistants, Ann Forester (Amelita Ward) and Don Young (Phil Brown) observe, he successfully concludes an experiment to restore life to a dead rabbit. 
Meanwhile at the city morgue, the misshapen Moloch (Rondo Hatton) arrives to claim the body of the now dead Ape Woman (Vicky Lane). The inquisitive attendant begins checking his credentials and is strangled for his efforts. Moloch escapes unseen with his quarry in a stolen ambulance. 
With the Ape Woman’s body in tow, Moloch ditches the stolen vehicle over a cliff and proceeds with his own car to his final destination. He arrives at a desolate house and carries his cargo inside. 
The police, led by Inspector Harrigan (Jerome Cowan) manage to discover a clue, a medical smock, found near the wreckage of the ambulance. They trace it to Mr. Stendahl’s lab, where Harrigan finds that it belongs to Don, making him suspicious of the young lab assistant. Ann, present during his questioning, offers a fake alibi to cover for her fiancée. 
Later, Stendahl abducts Ann and transports her to his secret lab, the desolate house on Old Orchard Road that contains Moloch and the body of the Ape Woman. He plans to use a portion of Ann’s blood to revive the creature. Moloch, enamored with the pretty new houseguest, becomes very protective of her. With her blood, the biochemist is successful in restoring life to the beast. In order to fully prove his theory, he knows he will need to convert her to human form. He sends Moloch to secure the records of the late Dr. Walters, which remain in the possession of Dr. Fletcher. A later dialog exchange reveals that the hapless Fletcher was killed during the theft. 
Armed with the recorded knowledge gathered by Dr. Walters, Stendahl utilizes glandular secretions from his captive lab assistant to complete the Ape Woman’s metamorphosis. However, the brain of his subject has been damaged and possesses only animal instincts. He determines that a new brain is needed, and decides to use Ann as a donor. 
Stendahl departs for his downtown lab, and the now very human Ape Woman wanders away. Moloch cannot locate her on the grounds, and goes to Stendahl’s office in search of his boss. He finds Don there, but is informed that Stendahl is out. Don notices that Moloch is wearing a fraternity pin that he had given to Ann. He trails Moloch back to the Old Orchard Road house, and is there captured by Moloch and Stendahl. 
After binding Don to a chair, Stendahl and Moloch attempt to locate the missing Ape Woman. While they are engaged in their search, Don frees himself and tries to escape with Ann. Stendahl and Moloch thwart his efforts, and return them to the laboratory. 
The police make a search of Stendahl’s downtown office at the Medical Building. Harrigan finds a utility bill receipt, indicating an Old Orchard Road address, paid by the biochemist. Remembering that the wrecked ambulance was discovered near there, he decides to follow up on the lead. 
Don, tied once again to a chair, is forced to watch as Stendahl prepares for his next operation. However, when Don explains to Moloch that the brain transplant will result in Ann’s death, the once loyal henchman turns on his boss. Stendahl guns him down. Unbeknownst to the scientist, the gunfire causes the Ape Woman to revert to her beastly form. As he continues his preparations, the creature rises from the table and attacks him. With the scientist disposed of, she turns her attention toward the helpless Ann, but is in turn shot by the arriving Harrigan in the nick of time. 
The film ends with Don and Ann being pulled over by the police and presented with a subpoena for them to appear at the magistrate’s office. A closer examination of the document reveals the purpose; to pick up their wedding gift from Harrigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20097187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097187" title="M-Module">
M-Module

M-Modules are a mezzanine standard mainly used in industrial computers. Being mezzanines, they are always plugged on a carrier PCB that supports this format. The modules communicate with their carrier over a dedicated bus, and can have all kinds of special functions.
M-Modules are standardized as ANSI/VITA 12-1996 and are especially suited for adding any kind of real-world I/O to a system in a flexible way. They are modular I/O extensions for all types of industrial computers, from embedded systems up to high-end workstations. The M-Module Interface - a fast asynchronous parallel interface - offers sophisticated functions like 32-bit data bus, burst transfers up to 100 MB/s, DMA and trigger capabilities. M-Modules also offer direct front-panel connection rather than requiring a separate adapter panel with ribbon-cable connections. This provides a clean path for sensitive signals without loss of data or signal quality - using, for example, shielded D-Sub connectors and coax cables.
M-Module Introduction.
The mezzanine approach to placing multiple functions in a single card slot has been around for a long time both in proprietary and open standard forms. Valid arguments can be put forth for both of these approaches. The M-Module is one open standard that is gaining increasing popularity for applications in the fields of analog and digital I/O, instrumentation, robotics, motion functions and fieldbuses. This standard was originally developed in Germany by MEN Mikro Elektronik for VMEbus applications and was soon expanded to support the CompactPCI bus as well. It has been embraced as ANSI/VITA 12-1996. 
In addition to the single wide form shown, M-Modules can be developed in double, triple and quadruple wide configurations. Because of the standard's genesis in the VME world it is sized such that 4 fit in a 6U module and 2 in a 3U module. Conveniently, because of the way other backplane standards have evolved, 4 units easily fit the front panel space in VXI and 6U cPCI/PXI while 2 will fit in the front panel space of 3U cPCI/PXI and up to 8 will fit in a 1U LXI rack mount carrier.
At the present time a number of instruments are available in the M-Module form factor in the following categories:
A significant advantage to the M-Module is that it has a relatively straight forward set of electrical and mechanical specifications. This enables an engineer to design a function that might be required without having to become an expert on VXI, PXI or LXI as carriers are available to allow the design to be ported to the backplane or bus of the test system in use.
Supporting the Standard.
As with any mezzanine card, a means must be provided through which the card may be adapted to a backplane or higher level interface. Such a device is generally referred to as a carrier. These come in two types: non-intelligent and intelligent. The functions performed by the former include the simpler functions such as mounting and providing power as well as the more complex such as providing translation between bus types, protocols, routing of triggers and interrupts and making each mezzanine appear as a separate instrument to the host backplane. Intelligent carriers will generally perform all of the functions of the non-intelligent plus perform pre or post processing of data, allow the combination of multiple instruments into composite instruments that then may be controlled at a higher level, and perform translation of commands from older instruments so as to facilitate replacement of Legacy instruments.
Of equal or greater importance in the support of the mezzanine is the software. The majority of the M-Module instrument types referenced above come with VXI/PXI Plug-and-Play or IVI drivers. However, a number of the more control oriented M-Modules are supported only with C drivers. Actions are underway that are described below which allow application of the Plug-and-Play drivers across multiple platforms.
Benefits of Modularity.
Perhaps the greatest advantage of an M-Module mezzanine instrument is the ability of both the vendor and the user to become "Platform Agnostic". From the vendor's perspective, it is only necessary to develop one instrument, say a Pulse Generator, and with the use of carriers he can produce the same product into VXI, PXI, VME, LXI and other applications. This greatly reduces development costs when compared to the development of pulse generators for multiple buses.

</doc>
<doc id="20097229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097229" title="Lou L. LaBrant">
Lou L. LaBrant

Lou L. LaBrant (May 28, 1888 – February 25, 1991) was an American schoolteacher and author notable for her progressive ideas on teaching English. She was president of the National Council of Teachers of English in 1954. Her ideas toward English education were based on much practice developing ideas to write about rather than having children learn ever-changing grammar laws.
Biography.
Labrant was an English teacher for almost seventy years. She created free reading programs and worked at the University School of the Ohio State University during the 1930s and 1940s. In 1962, she received the W. Wilbur Hatfield Award for excellence. She also wrote numerous books on teaching. She died at the age of 102 in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20097232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097232" title="George Johnston (footballer)">
George Johnston (footballer)

George Johnston (born 21 March 1947) is a former Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward. He played more than 150 matches in the English Football League.
Johnston was born in Glasgow. He began his football career as a junior at Cardiff City, turning professional in 1964 and making his debut at the end of the 1964–65 season at the age of 17. He was part of Cardiff's 1965 Welsh Cup-winning team. The following year he settled into the side and, playing alongside the likes of John Charles and John Toshack, he finished as the club's top scorer with a total of 23 goals. In March 1967, Johnston played in a benefit match for victims of the Aberfan disaster against Arsenal and scored twice against the London club, which persuaded them to offer £20,000 to Cardiff to sign him.
He made his debut for Arsenal on August 19, 1967, against Stoke City and made 17 appearances in his first season, 1967-68. However, he could not hold down a place in 1968-69 and was dropped to the reserves, where he won a Football Combination winners' medal. Out of the Arsenal first team, he joined Second Division club Birmingham City in the summer of 1969, for a fee of £30,000. In total he made 25 appearances and having scored 3 goals for Arsenal.
Signed as a replacement for Fred Pickering, he failed to hold down a first-team place. A period on loan at Walsall immediately preceded a £6,000 move to Fulham, where he spent two years. A season with Hereford United followed, and one more with Newport County, before, at the age of just 26, he dropped out of league football.
He settled in Cardiff and worked for a marine engineering company.
Honours.
with Cardiff City

</doc>
<doc id="20097236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097236" title="East Tuddenham">
East Tuddenham

East Tuddenham is a village in the Breckland district of mid-Norfolk, East Anglia, England in the United Kingdom. It is around from the city of Norwich, and is close to the town of East Dereham. The village has an area of 847 hectares (3.27 square miles) with an estimated population of 515, according to the Breckland 2007 yearbook.
The village is served by All Saints church, now within the benefice of Mattishall.
East Tuddenham is bisected by Mattishall Road, which links to the A47 eastwards and eventually to East Dereham westwards (firstly passing through Mattishall, Clint Green and Yaxham).
East Tuddenham is surrounded by arable land cultivating a variety of crops including wheat, barley, oil seed rape, sugarbeet and potatoes. The village is fortunate to have many public footpaths and local walks including a walk for ramblers.
Notable people.
Sir George Mellish (1814-1877), Judge of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, was born at East Tuddenham and was one of the sons of the Rev. Edward Mellish, vicar of the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20097297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097297" title="High Voltage Hot Rod Show">
High Voltage Hot Rod Show

High Voltage Hot Rod Show is a WiiWare game developed by High Voltage Software. It was released in North America on January 19, 2009.
Gameplay.
"High Voltage Hot Rod Show" sees players racing hot rods around a track from an overhead view. The game also incorporates a stunt system to give players boosts that progressively increases their overall speed. The game is played over 6 tracks with 5 racers to choose from. It also includes up to 4 player split-screen offline multiplayer, and a Time Trial mode with online leaderboards.
The game features a number of control options for players, including steering their vehicle with the motion controls of the Wii Remote alone or with the thumbstick on the Nunchuk, with the game also supporting the Classic Controller and GameCube controllers.
Development.
"High Voltage Hot Rod Show" was inspired by games such as "R.C. Pro-Am" and "Micro Machines", with the style of the characters and vehicles taking inspiration from Kustom Kulture and the artwork of Ed Roth and Kenny Howard amongst others.
The game runs on High Voltage Software's Quantum 3 game engine that was used in High Voltage's previous WiiWare game "Gyrostarr". The game originally was to feature 8 tracks, but 2 were cut due to Nintendo's WiiWare game size restrictions.
Reception.
IGN scored the game a 6/10, noting the "inherently thin" content of the game and citing gameplay that follows a "very shallow, by-the-books design" that lacks polish. Wiiloveit.com gave it a 24/30, praising the "skill-oriented" gameplay, and "compelling trick system", but also commented that the game's lack of depth and "extended replay value" was its biggest flaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20097302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097302" title="Haplogroup F-L15">
Haplogroup F-L15

In human genetics, Haplogroup IJK is a human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroup.
Haplogroup IJK is a descendant branch of the macrohaplogroup F with haplogroup IJ and haplogroup K as its attested descendants.
Subclades.
Tree.
This phylogenetic tree of haplogroup subclades is based on the YCC 2008 tree and subsequent published research.
Some of the main branches within the group are shown below:-
Mutation.
L15.
The defining SNP "L15" is located at Y chromosomal location rs9786139 with the ancestral value being A and the derived value being G.
L16.
The defining SNP "L16" is at location rs9786714 with the ancestral value being G and the derived value being A.

</doc>
<doc id="20097304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097304" title="Centralia Power Plant">
Centralia Power Plant

Centralia Big Hanaford power plant is a major coal-fired power plant supplemented with newer natural-gas-fired units. It is located east of Centralia, Washington, United States in Lewis County. As of 2006, it is the only commercial coal-fired power plant in Washington State. A deal struck in early 2011 will result in both coal boilers being shut down by 2025.
Generating units.
Coal-fired.
The two identical coal-fired generating units have a combined capacity of 1,340 MW. Both units started up for commercial operation in August 1971. (Bonneville Power Administration 1980 EIS)
In 2011, a deal was struck between the plant owner and operator, TransAlta, and local environmentalists to shut down the coal boilers. The first would be shut down in 2020, and the second in 2025, with a schedule of emissions reductions to be met along the way. The Washington State Senate approved the deal with a 36-13 vote.
Gas-fired.
In 2002, the plant capacity was supplemented with five natural gas-fired units. Four of them are 50-MWegas turbine (GT) units, and the fifth is an 68-MWe steam cycle unit. The entire arrangement is known as combined cycle 4-on-1 where the exhaust from the 4 GT's creates steam via Heat Recovery Steam Generators (HRSGs) to power a single steam turbine.
Fuel supply.
Seventy percent of subbituminous coal used by the plant was delivered by truck from the nearby Centralia Coal Mine, which was a strip mine and the largest coal mine in the state of Washington, until it closed down on November 27, 2006. Currently, the coal is delivered by rail from Montana and Wyoming. Recent rail upgrades to the Centralia Power Plant, and SO2 scrubber upgrades to ensure plant releases less pollution, will ensure the plant runs for at least another 15-20 years. Centralia currently burns nine 110 car coal trains a week.
Environmental and public impacts.
Annually, this coal plant emits 350 pounds of mercury pollution, making it the state's largest single source of mercury pollution. Mercury pollution is a bio cumulative neuro-toxin which causes brain damage in humans and is especially dangerous for children and pregnant or nursing mothers. 
All of the mining area is currently being reclaimed. When TransAlta bought the plant in 2000, it agreed to reduce emissions. It installed US $200 million worth of scrubbers on the plant, which were purchased from ABB Environmental Systems. Between 2010 and 2012 the Centralia Power Plant has been offline for an average of 4 months of each year. In March 2009, a proposed agreement between TransAlta and the Washington Department of Ecology was announced, regarding a significant step forward in improving air quality in Washington State. Key to the agreement is TransAlta’s willingness to voluntarily reduce mercury emissions by at least 50 percent by 2012 to address air quality concerns in the region. Capture testing took place in 2009 and an activated injection product was selected. The process will cost US$20 to $30 million over the next several years. Additionally, continuous emissions monitoring systems (CEMS) for mercury measurement was certified by the Energy & Environmental Research Center (EERC). Currently, neither Washington State nor the U.S. federal government has regulations in place for mercury emission reductions. As part of the same agreement between TransAlta and the Washington Department of Ecology, TransAlta agreed to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxide (NOx) by 20 percent beginning in 2009. This is two to five years earlier than TransAlta would have been required to reduce NOx emissions if an agreement had not been reached with the Department of Ecology. In 2012, Selective Non Catalytic Reduction (SNCR) system was installed to further reduce NOx at a cost of almost $20M. It is in the commissioning and testing phase through 2014. owner of Centralia plant and Washington State Ecology.
Contractors for the power plant.
The design and construction of the new plant were by Stone & Webster and ABB Environmental Systems. 
Ownership.
From the early 1970s until 2000, the plant was owned by eight utilities: PacifiCorp (47.5%), Avista Energy (15%), Seattle City Light (8%), Snohomish County PUD (8%), Tacoma Power (8%), Puget Sound Energy (7%), Grays Harbor County PUD (4%), and Portland General Electric (2.5%). 
Plans to sell the plant began in 1998. In 2000, Portland General Electric sold its 2.5 percent share to Avista Energy, shortly before the plant was sold in its entirety to TransAlta Corporation for $554 million that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20097316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097316" title="Shut Out (horse)">
Shut Out (horse)

Shut Out (foaled in Kentucky in 1939), was an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Hall of Famer Equipoise, the multiple stakes winning champion his fans called "The Chocolate Soldier." Shut Out was bred by the Greentree Stable in Lexington, Kentucky owned by Mrs. Payne Whitney (Helen Hay Whitney) who had also bred his dam, Goose Egg, by the French stallion, Chicle.
The year Shut Out was born Greentree Stables also produced Devil Diver who would eclipse Shut Out in fame and achievements, yet it was Shut Out who won both the 1942 Kentucky Derby and the Belmont Stakes under jockey Wayne D. Wright. 
Devil Diver beat Shut Out in the 1941 Hopeful Stakes for 2-year-olds. But Shut Out proved the better three-year-old. Hall of Fame conditioner John Gaver, training for Greentree Stables, gave Eddie Arcaro his choice of Kentucky Derby mount: Devil Diver or Shut Out. Arcaro chose Devil Diver. Arcaro and his choice came in sixth. Arcaro switched mounts for the Belmont Stakes, riding Shut Out to victory.
Shut Out's real rival that year was Alsab who had been the U.S. Champion Two-Year-Old Colt. Alsab also took 1942's three-year-old honors. Yet Shut Out had come close to winning the 1942 Triple Crown, only losing the Preakness Stakes to Alsab by a small margin, finishing 5th after a troubled trip. He'd also won the prestigious Travers Stakes, again under Arcaro. Shut Out held a 3 to 2 margin over Alsab when Alsab finished 4th in his career finale, where Shut Out was third in an overnight handicap in 1944.
Shut Out died in 1964 after a respectable career at stud siring a number of stakes winners for Greentree such as One Hitter.

</doc>
<doc id="20097331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097331" title="John Robert Hollond">
John Robert Hollond

John Robert Hollond (2 November 1843 – 19 October 1912) was a British Liberal Party and Liberal Unionist politician and father of the army officer Spencer Edmund Hollond.
He was the second son of Rev. Edmund Hollond, of Benhall Lodge, Saxmundham, Suffolk by his first wife Isabella "née" Robinson and was educated at Harrow School. He entered Trinity College, Cambridge in 1862 and was President of the Union in 1865. He received a bachelor's degree in 1865, receiving a second class in the Classical Tripos. He subsequently obtained a master's degree.
He was then admitted at the Inner Temple on 12 November 1864 and called to the Bar on 10 June 1870. He never practised law, however. On 17 August 1870 he married Fanny Eliza Keats, and the couple had six children. 
By 1879 Hollond was chairman of the Paddington Board of Guardians, although he was resident in the coastal resort of Brighton. In that year he was selected by the Liberal Party along with William Thackeray Marriott to contest the two seat parliamentary constituency of Brighton. At the general election in April 1880 the two Liberals topped the poll, unseating the sitting Conservative members of parliament. In 1884 Marriot resigned his seat to be re-elected as a Conservative, and at the general election of 1885 Hollond lost his seat to David Smith of the Conservative Party. Following a split in the Liberals over Irish Home Rule, Hollond became a Liberal Unionist, standing unsuccessfully at East Perthshire. By 1889 he was president of the Marylebone Liberal Unionist Association. He was a Deputy Lieutenant for London and Justice of the Peace for Devon, Somerset and Middlesex. During this time he lived at Stanmore Hall, Middlesex, and "Wonham", Bampton, Devon, inheriting the latter from his aunt Mrs Robert Hollond in 1884.
He died at his London residence, 41 Prince's Gate, Westminster, in October 1912 aged 70. He was buried at Stanmore.

</doc>
<doc id="20097334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097334" title="Praia da Granja">
Praia da Granja

Praia da Granja is located in the Northwest of Portugal, and belongs to the Vila Nova de Gaia municipality, Porto District.
This place is also located in the town of São Félix da Marinha . 
Name origin.
The word Granja means Farm. The geographical location of Granja came from a Bishop Farm situated there in 1758. It belonged at that time to the "Crúzios" Monks and Priests.
They used it on hot days as a place to rest and introspect.
Portuguese Poetess Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen, who was from Porto, spent the summertime there with her family in their beach house mansion by the sea.
The city of Espinho can be found to the south, while the cities of Porto and Gaia can be found to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20097354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097354" title="Dar El Tarbiah School">
Dar El Tarbiah School

Dar El Tarbiah School (In Arabic مدرسة دار التربية) is an Egyptian educational institution founded in 1958 by Dr. Nawal El Degwi. Dar El Tarbiah was the first English-language instruction medium institution founded by Egyptians. It provides education in the Kindergarten and Grades 1 to 12 (In the Kindergarten and Grades 1 to 6 ,the school is named 'Baby Home School') The institution currently includes seven schools in Cairo and is one of the first educational institutions in Egypt. It has national, international, American and I.G.C.S.E. (British) sections.
I.G.C.S.E. (British) section.
Agouza & Zamalek.
Dar elTarbiah I.G.C.S.E. was established in 1990 with grades 10 to 12 . In 2007 ,Pre-IGCSE(usually shortened to Pre-IG ) classes were opened for admission. This aims to prepare students in grades 7 to 9 to the I.G.C.S.E. Pre-IG proved to be successful and number of classes of grades 7 to 10 were increased from 2 to 4 for each grade. Mrs. Nazek Hosny was the school principal from 1990 until her death in 2009. The new principal , Mrs. Evelyn , changed the color of the school shirt from dirty green to blue and applied various improvements in the school .
Branches.
National:
International:
I.G.C.S.E.(British):
American:

</doc>
<doc id="20097358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097358" title="Auchterarder railway station">
Auchterarder railway station

Auchterarder railway station served the village of Auchterarder near Gleneagles in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Central Railway, then by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20097359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097359" title="Jan Heller Levi">
Jan Heller Levi

Jan Heller Levi (born 1954, New York City) is a poet who teaches at CUNY Hunter College’s MFA Program in Creative Writing.
Life.
She grew up in Baltimore, Maryland. Levi is the recipient of the Walt Whitman Award of the Academy of American Poets for her first book, "Once I Gazed at You in Wonder". She has also received two awards form the Poetry Society of America, the George Bogin Memorial Award, and the Writer Magazine/Emily Dickinson Award.
Prior to teaching at Hunter College, Levi also taught at Sarah Lawrence College and the Unterberg Poetry Center of the 92nd Street Y in New York City. She is married to the Swiss novelist and playwright, Christoph Keller, and the couple divide their time between New York City and St. Gallen, Switzerland.
In a review of "Once I Gazed at You in Wonder", poet Alice Fulton writes, 
“Jan Heller Levi's work countervails the implications of this curmudgeonly koan with passional, self-critical intelligence. Ardent yet free of gush, the spontaneity and conversational ease of her poems assure that the quality of wonder, like that of mercy, is not strained. In addition to unguardedness and heart, there is backtalk—bite and edge, lip and lash.”

</doc>
<doc id="20097367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097367" title="Donna Masini">
Donna Masini

Donna Masini is a poet and novelist who was born in Brooklyn and lives in New York City.
Life.
She graduated from Hunter College and New York University. Her work frequently deals with urban life and the working-class. Her first book of poems, "That Kind of Danger", received the Barnard Women Poet’s Prize, chosen by Mona Van Duyn. In addition, she has received a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship and the New York Foundation for the Arts Grant. 
Masini’s work has appeared in "American Poetry Review", "TriQuarterly", "the Paris Review", "Ms.", "KGB Book of Poems", "Georgia Review", "Parnassus", "Boulevard", and "Lyric". 
Masini currently teaches poetry as a part of CUNY Hunter College’s MFA Program in Creative Writing. She has also taught at Columbia University and New York University
She married Judd Tully in 1986.
She lives in New York City.
She is currently working on a new novel of obsession, psychoanalysis and class.

</doc>
<doc id="20097378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097378" title="Manning Rare Woods Collection">
Manning Rare Woods Collection

The Manning Rare Woods Collection at the Rhode Island School of Design is a body of wood which contains boards of rare species, highly figured grain, or very large dimensions. The purpose of The Rare Wood Collection is to allow students and faculty of the Rhode Island School of Design the opportunity to utilize wood of outstanding beauty and value.
Robert B. Manning and R. Bowling Barnes donated the collection in 1974 to the Rhode Island school of Design. At the time of the donation it was the third largest collection of rare wood in the country. The kiln dried wood was the private mania of a cabinet worker and craftsman named Keyser. He was extremely proud of his lifelong hobby and rarely sold any of it unless it was to an artist. He boasted that he had over 115 different kinds of wood from all over the world and was “the only person anywhere in the United States who owned Madeira mahogany.” An eccentric, perhaps, Keyser would go into his warehouse on a Sunday morning and move about greeting each variety of wood with “How are you today?”. Attempts to secure the collection from Mr, Keyser for the Rhode Island School of Design were made several times before his death. The wood was sold by Mr. Keyser’s son to Mr. Manning and Mr. Barnes who in turn donated the entire collection to the College. Approximately 60,000 board feet of wood was loaded onto five 38 foot tractor trailers by twelve students and faculty and then subsequently unloaded by hand into the basement of the College Building where it presently rests. Tours of the Rare Woods Collection occur twice a year in the fall semester and during Wintersession.
Only outstanding designs that utilize the innate qualities of selected pieces of Rare Woods will be accepted. A design project, in order to be considered, would need to examine and explore the aesthetic and dimensional characteristics of each individual piece of wood selected. Wood is awarded to individuals only once during their lifetime. All design proposals must include information such as presentation drawings, working drawings, or models that communicate design ideas and construction methods. Lumber species and dimensions must be specified.
Proposals are to be presented to The Rare Woods Committee for review. A charge of 50% of the current retail value of the wood will be made for awarded material. Upon receipt for any proposals the Rare Woods Committee will meet and notify applicants of their proposal acceptance, rejection, or suggested modifications.
The Rare Woods Committee:
Chair: Seth Stem Committee Members: Michael Beresford, Peter Walker, Lothar Windels.
Past Recipients include:
Zeke Leonard MFA '08 [http://zekeleonard.com/artwork/296632_Slow_Slab_table_and_Benches.html]
Brendan Ravenhill MID '09[http://brendanravenhill.com/index.php?/furniture/rare-woods-table/]
Stephen Keith Szermer MID '10[http://www.behance.net/gallery/Keysers-Dream/594710]
Picture of the collection on the Biggest Little!

</doc>
<doc id="20097385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097385" title="Louise DeSalvo">
Louise DeSalvo

Louise A. DeSalvo (born 1942) is an American writer, editor, professor, and lecturer who currently lives in New Jersey. Much of her work focuses on Italian-American culture, though she is also a renowned Virginia Woolf scholar.
Life.
DeSalvo and her husband raised their children in Teaneck, New Jersey before moving to Montclair to be closer to their grandchildren.
She also teaches memoir writing as a part of CUNY Hunter College's MFA Program in Creative Writing.
DeSalvo's publications include the memoir, "Vertigo", which received the Gay Talese award and was also a finalist for Italy's Primo Acerbi prize for literature; "Crazy in the Kitchen: Food, Feuds, and Forgiveness in an Italian American Family", which was named a Booksense Book of the Year for 2004.
DeSalvo is also a renowned Virginia Woolf scholar. She has edited editions of Woolf's first novel "Melymbrosia", as well as "The Letters of Vita Sackville-West and Virginia Woolf", which documents the controversial lesbian affair between these two novelists. In addition, she has written two books on Woolf, "Virginia Woolf: The Impact of Childhood Sexual Abuse on Her Life and Work" and "Virginia Woolf's First Voyage: A Novel in the Making".
One of DeSalvo's most popular books is the writer's guide "Writing as a Way of Healing: How Telling Our Stories Transforms Our Lives".

</doc>
<doc id="20097401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097401" title="Somnio">
Somnio

Somnio is a marketing, advertising and public relations agency based in Austin, Texas. Founded in 2002 as "DVD Power Tools". Somnio specializes in web-based interactive sales and marketing tools such as mobile applications, live action and motion graphics videos, and infographics. The word "somnio" is Latin for "to dream".
History.
Founded as "DVD Power Tools" in 2002 by Harold Valderas and Garrett Goeters to create business presentation tools. In 2005, “DVD Power Tools” changed its name to Somnio Solutions Inc. With the introduction of Adobe Flash, Youtube and new HTML standards the company expanded its services to mobile applications, live action and motion graphic video, graphic design for business-to-business clients. They now define themselves as a full-service digital agency that creates sales and marketing tools for Fortune 500 companies.
Somnio predominantly works with high-tech Fortune 500 clients, including IBM, Dell, HP, and Cisco, but has recently branched out with new clients such as, Mary Kay Cosmetics and Emerson Electric Company.
In April 2013 Somnio relocated to a new headquarters near Lake Travis in Austin, Texas with space to fit up to 90 employees. The new facility is designed to support a connected, collaborate and creative work environment and features state-of-the-art lighting and media playback capabilities.
Somnio has made the Inc 5000 List of Fastest growing companies in America for 2012 and 2013. They were also on the Austin Business Journal Fast 50 list for 2012, and came in at number 12 on the list of largest advertising agencies in Austin, Texas for 2013. Somnio has experienced 171% growth over three years.
Logo.
Somnio’s logo is based on the Vesica Piscis, which is the intertwining of two circles. Vesica Piscis is a symbol made from two circles of the same radius, intersecting in such a way that the center of each circle lies on the circumference of the other. The Vesica Piscis has acquired many different meanings over the years; one being that it symbolizes the place where worlds overlap, another where the intersection of the two circles represents “the space where dreams are born.”
Awards and Accomplishments.
2004- Somnio was named Finalist for BiGAustin's BiG Idea Award.
2004- The United States Postal Service published Somnio’s patent US for “a method of producing an interactive presentation for DVD video player. US 2004/0071453 A1 
2006- Somnio was named First Runner-Up of Cisco's Growing with Technology Awards.
2008-Partner Excellence Award. Recognition of contribution to successful launch of Cisco’s ASR1000 router.
2010- Somnio co-developed myPlanNet for Cisco which has won BtoB magazine’s 2010 best social media marketing award.
2012- Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies in America
2012- Austin Business Journal Fast 50 
2013- 12th Largest Advertising Agency in Austin – Austin Business Journal 
2013- Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies in America 

</doc>
<doc id="20097403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097403" title="Frederick Gore">
Frederick Gore

Frederick John Pym Gore CBE RA (8 November 1913 – 31 August 2009), was a British painter.
Biography.
Gore was born into the world of art; his mother, Mary Joanna (Molly) Kerr, was a dancer from Edinburgh, and his father, Spencer Frederick Gore, a painter, President of the Camden Town Group until his early death in March 1914.
As a young man Gore’s ambition was to be a philosopher, but as a student at Trinity College, Oxford (following in the steps of his great uncle Bishop Charles Gore), he soon found that his real passion was for drawing and painting at the Ruskin School of Art which he attended almost daily.
Leaving Oxford, and arriving in London, Gore trained at the Slade under Henry Tonks and at the Westminster School of Art with Mark Gertler and Polunin from whom he learnt the flat-on-the-floor method of painting backdrops for the theatre: most useful later on when as an active member of the Balalaika Dance Group as dancer and organiser of events, he enhanced their productions with his professional expertise. He wrote a very successful folk ballet.
Pre-World War II, his career took off when a Greek patron saw his work and asked him to spend a year travelling and painting in Greece. Visits and extended sojourns to France followed, and an exhibition at Gallery Borghese in Paris in 1938 when Vauxelles called him the English fauve. Soon after, however, he was forced to leave and return to the UK.
During World War II, Gore was camouflage officer for the south-east and helped prepare the troops for the D-Day invasion.
In 1946, he began teaching at Saint Martin's School of Art, where he was Head of Painting from 1951 until 1979. In 1961 he was appointed Vice-Principal of Saint Martin's until he retired from the post in 1979. His students and colleagues there included many of the most accomplished artists of the twentieth century who continue to acknowledge the encouragement they received from Gore. 
Summer months for many years were spent painting outside: on the Greek islands of Paros (1950s) and later on Aegina. Then during the 1960s, the rich hinterland of Majorca, followed by the brilliantly-lit landscapes of Provence.
He exhibited at the Redfern Gallery until they took to abstract art, the Juster Gallery (NY), Fosse, Lavenham, Richmond Hill Gallery – always keeping his independence to exhibit wherever he so wanted.
Gore was a Trustee of the Imperial War Museum (1967–1984), and was Chairman of its Artistic Records Committee (1972–1986).
In 1972, Gore was elected as a Royal Academician, and from 1976–1987 he was Chairman of the Royal Academy of Arts Exhibitions Committee.
In 1980, Gore visited the US for the first time to deliver a dissertation at the Yale Center for British Art, Newhaven, Connecticut. Staying en route in New York he was so exhilarated by its exciting light and ambience that since then he has visited almost yearly. He has made an important contribution as a figurative painter with an enormous experience of paint, composition and colour to show the vitality of the US, when American artists had mostly turned to abstraction and were exploring painterly possibilities in a different direction. Gore was made CBE in 1987.
In 1991 he designed a series of posters for the London Transport Museum.
His last solo exhibition was at the Richmond Hill Gallery, London (January 2009). 
His published books include "Abstract Art", "Painting: Some Basic Principles" and "The Baptism, Piero della Francesca"; he is also the author of an unpublished translation of poems by Baudelaire.
Gore died age 95 on 31 August 2009. He is buried in Brompton Cemetery.
Personal life.
Gore had a son and two daughters. His wife Constance (Connie) survived him.
Gore enjoyed Russian dancing and was a prominent member of the Balalaika dance group for more than 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20097407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097407" title="Arere Anentia">
Arere Anentia

Arere Anentia (born 1931) is a retired long-distance runner from Kenya.
Anentia competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics, but failed to advance past 5000 metres heats. 
He won 3 miles at the 1958 AAA Championships
At the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, he finished third in the 6 miles race. By this result he became the first Kenyan athlete to win a medal at any intercontinental championships, together with Bartonjo Rotich, who won bronze medal over 440 Yards Hurdles. 
He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and finished 19th over 10000 metres and was to participate the marathon race, but did not start.

</doc>
<doc id="20097421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097421" title="Jun Ogawauchi">
Jun Ogawauchi

Jun Ogawauchi (born January 11, 1979), also known as JUN, is a Japanese professional wrestler and former Japanese professional wrestling ring announcer, working for the El Dorado promotion. Ogawauchi's greatest fame came as the fifth member of the Crazy MAX stable in Toryumon.
Career.
Jun Ogawauchi debuted as a member of the T2P project, a particular branch of the Toryumon system led by Último Dragón, wrestling his early career in Mexico. He began to make appearances in Toryumon Japan in 2002 alongside classmate Shuji Kondo, but Kondo was clearly considered to be of a higher rank to Ogawauchi. This would be a theme of Ogawauchi's career for many years, with him suffering in the shadow of his peers. He struggled through a few injuries once he came to Toryumon Japan on a permanent basis and also impressed on the last T2P show with his performance against T2P monster Toru Owashi.
Ogawauchi received his biggest break in 2003. Crazy MAX, arguably the greatest stable in Dragon System history, declared they were looking for a new member. However, fans were shocked when Takamichi Iwasa, who had been appealing to become the 5th member, was denied the spot, and the place was actually given to the rookie Ogawauchi on May 11, 2003, who was renamed to simply JUN. After a slow start where he struggled to gain acceptance, an impressive performance in the 2003 Rey de Parejas lead to an increase in his charisma and alterations in his ring style to fit in with his new team-mates. These alterations were rewarded when he defeated Shuji Condo for the British Commonwealth Jr. Title. He is the last person to date to have held that particular title, as the title was vacated on November 10, 2003 and has not been revived since. However, disaster struck in December when he suffered an injury during a match against "brother" YASSHI. Rumours also circulated that his injury had been worsened during a Crazy MAX trip to South Korea. This was bad news, as CIMA himself had declared that 2004 would be a renaissance year for Crazy MAX.
Ogawauchi retired from active professional wrestling in February 2004, tearfully citing herniated cervical vertebrae which were causing numbness in his left arm. His final match was a tag team match on February 26, 2004 alongside his Crazy MAX mentor CIMA in a loss to the Aagan Issou team of Shuji Kondo and "brother" YASSHI. Following the loss, Ogawauchi took the microphone and told his CMAX team-mates how much he loved them. Don Fujii then helped him to climb up the corner of the ring and pose for one last time, and CIMA carried him out on his back. In an interesting note, they never played the 10 bell salute for Ogawauchi, a custom for leaving wrestlers, suggesting there was a glimmer of hope for a return.
Ogawauchi resurfaced on July 19, 2005 on the debut show of the Dragondoor promotion, reuniting with several of his T2P classmates on the show, such as Toru Owashi, Shuji Kondo and Milano Collection AT. Still firmly retired, Ogawauchi worked as the ring announcer for the promotion. Jun was not the only T2P star to resurface for the promotion, as he was joined by Mototsugu Shimizu, Kinya Oyanagei and Venezia. In his dragondoor tenure he did suffer his fair share of abuse, often being the subject of the affections of the overly-flamboyant luchador Máximo. When dragondoor ended, Ogawauchi moved on to the El Dorado promotion, where he remains to this day. To fit with the Dorado theme, Ogawauchi has taken to dressing as a pirate for his ring announcing duties, donning a look reminiscent of Captain Jack Sparrow.
On October 20, 2009, Ogawauchi made a return to the ring after five years for Secret Base, a promotion started up by various members of El Dorado after it folded at the end of 2008. He teamed with Masa Takanashi against Kinya Oyanagei and Satoshi Kajiwara. Though Ogawauchi was pinned by Oyanagei, it marked the beginning of his return to full-time active wrestling. Ogawauchi continues to wrestle for Secret Base as a member of the promotion's home army, regularly teaming with Mototsugu Shimizu.

</doc>
<doc id="20097427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097427" title="Cheloor">
Cheloor

Cheloor is a place in Irinjalakuda municipality, Thrissur district in the Indian state of Kerala. It is around 1 km from the famous Koodalmanikyam Temple.
Cheloor is bordered by Edakulam on the south, Edathirinji on the west, Kanteshwaram on the north and Irinjalakuda town on the east.
Irinjalakuda and Moonupeedika are the nearest towns.
Irinjalakuda Municipal Bus Stand and Irinjalakuda KSRTC Bus Stand are the nearest bus stands. Irinjalakuda Railway Station at Kalletumkara is the nearest railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="20097429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097429" title="Wake TV">
Wake TV

Wake TV (stylised as WAKE TV) is a Student television station on the campus of Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. WAKE TV operates out of a studio located in Carswell Hall on the Reynolda Campus of Wake Forest University. WAKE TV is broadcast across campus on cable channel 6 and also on its main website, waketv6.com. All shows are produced by students.
WAKE TV News.
WAKE TV News is the flagship show of WAKE TV and a primary news source for the campus of Wake Forest University. The show is recorded once a week and broadcast daily. WAKE TV News is seen on channel 6 nightly at 6:00, and available anytime at the WAKE TV website.
Reynolda Film Festival.
Reynolda Film Festival was born in the creative hearts and minds of Wake Forest University students in the Fall of 2007. Members of WAKE TV, the university’s student-run television station, established the festival in an effort to revive the once-thriving film culture on campus. Four years later, the film festival has become a major arts events on campus and within North Carolina, with attendance to last year’s festival surpassing 2,500 people.
The mission of the Reynolda Film Festival has always been to entertain, inspire, and challenge people of all ages and backgrounds. The festival seeks to accomplish this goal by emphasizing two complementary tracks: its worldwide student film competition and its presentation of unique speakers, panels and workshops. All events are open to the public and, with very few exceptions, free of charge.
Special interviews.
WAKE TV spoke in-depth with various newsmakers and figurehead, such as Google Vice President of People Operations, Laszlo Bock, and WFU Men's Basketball Coach Dino Gaudio.

</doc>
<doc id="20097441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097441" title="Egypte Kids">
Egypte Kids

Egypte Kids is an educational video game, released in 2001 for Windows-based PCs. It was developed by EMG and published by Cryo Interactive.
The game is set in Heliopolis, a city located on the banks of the River Nile, in Ancient Egypt. The player solves mysteries to learn about subjects like life in Egypt and the Egyptian Gods. Dragoo, a mischievous young dragon, is the player's guide through the game. The game also includes an Ancient Egypt multimedia encyclopaedia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20097450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097450" title="Fukche">
Fukche

Fukche Advanced Landing Ground is one of the numerous Advanced Landing Grounds built in India during and after the 1962 Sino-Indian War.
Location.
It is located within 2.5 kilometers of the Line of Actual Control (LAC) between India and China in the Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India, at position 32° 56' 15 North 79° 12' 48 East.
History.
The airfield had been out of use after the 1962 Sino-Indian war.
It was reopened on 4 November 2008 by the Indian Airforce, when an AN-32 aircraft of the Indian Airforce successfully landed on the airfield.
Facilities.
The airfield is currently under refurbishment and currently has no equipment or facilities to accommodate large transport aircraft or fighter jets.

</doc>
<doc id="20097464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097464" title="LED art">
LED art

LED Art is form of light art constructed from light-emitting diodes. Many artists that use LEDs are guerrilla artists, incorporating LEDs to produce temporary pieces in public places. LEDs are very inexpensive to purchase and have become a new way to make street art. LEDs are, among others, used in installation art, sculptural pieces and interactive artworks.
Infamous LED Art.
In early 2007, there was a bomb scare in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States caused by a guerrilla marketing campaign. An advertising firm working for Turner Broadcasting System Inc. to promote Aqua Teen Hunger Force, one of the network's animated television shows, hired two artists to produce art for the ad campaign. The artists placed LED signs featuring a character known as a Mooninite in various locations across 10 cities. However, Boston was the only city that reacted by shutting down bridges and bringing in bomb squads to remove the LEDs. The majority of the light boards were removed and the artists were arrested.
LED throwies.
An LED throwie is a small LED attached to a coin battery and a rare earth magnet (usually with conductive epoxy or electrical tape), used for the purpose of creating non-destructive graffiti and light displays. Artists use them by throwing individual LEDs onto metallic objects, like public sculpture or road infrastructure. By throwing LEDs onto an object, the object itself acts as a canvas. LED throwies were invented in 2006 by the artists Evan Roth and James Powderly the founder of Graffiti Research Lab at Eyebeam Atelier open lab NYC. After Graffiti Research Lab posted the instructions how to make a throwie on Instructables LED throwies went viral on the Internet and could be found in advertising, were for sale as DIY kits or further developed by other artists and hackers worldwide.
Blinky.
Blinkies are small electronic devices that make very bright light (usually flashing) using LEDs and small batteries. They are often sold by vendors at night-time events that have fireworks displays such as Independence Day, Canada Day, or Guy Fawkes Night. They are also popular at raves, New Year's Eve parties and night time sporting events.
There is no industry standard or official name for blinkies, but most common names use some combination of the terms flash, magnet, strobe, body, blink, light, and/or jewelry. Common examples are blinkies, blinkees, body lights, blinky body lights, mMagnetic flashers, or flashing jewelry.
Uses.
Most often blinkies are used for amusement at raves, parties and night time events. But they can have other uses as well such as:
Construction.
Body.
A typical blinky is a small metal cylinder that has threads on one end and a very small etched circuit board on the other. The threaded end is open to accept small button cell batteries, and another cylinder that screws on to hold them in place. The circuit board can be round and inside the cylinder, or larger, shaped, and glued to the outside of the cylinder end. Common designs have a rubber gasket inside the front (between the batteries and circuit board). Tightening the base causes the gasket to flatten and allows the batteries to complete the circuit with the back of the circuit board.
Back.
The most common designs use a set of strong magnets, one at the back of the Body Light, and another that can be removed. This allows the body light to be easily attached to clothes, or stuck on any magnetic metal such as buttons or belt buckles. Clips are often used to make earrings, a loop can make a pendant, or a ring can be welded to the back to make a finger ring. Double sided adhesive pads are sometimes used to stick the blinky directly to the body, most often in the navel.
Circuit board.
The circuit board typically has anywhere from 2 to as many as 25 micro-LEDs. LEDs that emit different colors within the visible spectrum are commonly used, whereas ultraviolet or infrared LEDs are less common in Blinkies. Blue, white, violet, and ultra-violet LEDs often require 2 or more battery cells, due to their higher voltage requirements. The visible side of the etched circuit board can be constructed to flash in a variety of ways, especially where there are multiple LEDs in multiple colours. A clear plastic conformal coating material such as silicone, acrylic or epoxy protects the fragile LEDs on the exposed front of the board. Shaped boards have literally hundreds of variations combined with imprinting. Common shapes (besides the classic small circle) are stars, hearts, flowers, flags, animals, holiday symbols (like Halloween jack-o-lanterns), and sports team logos.

</doc>
<doc id="20097484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097484" title="Lower South West Football League">
Lower South West Football League

The Lower South West Football League is a country football league incorporating teams from towns located within the South West and Great Southern regions of Western Australia. The league was formed in 1959 from a merger of the Nelson Football Association and the Warren Football Association.
2012 ladder.
 
History.
The Lower South West Football League was formed when the Nelson Football Association and the Warren Football Association merged in 1959.
Clubs Participating in the Nelson FA were:
Clubs participating in the Warren FA were:
Since 1959 the LSWFL has lost two clubs, Greenbushes and Nannup, But have recently gained Kojonup from the Great Southern FL.
Club information.
Boyup Brook - Were originally known as the Boyup Brook Tigers wearing yellow and black, although changed their nickname to the Roos and their colours to Green and White in 1987. In 2012 they won their first league premiership as the Roos, and their second for the club having won in 1981 as the Tigers. Boyup has also won two reserves premierships in 1976 & 2004.
Bridgetown - The Bridgetown Rovers FC (Blue and Red) and Bridgetown Warriors FC (Maroon and Yellow) merged prior to the commencement of the LSWFL in 1959 to form the Bridgetown Bulldogs. The single Brigetown Football Club had existed since 1904 in the Nelson Football Association wearing blue and red until the club split in the 1930s into the two clubs, Rovers and Warriors.
Deanmill - Originally bearing the nickname of simply 'the mill', deanmill later adopted the Hawks mascot.
Kojonup - Moved to the LSWFL from the Great Southern FL in 2008, also changing their name and colours from the Kojonup Magpies, wearing black and white, due to Manjimup Imperials already possessing both the Mascot and Colours. Kojonup Originally came from the now defunct Central Great Southern FL before it was merged with the Southern Districts FL in 1990 to become the Great Southern FL.
Imperials -
Southerners - Originally Pemberton Warriors and Pemberton Jayes merged to become Pemberton FC. Prior to the commencement of the LSWFL in 1959 Pemberton FC and Northcliffe FC Merged to become Southerners FC.
Tigers - Prior to the commencement of the LSWFL in 1959, Fire Brigades FC and Jardee FC merged to become the Tigers FC

</doc>
<doc id="20097536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097536" title="APCOM">
APCOM

APCOM is an important press agencies in Italy.
Founded by the Italian journalist Lucia Annunziata in 2001, is based in Rome, Italy and has offices in Budapest, Brussels, Moscow and New York City. Since its foundation has an exclusive partnership with Associated Press for Italy and Switzerland and in 2008 has signed an agreement with RIA Novosti. Is an exclusive partner in Italy of MINDS International.
In 2003 was acquired by "Telecom Media News", a division of Telecom Italia Media and provide report and news for La7 and MTV Italy news programmes, teletext and websites.
On April 29, 2009 the Italian businessman Giancarlo Abete (through "Gruppo Abete") has acquired a majority stake (60%) in "Telecom Media News".

</doc>
<doc id="20097578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097578" title="Collection (Jason Becker album)">
Collection (Jason Becker album)

Collection is an album by Jason Becker released by Shrapnel Records on November 4, 2008. The album includes three new songs in addition to some older recordings. It includes many musicians and features guitarists such as Marty Friedman, Greg Howe, Joe Satriani, Michael Lee Firkins, Steve Vai, and Steve Hunter.
Collection.
This album contains a mixture of remastered songs from Becker's previous projects, as well as three new songs. Even though he can no longer move, he was still able to compose for the album. He explained his method in an HTML file included on the album disc.
""I used a music software program called LogicPro with a Mac computer and a synthesizer keyboard hooked up to it. My father had invented a very fast and effective communication system for me when I was losing my voice. It is a sign language that requires only eye movements and is faster than any computer. I would try to explain to my caregiver (usually my dad, mom, or my close friends) what to play on the keyboard. When they got fairly close, I would have them take me into LogicPro where I could edit every part of every note. After composing in this way I got together with my friend and co-producer, Dan Alvarez. We worked on arrangements and sounds to make it better. Then we got musician friends to add their talents to the mix.""
In addition to 13 tracks, the disc also includes bonus features that are playable on a computer. These features include demo versions of Becker's piece "End of the Beginning" recorded while he could still barely play, as well as a demo of Go Off! from Cacophony and a recording of Becker "noodling" on guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="20097586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097586" title="Online OS">
Online OS

The Online Operating System is a fully multi-lingual and free to use web desktop written in JavaScript using Ajax. It is a windows-based desktop environment with open source applications and system utilities developed upon the reBOX web application framework by iCUBE Network Solutions, an Austrian company located in Vienna.
About the project.
OOS.cc, which is short for Online Operating System, is a web application platform that mimics the look and feel of classic desktop operating systems such as Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X or KDE. It consists of various open source applications built upon the so-called reBOX web application framework.
As applications can be executed in an integrated and parallel way, the OOS can be considered a web operating system, web desktop or webtop. It provides basic services such as a GUI, a virtual file system, access control management and possibilities to develop and deploy applications online. As the Online Operating System is executed within a web browser, it is no real operating system but rather a portal to various web applications, offering a high usability and flexibility.
The project is partly funded by grants from the Internetprivatstiftung Austria (IPA). As at 01.08.2008 almost 20.000 users have joined the oos.cc community, using the offered featured and applications.
History.
The development of the web desktop was started by iCUBE Network Solutions in 2005, followed by the first beta releases in 2006. Hence, together with YouOS and eyeOS, it can be considered to be one of the first publicly available systems of its kind. The first full version including core-level multi-language support, the file system and a basic set of applications was released to the public in March 2007 on the occasion of a national exhibition (ITnT Austria) and has left beta state half a year later in October 2007. The first release considered stable (1.0.0) was published in July 2007. The project itself and the contained applications have received several national innovation awards (see, 
) and have gained attention mainly due to the comprehensive approach taken (see,). 
OOS.cc started as a national project. The full platform including all offered applications are currently available in three languages (German, English as well as Spanish) and is receiving increasing coverage around the world (for examples see, or ). 
The current version is 1.3.01 from 01.08.2008.
Technical Overview.
The project is fully written in Javascript, exclusively using DHTML techniques to run in any web browser without any additional software installation needed. The system implements a modern kind of web application model, excessively using Ajax for communicating between client components and the Java server backend in an exclusively asynchronous manner. Aim is to offer users the unique interaction behavior following the desktop metaphor, which is the main idea of any web desktop.
Also typical for this sort of web application is the broadly use of Javascript-on-demand techniques, cutting the complete project source into pieces and loading them instantly when needed.
Based on this technical basis, reBOX is the framework library all applications in oos.cc are built of. It is a fully flexible and extensible API, including a GUI widget set, communication mechanisms and server services offering general and framework specific services. 
The Online Operating System itself consists of a basic framework, which is able to launch any JavaScript application using the reBOX library. 
The user interface is based on the behavior of the windows desktop with a start menu, a task bar and a desktop background. All applications are running in this environment. At server side, there are Java based web services running to serve the client processes and to provide data from the relational database in the backend. 
oos.cc also provides an integrated development environment called Developer Suite, which allows the community to build own applications for the desktop environment based on reBOX (see development section below).
License.
All applications available in oos.cc are open source under the European Union Public Licence (EUPL).
The reBOX development toolkit is free to use developing any applications for the webtop.
Features.
As mentioned above, all applications published on oos.cc are open source based on the EUPL, and can be "installed" or "deinstalled" to what-ever preferences the user has. 
Currently, and besides global services like the multi-language support or the global theme support, as well as some minor tools and games, oos.cc offers four major services that can be used completely free of charge. 
Next releases are planned to focus on an extensive security and privacy suite, dealing with challenges like anonymous communication (browsing as well as temporary mail-addresses) as well as offering encrypted password and file storage and connectivity services. Since it initial stable release, OOS.cc can be accessed using https to ensure secure communication.
Development.
One of the key focuses of the team was right from the beginning to offer a very flexible and comprehensive API, that can be used to develop not only custom applications within oos.cc, but also stand-alone web-applications or to integrate single components in existing web-sites. By decoupling the development from web-related "problems" using the reBOX API web-applications can be development in a similar fashion to any Java program: Elements can be positioned and can interact like in high-level object oriented programming languages, without taking care of divs, browser specific behavior or communication handling. The framework also offers multi-language and theme support for existing as well as newly created applications, allowing changing almost every aspect of the look and feel of the used components according to the preferences of its users. 
For taking advantage of this approach, one of the applications offered in the OOS is an integrated Development Suite, allowing directly writing and executing code and hence creating new programs within the boundaries of the Webtop. As all applications on oos.cc are released as open source, all existing programs are offered to be imported, reviewed or changed and then locally deployed. Following this idea, every user is free to submit changed or newly created applications to be included in the globally offered application set. The current release offers features like auto-completion and an outline-window.

</doc>
<doc id="20097593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097593" title="Lake Šakarvai">
Lake Šakarvai

Šakarvai Lake is in the Ignalina district of eastern Lithuania, Aukštaitija National Park, about southwest of Palūšė village. The lake connects with Lake Lūšiai and Lake Žeimenys. 

</doc>
<doc id="20097605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097605" title="Illinois Philharmonic Orchestra">
Illinois Philharmonic Orchestra

The Illinois Philharmonic Orchestra also known as IPO, is a 75-member orchestra led by David Danzmayr. It is the largest performing arts organization in the Chicago Southland, with administrative offices in Park Forest. It draws audiences from over 68 south and southwest suburbs including Chicago, Indiana and Michigan. From November through May, the Orchestra performs a five-concert Saturday Evening Symphonic Series featuring internationally acclaimed guest artists. In addition, the Orchestra performs two annual Pops Concerts in December and February. The Orchestra previously performed the concert series at the Center for Performing Arts at Governors State University. In 2008, the Orchestra moved the performance series to the newly opened Lincoln Way North High School in Frankfort Square. 
The Illinois Philharmonic Orchestra is a member of the American Symphony Orchestra League and the Chicago Southland Convention & Visitors Bureau. 

</doc>
<doc id="20097616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097616" title="1950 Richmond Trophy">
1950 Richmond Trophy

The 2nd Richmond Trophy was a non-championship Formula One race held at Goodwood Circuit, West Sussex, England. It was a short race of only 11 laps and was won by Reg Parnell in a Maserati 4CLT/48.
One driver, Gordon Watson, drove a Formula Two car. 

</doc>
<doc id="20097645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097645" title="Caliper Corporation">
Caliper Corporation

Caliper Corporation was founded in 1983 as a developer of mapping software and is headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts. 
Caliper develops geographic information systems (GIS) and transportation software. Caliper is also a consulting and R&D provider offering professional services in quantitative management consulting, transportation, and decision support systems development.
Caliper is the developer of the "TransCAD" transportation planning software, TransModeler traffic simulation software, and Maptitude GIS packages.
TransCAD.
"TransCAD" is software for transportation planning. In addition to the standard point, line, area, and image layers in a GIS map, TransCAD supports route system layers and has tools for creating, manipulating and displaying routes. TransCAD uses a network data structure to support routing and network optimization models. TransCAD includes trip generation, distribution, mode choice, and traffic assignment models that support transportation planning and travel demand forecasting. TransCAD has a set of dynamic segmentation and linear referencing tools for managing highway, rail, pipeline, and other networks.
Product history.
TransCAD was first released as a MS-DOS-based transportation GIS package in 1985. TransCAD 3.0, the first Microsoft Windows version, was released on May 28, 1996. TransCAD 4.8 was replaced by TransCAD 5.0, the current version, on January 2, 2008.
Web-based version.
"TransCAD for the Web" is a web-based version of TransCAD that uses application source code that can be edited using Javascript, HTML, and ASP.NET. Application templates (Mapplications) are used to create a web application or service. The default templates include Ajax applications and mashups that use Google Maps via the Google Map API. TransCAD for the Web was the first web-based GIS for Transportation (GIS-T), and remains the only transportation GIS with web development capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20097650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097650" title="Genesys (video game)">
Genesys (video game)

Genesys is an educational video game, released in 2000 for Windows-based PCs and Apple Macintoshes. It was developed by Cybele Productions and Wanadoo Edition.
The player is guided by Jeanne Moreau through Claude Richardet's game. The game allows the player to discover the key stages of the evolution of various human societies around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20097680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097680" title="Peptide T">
Peptide T

Peptide T is an HIV entry inhibitor discovered in 1986 by National Institutes of Health (NIH) researchers. Peptide T, and its modified analog Dala1-peptide T-amide (DAPTA), a drug in clinical trials, is a short peptide derived from the HIV envelope protein gp120 which blocks binding and infection of viral strains which use the CCR5 receptor to infect cells.
Peptide T has several positive effects related to HIV disease and Neuro-AIDS. A placebo-controlled, three site, 200+ patient NIH-funded clinical trial, which focused on neurocognitive improvements, was conducted between 1990 and 1995. The results showed that peptide T was not significantly different from placebo on the study primary end points. However, peptide T was associated with improved performance in the subgroup of patients with more severe cognitive impairment. 
A long-delayed analysis of antiviral effects from the 1996 NIH study showed peripheral viral load (combined plasma and serum) was significantly reduced in the DAPTA-treated group. An eleven person study for peptide T effects on cellular viral load showed reductions in the persistently infected monocyte reservoir to undetectable levels in most of the patients. Elimination of viral reservoirs, such as the monocytes, is an important treatment goal. DAPTA has been shown to substantially suppress brain inflammation and block proinflammatory cytokine signaling pathways in a small animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Popular culture.
Peptide T appears as an HIV/AIDS treatment in the 2013 film "Dallas Buyers Club".

</doc>
<doc id="20097695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097695" title="Mark G. Thomas">
Mark G. Thomas

Mark G. Thomas (born 5 June 1964 on Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, England) is a human evolutionary geneticist, Professor of Evolutionary Genetics at the Research Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment at University College London. He was formerly a researcher in the department of Biological Anthropology at the University of Cambridge.
Scientific career.
Thomas is notable for a number of scientific publications in the fields of human demographic and evolutionary history inference, molecular phylogenetics of extinct species using ancient DNA, Cultural evolutionary modelling, and molecular biology. In 1994 Thomas was one of the first people to read the DNA sequence of the extinct woolly mammoth and in 1998 he coauthored a paper providing genetic support to the claim of recent patrilineal common ancestry among the Jewish priestly caste known as Kohanim (singular "Kohen", "Cohen", or Kohane). Between 2000 and 2003 Thomas coauthored several other papers on the origins of various Jewish and Judaic groups, including the Lemba, otherwise known as the "Black Jews of Southern Africa". In 2002 Thomas coauthored a paper providing Y chromosome evidence for a very high Anglo-Saxon component of patrilineal ancestry in central England. This result proved unpalatable for many archaeologists and led to Thomas developing the "apartheid-like social structure" model to explain the discrepancy between archaeological and genetic estimates of the scale of Anglo-Saxon migration. 
Thomas has also worked extensively on the evolution of lactase persistence (see Lactose intolerance), the ability of some humans to produce the enzyme lactase throughout their adult life and thus to consume appreciable quantities of fresh milk without the discomforts of lactose malabsorption. In 2004 he led a study to show that most lactase persistent Africans did not have the same mutation causing it as Europeans. In 2007, in collaboration with Joachim Burger's group in Mainz, Germany, he showed that the genetic variant that causes lactase persistence in most Europeans (-13,910*T) was rare or absent in early farmers from central Europe. In 2009 Thomas led a computer simulation study indicating that lactase persistence started to co-evolve with the culture of dairying in the LBK (Linearbandkeramik) culture.
In 2009 – in collaboration with Prof Stephen Shennan and Dr Adam Powell – Thomas published a study in the journal "Science" showing that population density and or migratory activity are likely to be a major determinants in the maintenance or loss of culturally inherited skills, and that this seemed to explain a number of curious features of the appearance of behavioural modernity in humans at different times in different parts of the world.
Personal life.
Thomas lives in Bedfordshire with his partner, Corinna, and has three daughters, Freya, Aurelia and Eve.

</doc>
<doc id="20097702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097702" title="Les Ballets Africains">
Les Ballets Africains

Les Ballets Africains is the national dance company of Guinea and is based in Conakry.
Although the name might suggest the idea of European "ballet" to English speakers, the focus of the company is actually to promote traditional African dance and culture.
History.
Founded in Paris in 1952 by Guinean choreographer Fodéba Keïta, Les Ballets Africains toured successfully for the next eight years.
After Guinea was granted its independence from France in 1958, Sekou Toure made the ballet the National Ensemble in 1960.
The group performed in the United States for the first time in 1959, with a run of 48 performances on Broadway, following a successful European tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20097706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097706" title="Lee Wilkof">
Lee Wilkof

Lee Wilkof (born June 25, 1951) is an American actor and veteran of the Broadway stage. He originated the roles of Sam Byck in "Assassins" and Seymour in "Little Shop of Horrors", later earning a Tony Award nomination for the 2000 revival of "Kiss Me, Kate". He appeared as The Wizard in the San Francisco production of "Wicked", a role in which he previously played on the First National Tour of the show.
Wilkof has appeared in numerous television series ("Ally McBeal", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Hart to Hart") and films ("Asylum Seekers", "The Grey Zone", "This Boy's Life"). He is featured in the 2009 film "Leaves of Grass", starring Edward Norton.
Wilkof currently plays the role of OJ Berman in "Breakfast at Tiffany's" on Broadway, at the Cort Theatre.
Wilkof lives in New York City with his wife, director Connie Grappo, and their daughter Perrie.
Early life.
Wilkof hails from Canton, Ohio, a town of approximately 80,000 and home to the Professional Football HOF. His father ran a steel service center. Lee was the middle child of Anne Louise and Darwin Wilkof. Brother Todd resides in Oakland California, brother Robert in Scotsdale. He graduated from the University of Cincinnati's prestigious College-Conservatory of Music in 1973, and also studied acting with Austin Pendleton in New York City.
Early career.
After graduating from UC, Wilkof wrote and starred in a comedy revue called "The Present Tense" for several weeks in New York City. Norman Lear was so impressed with Wilkof's performance that he brought him to Los Angeles in 1978. Wilkof took small film and television roles ("Hart to Hart", "The Entity"), but his big break came in 1982 with the leading role of a lifetime: "Little Shop of Horrors".
Theater.
Wilkof starred as Seymour in the original Off-Off-Broadway production of "Little Shop of Horrors", and also recorded the cast album. This was followed by a series of Broadway and Off-Broadway roles.
Film.
Wilkof's film career enabled him to work with some of the industry's best actors, including Leonardo DiCaprio ("This Boy's Life"), David Arquette ("The Grey Zone") and Edward Norton ("Leaves of Grass"). He also appeared in several successful independent films.
Television.
Wilkof's best-known television work includes "Ally McBeal" and "Law & Order". He played guest roles on "The West Wing", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Without a Trace", "Matlock", "What's Happening Now!!", "Doogie Howser, MD", "Scarecrow and Mrs. King" and "Newhart".
Recurring roles include:

</doc>
<doc id="20097715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097715" title="Christopher Green">
Christopher Green

Christopher Green may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20097722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097722" title="Flint Six &quot;55&quot; Four Door Brougham">
Flint Six &quot;55&quot; Four Door Brougham

The Flint Six “55” Four Door Brougham was manufactured by Flint Motors Division of Flint, Michigan.
Flint Six “55” Four Door Brougham specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Optional equipment.
The following was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:
References.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="20097799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097799" title="2008–09 UCI Oceania Tour">
2008–09 UCI Oceania Tour

The 2008–09 UCI Oceania Tour was the fifth season of the UCI Oceania Tour. The season began on 12 October 2008 with the Herald Sun Tour and ended on 15 February 2009 with the Oceania Cycling Championships.
The points leader, based on the cumulative results of previous races, wears the UCI Oceania Tour cycling jersey. Hayden Roulston of New Zealand was the defending champion of the 2007–08 UCI Oceania Tour. Peter McDonald of Australia was crowned as the 2008–09 UCI Oceania Tour champion.
Throughout the season, points are awarded to the top finishers of stages within stage races and the final general classification standings of each of the stages races and one-day events. The quality and complexity of a race also determines how many points are awarded to the top finishers, the higher the UCI rating of a race, the more points are awarded.
The UCI ratings from highest to lowest are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20097807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097807" title="Leila Daw">
Leila Daw

Leila Daw (born 1940) is an American installation artist and art professor; her work uses diverse materials to explore themes of cartography and feminism.
Life and work.
Leila Daw received her Masters of Fine Arts from Washington University School of Fine Arts in St Louis, Missouri and her Bachelor of Arts from Wellesley College in Wellesley, Massachusetts. She was a professor of art from 1974 through 1976 at Tusculum College, Maryville College, and Forest Park Community College, from 1976 through 1990 at Southern Illinois University, and from 1990 to 2002 at the Massachusetts College of Art. In 2002 she retired from teaching to become a full-time artist.
Daw's works include permanent installations at the Bradley International Airport and the New Haven Free Public Library; she has also participated in group exhibits at the Contemporary Arts Center and the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art. Daw was one of a group of artists who took part in the design of the St. Louis MetroLink light rail system, and she became a member of the MetroLink project management team. Her work "Red River" (1991) at Centenary College of Louisiana, a pattern of wildflowers in a public lawn, is imbued with symbolism of menstruation and menopause. Art by Daw originally commissioned for the Massachusetts Turnpike – a set of steel park benches painted to look like oversized folded paper maps – is on exhibit at the DeCordova Museum in Other works of Daw have been more ephemeral: her "Pre-Historic River Channel" (1981), for instance, used skywriting to map the course of the Mississippi River at an earlier age when it bypassed the current location of St. Louis. 
Over the years, Daw has incorporated a great diversity of materials into her work. As Joanna Frueh writes, "Since the early 1980s she has used acrylic, pencil, bronzing powders, metal leaf, Mylar, foil, and other mixed media on paper and canvas in order to create maps that replicate the terrain in regions where she has lived – St. Louis and Boston – and traveled, by car, plane, and imagination, such as the American desert West."

</doc>
<doc id="20097809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097809" title="Lake Alksnaitis">
Lake Alksnaitis

Lake Alksnaitis is a lake in the Ignalina district, eastern Lithuania. It is located in the Aukštaitija National Park, about northwest of Linkmenys village. The lake connects with Lake Alksnas, Lake Ūkojas and Lake Linkmenas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20097812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097812" title="Precor Incorporated">
Precor Incorporated

Precor is an American manufacturer of fitness equipment for home and commercial use. The company headquarters are located in Woodinville, Washington. Precor is a subsidiary of the Amer Sports corporation, the world's largest sports equipment company. Additional Amer brands include Wilson Sporting Goods Company, Atomic Skis, Suunto, Salomon Group, Arc'teryx and Mavic.
Company history.
In 1980, industrial designer David Smith founded Precor and launched the first ergonomically sound rowing machine. In 1985, Paul J. Byrne joined Precor as Vice President of Sales and Marketing. In 2000, he was named president.
Over the course of 28 years and under Byrne's leadership, Precor grew from a $20 million manufacturer of home rowing machines in the United States to a $350 million supplier of fitness equipment to health clubs, hotels, spas, physical fitness centers and private homes globally.
In May 2013, Byrne announced that after 28 years with Precor, including 13 as president, he would begin his retirement September 1, 2013. Precor Vice President EMEA and APAC Rob Barker will assume the presidency.
Products.
1980: Rowing Machine
1985: Bike
1990: Treadmill
1995: Elliptical
2007: Adaptive Motion Trainer (AMT)
2012: AMT with Open Stride
2012: Preva networked fitness
Precor licenses the StretchTrainer and began offering core equipment AbX and VCrunch as a result of the company's acquisition of Fitness Products International in 2004.
Product history.
Precor has developed a number of new categories of fitness equipment. The company launched the first ergonomically sound indoor rower machine in 1980. In 1990, the company created the first cushioned treadmill. Precor launched the first Elliptical Fitness Crosstrainer (EFX) in 1995 and in 2007, released the Adaptive Motion Trainer (AMT), a piece of cardiovascular equipment that adapts to an exerciser’s stride length and motion. AMT was enhanced with Open Stride in 2012.
In 2011, Precor launched the Experience Series line of cardio equipment with touchscreen console technology and network capability. The following year, Preva networked fitness was released, bringing Internet content and personalized workouts to exercisers (allowing users to track workouts and monitor progress) and management tools to operators. 
Preva is one of the first networked fitness solutions and operates in more than 1,000 commercial installations across 37 countries.
Social and environmental responsibility.
Precor has established a track record of progressive environmental stewardship and gained industry and government recognition for environmental and manufacturing best practices. The Precor record of continuous improvement to protect human health and the environment is evident in multiple honors earned over the past decade from local and state regulators.
For example, Precor pollution prevention objectives have allowed the company to attain a Zero Hazardous Waste Generator status as well as a No Exposure Certification. The company also received the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) CI Gold recognition by the U.S. Green Building Council for the design, construction, and operation of the office interiors in its manufacturing plant in Guilford County, North Carolina.
Precor and the community.
Precor has awarded nearly $1.5 million in support of various YMCA programs since the inception of the Precor Cares program in 2010. In partnership with YMCA of the USA (Y-USA), monetary sums are awarded to local YMCAs across the country to support the implementation of the YMCA’s Healthy Eating and Physical Activity (HEPA) standards.
The Precor Gives program was established in 2006 to provide employees with a way to support charitable organizations of their choice through company matching contributions. Currently, more than 70 organizations benefit as a result of Precor Gives.

</doc>
<doc id="20097828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097828" title="Steve Abana">
Steve Abana

Steve William Abana (born 1969 in Fourau, Malaita) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is currently Member of Parliament for Fataleka, and was the Leader of Her Majesty's Opposition from August 2010 to March 2011.
Abana studied at the Fiji College of Agriculture (FCA), where he obtained a Diploma in Tropical Agriculture. Before his political career, he was a teacher at the Honiara High School. He then entered business, exporting cocoa during the height of the ethnic tension. After being successful, he started Anolpha Enterprises and became the Managing Director.
His career in national politics began when he was elected MP for Fataleka, a constituency in his native Malaita Province, in the April 2006 general election. In October, he benefited from a reshuffle in Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare's Cabinet, and was appointed Minister for National Planning and Aid Coordination. In November 2007, Sogavare dismissed him from office, accusing him of seeking support to oust him from the premiership. The following month, the Sogavare government was toppled by a motion of no confidence, and Abana supported new Prime Minister Derek Sikua, who re-appointed him as Minister for National Planning and Aid Coordination.
As leader of the Democratic Party, Abana was a key member of Sikua's Coalition for National Unity and Rural Advancement government. Abana led the Democratic Party into the August 2010 general election, campaigning on a promise of "more recognition to tribal landowners by registering all tribal lands in the name of tribes"; "the implementation of a National Adaptation Plan to address Climate Change for the most vulnerable communities; a focus to improve the standard of living in villages consistent with the Millennium Development Goals"; a pledge "to ensure that 80 percent of energy in the country be produced from renewable resources"; and electoral reform to introduce preferential voting. The election was a comparative success for the Democrats: They obtained thirteen seats (out of fifty), whereas no other party obtained more than three, and Abana was re-elected MP for Fataleka.
Abana then stood for the premiership, against Danny Philip of the breakaway Reformed Democratic Party. Abana received the support of twenty-three MPs, but Philip was elected Prime Minister with the support of twenty-six. Abana became the formal Leader of the Opposition, and appointed the Shadow Cabinet.
He stepped down as Leader of the Opposition on 23 March 2011, stating briefly that the Opposition needed to "revive itself". Two weeks later, he joined the ranks of the government, bringing with him several other Opposition MPs.

</doc>
<doc id="20097838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097838" title="Friedrich Köhnlein">
Friedrich Köhnlein

Friedrich Köhnlein (Koehnlein) (12 December 1879 – 5 July 1916) was a German chess master and problemist.
He won at Düsseldorf 1908 (the 16th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A"). He also took 2nd at Munich 1904 ("Quadrangular", Rudolf Spielmann won), took 5th at Nuremberg 1906 (the 15th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A", won by Savielly Tartakower), won at Munich 1907, and tied for 11-14th at Hamburg 1910 (the 17th DSB Congress, Carl Schlechter won).
He died during World War I in the Battle of Somme.

</doc>
<doc id="20097859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097859" title="Saint-Cyprien-de-Napierville, Quebec">
Saint-Cyprien-de-Napierville, Quebec

Saint-Cyprien-de-Napierville is a municipality in Les Jardins-de-Napierville Regional County Municipality in Quebec, Canada, situated in the Montérégie administrative region. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1,869. It completely encircles the village of Napierville.
Demographics.
Language.
Mother tongue language (2006)
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20097867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097867" title="Leslie Boseto">
Leslie Boseto

Rev. Leslie Boseto (born April 17, 1933) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. First elected in 1997, he currently chairs the Special Select Committee on Immunities, Privileges and Powers of Parliament. He lives on the island of Choiseul.

</doc>
<doc id="20097892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097892" title="Peter Boyers">
Peter Boyers

Peter Boyers (born September 30, 1962) is a former member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents the Vona Vona constituency in Western Province. He lost his seat in the 2010 national election.

</doc>
<doc id="20097919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097919" title="Jack M. Lauzon">
Jack M. Lauzon

Jack M. Lauzon (born December 5, 1961) is a retired Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey whom "The Blood-Horse" magazine called "one of the most respected riders in Canada."
Lauzon began his professional riding career in 1981 and met with considerable success at Fort Erie Racetrack, Greenwood Raceway and Woodbine Racetrack and won races in the United States. He is a two-time winner of Canada's most prestigious, the Queen's Plate. He won his first Plate in 1988 aboard Regal Intention then the following year missed winning the race again when his horse was beaten by less than a nose. In 1994 he won his second Plate aboard Basqueian plus went on that year to win the third leg of the Canadian Triple Crown series, the Breeders' Stakes.
Accident and recovery.
In August 1996 Jack Lauzon was competing at the Macau Jockey Club near Hong Kong when he was involved in an a racing accident that most believed would end his career. He was paralysed from the chest down after fracturing three vertebrae and was within a hair of severing his spinal cord. After more than two and half years of painful rehabilitation therapy, he returned to racing in April 1999. In 2005, writer/broadcaster Peter Gross won a Sovereign Award for Outstanding Newspaper Article with the story of Lauzon's accident and recovery titled "The Amazing Story of Jack Lauzon" which appeared in "The Game" newspaper. 
Jack Lauzon retired in 2007 and became a jockey's agent. His contribution to the sport of Thoroughbred racing was honoured with the 2008 Avelino Gomez Memorial Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20097921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097921" title="Bernard Ghiro">
Bernard Ghiro

Bernard Ghiro (born August 28, 1960) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. First elected in 2001, he hails from Makira Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20097924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097924" title="Ludger Limited">
Ludger Limited

Ludger Ltd is a biotechnology company with R&D and manufacturing facilities at the Culham Science Centre, Oxford, UK. The company specialises in technology for the measurement and control of biopharmaceutical glycosylation.
The company was founded in 1999 by its chief executive, Dr Daryl Ludger Fernandes. Dr Fernandes had developed glycoprofiling technology for his doctorate in the Glycobiology Institute at the University of Oxford and in the late 1980s was responsible for transfer of that technology to Oxford GlycoSciences (OGS).
In 2000, the company won a UK Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) Smart award to develop biopharmaceutical glycoanalysis technology.; in 2001, it won a UK DTI Link grant for a collaborative R&D project to develop rapid glycoanalysis technology with GlaxoSmithKline and the University of Oxford.
The company's focus is to provide products, services for characterisation and quality control of biopharmaceutical glycosylation. Current products include kits and reagents for detailed analysis of N-linked and O-linked glycans by HPLC and mass spectrometry.
Current services include contract glycosylation analysis to support biopharmaceutical development and regulatory submissions to the US Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Agency, glycoprofiling method development, and training in biopharmaceutical glycoprofiling procedures. The key glycoprofiling modules include monosaccharide analysis, sialic acid analysis to determine relative levels of human vs non-human sialylation, oligosaccharide profiling, and detailed glycan structure analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20097939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097939" title="Seth Gukuna">
Seth Gukuna

Seth Gukuna (born August 21, 1961) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands, representing a constituency in Rennell and Bellona Province. Hon. Gukuna defeated Joses Tuhanuku in 2006. He won his second term in 2010 by a significant margin. 
His was educated in New Zealand and the University of the South Pacific, Fiji. 
He used to work for the Shell Company, SI. 
He also served as Solomon Islands Ambassador to Taiwan during the Ulufa'alu government. He was later recalled by the successive government.

</doc>
<doc id="20097967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097967" title="Francis Zama">
Francis Zama

Francis Zama (born July 3 1956) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands, and was elected to Parliament representing Tetepare on Rendova Island, South New Georgia on 5 December 2001 and was re-elected on 5 April 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="20097974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097974" title="Looking for Love (Karen Carpenter song)">
Looking for Love (Karen Carpenter song)

"Looking for Love" is a song released under Karen Carpenter's name, regarded as the first release by what was to become The Carpenters. The music was written by Karen's brother, Richard Carpenter. It was recorded in 1966 and released on record label Magic Lamp, a small label with a limited budget. Even though Richard Carpenter does participate on the recording, it is printed "Karen Carpenter" on the recording contract and record label.
The record has now become a collectors' item and is worth between $2,000 to $2,500 as only 500 copies of the 45rpm were printed. The single did not chart commercially and no music video was shot for the song (as promotional music videos were in their infancy as well). The song along with its B-side "I'll Be Yours" were later included on the 1991 4-CD box set "From the Top".

</doc>
<doc id="20097985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097985" title="Joe Lutz">
Joe Lutz

Rollin Joseph "Joe" Lutz (February 18, 1925 – October 20, 2008) was an American professional baseball player and coach, who was the first Caucasian to manage a team in Japanese professional baseball.
Life.
Lutz was born on February 18, 1925, in Keokuk, Iowa. Lutz was a high school baseball standout and signed a professional contract the St. Louis Browns in 1941. After the US became involved in World War II, Lutz enlisted in the United States Marine Corps after graduating from high school and served in the South Pacific theater.
Baseball career.
After returning from military service, Lutz was signed by the St. Louis Browns as an amateur free agent before the 1946 season. He played for minor league teams in Elmira, New York and San Antonio, Texas in the Brown's farm system, while earning bachelor's and master's degrees in science. His only major league experience was when he appeared with the Browns in the , playing first base and going 6-for-36 in 14 games, with one triple and 2 RBI in 14 games with the team for a .167 batting average. The Browns traded him on July 24, 1951 to the Brooklyn Dodgers together with Johnny Bero and cash in exchange for Ben Taylor.
Coach.
Following his major league career, Lutz coached high school baseball, football and basketball in Argyle, Iowa and Davenport, Iowa, where he led Davenport's baseball to a state championship, and was an athletic coach at Parsons College in Iowa.
Lutz became the head coach of the Southern Illinois University baseball team, leading the Salukis to the 1968 College World Series, in which they lost the final game 4-3 in nine innings to the University of Southern California Trojans, after finishing the regular season with a 34-12 record. Lutz was selected as the National Coach of the Year in 1968 by the American Association of College Coaches. The following season, Lutz led the #1 nationally-ranked Salukis to a 36-7 regular season record and the 1969 College World Series. Having played in the major leagues for Bill Veeck, Lutz adopted some of his flourishes, including female batgirls, giveaway contests for fans and skydivers landing on the pitching mound. Through the 1969 season, Lutz had coached the team to a 149-48 record (plus two ties) in four seasons as coach.
The Cleveland Indians named Lutz as their first-base coach in 1971, after he had been coordinator of its minor league teams. He was on the team's coaching staff in 1972 and 1973.
He was hired by the Hiroshima Carp in 1974 as a batting instructor. The following season, Lutz became the first foreigner to manage a team in Japanese professional baseball, when he was selected to manage the Carp. Hall of Fame pitcher Warren Spahn was hired to serve as the team's temporary pitching coach, after having worked together with Lutz on the Indian's coaching staff. As manager, Lutz had the team change the colors of its caps to red to represent the team's fighting spirit. Lutz left the team after 15 games due to an umpiring dispute, but the Carp went on to win its first-ever Central League championship under replacement manager Takeshi Koba.
Retirement.
Lutz had moved with his family to Sarasota, Florida in 1969 while he was part of the Cleveland Indians organization. He spent 12 years as the executive director of the Boys Club in Sarasota, until he left in 1988 following concerns regarding the financial management of the organization.
He died at age 83 on October 20, 2008, after years of declining health resulting from a stroke and diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20097989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097989" title="Economic repression">
Economic repression

Economic repression refers to various actions to restrain certain economical activities or social groups involved in economic activities. It contrasts with economic liberalization. Economists note widespread economic repression in developing countries.
The main goal of economic repression is protectionism, the instruments for which include fines and ceilings on interest rates or exchange rates.
A common type of economic repression against individuals is blacklisting.

</doc>
<doc id="20097993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097993" title="Journal of Statistical Computation and Simulation">
Journal of Statistical Computation and Simulation

Journal of Statistical Computation and Simulation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to computational statistics. It is published by Taylor & Francis in English.
The journal started publishing in 1972. It publishes 12 issues each year.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Journal of Statistical Computation and Simulation" is indexed in the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="20097994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20097994" title="Paul Brock">
Paul Brock

Paul Brock is an Irish button accordionist born in Athlone now residing in Ennis. In May 1989, Brock co-founded the group Moving Cloud with fiddle player, Joe Creo. In 2001 he co-founded the new group The Brock McGuire Band also with Manus McGuire. In 2004, Brock was voted Best Male Musician by the "Irish American News". His recent album "Humdinger" with fellow band member Enda Scahill was voted Irish Music Album of The Year by the "Irish Times" and has been released by Compass Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20098002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098002" title="Edward Huni'ehu">
Edward Huni'ehu

Edward Huni'ehu (born January 1, 1956; died April 12, 2010) was a Solomon Islands politician.
He graduated from the Solomon Islands College of Higher Education.
He was first elected to the National Parliament in a by-election in 1992 (following Sir Peter Kenilorea's resignation from Parliament), representing the East 'Are'are constituency in Malaita Province. He kept his seat in the general election in 1993, temporarily left politics in 1997, returned to Parliament in 2001, and was re-elected in 2006. 
He served as a minister in government on numerous occasions. He was Minister for Commerce during his first year in Parliament, under Prime Minister Solomon Mamaloni, then Minister for Transport, Works and Utilities throughout his first full term in Parliament (1993-1997), under Francis Billy Hilly then Solomon Mamaloni again. He then briefly became Leader of the Opposition to Mamaloni's government in 1997. At the end of that term, he "exitpolitics for a while to focus on personal plans", but returned for the 2001 election, during which he regained his temporarily vacated seat. After the 2001 election, he was appointed Minister for Agriculture and Livestock by new Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza, a position which he held from 19 December 2001 to 17 December 2002. On 21 April 2006, new Prime Minister Snyder Rini appointed him Minister for Education and Human Resources Development; he held the position until the Rini government resigned on 4 May. On 22 December 2007, new Prime Minister Derek Sikua appointed him MInister for Energy, Mines and Rural Electification, "in recognition of his efforts to ensure the development of alternative energy in Solomon Islands, especially in hydro and solar power for rural villages". He resigned due to ill health in 2009, and sat as a backbencher until his death. He was, at least during his final term, a member of the Association of Independent Members of Parliament.
He died on 12 April 2010 at the National Referral Hospital in Honiara "after a long battle with diabetes". He was buried "in his home village of Manawai" in his constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="20098014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098014" title="AT-T">
AT-T

Artilleriyskiy Tyagach Tyazholiy, or AT-T (, meaning "heavy artillery tractor") was a Soviet Cold War era artillery tractor.
Vehicles based on AT-T include:

</doc>
<doc id="20098019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098019" title="Sam Iduri">
Sam Iduri

Shemuel Sam Iduri (born in Boboilangi Village, Malaita) is a Solomon Islands politician.
After studying at teachers' colleges in Solomon Islands and in Western Australia, he worked as a secondary school principal, then as education officer.
His political career began when he was elected to Parliament as MP for West Kwara'ae, in the April 2006 general election. The following month, the newly installed government of Prime Minister Snyder Rini resigned in the face of public protests, and so as to avoid a motion of no confidence. Iduri supported Rini's successor to the premiership, Manasseh Sogavare, and was appointed Minister for National Unity, Reconciliation and Peace in Sogavare's Cabinet - thus becoming the Minister in charge of facilitating national reconciliation in the aftermath of the ethnic conflicts of the late 1990s and early 2000s. In November 2007, he defected to the Opposition, along with nine other ministers, in an attempt to unseat the Sogavare government. The attempt was ultimately successful, and Derek Sikua replaced Sogavare as Prime Minister in late December. Sikua restored Iduri to his Cabinet post as Minister for National Unity, Reconciliation and Peace.
In August 2008, Iduri introduced a Truth and Reconcilition Commission Bill, which led to the establishing in April 2009 of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
Iduri retained his seat in Parliament in the August 2010 general election, but not his position in Cabinet. He was succeeded as Minister for National Unity, Reconciliation and Peace by Hypolite Taremae, in Prime Minister Danny Philip's government. He was, however, appointed Shadow Minister for National Unity, Reconciliation and Peace in Opposition Leader Steve Abana's Shadow Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="20098058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098058" title="Toswel Kaua">
Toswel Kaua

Toswel Kaua (born 28 August 1947 in Lau, Malaita Province; died 15 November 2010 in Honiara) was a Solomon Islands politician, several times Cabinet minister, and Deputy Prime Minister from May to November 2007.
He studied first at the University of Sydney (Australia), where he obtained a Certificate in Administration, Management and Systems. He then obtained a Certificate in Teaching from the Solomon Islands Teachers College, followed by a Diploma in Education and a Post-Graduate Diploma in Education from the University of Newcastle upon Tyne (England). He completed his studies with a Post-Graduate Certificate in Teaching from Oxford University, and began a career in teaching and administration.
He taught at St. Nicholas primary school, in Solomon Islands, before becoming the school's headmaster. He then entered public administration as Assistant Education Officer for Selection and Guidance at the Ministry of Education. He went on to serve as Chief Administrative Officer for Regulation at the Ministry of Public Service, Assistant Secretary for Personnel to the Prime Minister's Office, Under-Secretary at the Public Service Division, Deputy Secretary to the Prime Minister and Cabinet, then Permanent Secretary to a number of Ministries, before becoming Secretary to the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
He began his political career when he was elected to Parliament as the member for Baegu/Asifola in the April 2006 general election. In May, Prime Minister Snyder Rini's government resigned in the face of public protest and under threat of a motion of no confidence, and Manasseh Sogavare ascended to the premiership. Sogavare appointed Kaua to Cabinet, as Minister for Mines and Energy. He subsequently appointed him Minister for Agriculture and Livestock, then Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Public Service. In November 2007, however, Kaua resigned from Cabinet and joined the Opposition. The following month, Sogavare's government was ousted in a vote of no confidence, and Kaua was appointed Minister for Justice and Legal Affairs by new Prime Minister Derek Sikua, a position which he held until August 2010.
He retained his seat in Parliament in the August 2010 general election, and served as a government backbencher for the remaining months of his life. On 15 November 2010, he died in hospital following a "long illness".

</doc>
<doc id="20098062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098062" title="Larry Silver">
Larry Silver

Larry Silver (born 1934) is an American born artist and was a member of the Photo League. The artist's work resides in various museum collections including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Brooklyn Museum, Boston Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Museum of Fine Arts, Yale University Art Gallery and George Eastman House. Silver's artwork has been exhibited in many solo and group exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20098064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098064" title="Michigan Evergreen Project">
Michigan Evergreen Project

The Michigan Evergreen Project is an Open Source shared catalog originally administered by the Michigan Library Consortium (now Midwest Collaborative for Library Services) and the Grand Rapids Public Library utilizing the Evergreen Open Source Integrated Library System.
Pilot libraries.
The pilot project began in December 2007 with seven pilot libraries: Branch District Library (Coldwater, MI), Grand Rapids Public Library (Grand Rapids, MI), Niles District Library (Niles, MI) and Traverse Area District Library (Traverse City, MI)

</doc>
<doc id="20098081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098081" title="Mark Kemakeza">
Mark Kemakeza

Mark Roboliu Kemakeza (born December 31, 1960) is a former member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represented Ngella constituency (Central Province). He is from Savo Island, which is in the Central Province.
In August 2010, newly elected Prime Minister Danny Philip appointed him Minister of Mines and Energy.
In April 2011, he was sacked as he faced charges for corruption and abuse of office, accused of having "misappropriated $764,000 of public funds allocated for fishing projects in his constituency". His sacking coincided with several members of the Opposition joining the government, and he was replaced as Minister for Mines and Energy by Moses Garu.
He remained a government backbencher until November 2011, when he joined a mass defection to the opposition, bringing down Philip's government.
In February 2012, he was convicted, by the Honiara Central Magistrates Court, on a charge of misappropriating government funds. He received a fourteen month gaol sentence, with magistrate Shafi Khan describing him as "very selfish" in addition to having committed a breach of trust. He thereby lost his seat in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20098103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098103" title="Matthew Wale">
Matthew Wale

Matthew Cooper Wale (born June 13, 1968) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands, and was elected to Parliament representing the Aoke Langa Langa Constituency on 27 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20098106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098106" title="The Chicagoan">
The Chicagoan

The Chicagoan was an American magazine modeled after the "New Yorker" published from June 1926 until April 1935. Focusing on the cultural life of the city of Chicago, each issue of the "Chicagoan" contained art, music, and drama reviews, profiles of personalities and institutions, commentaries on the local scene, and editorials, along with cartoons and original art. 
In an early issue, the "Chicagoan"'s editors claimed to represent "a cultural, civilized and vibrant" city "which needs make no obeisance to Park Avenue, Mayfair, or the Champs Elysees." Despite its lofty aims, the stalwart assertions of publisher Martin J. Quigley (who once wrote that "Whatever Chicago was and was to be, the "Chicagoan" must be and become"), and a circulation that sometimes rose above 20,000, the magazine was largely forgotten after its last issue.
Only two substantial collections remain, one at the University of Chicago's Regenstein Library and the other at the New York Public Library. Cultural historian Neil Harris has recently written a book on the subject, "The Chicagoan: A Lost History of the Jazz Age" (the University of Chicago Press).
Authors.
Marie Armstrong Hecht (1892-?). First editor of the "Chicagoan", a writer and literary critic. Married to journalist-author Ben Hecht from 1915 to 1925. Marie Hecht published several volumes of poetry in the 1920s and created or adapted some Broadway plays in the 1920s and 1930s. Under a later married name, Marie Essipoff, she produced a number of books in the 1950s emphasizing economical cooking with new techniques, including "Making the Most of Your Food Freezer".
Richard Atwater, "Riq" (1892–1948). Born in Chicago as Frederick Mund Atwater, he attended the University of Chicago, where he wrote for the student newspaper and later taught Classical Greek. He went on to work for various local newspapers, including the "Chicago Daily News", the "Chicago Tribune", and the "Herald-Examiner". With his wife, Florence Atwater, in 1938 he coauthored "Mr. Popper's Penguins", which won the Newbery Medal.
Artists.
E. Simms Campbell (1908–71). The first African American cartoonist with a national reputation, Campbell was born in St. Louis and graduated from Englewood High School in Chicago. He attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago between 1924 and 1926 and later he moved to New York, where he was employed as a cartoonist at the "Daily Mirror". He did important illustrations for some African American publications, like "Crisis and Opportunity", but was better known for his color cartoons in "Esquire". He would later work for a string of national advertisers and for "Playboy".
Albert Carreno (1905–64). This Mexican-born caricaturist and cartoonist portrayed stage and sports personalities for the "Chicagoan" in the late 1920s while working for the "Chicago Daily News". He then moved to New York and was employed by a series of publishers and comic-book producers including Fawcett, National, and Marvel.
Nat Karson (1908–54). Born in Switzerland, he attended Chicago public schools and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and increasingly concentrated his efforts on theatrical caricature. After he moved to New York, his theatrical designs and productions attracted wide attention; he created both sets and costumes with the Federal Theater Project and with Orson Welles.
A. Raymond Katz (1895–1974), aka Sandor. Born in Hungary, Katz attended both the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts. He created car cards, posters, and other commercial art before becoming the featured artist of the "Chicagoan".
Isadore Klein (1897–1986). Magazine cartoonist, animator, sketcher, painter, and story writer, Klein worked for the "New Yorker" as well as for the "Chicagoan" and was involved with a series of famous studios and celebrated cartoons, from Krazy Kat and Betty Boop to Popeye. He was widely credited with originating the idea for Mighty Mouse.
Boris Riedel (no dates available). Creator of the "Chicagoans first cover, Riedel served for a while as the magazine's art editor. He illustrated a book of poetry by Marie Hecht, a novel by J. V. Nicholson, and a children's book, "The Timid Giant", written by advertising executive Earle Ludgin. Riedel also created movie posters for films starring Clara Bow, Lon Chaney, Sr., and Adolphe Menjou and contributed to "The Linebook", a publication put out for WGN Radio, a Tribune Company outlet in Chicago.
Resurrection.
J.C. Gabel, former publisher of Stop Smiling, has acquired the rights to the magazine and plans to launch the restored magazine in September, 2011 as a biannual publication with weekly Website updates. Jessa Crispin has signed on as a contributor and fiction editor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20098108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098108" title="Clement Kengava">
Clement Kengava

Clement Kengava (born February 7, 1953) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency on the island of Choiseul, and has served as Minister for Rural Development and Indigenous Affairs and as Minister for Health and Medical Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20098119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098119" title="Super Lap (disambiguation)">
Super Lap (disambiguation)

Super Lap is a time attack race event held in Australia and New Zealand. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20098126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098126" title="Johnson Koli">
Johnson Koli

Johnson Koli (born November 13, 1953) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency on the island of Guadalcanal. He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Health and Medical Services in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Women, Youth, and Children.

</doc>
<doc id="20098147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098147" title="Daniel Enele Kwanairara">
Daniel Enele Kwanairara

Daniel Enele Kwanairara (born 25 March 1947; died 20 October 2012 in Auki, Malaita Province) was a Solomon Islands politician.
He began his career working as a teacher, then in the government's Forestry Department. He first entered the National Parliament of Solomon Islands when he was elected MP for the North Malaita constituency in the August 1997 general election. He lost his seat in the next election in 2001, but regained it in a by-election in December 2004 when sitting member (and Minister for Communications) Daniel Fa'afunua was disqualified from Parliament upon being convicted on a charge of extortion. Kwanairara retained his seat in the 2006 general election, but stood unsuccessfully in 2010, when he was defeated by Jimmy Lusibaea.
The official website of the National Parliament reports, somewhat confusingly, that he was twice a government minister between 1989 and 1993, which is technically impossible if he was not a Member of Parliament at that time. He was Minister for Agriculture and Livestock for April 2005 to April 2006, under Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza.
Daniel Kwanairara died on 20 October 2012, at the age of 65, in hospital in his home province of Malaita, "after a long illness".

</doc>
<doc id="20098153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098153" title="Ideological repression">
Ideological repression

Ideological repression refers to forceful activities against competing ideologies and philosophies.
Alan Wolfe defines ideological repression as "the attempt to manipulate people's consciousness so they accept the ruling ideology, and distrust and refuse to be moved by competing ideologies".
Among instruments of ideological repression are propaganda and censorship.
In the early days of the Soviet Union and in other countries, ideological repression was carried out by political repression of the carriers of competing ideologies.

</doc>
<doc id="20098163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098163" title="Northern Ireland Executive (1974)">
Northern Ireland Executive (1974)

After the Northern Ireland Assembly elections of 1973, negotiations between the pro-agreement parties on the formation of a "power-sharing Executive" began. The most contentious issues were internment, policing and the question of a "Council of Ireland".
On 21 November, agreement was reached on a voluntary coalition of pro-agreement parties, and the Executive took office on 1 January 1974. Prominent members of the executive included former Unionist Prime Minister Brian Faulkner as Chief Executive, then SDLP leader Gerry Fitt as Deputy Chief Executive, future Nobel Laureate and SDLP leader John Hume as Minister for Commerce and then leader of the Alliance Party Oliver Napier as Legal Minister and head of the Office of Law Reform. Again, the UUP was deeply divided; its Standing Committee voted to participate in the executive by a margin of only 132 to 105. Since the partition of Ireland, unionists had been opposed to sharing power with the nationalist minority, and the end of majoritarianism caused great strife in the UUP. After opposition from within the UUP and the Ulster Workers' Council strike, the executive and Assembly collapsed on 28 May 1974 when Brian Faulkner resigned as Chief Executive.
Chief Executive.
In January 1974 Brian Faulkner became Chief Executive in the power-sharing executive with the SDLP and the non-sectarian Alliance Party, a political alliance cemented at the Sunningdale Conference that year. After opposition from within the UUP and the Ulster Workers Council Strike, the executive and assembly collapsed on 28 May 1974 when Faulkner resigned as Chief Executive.

</doc>
<doc id="20098171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098171" title="Nollen Cornelius Leni">
Nollen Cornelius Leni

Nollen Cornelius Leni is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency on Guadalcanal, and currently serves as the Solomon Islands' Minster for Fisheries and Marine Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="20098181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098181" title="Japhet Waipora">
Japhet Waipora

Japhet Waipora (born June 24, 1943) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands, and was elected to Parliament representing Central Makira on 6 August 1997; he was re-elected on 5 April 2006 for the West Makira Constituency
In May 2013 he was convicted for having misused about SI$ 150,000 "that had been earmarked for his constituency in 2008 and 2009".

</doc>
<doc id="20098186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098186" title="Enda Scahill">
Enda Scahill

Enda Scahill is an Irish banjo player from Corofin, County Galway.
Enda is a four-time All-Ireland Champion and has performed with The Fureys, Frankie Gavin and The Chieftains. 
He is an ex-member of The Brock McGuire Band. In 2006 Enda released the album "Humdinger" with Paul Brock which was awarded 'Irish Music Album of The Year' by "The Irish Times" and has been released by Compass Records in Nashville, Tennessee. 
He is now part of the band We Banjo 3 with Martin Howley, David Howley and Fergal Scahill, whose album "Roots of the Banjo Tree" was awarded 'Traditional Album of The Year' by "The Irish Times".

</doc>
<doc id="20098199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098199" title="List of freshman class members of the 111th United States Congress">
List of freshman class members of the 111th United States Congress

The 111th United States Congress began on January 3, 2009. As of November 30, 2010, there were at least 21 new senators and 65 new representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="20098200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098200" title="Gordon Darcy Lilo">
Gordon Darcy Lilo

Gordon Darcy Lilo (born 28 August 1965) is a Solomon Islander politician who has served as Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands since 16 November 2011. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. 
Lilo represents a constituency which spans Gizo and the island of Kolombangara in Western Province. Lilo previously served as the Solomon Islands Minister of Finance and Treasury.
Biography.
Personal life.
Lilo is originally from the village of Ghatere on Kolombangara island. He earned a master's degree in development and administration from the Crawford School of Economics and Government at Australian National University.
Career.
Lilo worked as a permanent secretary for the Ministries of Finance and of the Environment before entering politics. He was elected to the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands in 2001.
In November 2011, Prime Minister Danny Philip fired Lilo, his Finance Minister, and Central Bank Governor Rick Hou, accusing both of undermining his government. Philip had been accused of misusing and misappropriating a $10 million national development fund, which had been allocated to the Solomon Islands from the government of Taiwan. In response to his sacking, Lilo told reporters, "No one undermined the prime minister, but he undermined himself by abusing his powers and the highest office in the country. He sacked us to create a vacuum to lure MPs from the opposition." Lilo further criticized Philips, "What he (Mr Philip) did was unbelievable, unacceptable and sickening."
Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands.
Prime Minister Danny Philip resigned on 11 November 2011, ahead of a vote of no confidence stemming from the allegations of the misuse of Taiwanese funds.
On 16 November 2011, Lilo was elected Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands, winning a majority of the 29 of the 49 eligible members of Parliament and defeating three other rivals for the office. Former Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare of East Choiseul received nine votes, MP for North Vella La Vella Milner Tozaka received nine votes, and MP for Gao/Bugotu Samuel Manetoali earned just two votes in parliament. Lilo was declared the winner by Governor General Sir Frank Kabui. Lilo took the oath of office before Kabui at approximately 5 p.m.
Lilo is a member of the National Coalition for Reform and Advancement (NCRA), the same party as his predecessor, Danny Philip. Lilo took over the leadership of the NCRA from Philips, which retains the Office of Prime Minister. Prime Minister Lilo completed his cabinet appointments by 23 November 2011, restoring almost all of ministers from the previous NCRA government to their posts. The only major change was Lilo's appointment of Rick Hou as the country's new finance minister. Lilo reappointed Manasseh Maelanga as deputy prime minister. Maelanga was also appointed Home Affairs Minister.
Lilo is a key supporter of the Regional Assistance Mission to Solomon Islands. Prime Minister Lilo pledged to refocus on the Solomon Islands' faltering coconut industry at the opening 48th Asian Pacific Coconut Committee (APCC) Ministerial meeting, which was held at the Mendana Hotel in Honiara on 28 November 2011.
Lilo's government (backed by the governments of Nauru, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Timor-Leste) introduced the motion which led to the United Nations General Assembly re-inscribing French Polynesia on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in May 2013. Lilo stated that he wished to see French Polynesia obtain self-determination regarding its future status. The day before the vote in the General Assembly, the Assembly of French Polynesia formally protested against the prospect of the country being re-added to the list. France denounced the Solomon Islands-introduced motion as "blatant interference a complete absence of respect for the democratic choice of [French Polynesians", who had just elected a government hostile to the prospect of independence.

</doc>
<doc id="20098224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098224" title="Varian Lonamei">
Varian Lonamei

Varian Lonamei (born May 10, 1962) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency from Isabel Province, and currently serves as the Minister for Aviation, Communication and Meteorology for the Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20098241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098241" title="Patrick Vahoe">
Patrick Vahoe

Patrick Vahoe (born March 11, 1970) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands, and was elected to the Parliament representing the Malaita Outer Islands Constituency on 5 April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20098259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098259" title="McCarthy Building (Troy, New York)">
McCarthy Building (Troy, New York)

The McCarthy Building is located on River Street on the west side of Monument Square in Troy, New York, United States. It was built in 1904, and remains in use as a commercial building. In 1970 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, along with the nearby Cannon Building. Since 1986 it has also been a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District.
It is five stories tall and three bays wide. The eastern (front) facade is done in terra cotta with details in iron and glass. The latter two materials are combined to create the building's most distinctive feature, the proscenium-style arched window across the bottom two stories.
The building was constructed in 1904 during an early 20th-century building boom in downtown Troy. It was almost demolished during urban renewal efforts in the late 1960s, but protests from residents and its listing on the Register helped to save it. In the 2000s, it became home to Light & Power Communications Ltd., a Capital District media company.

</doc>
<doc id="20098266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098266" title="Manasseh Maelanga">
Manasseh Maelanga

Manasseh Maelanga (born March 25, 1970) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency from Malaita Province.
In May 2009, he was named Minister for Provincial Government and Institutional Strengthening in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's government. Following the 2010 general election, he remained in Cabinet, under new Prime Minister Danny Philip, as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20098267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098267" title="Bold Venture Stakes">
Bold Venture Stakes

The Bold Venture Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Open to horses age three and older, it is contested during the second half of July on Polytrack synthetic dirt over a distance of six and a half furlongs. Currently the race offers a purse of $150,000.
Inaugurated in 1956 at the Fort Erie Racetrack, the race was named in honor of Bold Venture, winner of the 1936 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes.
The 2008 edition was won by Fatal Bullet who set a new track record time for the 6.5 furlong distance of 1:14.54.

</doc>
<doc id="20098283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098283" title="Sceloporus occidentalis longipes">
Sceloporus occidentalis longipes

Sceloporus occidentalis longipes is a subspecies of the western fence lizard, commonly called the Great Basin fence lizard. Several subspecies of the western fence lizard, a species of phrynosomatid lizard, are found in the far western part of North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20098291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098291" title="Martin Magga">
Martin Magga

Martin Magga (born November 11, 1953) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Lands, Housing and Survey in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Health and Medical Services. 
As Minister for Health, he announced that the government was implementing "a Sector Wide Approach (SWA) for the health sector": “The Sector Wide Approach brings together Government, donors and implementing partners under the leadership of Ministry of Health and Medical Services [...] in a more harmonised, integrated and coordinated effort to support the National Health Strategic Plan.” The "main objectives" of this approach were "to raise quality and accessibility of health services and improve financial sustainability and the management of the health system".
Magga had also served as Minister for Justice in 2007, and was Acting Minister for Agriculture and Livestock for a time in 2008.
In May 2009, mere days after his appointment as Health Minister, and while returning from the World Health Assembly in Geneva, Magga "suddenly developed medical problems". He was hospitalised in Australia. The media reported that he had undergone "urgent surgery" and that he was in "critical condition".
In June, he was "relieved of his ministerial duties on medical grounds" and replaced by Clay Forau Soalaoi. The "Solomon Star" reported Australian doctors as saying that Magga would "not be able to function as he previously did, either as minister or as member of parliament", due to "a series of complications during and after surgery". He remained on life support but reportedly showed "slight improvement".
He was, nonetheless, successfully returned to Parliament in the August 2010 general election, though he was not given a Cabinet position. He used a wheelchair from then on. In April 2012, it was reported that constituents had visited him twice to ask him to resign due to his health.
He lives in the Reef Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20098292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098292" title="Maggie Scott, Lady Scott">
Maggie Scott, Lady Scott

Margaret Elizabeth Scott, Lady Scott (born 1960 in Nairobi, Kenya) is a Scottish lawyer who was appointed a judge in 2012.
Legal career.
Scott was called to the bar in Scotland (the Faculty of Advocates) in 1991. She "took silk" (became a Queen's Counsel) in 2002. She has acted as lead counsel in a number of high-profile appeal cases such as the Lockerbie bombing and the Glasgow Ice Cream Wars, in which she defended Abdelbaset al-Megrahi and Thomas "TC" Campbell, respectively. She was also successful in the appeal case of Kim Galbraith, whose murder conviction for shooting her policeman husband was reduced to diminished responsibility.
Megrahi's second appeal.
On 6 November 2008, Scott applied to the Court of Criminal Appeal for Megrahi's release on bail pending the second appeal against his conviction at the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial in 2001. The three judges reserved their judgment on the application. A week later, Megrahi's bail application was refused. Megrahi was told he would remain in jail for the duration of his second appeal.
Judicial career.
On 2 November 2012, Scott was installed as a Senator of the College of Justice, taking the judicial title Lady Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="20098296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098296" title="Themba Maseko">
Themba Maseko

Themba James Maseko (born 27 January 1961) is the current CEO of the Government Communication and Information Systems and spokesperson for the government of South Africa. He was appointed to the position on 14 June 2006 by then-Minister in the Presidency Essop Pahad, succeeding Joel Netshitenzhe.
Political career.
Maseko had initially served as an MP in the National Assembly from 1994 to 1995, and then served as superintendent general of the Gauteng Department of Education from 1995-2000. He then worked as MD of the Damelin Education Group and CEO of Sifikile Investments during 2001 and 2002, followed by a term as director general of the Department of Public Works from February 2003 until his appointment as GCIS CEO.
Board memberships.
Outside of government, Maseko has served on the boards of the Adopt a School Foundation, the Centre for Public Service Innovation and the Vista University Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20098306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098306" title="Samuel Manetoali">
Samuel Manetoali

Samuel Manetoali (born January 24, 1969) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency from Isabel Province. He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Police, National Security and Correctional Services in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Lands, Survey, and Housing. Following the 2010 general election, he remained in Cabinet, under new Prime Minister Danny Philip, as Minister for Tourism and Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20098308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098308" title="Siriako Usa">
Siriako Usa

Siriako Usa (born August 21, 1959) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands representing the North West Guadalcanal Constituency. He was first elected on 5 December 2001 and was re-elected on 5 April 2006. He served as Minister for Lands and Survey in the Kemakeza government (2001-06) and then as Minister for Mines and Minerals in the Sogavare government (2006-07). 

</doc>
<doc id="20098309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098309" title="Star Two Door Sedan">
Star Two Door Sedan

The Star Two Door Sedan was manufactured by the Star division of Durant Motors.
Star Two Door Sedan specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Closed cars have the following standard:
Optional equipment.
The following was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:
References.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="20098313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098313" title="Bhanda Peeraan">
Bhanda Peeraan

Banda Piran(Urdu: بانذه بيران) is a village and a part of InayatAbad Union Council (an administrative subdivison) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province (formerly known as the North-West Frontier Province) of Pakistan.
Name and meaning.
Banda Piran, also known as Peran Da Bandha in Hindku language and Peer Keeley in Pushto, which means "The Land of Saints", where "banda" means "land" and "piran" means "saints", "peer" means saint and "kalay" means village.
Historians and native people of this area say that Muslim Saints used to live in this area in the beginning of 15th century.
Population.
It has a total population of more than 18,000. The major families in this area are as follows:
Language.
The majority of the people living in this village and surrounding areas speak Hindku, with good understanding and speech of Pushto language as well as it is the mother tongue of Swati.
Agriculture.
The people of Banda Piran are mostly farmers and rely on agriculture as the best profession in that area. This area is blessed by natural beauty.
Muslims.
All the people living in Banda Piran are Muslims and thus there is a lot of religious influence in this area.
Importance.
This village is considered to be the major passage of almost 10 union councils to Hazara University Dhodial, including other villages of InayatAbad, Trangi Sabir Shah. Lies East to Dhodial town and South East to Baffa town. it also touches the Hazara university on the northern side.
River Siran.
Just after leaving the Siran Valley, enters the Pakkhal valley by touching Banda Piran. The river Siran flows from north to south of the village where mostly farmers use its water for agricultural purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20098318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098318" title="Nelson Ne'e">
Nelson Ne'e

Nelson Ne'e (February 2, 1954 – c. March 13, 2013) was a Solomon Islands politician.
Ne'e was born in Ambu, Malaita Province. After studying at the Institute of Administration in Sydney and at the National Institute of Public Administration in Malaysia, he worked in administration for the Solomon Islands Electricity Authority, eventually becoming its Deputy General Manager, before going into politics. He first entered the National Parliament when he was elected MP for the Central Honiara constituency in the country's capital in the April 2006 general election. He sat as an independent. 
In May 2006, following riots which forced Prime Minister Snyder Rini to resign, new Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare appointed Ne'e as Minister for Tourism and Culture. At the time of his appointment, Ne'e had recently been arrested, by "Australian and local police" acting within the Regional Assistance Mission to Solomon Islands (RAMSI), whereby Australia and other Pacific countries provided essential services to the country after the inter-ethnic violence from 1999 to 2003. He was charged with having participated in the earlier riots which had led to the fall of the Rini government. He was released after several months, reportedly on medical grounds, but did not retain his position in government after June; Sogavare "was forced to replace after a backlash from local church and community leaders, as well as foreign aid donors". Ne'e remained in gaol during the entirety of his hypothetical time as government minister. The charges were eventually dropped, for lack of evidence. A Cabinet leak, however, alleged that Sogavare had exerted influence to have the charged against Ne'e called off. In 2011, Ne'e sued for malicious prosecution, alleging that the charges against him had been politically motivated, instigated by Australian police due to his "anti-RAMSI views". His case was delayed when his barrister was convicted of criminal conversion. The case was ongoing as of early 2012; there is no accessible record of it having ultimately been decided.
On 5 December 2007, Sogavare appointed Ne'e as Minister for Home Affairs. The appointment was short-lived; the Sogavare government was brought down by a motion of no confidence on 20 December.
Ne'e was a single term MP, and did not retain his seat in the August 2010 general election. 
Ne'e died circa March 13, 2013, at the age of 59, "after suffering a long illness".

</doc>
<doc id="20098320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098320" title="En rachâchant">
En rachâchant

En rachâchant is a 1982 short French film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub.

</doc>
<doc id="20098326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098326" title="Everybody Comes to Rick's">
Everybody Comes to Rick's

"Everybody Comes to Rick's" is an American play that was bought unproduced by Warner Brothers for a record figure of $20,000. It was adapted for the movie "Casablanca" (1942), starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. Written by Americans Murray Burnett and Joan Alison in 1940, prior to the United States' entry into World War II, the play was anti-Nazi and pro-French Resistance. The film became an American classic, highly successful and ranked by many as the greatest film ever made.
Feeling they had not received full recognition for their contributions, Burnett and Alison tried to regain control of the property, but the New York Court of Appeals ruled in 1986 that they had signed away their rights in their agreement with Warner Brothers. Under their threat not to renew the agreement when the copyright reverted to them, the film company paid them each $100,000 and the right to produce the original play. It was produced in 1991 at the Whitehall Theatre in London, where it ran for six weeks.
Origin.
In the summer of 1938, while on vacation from his job as English teacher at a vocational school, Murray and his wife Frances traveled to Vienna to help Jewish relatives smuggle money out of the country, occupied by the Nazis since March of that year. Later, the couple visited a small town in the south of France, where they went to a nightclub overlooking the Mediterranean Sea. A black pianist played jazz for a crowd of French, Nazis, and refugees. 
Burnett returned to the USA via UK, staying a few weeks in Bournemouth; there he started to make notes for his anti-Nazi play. In the summer of 1940, the 27-year-old teacher completed the play in six weeks with the collaboration of Joan Alison. They featured Rick, an American bar owner of the "Cafe Americain" in Casablanca, Morocco, whose European exiles and refugees frequent the cafe. Eventually, Rick helps an idealistic Czech resistance fighter escape with the woman Rick loves. 
Soon after, Carly Wharton and Martin Gabel took an option to produce the play. But there was resistance to the idea that Lois "had slept with Rick in Casablanca in order to get the letters of transit."
"Casablanca".
When Burnett and Alison failed to find a Broadway producer, they sold the play to Warner Brothers for $20,000, considered a record for an unproduced play, especially by two unknown writers. A story analyst had read it in manuscript in New York, and recommended it for “sophisticated hokum.” 
Warner Brothers gave the script for adaptation first to screenwriter Casey Robinson, who worked on the romantic pairing of Rick and Ilse; twin-brother screenwriters Julius and Philip Epstein, who worked on the overall structure and dialogue; and screenwriter Howard Koch, who worked on the politics. Only Koch was with the project during filming, when he continued to write new dialogue and scenes. The title was changed to "Casablanca". 
The inclusion of "As Time Goes By" came from Burnett and Alison's play. The song, from 1931, had been Burnett's favorite when he was a student at Cornell. "As Time Goes By," written by Herman Hupfeld, was first performed by Frances Williams in the musical comedy "Everybody's Welcome," which played on Broadway from October 1931 to February 1932. 
Character comparison in Play v. Film
Recognition.
The film's opening credits say 'Screen Play by...From a Play by Murray Burnett and Joan Alison". After the success of "Casablanca", Warner Brothers and the credited screenwriters downplayed the significance of the play in relation to the movie. Koch and the Epsteins received an Academy Award for best screenplay in 1943, but little recognition was given to Burnett and Alison. 
The lead actors were not particularly aware of the film's basis. For instance, in 1974, Ingrid Bergman said in an interview: "Casablanca based on a play? No, I don't think so ... for we didn't know how the movie would end." 
In 1973, the screenwriter Howard Koch wrote in "New York" magazine that "Everybody Comes to Rick's" "provided an exotic locale and a character named Rick who ran a cafe but little in the way of a story adaptable to the screen." Burnett unsuccessfully sued for $6.5 million in damages, contending his play had provided the heart of the film.
In 1991, Howard Koch, who was then 89 years old, said in a letter to the "Los Angeles Times" that, after rereading the play, he thought it had provided "the spine" of the movie. 
When the television series based on "Casablanca" aired in 1983, Burnett and Alison sued Warner Brothers for royalties. Burnett also said that he wanted to control his characters and intended to complete a sequel to the play. In 1986 the New York State Court of Appeals determined that the pair had signed away all rights to their work under the terms of their agreement when they sold the play. With the copyright due to revert to Burnett and Alison in 1997, they threatened not to renew their agreement with Warner Brothers. The company paid them each $100,000 and gave them the right to produce the original play.
Stage production.
In July 1991 "Everybody Comes to Rick's" was produced by David Kelsey at the Whitehall Theatre in London. It ran for six weeks. Leslie Grantham played Rick.
The authors.
Murray Burnett.
Murray Burnett was born in New York City in 1911. He was a high school teacher at Central Commercial High School before becoming a playwright. 
After a trip to Europe in 1938 to help their Jewish relatives smuggle money out of Nazi-occupied Austria, the Burnetts went to the Mediterranean. They saw many exiles and refugees there. Burnett was inspired by events to make notes for a play. 
He completed the play about "Rick's" during the summer of 1940, with collaboration by his then wife Joan Alison. (Kabatchnik says they were married when they collaborated on two plays.) Their first play, "One in a Million," an anti-Nazi spy vehicle, attracted the interest of director Otto Preminger, but no film project developed. 
Burnett also wrote the play "Hickory Street" (Kabatchnik says the correct title is "Hickory Stick'"), together with Frederick Stephani. It featured a wounded veteran who teaches in a vocational high school in New York. It opened on Broadway in 1944 starring Steve Cochran. 
Burnett wrote, produced, and directed many radio plays, including the 1952 ABC series "Café Istanbul," with the renowned German actress Marlene Dietrich as "Mlle. Madou". This show was adapted as "Time for Love," which ran for 38 episodes on CBS Radio in 1953.
At the time of his and Alison's suit in 1985, Burnett was working for Corporation for Entertainment and Learning in Manhattan. He had the first 15 pages written for a sequel to "Everybody Comes to Rick's". 
He was first married to Frances, with whom he had traveled to Europe in 1938. They divorced after having a daughter, Lori. 
When he and Joan Alison (née Appleton) began playwriting, they were married, and wrote two plays together. They later divorced.
Burnett met his third wife, actress Adrienne Bayan, when she had a role in his play "Hickory Street". Burnett was the uncle of documentary director Barbara Kopple. He died on September 23, 1997 in New York City.
Joan Alison.
Born Joan Appleton (1902-31 March 1992), she used Joan Alison as her pen name. She was born in New York and lived her life there. She was married to Burnett when they began playwriting. They first co-wrote "One in a Million", an anti-Nazi play, in which Otto Preminger took an interest, but no film project developed. Their second effort was "Everybody Comes to Rick's."

</doc>
<doc id="20098334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098334" title="OARAC">
OARAC

OARAC is the abbreviation for the Office of AIDS Research Advisory Council, which is developing guidelines for the use of antiretroviral agents in HIV-1-infected adults and adolescents.

</doc>
<doc id="20098341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098341" title="Milna Tozaka">
Milna Tozaka

Milna Tozaka OBE (born October 21, 1951) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands, and was elected to Parliament representing the North Vella Lavella Constituency on 5 April 2006. He is the current Minister for Public Service.

</doc>
<doc id="20098343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098343" title="Trevor Olavae">
Trevor Olavae

Trevor Olavae (born April 6, 1959) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He lives in the area of Vella Lavella.

</doc>
<doc id="20098344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098344" title="Holmside Hall">
Holmside Hall

Holmside Hall is an early 19th-century farmhouse and equestrian centre at Holmside, Burnhope, County Durham, England.
The farm is built on the site of a medieval manor house which until 1570 was the home of Robert Tempest (High Sheriff of Durham in 1561). The family lost the manor by confiscation following his attainder for his part in the Rising of the North in 1569.
The site contains the remains of a medieval moat and the farm outbuildings contain walls and fragments of the medieval manor house. The farmhouse and outbuildings are Grade II listed buildings and the whole site is a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
Holmside New Hall, sometimes known as Little Holmside, is a nearby 17th-century house one time home of the Whittingham family.

</doc>
<doc id="20098360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098360" title="Aztec Student Union">
Aztec Student Union

The Aztec Student Union is a student union in the center of San Diego State University's campus, just east of Malcolm A. Love Library. The Aztec Student Union was known as the Aztec Center from 1968-2011, when it was demolished for the Aztec Student Union. The Aztec Student Union leads into the heart of the SDSU campus and is located near many classrooms and administrative services.
Aztec Center.
The Aztec Center offered a variety of services, places, and spaces geared to the needs of students including restaurants, movie theater, meeting rooms, and various student organizations. It was also home to the Associated Students' Government & Business Office, Council Chambers, the Government Affairs Office and Meeting Services. Many student organizations also housed their offices in the Aztec Center.
History.
The Aztec Center, planned in the late 1950s and built in the early 1960s, was the first permanent student union in the California State University system.

</doc>
<doc id="20098361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098361" title="General Staff Building (Saint Petersburg)">
General Staff Building (Saint Petersburg)

The General Staff Building (, Zdanie Glavnovo Shtaba) is an edifice with a 580 m long bow-shaped facade, situated on Palace Square in Saint Petersburg, Russia, in front of the Winter Palace. 
The building was designed by Carlo Rossi in the Empire style and built in 1819-1829. It consists of two wings, which are separated by a tripartite triumphal arch adorned by sculptors Stepan Pimenov and Vasily Demuth-Malinovsky and commemorating the Russian victory over Napoleonic France in the Patriotic War of 1812. The arch links Palace Square through Bolshaya Morskaya St. to Nevsky Prospekt. Until the capital was transferred to Moscow in 1918, the building served as the headquarters of the General Staff (western wing), Foreign Ministry and Finance Ministry (eastern wing). The western wing now hosts the headquarters of the Western Military District. The eastern wing was transferred to the Hermitage Museum in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20098382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098382" title="Aubin Hueber">
Aubin Hueber

Aubin Hueber (born Tarbes, 5 April 1967) is a former French rugby union footballer and a current coach. He played as a scrum-half.
He first played at Stadoceste Tarbais, moving to Stade Bagnérais, in 1984, where he premiered in the first team and played until 1988. He then played for FC Lourdes (1988/89-1990/91), RC Toulon (1991/92-1999/00), SU Agen Lot-et-Garonne (2000/01), Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby (2001/02-2002/03) and RC Toulon (2003/04 to 2005/06), as player-coach. He won the Top 14, in 1992, with RC Toulon.
Hueber had 21 caps for France, from 1990 to 2000, scoring 3 tries and 2 drop goals, 21 points in aggregate. He played four times at the Five Nations/Six Nations, in 1992, 1993, 1995 and 2000, being a member of the winning squad in 1992. He also played at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, in three matches, scoring a try.
In 25 August 2007, Hueber played for Belgium Barbarians, in their 8-36 loss to Argentina.
He first coached, as player-coach, Toulon, with Thierry Louvet, from 2003/04 to 2005/06, winning the French Pro D2, in 2005. Then, he was in charge of France Amateurs. He has since returned to Toulon, where he serves as forwards coach under Philippe Saint-André.

</doc>
<doc id="20098385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098385" title="0-60 (magazine)">
0-60 (magazine)

0-60 is an automotive enthusiast publication based in New York City. It is owned by Harris Publications, distributed internationally. 0-60 has been published since August 2007. While initially launched as a quarterly magazine, it will be printed bimonthly for 2009.
History.
0-60 was created in 2007 by then-editor-in-chief Brian Scotto. The concept behind the magazine was to fill the void that was left between niche enthusiast magazines and the traditional “buff books” in the United States. Instead of focusing on breaking news like many of 0-60’s competitors, the magazine has instead put their strength into longer format stories. The tone is educated and knowledgeable, but 0-60’s subtle snark is what created the magazine’s personality. 0-60 is also known for its high-quality paper package, often compared with British automotive publications.
The title of the magazine, 0-60 (while obviously a well-known performance benchmark), was actually an ode to the work of Tom McCahill, the inventor of the zero-to-60 measurement. The 1950s automotive journalist was known for his clever and creative writing that was also brutally honest. Ironically, the magazine is not known for reviewing automobiles based on data measurements such as zero-to-60 mph times. The tagline on the cover is called “Fast Cars”. It was inspired by the British punk-rock band called the Buzzcocks and their song “Fast Cars.”
In January 2008, the magazine drove a 2008 Subaru WRX STI from Seattle, Washington, to Tuktoyaktuk, Canada, which is located within the Arctic Circle. This was the first true adventure story by the magazine. Epic adventure stories are now one of the things that 0-60 is known for.
In the Fall 2008 issue, the magazine introduced their annual award, known as the Tommy. Although it was created in response to other magazines naming their car of the year, or listing their top 10 cars for the year, the Tommy is defined as “The Thomas McCahill Award for Excellence in Motoring, (also known as The Tommy, it is 0-60’s annual recognition for making fast possible). The award is named after the pioneer of snark, overwriting and "telling it how it is" in automotive journalism. He also created the zero-to-60 time.
In 2008, the Tommy Award went to the 2008 Nissan GT-R and the 2008 BMW 135i.
The final issue of the magazine, featuring the Koenigsegg Agera as the cover car, was the Winter 2011 issue. However, 0-60 continues in online-only format into the present day.
Accolades.
The magazine received a warm initial welcome from within the automotive news community. Heavily trafficked automotive blogs Autoblog.com and Jalopnik.com both published positive reviews of the premiere issue. It was referred to as “a reason to wait by the mailbox again.”
0-60 was also selected by Mr. Magazine as being one of the 30 most notable magazine launches in 2007, alongside Condé Nast Portfolio and Antenna [http://www.antennamag.com, which is also published by Harris Publications.
Staff.
Brian Scotto is the editor-in-chief of 0-60 magazine. Also known as Scooter. He is also involved with RIDES [http://rides-mag.com] magazine. He previously worked for Mass Appeal magazine. Additional editorial direction is provided by Richard S. Chang, formerly the editor of Super Street magazine; Mike Spinelli, who founded Jalopnik.com; Matt Tuccillo, who also works on RIDES; and Jack Chinelli, who was involved with the actual launch of 0-60.
Photo direction for the magazine is led by Tony Harmer Art direction is done by Evan Gubernick [http://evangubernick.com/egubernick/eg.html. Both Harmer and Gubernick are also involved with Antenna [http://www.antennamag.com] magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20098407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098407" title="Miguel Ramón Izquierdo">
Miguel Ramón Izquierdo

Miguel Ramón Izquierdo (8 December 1919 – 17 September 2007) was a Spanish politician who served as the last mayor of Valencia in the Franco era and the first in the modern democratic era.
Biography.
Early career and mayoral term.
Izquierdo was born in Valencia.
Married with six children, Ramón worked as a lawyer. In the Franco era he served as provincial president of the metal syndicate from 1963 to 1966. He served as procurator for Valencia province in the Francoist Cortes from 1973 until its dissolution in 1977. He was appointed Mayor of Valencia in September 1973 and served until April 1979. However in June 1977, when the first democratic government was formed, he resigned the office considering that he was no longer authorised to head it, but was persuaded to resume the role within a month. Nonetheless he insisted on being ratified by a vote of Valencian councillors.
During his time as Mayor he aimed to professionalise the city and run it "like a business." He also acted to halt residential development in the Devesa del Saler natural park and secured the transfer of the gardens in the old course of the River Turia from the Spanish Crown to Valencia City council. He later recalled that he had ensured that when the King came to Valencia "He came with the River under his arm." He also restored the teaching of the Valencian language in schools in Valencia city.
Democratic era.
Politically and socially Francoist, he resisted the replacement of the ailing Franco by the young King Juan Carlos but nevertheless welcomed the new monarch on his first visit to Valencia city. He abstained in the vote to legalise political parties in June 1976. After the law was passed, he joined the new Spanish People's Union (Unión del pueblo español), however, one year later, in 1977, he became a founder member of the Valencian Regional Union (Unión Regional Valenciana), the embryo of the Valencian Union (Unió Valenciana) which was formed in August 1982. He became Secretary General of Unió Valenciana (UV) in September 1982 and later served as its regional president.
National politician.
He entered national politics in 1982 when he was elected to the national parliament as a deputy for Valencia province as part of a joint list between UV and the Popular Alliance. In 1986, when UV contested the election in their own right, he was re-elected, serving until 1989. 
He then resumed his legal career continuing until late in life, although he was plagued by heart problems in later years." His final public appearance was in December 2006 at a public ceremony to commemorate the transfer of the river gardens to the Valencian local council."

</doc>
<doc id="20098411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098411" title="Selwyn Riumana">
Selwyn Riumana

Selwyn Riumana (born June 30, 1966) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He lives in Ysabel Province, and currently serves as Minister of Agriculture and Livestock of the Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20098413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098413" title="Lake Ūkojas">
Lake Ūkojas

Lake Ūkojas is a lake in the Ignalina district, eastern Lithuania. It is located in the Aukštaitija National Park, about west of Ignalina. The lake connects with Lake Alksnaitis and Lake Pakasas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20098421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098421" title="Radio Bikini">
Radio Bikini

Radio Bikini is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Robert Stone. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988 for Best Documentary Feature.
The film documents the nuclear tests performed around Bikini Atoll during Operation Crossroads in 1946, and their effects on the indigenous population and American servicemen involved in the testing.

</doc>
<doc id="20098433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098433" title="Impressionism (disambiguation)">
Impressionism (disambiguation)

Impressionism is an art movement. Other meanings include:

</doc>
<doc id="20098447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098447" title="Clay Forau Soalaoi">
Clay Forau Soalaoi

Clay Forau Soalaoi, more commonly referred to as Clay Forau, (born 10 October 1976) is a Solomon Islands politician. 
He was first elected to Parliament, representing the Temotu Vatud constituency, at the 2006 general election, in April. From 22 April to 5 May, he served briefly as Minister for Justice and Legal Affairs, under Prime Minister Snyder Rini. When Rini was forced to resign in the face of public protests and a motion of no confidence, Forau supported his successor Manasseh Sogavare, and was appointed Minister for Health and Medical Services. He was also a member of Sogavare's Social Credit Party. He held this position until December 2007, when Prime Minister Sogavare was himself ousted in a vote of no confidence and Derek Sikua named a new Cabinet.
In January 2008, he was appointed chairman of the Constitution Review Committee.
In June 2009, Forau replaced Martin Magga as Minister for Health and Medical Services. The latter was "relieved of his ministerial duties on medical grounds" after being hospitalized in Australia and placed on life support.
Retaining his seat in the August 2010 general election, in which he stood as a member of the People's Federation Party, he nonetheless lost his seat in Cabinet. Rather than join the Opposition, he was elected Leader of the Independent Members of Parliament on 30 August. In early April 2011, however, he relinquished this position to join the ranks of the government. Shortly thereafter, he was appointed Minister for Police, National Security and Correctional Services.
On November 9, 2011, he resigned and joined the Opposition, as part of a mass defection which brought down the Philip government two days later. Gordon Darcy Lilo replaced Philip as Prime Minister on November 16, and reappointed Forau to his previous position five days later.
On 9 February 2012, Lilo sacked Peter Shannel Agovaka as Foreign Minister, for having publicly raised the possibility of establishing diplomatic relations with Russia without awaiting Lilo's approval. On 27 February, Lilo appointed Forau in his place.
Forau lives in Tikopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20098450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098450" title="Manus McGuire">
Manus McGuire

Manus McGuire is an Irish fiddle player born in County Sligo now residing in County Clare. In 1970, he won Sligo's prestigious "Fiddler of Dooney" competition,at age 14.
He is a founding member of "Buttons and Bows" "Moving Cloud" and The Brock McGuire Band.
Manus' brother Seamus McGuire is also a renowned fiddle player and co-founded the band "Buttons and Bows" with Manus.

</doc>
<doc id="20098455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098455" title="Government Communication and Information System">
Government Communication and Information System

The Government Communication and Information System (GCIS) is a South African government-owned corporation that is primarily charged with managing public communication of government actions and policy. It falls under the authority of the Ministry in The Presidency, which appoints the CEO of GCIS.
The CEO of GCIS is the official spokesperson of the government. The corporation was established on 18 May 1998, according to terms of Section 7 (Subsection 2 and 3) of the Public Service Act, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20098479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098479" title="30 Rock (season 3)">
30 Rock (season 3)

The third season of "30 Rock", an American television comedy series, consists of 22 episodes and began airing on October 30, 2008 on the NBC network in the United States. The season was produced by Broadway Video, Little Stranger, and NBC Universal; the executive producers were series creator Tina Fey, Lorne Michaels, Marci Klein, David Miner, and Robert Carlock.
In this season, Liz focuses heavily on her personal life, trying to adopt a child and find a new romantic partner. Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy pursues a new relationship, Jenna Maroney undertakes a new Janis Joplin-based film project, and Tracy Jordan enjoys the success of his video game developed at the end of the previous season.
The third season aired under NBC's promotional banner "Comedy Night Done Right" on Thursdays at 9:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The season was critically acclaimed and received 22 Emmy Award nominations, the most for a single show in 2009. The nominations broke "30 Rock"'s own record (17) for the most nominated comedy in a single Primetime Emmy Award ceremony. The season was released on DVD as a three-disc boxed set under the title "30 Rock: Season 3" on September 22, 2009, by Universal Studios.
Synopsis.
Season 3 continues from the epilogue of the last season 2 episode, Cooter. Jack tries to get his job - and his promotion - back. Meanwhile, Liz tries to adopt a baby, while Tracy enjoys the success of his pornographic videogame as Jenna sues him for not properly compensating her.
Season-long plots include Jack meeting a new love interest named Elisa (Salma Hayek) and the search for his real father (portrayed by Alan Alda). Liz also finds a new love interest, Dr. Drew Baird (Jon Hamm) while going through cutbacks and discovering her potential to host a talk show. Jenna is cast as a Janis Joplin-type character since the life rights to Janis Joplin could not be obtained. Kenneth Parcell's (Jack McBrayer) age is also revealed to be questionable. It is also revealed, in the penultimate episode of season 7, that Jack and Jenna were romantically involved throughout season 3. However, this subplot is not visited at any other point in the show.
Crew.
The third season was produced by Broadway Video, Little Stranger, Inc., and Universal Media Studios and was aired on NBC. The executive producers were series creator Tina Fey, Lorne Michaels, Marci Klein, David Miner, and Robert Carlock. Jack Burditt, John Riggi, and Ron Weiner acted as co-executive producers. The producers for the season were Alec Baldwin, Jerry Kupfer, and Don Scardino with Diana Schmidt and Irene Burns as co-producers. Joann Alfano had been the executive producer for the first and second seasons and vacated that position afterward. Ron Weiner became a co-executive producer after being a story editor for the second season. Alec Baldwin, who plays Jack Donaghy in the series, became a producer for the third season.
There were 11 directors through the season. Those who directed multiple episodes were series producer Don Scardino, Gail Mancuso, and Beth McCarthy. There were eight directors who each directed one episode throughout the season: Steve Buscemi, Todd Holland, Constantine Makris, John Riggi, Ken Whittingham, Tricia Brock, Millicent Shelton, and Scott Ellis. Series writers who penned episodes this season include Tina Fey, Robert Carlock, Jack Burditt, John Riggi, and Matt Hubbard.
Cast.
Ten actors received star billing. Tina Fey portrayed Liz Lemon, the head writer of a fictitious live-sketch-comedy television series "TGS". The "TGS" cast consists of three actors. The lead actor is the loose cannon movie star Tracy Jordan, portrayed by Tracy Morgan. The co-stars are the dense Jenna Maroney, portrayed by Jane Krakowski and Josh Girard, who is also a writer for "TGS", portrayed by Lonny Ross. Jack McBrayer played the naïve NBC page Kenneth Parcell. Scott Adsit acted as the witty and wise "TGS" producer, Pete Hornberger. Judah Friedlander portrayed trucker hat-wearing staff writer Frank Rossitano. Alec Baldwin played the NBC network executive Jack Donaghy. Donaghy's full corporate title for the majority of the season is "Head of East Coast Television and Microwave Oven Programming". Keith Powell played the Harvard University alumnus and "TGS" staff writer James "Toofer" Spurlock. Katrina Bowden acted as writers' assistant Cerie Xerox. Other cast members include, Maulik Pancholy as Jonathan, Grizz Chapman as Grizz Griswold, and Kevin Brown as "Dot Com" Slattery. The cast featured recurring characters, including John Lutz as J.D. Lutz, and Chris Parnell as Dr. Leo Spaceman.
Salma Hayek had a recurring guest appearance in six episodes as Elisa, a nurse for Jack Donaghy's mother and Donaghy's eventual love interest. She first appeared in "Señor Macho Solo" and made her final appearance in "The Ones". Steve Buscemi had a role in the episodes "The Natural Order" and "Mamma Mia" as Lenny Wosniak, a private detective occasionally hired by Donaghy. Alan Alda appeared in the episodes "Mamma Mia" and "Kidney Now!" as Milton Greene, a man believed to be Jack Donaghy's father.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Robert Canning of IGN called the third season "a series at the top of its game", scoring the season a 9.3 out of 10. In particular, Canning noted that the "first half of the year ... had the most focus." Canning said the premiere episode "Do-Over" was "filled to capacity with comedy", called "Señor Macho Solo" "near perfect", but said the story for the finale "Kidney Now!" was "fun" but "average for a season finale." Alynda Wheat of "Entertainment Weekly", reviewing the DVD release, gave the season an A−. Jeremy Medina of "Paste" magazine also reviewed the premiere, saying it was "sort of like the first day of school after summer vacation: sort of awkward at times, but fast and buoyant and warmly familiar all the same". Brian Lowry of "Variety" was more critical, calling the third season "wildly uneven" and saying "30 Rock" was "merely a good comedy whose shortcomings prevent it from joining the ranks of great ones." Metacritic, which gives a score based on critical reviews, gave the season a rating of 84% from 17 reviews, signifying "universal acclaim".
Ratings.
The season premiere, "Do-Over", received 8.7 million viewers and was the highest-rated episode of the series. The sixth episode "Christmas Special" would break that mark, garnering 8.9 million viewers. Digital Video Recorder (DVR) accounted for an average additional 1.2 million viewers for episodes of the third season. "30 Rock" is the most popular series among upscale viewers, defined as those who have an income higher than $100,000 a year, on the broadcast networks. The show averaged 7.7 million viewers through the first ten episodes, a ratings level that "Variety" called "solid" and credited to pairing the show with "The Office" on NBC's Thursday schedule. The season finale, "Kidney Now!", aired on May 14, 2009 and was viewed by 5.7 million viewers.
Awards and nominations.
This season of "30 Rock" received 22 Emmy Award nominations, the most for a show in 2009, breaking "30 Rock" own record for the most nominated comedy in a single Primetime Emmy Award year (previously 17). At the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards, "30 Rock" won two Creative Arts Emmy Awards, "Outstanding Casting for a Comedy Series" and "Outstanding Picture Editing for a Comedy Series", for the episode "Apollo, Apollo". The show won three Primetime Emmy Awards: "Outstanding Comedy Series", Alec Baldwin won "Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series" for his role as Jack Donaghy, and Matt Hubbard won "Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series" for his work on "Reunion". Tina Fey, though nominated, did not win "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series", which she had won the previous year; Toni Collette from "The United States of Tara" won instead. CNN called the decision a "mild surprise", saying Fey was the "heavy favorite".
Distribution.
"30 Rock" is broadcast in Canada, the United Kingdom (UK), and Australia, in addition to the United States. The show was simulcast in Canada on Citytv. This season of "30 Rock" was shown in Australia on the Seven Network at 11:30 p.m. local time starting on February 2, 2009. The third season began in the UK on October 5, 2009, on Comedy Central, moving from Five where the previous season had aired.
The season was released on DVD by Universal Studios on September 22, 2009 in the United States and Canada after it had completed an initial broadcast run on NBC. The DVD set is scheduled for Australian release on November 11, 2009. The 3-disc set of 22 episodes has a , Dolby Surround 2.0 and 5.1, and English and Spanish subtitles. In addition to the episodes, the DVD set special features included unaired scenes, featurettes, and audio commentary on the select episodes, "Flu Shot", "Goodbye, My Friend", "The Bubble", "Apollo, Apollo", "The Ones", "Mamma Mia" and "Kidney Now!".
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20098482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098482" title="Merchants and Manufacturers Building">
Merchants and Manufacturers Building

The One Main Building, formerly the Merchants and Manufacturers Building (commonly referred to as the M&M Building), is a building on the campus of the University of Houston–Downtown. The building is recognized as part of the National Register of Historic Places, is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, and considered a Contributing Building in Downtown Houston's Main Street/Market Square Historic District. The building was built above Allen's Landing—an area where Houston's founders John Kirby Allen and Augustus Chapman Allen originally settled.
The Merchants and Manufacturers Building was built in 1930 and was the largest building in the city at the time. Although the commerce-focused building featured 14 miles of floor space and could accommodate one-third of the city's population, the Great Depression in the United States stifled initial participation. The building was purchased by South Texas Junior College in the 1960s, which became the University of College in 1974.
The building remains as a largest facility of the University of Houston–Downtown and was given an official designation as "One Main Building," or simply the "Main Building," by the university.

</doc>
<doc id="20098499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098499" title="The Rainbow (film)">
The Rainbow (film)

The Rainbow is a 1989 British drama film directed by Ken Russell. The story, adapted from the D. H. Lawrence novel of the same name, is a prequel to Lawrence's "Women in Love", which was also made into a film by Russell in 1969. 
Sammi Davis stars as Ursula, a sheltered young pupil, then schoolteacher, who's taken under the wing (sexually and otherwise) by the more sophisticated Winifred (Amanda Donohoe). Glenda Jackson appears as the mother of the character she played in "Women in Love". 
Leonard Maltin commented that "Many beautiful and striking moments don't quite gel, but still worth watching." The film was entered into the 16th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20098506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098506" title="Fatal Bullet">
Fatal Bullet

Fatal Bullet (foaled February 12, 2005 in Florida) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
Trained by Reade Baker for owner Danny Dion's Bear Stables Ltd., in 2008 Fatal Bullet set a new track record for 6.5 furlongs in winning the Bold Venture Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack. After winning the Tom Ridge Labor Day Stakes at Presque Isle Downs, he set another new track record for 6.5 furlongs at Turfway Park while winning the Kentucky Cup Sprint Stakes.
Sent to compete in late October's Breeders' Cup Sprint at Santa Anita Park in California, Fatal Bullet finished second to Midnight Lute in stakes record time.
For his performances in 2008, Fata Bullet was voted the Sovereign Award for Canadian Champion Sprinter and Canadian Horse of the Year.
Winless since the 2009 Breeders Cup,Fatal Bullet won an Allowance Optional Claiming race on June 12 of 2011, thus winning his tenth race two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20098508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098508" title="Gitaru Hydroelectric Power Station">
Gitaru Hydroelectric Power Station

The Gitaru Hydro Power Plant is one of Kenya's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 225 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20098529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098529" title="Marc van Hintum">
Marc van Hintum

Marinus Gerardus Adrianus van Hintum (born 22 June 1967 in Oss) is a retired Dutch footballer who played professionally for Helmond Sport, Willem II, Vitesse, Hannover 96 and RKC Waalwijk, as well as for the Dutch national side.

</doc>
<doc id="20098542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098542" title="Stanley Festus Sofu">
Stanley Festus Sofu

Stanley Festus Sofu (born 1964) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He lives in Malaita Province, and currently serves as the Minister for Infrastructure and Development of the Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20098550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098550" title="A8 road (Northern Ireland)">
A8 road (Northern Ireland)

The A8 in County Antrim, Northern Ireland is a principal route connecting Belfast and the harbour town of Larne. It is one of the busiest routes in the region and extends 26.1 km (16.2 miles) from Glengormley to Larne via Ballynure. The road forms part of European routes E01 and E18 although these are not signed.
Route.
The route is predominantly single carriageway, though it is dual carriageway in parts. At the southern end lies the mile-long A8(M) motorway, a spur of the M2 motorway. From this point the road is dual carriageway to Coleman's Corner near the townland of Lisnalinchey, where the B95 exits for Ballyclare. There are two climbing lanes; each on either side of the village of Ballynure, where the A57 joins. The Harbour Highway, bypassing Larne, is dual carriageway, and includes a grade-separated junction with the A2.
Future Improvements.
There have been calls for decades to have the route upgraded. The most recent upgrade is the section of dual carriageway as far north as Lisnalinchey. In 2007 the Government of the Republic of Ireland announced that it was willing to allocate a total of €580 million towards road projects in Northern Ireland to include the completion of the dual carriageway between Belfast and Larne.

</doc>
<doc id="20098551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098551" title="Kamburu Hydroelectric Power Station">
Kamburu Hydroelectric Power Station

The Kamburu Hydro Power Plant is one of Kenya's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 96 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20098556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098556" title="Rahamim Checkol">
Rahamim Checkol

Rahamim Checkol (born May 8, 1988) is an Israeli-Ethiopian association football player]. He currently plays for Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan. At international level, Checkol was capped at levels from under-18 to under-21.
Maccabi Tel Aviv.
On 1 September 2011, Checkol was transferred to Maccabi Tel Aviv for a fee of US$350,000 plus Hatem Abd Elhamed.

</doc>
<doc id="20098563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098563" title="Oracle Fusion Applications">
Oracle Fusion Applications

Oracle Fusion Applications (OFA) is a portfolio of next generation suite of software applications from Oracle Corporation. It is distributed across various product families; including financial management, human capital management, customer relationship management, supply chain management, procurement, governance, and project portfolio management.
Oracle Fusion Applications were announced shortly after Oracle's US$18 billion acquisition spree of PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, and Siebel Systems in 2005.
Oracle Fusion Applications were envisioned and pitched as an Enterprise resource planning suite - a combination of features and functionalities taken from Oracle E-Business Suite, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft and Siebel product lines. The suite is built on top of the Oracle Fusion Middleware technology stack which leverages the Service-oriented architecture capabilities of Oracle Fusion Architecture.
Oracle Fusion is an ERP software which offers complete Business solutions for all the wings of Enterprise. Oracle has also come up with Cloud solutions under Fusion Apps.
It was finally launched in September 2010 and released one year later at OpenWorld 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20098567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098567" title="California Department of Public Health">
California Department of Public Health

The California Department of Public Health (CDPH) is the state department responsible for public health in California. It is a subdivision of the California Health and Human Services Agency. One of its functions is to oversee vital records operations throughout the state.
Medical Marijuana Program.
CDPH operates the Medical Marijuana Program, tasked with issuing identification cards under Compassionate Use Act of 1996, and California Senate Bill 420.
Kids' Plates Program.
CDPH administers the state's Kids' Plates program, which funds programs to protect children through the sale of customized license plates featuring one of four symbols- Heart, Hand, Star or Plus sign in the plate message. Of the proceeds, 50% supports child care licensing and inspections, 25% supports prevention of child abuse and 25% supports accidental childhood injury prevention programs.
Lead-contaminated lunch bag incident, 2007.
In 2007 it was discovered that CDPH had distributed green canvas "EAT FRUITS AND VEGETABLES AND BE ACTIVE" lunch bags (soft lunch boxes) whose cover, lining, and logo "tested high for lead levels". Although CDPH eventually asked that people not use 56,000 green or 247,000 blue lunch bags, CDPH was criticized by an advocacy group for not notifying parents quickly enough of the presence of lead in the green ones.
Medical Privacy Fines, 2009.
In 2009 CDPH imposed two fines totaling more than $400,000 against Kaiser Permanente hospital in Bellflower, CA, for failing to prevent unauthorized access to confidential patient information.
The first fine was in May, of $250,000. It was the largest under a state law enacted following widely publicized violations of privacy involving celebrities, including 
Farrah Fawcett, Britney Spears and California First Lady Maria Shriver.
A second fine, of $187,500, was part of an investigation into employees improperly accessing the medical records of the so-called "Octomom" Nadya Suleman and her children. 
Social Marketing.
CDPH uses Twitter to provide public health information.

</doc>
<doc id="20098574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098574" title="Sonic Boom Music">
Sonic Boom Music

Sonic Boom Music is Canada’s largest independent music store. Opened May 16, 2001 by Jeff Barber this store houses 50,000 new and used CDs, 20,000 new and used DVDs, 25,000 new and used Vinyl Records as well as thousands of video games, cassette tapes, VHS, music–related books, audio accessories and collectable silk-screened posters. 
The store buys and sells previously owned CDs, DVDs, LPs, Cassette Tapes, video Games and has an extensive stock of new products (CDs, DVDs, LPs etc.). 
The store is well known in Toronto for its huge, intricately designed, front window displays showcasing the latest releases to come into the store. 
In summer of 2007 Sonic Boom Music expanded their store by dedicating their retro-ly renovated basement to vinyl records, players and accessories. In addition, Sonic Boom frequently holds free all-age shows in their basement during store hours with locally and nationally known artists from a wide variety of genres. Every show is commemorated by a hand silk-screened limited poster given to attendees for a donation to a local charity.

</doc>
<doc id="20098576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098576" title="Kiambere Hydroelectric Power Station">
Kiambere Hydroelectric Power Station

The Kiambere Hydro Power Plant is one of Kenya's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 168 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20098582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098582" title="Martin Sopage">
Martin Sopage

Martin Sopage, whose name is also commonly spelt Martin Sopaghe, (born May 1966 in Komuvaolu Village, Guadalcanal Province) is a Solomon Islands politician.
After a primary school education, he went into private business. His career in national politics began when he was elected to the National Parliament as MP for the North Guadalcanal constituency in the general election on April 5, 2006. He was elected as an Independent. In November 2007, several ministers defected from Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare's government in an attempt to bring down the government, and Sogavare appointed Sopage as Minister for Infrastructure and Development on November 12. Nevertheless, Sogavare was ousted in a motion of no confidence on December 20, ending Sopage's brief participation in Cabinet. Sopage retained his seat in the general election on August 4, 2010, having stood again as an Independent, unaffiliated to any political party. He was appointed Minister for Lands, Housing and Survey in Prime Minister Danny Philip's coalition Cabinet.
On January 20, 2011, he and three other ministers left the government and joined Steve Abana's official Opposition, citing dissatisfaction with the Cabinet being "manipulated by one or two people". On January 31, he returned to the government and resumed his Cabinet post. On February 8, he defected anew to the Opposition, then re-defected to the government with several other defectors on February 17, and resumed his post as Minister for Lands, Housing and Survey.
On April 18, Philip removed him from Cabinet in a reshuffle to make way for five Opposition members who had just joined the government ranks. Sopage was succeeded by Joseph Onika.
In early November, Sopage, along with several other former ministers who had lost their positions in that reshuffle, switched over to the Opposition again, and this time succeeded in bringing down the Philip government.
Summary of membership during the Ninth Parliament (2010- ).
As of November 2011, Sopage has crossed the floor between the government and the opposition five times:

</doc>
<doc id="20098588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098588" title="Ideological repression in the Soviet Union">
Ideological repression in the Soviet Union

Ideological repression in the Soviet Union targeted various worldviews and the corresponding categories of people.
Ideological repression in arts.
Until late 1920s various forms of artistic expression were tolerated. However the increase of the scope of the Soviet political repression, marked by the first show trial, the Shakhty Trial, brought into the focus of Bolsheviks the question whether "bourgeois intelligentsia", including workers of culture and arts, can be loyal to the Soviet power and can be trusted. As an early step was an instruction to the Russian Association of Proletarian Writers "to scourge and chastice " in the name of the Party", i.e., effectively encouraging censorship of literature on ideological grounds. Among the first targets were Yevgeny Zamiatin and Boris Pilnyak. 
Soon the concept of Socialist Realism was established, as the officially approved form of art, an instrument of propaganda, and the main touchstone of ideological censorship.

</doc>
<doc id="20098593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098593" title="Joseph Spiess">
Joseph Spiess

Joseph Spiess may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20098597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098597" title="Augustine Taneko">
Augustine Taneko

Augustine Taneko (born October 3, 1954) was a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He lives in Shortlands, in the Western Province, and was first elected in 2001. He was replaced by Steve Laore.

</doc>
<doc id="20098606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098606" title="Turkwel Hydroelectric Power Station">
Turkwel Hydroelectric Power Station

The Turkwel Hydro Power Plant is Kenya's 3rd largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 106 MW.
The dam, Kenya's largest, is located on the Turkwel River in NW Kenya. It has a height of 153 m, crest length of 150 m, dam volume of 170,000 m³ and retains a water volume of 1,641,000,000 m³. 
It is well known in being a failed aid project where the dam was built on the wrong information, and it has never run to its full capacity. 800 people had to move because of the dam, with little or no compensation, and the damage to the environment and the local people has been huge.

</doc>
<doc id="20098623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098623" title="Repression in the Soviet Union">
Repression in the Soviet Union

There were many forms of repression in the Soviet Union carried out by the Soviet government and the ruling Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20098624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098624" title="2009 Team Speedway Polish Championship">
2009 Team Speedway Polish Championship

The 2009 Team Speedway Polish Championship (, DMP) will be the 2009 version of the Team Speedway Polish Championship organized by the Polish Motor Union (PZM) and Speedway Ekstraliga LLC ("Ekstraliga Żużlowa Sp. z o.o."). In 2009 there will be three leagues: Ekstraliga, First and Second League. The Ekstraliga and First League have eight teams competing; the Second League has other teams.
The winner of the top division (the Ekstraliga) will be the 2009 Team Polish Champion ("Drużynowy Mistrz Polski"). The defending Polish Champions are Unibax Toruń who won in 2008 after defeating Unia Leszno in the play-off final.

</doc>
<doc id="20098625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098625" title="Job Tausinga">
Job Tausinga

Job Dudley Tasinga, CSI (born July 18, 1951) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He lives on New Georgia Island, in the Western Province, and was first elected in 1984. 
On 6 December 2011, he was elected unopposed to the position of deputy Speaker of Parliament, following Namson Tran's resignation from that position. (The Speaker was Allan Kemakeza.)
He is the father of MP Silas Tausinga.

</doc>
<doc id="20098639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098639" title="Charlison Benschop">
Charlison Benschop

Charlison Benschop (born 21 August 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for German club Fortuna Düsseldorf, as a striker.
Career.
Benschop played youth football with SCO '63 and Spijkenisse, and began his senior professional career with RKC Waalwijk during the 2007–08 season. He signed a five-year contract with AZ in March 2010.
Benschop played international football at youth level for the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20098647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098647" title="Olkaria I Geothermal Power Station">
Olkaria I Geothermal Power Station

The Olkaria I Geothermal Power Station, also known as Olkaria I Geothermal Power Plant is a geothermal power station in Kenya, with an installed capacity of 45 MW.
Location.
The facility is located in the Hell's Gate National Park along with its sister stations, Olkaria II and Olkaria III. This location lies in Olkaria, in Nakuru County, on the eastern edge of the Eastern Rift Valley, approximately , by road, southwest of Naivasha, the nearest large town. Olkaria lies approximately , by road, northwest of Nairobi, the capital of Kenya and the largest city in that country.
The coordinates of Olkaria I Geothermal Power Station are:0°53'36.0"S, 36°18'30.0"E (Latitude:0.893330; Longitude:36.308334).
History.
The Olkaria I Power Station first started operation in 1981 running one Mitsubishi turbine with a generation capacity of 15MW. In 1982 and 1985, two more turbines identical to the first were commissioned at the facility, bringing the total generation capacity to 45MW.
Ownership.
Olkaria I Power Station is owned by "Kenya Electricity Generating Company" (KENGEN), a parastatal company, 100% owned by the Government of Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20098654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098654" title="Margaret Eliza Maltby">
Margaret Eliza Maltby

Margaret Eliza Maltby (10 December 1860 – 3 May 1944) was an American physicist notable for measurement of high electrolytic resistances and conductivity of very dilute solutions. She was born in Bristolville, Ohio, and died in New York City.
Education.
In 1887, Maltby enrolled as a "special student" at MIT because the institution did not accept female students. She was the first woman to earn a B.S. degree at MIT in 1891. She was also the first woman to receive a PhD from Göttingen University; in fact, she was the first woman to obtain a physics PhD from any German university. She completed a year of postdoctoral work at Göttingen.
Career.
Invited back to Germany in 1898, Maltby worked under Friedrich Kohlrausch and helped set the methodology in the field of conductivity.
Work.
Most of her significant research occurred before she began teaching at Barnard College, a women's college founded in 1889, where her involvement in administration left her little time for research. Maltby was a mentor to her students, vigorously extending efforts to support their professional advancement. During her 31 years of teaching at Barnard, and the nearly 20 years that she was chair of the physics department, Maltby took a great interest in her students' learning, even introducing physics courses for non-physicists, including probably the first course in the physics of music.
There are many examples of her efforts to support the professional advancement of female physicists. As chair of the American Association of University Women (AAUW) Committee on Fellowships, Maltby administered funds that supported women actively engaged in physics research during the early part of their careers. Since women were not eligible for many research fellowships because of their gender, the AAUW Fellowships were critical for maintaining a cadre of women physicists. Maltby's enormous effort contributed to the Fellowships' preservation.
Despite the college's Dean's Rule that stated, "the College cannot afford to have women on the staff to whom the college work is secondary; the College is not willing to stamp with approval a woman to whom self-elected home duties can be secondary," Maltby supported women's efforts to do both. As chair of the Physics Department, she vigorously opposed the forced resignation of Harriet Brooks when she planned to marry. 
Physicist and History of Science interviewer Katharine Sopka wrote that her students greatly admired her. One wrote her that, "Professor Maltby was my mentor--a gracious lady--a friend and a counselor. Her most memorable advice to me was not to forgo marriage for a career--which advice I followed and lived happily ever after." Maltby, never married, although she adopted the orphaned son of a close friend in 1901.
The first edition of "American Men of Science", published in 1906, recognized her name with star to note her as one of the country's top scientists.

</doc>
<doc id="20098658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098658" title="Peter Tom (politician)">
Peter Tom (politician)

Peter Tom (born 1964, Kwailatutu, Malaita) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency in Malaita Province. He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister for Women, Youths and Children's Affairs in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Home Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20098676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098676" title="Olkaria II Geothermal Power Station">
Olkaria II Geothermal Power Station

The Olkaria II Geothermal Power Station also known a Olkaria II Geothermal Power Plant is a geothermal power plant in Kenya, with installed electric generating capacity of 105MW.
Location.
The facility is located in Hell's Gate National Park, on the eastern edge of the Eastern Rift Valley, approximately , southeast of the city of Nakuru, where the county headquarters re located. Olkaria lies approximately , by road, northwest of Nairobi, the capital of Kenya and the largest city in that East African country. The coordinates of Olkaria are:0°51'49.0"S, 36°18'00.0"E (Latitude:-0.8636; Longitude:36.3000).
History.
Olkaria II went on-stream in 2003, when "Kenya Electricity Generating Company" (KENGEN), commissioned two 35MW units manufactured and installed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI). In 2010, a third unit of 35MW capacity was installed, bringing the total capacity to 105 Megawatts.
Ownership.
Olkaria II Power Station is owned by Kenya Electricity Generating Company (KENGEN). KENGEN is a parastatal company, which is 100% owned by the Government of Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20098680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098680" title="Skywards – A Sylphe's Ascension">
Skywards – A Sylphe's Ascension

"Skywards – A Sylphe's Ascension" is the second album by the German melodic death metal band, Fragments of Unbecoming. "Skywards" was the first album released under their new label Metal Blade Records on February 10, 2004. The album artwork is dedicated to Anna-Lena. The European release is sold with an extra cardboard-box and the booklet and inlay are a five-color-print.

</doc>
<doc id="20098682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098682" title="James Tora">
James Tora

James Tora (born July 16, 1956 in Hunuta Village, Ugi Islands) is a Solomon Islands politician.
After studying at the Honiara Technical Institute, he worked as Supervising Manager for Student Welfare Services at the Solomon Islands College of Higher Education. He then began a career in national politics, when he stood successfully for Parliament in the December 1, 2004 bye-election in the Ugi/Ulawa constituency. (The bye-election was prompted by MP Nathaniel Waena's elevation to the post of Governor-General.) He was re-elected in the 2006 and 2010 general elections.
He first entered Cabinet in March 2005 when Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza appointed him Minister for National Reconciliation, Unity and Peace, in the wake of the severe ethnic conflict on Guadalcanal. He held the post until February 2006, when he was appointed Minister for Mines and Energy. Following the April 2006 general election, he became Minister for Infrastructure and Development in Prime Minister Snyder Rini's short-lived Cabinet. Rini resigned the following month, under public pressure and in the face of an impending motion of no confidence, and Tora found himself on the Opposition benches, where he remained until Rini's successor, Manasseh Sogavare, was himself ousted in a vote of no confidence in December 2007. Tora supported new Prime Minister Derek Sikua, and was appointed Minister for Home Affairs. He held the post until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Police, National Security, and Correctional Services. He continued at that post after the August 2010 election, under newly elected Prime Minister Danny Philip.
On January 25, 2011, he followed several other ministers in resigning from government and joining Steve Abana's Opposition. Tora's defection gave Abana the support of twenty-five MPs to Philip's twenty-three, prompting the Opposition to call for Philip's resignation. The following month, however, Tora and several other defectors returned to the government, providing Philip with a solid majority once more. Tora resumed his position as Minister for Police.
On April 18, Philip removed him from Cabinet in a reshuffle to make way for five Opposition members who had just joined the government ranks. Sofu was succeeded by Clay Forau.
In early November, Tora, along with several other former ministers who had lost their positions in that reshuffle, switched over to the Opposition again, and this time succeeded in bringing down the Philip government.

</doc>
<doc id="20098691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098691" title="Hubertson Pauletta">
Hubertson Pauletta

Hubertson Pauletta (born 3 June 1989) is a professional footballer from Curaçao, in the former Netherlands Antilles, who plays as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20098700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098700" title="Auchterhouse railway station">
Auchterhouse railway station

Auchterhouse railway station served the village of Auchterhouse in the Scottish county of Angus. Services were provided by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway. The first station of the name had to be moved in 1860 when the line was realigned to avoid an incline.
History.
Opened by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway, and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Railways Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20098703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098703" title="Isaac Inoke Tosika">
Isaac Inoke Tosika

Isaac Inoke Tosika (born October 10, 1964) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents a constituency in Malaita Province, and was first elected in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20098714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098714" title="Charles Cunningham">
Charles Cunningham

Sir Charles Cunningham KCH (1755 – 11 March 1834) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century. He saw action during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Rear-Admiral.
Early life.
Cunningham was born in Eye, Suffolk in 1755, and after reading "Robinson Crusoe" at a young age, decided on a career at sea. As the country was at peace he joined a merchant ship. While serving as a seaman, the American War of Independence broke out and Cunningham joined the Royal Navy as a midshipman in 1775. He initially served aboard the 32-gun frigate , which sailed to the West Indies in early 1776, joining Sir Peter Parker's fleet. Cunningham's abilities led to him being recommended to Parker, and Parker duly transferred him aboard his flagship, . He was transferred again to the 14-gun , which was despatched to cruise off Savannah Point, Jamaica.
On 8 July the "Ostrich" engaged a 16-gun French privateer. In the ensuing three hour battle, both the commander and the lieutenant of the "Ostrich" were wounded but the French were forced to surrender, having lost 30 dead. The British casualties were four dead and 28 wounded. After his good conduct in the battle, Cunningham was appointed Acting-Lieutenant aboard the 18-gun sloop the following year. He then moved to the 28-gun sixth rate as her First Lieutenant. The "Hinchinbrook" was then under the command of Horatio Nelson. Cunningham remained at sea after Nelson transferred to the shore to superintend the defences of Jamaica, transferring to the 36-gun in 1780. The "Pallas" was ordered to escort the fleet from Jamaica back to Britain in summer 1782. During the crossing the squadron encountered a hurricane. Several of the ships were sunk and the "Pallas" was driven onto shore and wrecked. Fortunately Cunningham had transferred from her just before she sailed, joining . He remained in the West Indies until receiving confirmation of his promotion on 4 September, and the command of the hired brig "Barrington".
Command.
Cunningham was then sent with by Sir Joshua Rowley to interdict the American salt trade with the Bahamas. He was successful at this, but whilst re-provisioning at Jamaica, a French force landed and seized Turks Island. Alerted to this, Nelson gathered together a small squadron and set off to attempt to recapture it, relying on Cunningham's expert knowledge of the waters around the island. Nelson's force fell in with Cunningham's "Barrington" off the island, and together the "Barrington" and another of Nelson's ships, began to bombard the French positions whilst troops were landed. The two ships came under heavy fire from the entrenched French and were compelled to withdraw, having had several wounded. Nelson tried again the following day, but again failed to make much headway, and the attempt was called off.
The end of the war in 1783 meant that the "Barrington" was paid off and Cunningham retired from active naval life. He returned to service in 1788 when he joined Admiral Sir William Cornwallis' flagship . He served for several years in the East Indies, before being promoted to commander and given command of the 16-gun sloop . He then returned to Britain. He arrived after the outbreak of war with France, and was quickly appointed to the 14-gun . He then joined Lord Hood's fleet in the Mediterranean, arriving there in April 1793. He was largely employed in carrying despatches and maintaining communications with other ships scattered throughout the Mediterranean ports. On 5 October 1793 the "Speedy" accompanied and into Genoa, where they captured a French frigate, the "Modeste" and two armed tartanes. The "Captain" and "Speedy" then sailed to the Gulf of Spezia where they caught another French frigate, the "Imperieuse" at anchor. The "Imperieuse" scuttled herself, but was subsequently salvaged and recommissioned as HMS "Imperieuse". Cunningham was promoted to captain and given command of the prize, with his commission post-dated to the date of the capture, 12 October 1793.
He commanded the "Imperieuse" until early 1794, when he transferred to . He commanded her off Corsica, helping his old commander Nelson in the reduction of the French strongholds on the island. Cunningham distinguished himself to the extent that Lord Hood entrusted him with the public despatches announcing the capture of the island, adding Cunningham was given command of , a 38-gun frigate he was to command for the next six years. He was at anchor with the fleet at the Nore when the Spithead and Nore mutinies broke out in 1797.
Actions during the mutiny.
The Spithead and Nore mutinies were two major mutinies by sailors of the Royal Navy on various adjacent ships that broke out on 10 May 1797 and quickly spread. During the mutiny, only Cunningham aboard the "Clyde" and Sir Harry Burrard-Neale aboard were able to retain control over the sailors on their respective ships. By 22 May, the mutiny became more violent due to the Admiralty refusing to make any concessions. To help signal their mutinous control over the port admiral, the flag of the port admiral was torn down and replaced with the red flag. Seven days later on 29 May, the mutineer leader Richard Parker called for delegates to come from other ships to his headquarters aboard .
After it grew sufficiently dark, Cunningham gathered his crew at 9pm and announced his intention to escape the mutiny by sailing the "Clyde" out of the port in the next three hours so that they would arrive at Sheerness before daybreak. He encouraged them by declaring that if they agreed to this, Sir Harry Neale would join them with the "St Fiorenzo". The crew almost unanimously agreed to this, a single voice of dissent was quickly shouted down. At midnight, Cunningham ordered the anchor raised and the "Clyde" silently slipped out of the port. By daybreak, Cunningham and his ship arrived at Sheerness safely away from the mutiny. The "Clyde's" successful escape from the mutineers cause an atmosphere of distrust to spread among those who agreed to follow the mutineer leaders. This distrust formed the first effective blow against the ringleaders, and soon other ships were abandoning the mutinies and returning control to their respective commanders. As a result, the mutinies soon were quashed.
Return to service.
The "Clyde"′s next duty was to escort a convoy to the Baltic. While returning from this duty the "Clyde" came across and captured the French privateer "Success", and several days later captured the "Dorade". Several men were put aboard the prize from the "Clyde", but while returning to port, a gale blew up. The prize had attempted to outsail the "Clyde" but capsized. Cunningham stopped and lowered a boat to assist, but only four survivors were recovered. In 1798 the "Clyde" was used to attend on King George III during his trip to Weymouth, after which she returned to cruising in the English Channel. On 10 June 1799 she captured the French privateer schooner "Air", following this up three days later by capturing the privateer "Bon Ordre".
On 20 August, while sailing off Cordovan, two sails were spotted in the distance. Thinking them to be a ship of the line and a frigate, Cunningham sailed closer, at which the two ships began to sail away in opposite directions. Cunningham immediately gave chase, pursuing the largest one, which turned out to be the 36-gun frigate "Vestale". The "Clyde" brought her to battle and after an engagement of an hour forced her to strike her colours. The "Vestale" had lost 10 killed and 22 wounded to two killed and three wounded on the "Clyde". In the meantime the other French ship, the 28-gun "Sagasse" had taken the opportunity to escape into port. News of the victory was communicated to shore. King George III was in the theatre when news reached him. He stood up and directed the news be communicated to the audience. There was applause and "Rule Britannia!" was played.
The "Clyde" then joined Sir John Jervis and Admiral Cornwallis. She was occupied throughout the summer of 1800 conveying the artist John Thomas Serres around the French coast so that he could carry out surveys and make sketches of the headlands for charts. Cunningham was also active in capturing several Spanish privateers, and pursuing French warships.
In summer 1801 Cunningham was appointed Commodore, and given command of a squadron of frigates to guard against a possible French invasion of the Channel Islands. On 21 July was wrecked on the French coast. Learning that the French intended to salvage and re-float the vessel, Cunningham sent the "Clyde"′s lieutenant, William Mounsey in with the ship's boats to burn the wreck. In this Mounsey was successful, despite being under heavy fire from French shore batteries as he did so.
Promotions and flag rank.
With the Peace of Amiens the "Clyde" was paid off at the Nore on 24 June 1802. The resumption of hostilities led to Cunningham being given command of the 74-gun and sent to patrol off the Texel with a squadron. He was relieved in this post by Sir Sidney Smith, and Cunningham moved aboard . In September 1803 he was offered a place on the Victualling Board by Earl St Vincent, and moved ashore. In 1806 he became resident commissioner of Deptford and Woolwich Dockyards, which he superintended for the next seventeen years. He moved to Chatham Dockyard in 1823, and he retired from there on 4 May 1829 with the rank of Rear-Admiral. He was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Guelphic Order on 24 October 1832. In 1829 he had published his account of the events at the Nore, entitled "A narrative of occurrences that took place during the mutiny at the Nore in the months of May and June 1797".
Family and later years.
Cunningham had married twice, first to Miss Boycott, and secondly to Miss Proby. He had a number of children. His son joined the navy but died at sea in 1822. Cunningham spent the later years of his life living with his daughters at the family seat of Oak Lawn House in Eye. He died there at the age of 80 on 11 March 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="20098719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098719" title="Iris Morley">
Iris Morley

Iris Vivienne Morley (10 May 1910 - 27 July 1953) was an English historian, writer and journalist.
Morley was born at Carshalton, Surrey, the daughter of Colonel Lyddon Charteris Morley CBE and Gladys Vivienne Charteris Braddell. She married Ronald Gordon Coates of the Devonshire Regiment on 10 January 1929. They were divorced in 1934 and she married Alaric Jacob on 2 August 1934. 
With Jacob she went to America where he was a foreign correspondent, and they stayed there until the beginning of World War II. During the war, she wrote her trilogy of historical novels - "Cry Treason" (1940), "We Stood For Freedom" (1941) and "The Mighty Years" (1943) - with James Scott, the Duke of Monmouth, and William III, as central characters. Jacob was away for two years at this time reporting from various war zones. 
She accompanied her husband to Moscow in January 1944 and wrote her work "Soviet Ballet" published in 1945. Morley was a journalist for "The Observer" and the "Yorkshire Post". She became a Communist and her ideas strongly influenced her husband. She appears in Jacob's book "Scenes from a Bourgeois Life" published in 1949 as Miranda Ireton.
That same year, she and her husband were included on Orwell's list of people he considered unsuitable to be authors for the Information Research Department. This list was prepared in March 1949 by George Orwell for his friend Celia Kirwan at the IRD, a propaganda unit set up at the Foreign Office by the Labour government.
In August 1948, Jacob had joined the BBC monitoring service at Caversham, but in February 1951 he was "suddenly refused establishment rights, which meant he would receive no pension." By this time Jacob and his wife were separated but his establishment and pension rights were only restored shortly after Iris Morley died in 1953. 
Jacob and Morley had a daughter. After her death he married the actress Kathleen Byron.

</doc>
<doc id="20098725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098725" title="All Saints High School">
All Saints High School

All Saints High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20098742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098742" title="From Paris with Love">
From Paris with Love

From Paris with Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20098748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098748" title="NY Residential">
NY Residential

NY Residential is a half-hour real estate TV program airing weekly on WPIX in New York City. The show is hosted by Cathy Hobbs, a journalist and Jeff Appel, a real estate industry expert and lecturer. They are joined by correspondent Leila Sbitani, formerly of Entertainment Tonight. It also features segments from real estate reporters in New York, including Christine Haughney from The New York Times and Jason Sheftell from The New York Daily News. 
History.
Created by "Sparkway", a digital production company, the show first aired on July 15, 2008, and is seen every Sunday morning at 9 a.m. on WPIX. As of October 20, 2008, the show was picked up by WGN America and airs nationally on Saturday mornings as well.
Content.
The show's segments spotlight several properties in New York City. Ranging from affordable apartments to luxury condos, the show features a walk through of the property and a Q&A with the broker by a field reporter. It also highlights the surrounding neighborhood, and features information on how to make it to the open house. The show also has segments with real estate tips, market trends, and updates on properties being developed and under construction. 

</doc>
<doc id="20098760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098760" title="Groningen railway station">
Groningen railway station

Groningen is the main railway station in Groningen, the Netherlands. In Groningen, the station is also called "Hoofdstation". The station opened on 1 June 1866 and is on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway. The first building was a temporary structure outside the former fortifications. In 1870, with the Meppel–Groningen railway, the station was connected with the central Netherlands. In 1884 the Groningen–Delfzijl railway opened, and in 1893 the connection to Roodeschool opened. The station building that still stands today was completed in 1896. 
The station has nine platforms and behind the station is a stabling point for many trains. Groningen is now the furthest north that Nederlandse Spoorwegen operates, with all services further north operated by Arriva. Two free internet terminals can be found in the information centre by the main entrance/exit.
Major destinations.
From Groningen you can directly travel to places such as:
Assen, Zwolle, Amersfoort, Utrecht, Gouda, The Hague, Amsterdam Airport (Schiphol), Hoogeveen, Leeuwarden, Roodeschool, Delfzijl, Winschoten, Nieuweschans and Leer (Germany).
Train services.
The following services call at Groningen:

</doc>
<doc id="20098770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098770" title="Magnetization reversal">
Magnetization reversal

Magnetization reversal, or switching, represents the process that leads to a 180° reorientation of the magnetization vector with respect to its initial direction, from one stable orientation to the opposite one. Technologically, this is one of the most important processes in magnetism that is linked to the magnetic data storage process such as currently used in hard disk drives . As it is known today, there are only few possible ways to reverse the magnetization of a metallic magnet:
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20098793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098793" title="Aeolian Company">
Aeolian Company

The Æolian Company was a manufacturer of player organs and pianos.
History.
The Aeolian Company was founded by New York City piano maker William B. Tremaine as the "Æolian Organ & Music Co." (1887) to make automatic organs, and, after 1895, as the "Æolian Co." automatic pianos as well. (He had previous founded the Mechanical Orguinette Co. in 1878 to manufacture automated reed organs.) The manufacture of residence or "chamber" organs to provide entertainment in the mansions of millionaires was an extremely profitable undertaking, and Aeolian virtually cornered the market in this trade, freeing them from the tight competition of church-organ building with its narrow profit margins. Elaborate cases and consoles were often featured in residence organs. In other installations, the pipes were hidden behind tapestries, under or above staircases, or spoke from the basement through grilles or tone chutes. They also made Organettes and Player Pump Organs for the "Working Man" to buy.
The pianola, a pneumatic player piano, soon after became extremely popular. It had been invented in 1895 by Edwin S. Votey, president of the Farrand & Votey Organ Co., Detroit. In 1897, Votey joined Aeolian and in 1900 the firm obtained the patent for such instruments.
In 1903, Tremaine absorbed a number of companies making self-playing instruments, including the , a New York piano maker since 1852, into the Aeolian, Weber Piano & Pianola Co.
In 1904 Aeolian sued the Los Angeles Art Organ Company for patent infringement of its player mechanism, leading to court victories that effectively shut down a competitor. Other patent lawsuits were not always successful.
As the pianola, in its turn, was supplanted by the newer Æolian’s “Duo Art” reproducing piano (1913), which could reproduce the sound of a famous artist playing without manual intervention, the Æolian, Weber Piano & Pianola Co. became the world’s leading manufacturer of such roll-operated instruments.
Interestingly, in 1916 the Æolian Co. started making Vocalion phonographs and in 1917/8 started Vocalion Records, a maker of high-quality discs which in December 1924 was sold to Brunswick Records. The phonograph was one of the main factors in the demise of the player piano, although Starr made players and records as well as pianos. An attempt of the company to engage in the production of church and concert organs resulted in important installations at Duke University Chapel and Longwood Gardens. It was undermined by the Great Depression, during which the organ division was merged with the E.M. Skinner Organ Co. to become the Aeolian-Skinner Organ Co., a leading builder until the 1970s. As the popularity of the player piano faded with the rise of the gramophone and radio, the company merged in 1932 with the American Piano Corp. (itself a 1930 consolidation of Chickering & Sons, Knabe & Co., and other manufacturers). The combined company was the Aeolian Corp. in 1959; it declared bankruptcy in 1985.
Interesting enough, it is the Organettes and the Player Pump Organs that have survived today and still are collected and enjoyed by their collectors. So loved are these smaller machines, they have been restored and in fact there are places to buy recuts of the original music. 
An example of a surviving, working piano can be seen and heard at Peary's Eagle Island State Historical Site, Harpswell, Maine.
An example of a surviving, working organ can be seen and heard at Reynolda House Museum of American Art in Winston-Salem, NC. On January 27, 1917, R. J. Reynolds contracted the Aeolian Company of New York for a pipe organ with four keyboards and a pedal footboard. Today, the organ has approximately 250 organ rolls and is played in the afternoon for visitors. 
Location.
Æolian was first located at 841 Broadway, in the heart (and soul) of the piano district; the company later moved to 23rd Street, and then to 360 Fifth Avenue. Aeolian Hall (1912–13), 33 West 42nd Street, housed the firm’s general offices and demonstration rooms as a recital hall on the 43rd Street side where many noted musicians performed and was where the first Vocalions were made. The building was sold by Aeolian in 1924. The firm's pipe-organ factory was in Garwood, N.J., until the merger with the E.M. Skinner Co. 
The firm returned to Fifth Avenue in 1925. The firm’s facilities in the new Aeolian Building included a 150-seat recital hall, recording studios for Duo Art piano rolls, offices, design studios, drafting rooms, and a director’s room in the upper stories. The Aeolian Company (as Aeolian American Corp.) remained in the Aeolian Building until 1938, after which it leased half of Chickering Hall on West 57th St.
Copyright law.
It was Congressional suspicion of the market power of the Aeolian company during the early 20th century that prompted adoption of the first compulsory license system in U.S. copyright law, for the mechanical reproduction of musical compositions, a category that included piano rolls.
The player piano deeply troubled popular music composers such as John Philip Sousa. Sousa worried that the pianos would kill the public’s demand for sheet music, and sheet music was the source of composers’ copyright royalties. To make matters worse, the player piano companies refused to pay royalties to composers for the songs they put on player piano rolls. These rolls were scrolls of paper with holes punched out in patterns that instructed the piano how to play a particular song. The rolls, argued the player piano companies, did not “copy” the composers’ musical compositions. As a result, they were perfectly legal.
The Supreme Court, in its 1908 opinion in White-Smith Music Publishing Company v. Apollo Company, sided with the player piano companies. The Court held that because humans could not read player piano rolls, they were not in fact copies of the musical compositions they encoded.
The result in White-Smith lasted but a year before it was overturned by Congress. The Copyright Act of 1909 extended the law to cover all “mechanical” reproductions of musical compositions, whether they could be read by human beings or not. With this action, however, Congress mandated that all musical compositions would be subject to what is called a compulsory license. In short, since 1909 the copyright law has allowed musicians to copy others’ songs without asking permission, so long as they paid a specified fee to the original songwriter.
Anticipating that Congress was about to overturn White-Smith, Aeolian Company moved swiftly to buy up song rights from musicians and publishing companies so it could copy them onto player piano rolls. Aeolian’s competitors quickly complained to Congress about Aeolian’s attempt to corner the music market. Congress responded with the invention of the cover song rule.

</doc>
<doc id="20098798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098798" title="Draconic creature">
Draconic creature

The "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game contains many monsters that are similar or related to dragons but which are not "true dragons". These can be magical beasts, or creatures of other types, which resemble dragons. Alternatively, they could have the dragon type or keyword, but not be true dragons, or they could have the "dragonblood" subtype in the 3rd edition of "Dungeons & Dragons".
Ambush Drake.
Ambush drakes are dragons that are lupine in form rather than feline like true dragons. They are short, squat and compact compared to normal dragons, but still grow to be at least as large as an adult human. They have muscular limbs, and short spines on their necks and ugly heads. Their wings are disproportionate. Ambush drakes have grey bodies and back legs, with dark orangey-red heads, front legs and wings. They are far less intelligent than regular dragons.
Ambush drakes live in temperate planes, craggy valleys, and the borders of wastelands in packs of 3 to 12 individuals (solitary ones do exist, though). These packs have traditional draconic traits (the members enjoy hoarding treasure), only with the social habit in mind (individuals do not keep their own hoard, the hoard is shared by a pack). For the most part, however, Ambush drakes are more wolf-like than dragon-like, and are concerned mostly with hunting and killing and basically surviving life. They hunt in coordinated packs, closing prey into a corner and then attacking with their breath weapons. They can also use their teeth and claws, and according to "Monster Manual III", they are also poisonous. Their concern is with food and treasure, not terror, and they will typically ignore fleeing prey, instead focusing on one they have weakened and is right in front of them.
Ambush drakes speak Common and Draconic, but rarely do so, preferring to use psionics. They packs share a communal consciousness, with all Ambush drakes being completely emphatic of other nearby ambush drakes.
Dracotaur.
In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, the dracotaur is a dragon. They are sort of a dragon-centaur, having the upper body of a reptilian humanoid and the lower body of a dragon. They are nomadic hunter-warriors who practice sorcery and occasionally serve true dragons.
Dracotaurs are large creatures which have the upper torso of a muscular reptilian humanoid, and the lower, quadrupedal body of a wingless dragon. Their eyes are black, their feet large and clawed, and their sharp teeth glisten.
The favored class of the dracotaur is the sorcerer. Dracotaur barbarians, fighters, and rangers are also common. Dracotaurs are not overly religious, with clerics of them being rare. If not, however, Dracotaurs worship Tiamat. They speak Draconic.
Dragonne.
The dragonne is a magical beast that looks like a cross between a huge lion and a brass dragon. They make their homes in desert areas and live mostly on goats and other herd animals.
Dragon Turtle.
A dragon turtle's hard shell is mistaken for the reflection of heavenly bodies on the water when it surfaces, and is accented with silver fringes. The shell's actual color is about the same color as the sea around it, and its limbs and neck are a lighter color, highlighted with golden fringes.
Elemental Drake.
In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, elemental drakes are dragons most closely related to wyverns. They hail from the Elemental Planes, and are sometimes used as mounts by jann. Unlike wyverns they are sentient.
Half-Dragon.
Half-dragons are fictional creatures in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.
A dragon's magical nature allows it to breed with virtually any species. This sort of conception usually happens when a dragon has been polymorphed or had its form changed in some way. Metallic half-dragons are usually kind except when abused by the common races in the game which will turn half-dragons away from all others except from its kin; those based on evil chromatic dragons often mirror their progenitor's outlook. Half-dragon's features are reptilian, with scales, horns, elongated faces and exaggerated teeth and claws. All have wings.
When engaged in combat half-dragons are formidable creatures and can be nearly invulnerable to weak adventurers. All Half-Dragons have a breath weapon according to their variety. Gold, Red and Brass spew fire. Bronze and Blue breathe lightning. Black, Green and Copper exhale acid and corrosive gas. Silver and White dragons blow extremely frigid air and ice. In addition all half-dragons have a special immunity towards the element of their breath weapon. There are exceptions to this for different dragon types. For example, the Deep Dragon of the Forgotten Realms setting has a Corrosive Acid gas breath weapon, but has a Charm immunity rather than an acid immunity.
The accessory, Races of the Dragon, has information on playing a half-dragon character, making half-dragons based on other dragon types (such as the dragons of the Oriental Adventures or Forgotten Realms campaign settings or the planar dragons of the "Draconomicon"), and creating draconic creatures (which have some amount of dragon blood in their family, but not a dragon parent).
Landwyrm.
In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, landwyrms are wingless, predatory cousins of dragons. They lack the breath weapons that are a signature of true dragons. They have some basic similarities to wurms, such as different species inhabiting certain environments, and neither having wings. However, landwyrms have legs, unlike wurms.
Linnorm.
In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, linnorms are ancient, primeval cousins of dragons. Linnorms lack wings and hind legs, making them more serpentine than true dragons. All known linnorms are evil and cruel.
Linnorms are sometimes referred to as "Norse dragons".
Pseudodragon.
A pseudodragon is a small dragon-like creature in the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game. Pseudodragons are not true dragons and are stereotypically wizard's familiars.
Spawn of Tiamat.
Spawn of Tiamat are the progeny of Dragons, though not themselves of the Dragon type. They are the main object in a theme recently applied to such settings as Eberron and the Forgotten Realms, in that Tiamat, the evil patron goddess of evil dragons, is waging war against Bahamut, and the mortal races. In order for her legions to be more effective, she has tweaked with the eggs of her Dragon minions to produce all manner of bizarre draconic creatures suited to special roles in the war, such as assassination, bodyguarding, elite shock trooping, and aerial/aquatic support.
Spawn of Tiamat are created by all manner of experiments and rituals and such upon the eggs, come in all shapes and sizes and forms, are of varying intelligence levels, perform all manner of roles, and are basically the most varied members of dragonkind. All however, are descended from true dragons serving Tiamat, and are fiercely loyal to both her and their parents. Spawn of Tiamat are named according to the color they and their parent are of, followed by the word spawn, and then the type of spawn they are. The creatures are the key elements in the Monster Manual IV, and the recent War of the Dragon Queen D&D miniatures pack. Below is a list of the known types of spawn of Tiamat, and a brief description of each:
Blackspawn Raider.
These are created in large hordes to act like draconic ogres, minotaurs, orcs, goblins, lizardfolk and such. They gather in groups at camps on the fringes of civilization, and occasionally raid against a town or village. They look like wingless, orc-sized, humanoid black dragons with minotaur-like horns. They are often depicted with large swords or axes.
Blackspawn Stalker.
These resemble spider-like black dragons. They have two sets of horns, razor-sharp teeth, 6 eyes, 8 legs, bloated abdomens, no wings, and two tails which can weave silk.
Bluespawn Ambusher.
These perform, as their name suggests, the role of ambushing people. They lurk beneath the sand of their desert homes, or on top of a rock, and then leap forward like a pouncing lion and kill victims with their horn, claws, and lightning attacks. They resemble medium, wingless blue Dragons with leonine bodies. They have huge front legs for attacking, and long, muscular back legs for leaping.
Bluespawn Burrower.
These resemble marmot-like, wingless Blue dragons with enormous front legs, paws and claws. As their name implies, their role is digging and tunneling.
Bluespawn Godslayer.
These are designed for slaying Tiamat's most powerful foes and adversaries. They are created from the placing of her blessing upon one of her most trusted blue Dragon lieutenants. They resemble giant, wingless, humanoid blue Dragons who always carry a huge blade and an arm-length shield made from a Dragon's skull. They are very intelligent, extremely strong, and fanatically loyal behemoths. They are probably the most famous of the Spawn of Tiamat.
Bluespawn Stormlizard.
These resemble wingless blue dragon-like rhinoceri. From their stubby front horn, they can cast lightning so powerful it can, as the creature's name suggests, create storms.
Greenspawn Leaper.
These resemble fiendish, sugarglider-like green dragons. They have web-like wings between their limbs, and they specialize in leaping from trees, gliding, and ambushing victims from above.
Greenspawn Razorfiend.
These resemble lanky, crested, humanoid green Dragons with wings growing from their arms and fingers the way those of a bat do. They live in swampy forests.
Greenspawn Sneak.
These specialize in assassination, sabotage, spying and the like. They resemble tiny, very silent and stealthy, wingless, humanoid green dragons. They are often depicted with twin blades, and black leather armor.
Redspawn Arcaniss.
These are the spellcasters of the spawn of Tiamat. They are extremely skilled at casting magic and spells, particularly ones associated with fire. They resemble humanoid, wingless red Dragons with crested, spiked heads and tails. They are depicted with spiked body armor, and a bronze, mace-like wand.
Redspawn Firebelcher.
These resemble large, chubby, round, short-tailed wingless red dragons with bloated stomachs. They dwell in the lairs of true red dragons, and bask on the banks of pools of molten lava the way seals do on beaches. They attack, as their name suggests, by inhaling heat from the air, and then belching it out in enormous blasts of flame.
Whitespawn Berserker.
These resemble fiendish, lanky, jointed, wingless, alien-like white Dragons. As their name suggests, they specialize in fighting with two weapons, usually a pair of spiked, serrated whips.
Whitespawn Hordeling.
These specialize in overwhelming opponents. They resemble small, wingless, monkey-like white dragons who carry twin weapons and breath shards of ice. They always travel in huge groups, which attack in unison.
Whitespawn Iceskidder.
These resemble bluish-white dracotaurs with claws like skis and sail-like wings attached to their arms. As their name suggests, they specialize in traveling on ice, using their claws as skates and their wings for direction. 

</doc>
<doc id="20098807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098807" title="Rosalind Solomon">
Rosalind Solomon

Rosalind Solomon is an American artist. Since Solomon began her work in the late 60s, she has devoted herself to directly confronting suffering, illness and mortality. She has been the recipient of the John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship (1979), the American Institute of Indian Studies Fellowship (1981-83) and the National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship (1989).
Solomon's work is in the collections of over 50 museums including the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Museum of Modern Art. She is represented by Bruce Silverstein. Exhibits at Bruce Silverstein Gallery have included "Ritual," which looked at different ritual practices around the world, and "Inside Out," a multimedia examination of the themes that Solomon has engaged with throughout her career, including struggle, survival, ritual and reality.
In her practice, Solomon has been motivated to interact with people dealing with difficulties that they could not control. Wherever she photographed, she wanted to avoid stereotypes and to see the raw realities of life. In 1987, she began photographing people with AIDS, meeting individuals demonized, not only by society, but by loved ones. The project resulted in the exhibition, Portraits in the Time of AIDS, 70 large prints mounted at the Grey Gallery of Art of New York University in 1988.
The University of Arizona’s Center for Creative Photography acquired her archive in 2007.
Solomon lives and works in New York.
Early Life.
Rosalind Solomon was born Rosalind Fox in Highland Park, Illinois. Her father, Vernon Fox worked in his family’s wholesale tobacco and candy jobbing business; her mother, Joell Wellman, taught flower arranging.
Education.
Solomon graduated from Highland Park High School in 1947. She attended Goucher College in Baltimore, Maryland graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science in 1951. She then sailed to Belgium and France with The Experiment in International Living.
She studied intermittently with Lisette Model from 1971 to 1977.
In 2011, Goucher College awarded Solomon the honorary degree, Doctor of Fine Arts.
Marriage.
In 1952, Solomon went on a “blind date” with Jay Solomon, a Tennessean, who was in Chicago for the Democratic Convention. Rosalind Fox and Jay Solomon attended the last night of the convention when Senator Estes Kefauver conceded to Governor Adlai Stevenson. 
Within a year, Rosalind Fox and Jay Solomon married. She moved to Chattanooga, Tennessee where her husband worked in his family’s movie theater business. When he was 32, Jay Solomon was diagnosed with polycystic kidneys, a progressive, and, at that time, a fatal disease.
Before Photography.
Later Solomon became the Southern Regional Director of the Experiment in International Living. In this capacity, she visited communities throughout the Southern United States, recruiting families to host international guests and interact with other cultures in a personal way.
In August 1963, Solomon traveled to Washington, D.C. for an interview with the Equal Employment Department of the Agency for International Development, which was then establishing a program for part-time recruiter-consultants in various regions of the United States. Solomon and a group of USAID staff including Roger Wilkins (nephew of Roy Wilkins) joined the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, during which Martin Luther King delivered his famous “I Have a Dream” speech. Subsequently, in her work for USAID, Solomon traveled to historically black colleges in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, and Tennessee where she spoke to students and faculty about overseas employment opportunities.
Photography.
Solomon's work with the Experiment in International Living brought her to Japan where she stayed with a family near Tokyo. There Solomon began to use an instamatic camera to communicate her feelings and thoughts.
Upon her return to the United States, Solomon photographed regularly. She purchased a Nikkormat in 1969 and in the garden shed she processed 35mm black and white film and printed her first pictures. In 1971, she began intermittent studies with Lisette Model during visits to New York City. By 1974 she was using a medium format camera. 
In 1975, Solomon began photographing at the Baroness Erlanger Hospital in Chattanooga, Tennessee. She photographed people recovering from operations, wounds, and illness. 
In 1977 and 1978 Solomon lived and worked in Washington where she photographed politicians and completed a series; Outside the White House. 
In 1978 and 1979, she photographed in the highlands of Guatemala. Her interest in how people cope with adversity, led her to witness a shaman’s rites and a funeral. She also made a series of pictures in Easter processions.
In 1980 she was award a Guggenheim Fellowship, recommended by John Szarkowski and Lisette Model. 
In 1980 – 1982, Solomon made several trips to Ancash, Peru. She made photographs in cemeteries where the damage of a 1970 earthquake was still apparent. She continued photographing shamans, cemeteries, funerals and other rituals. She also photographed people of a subsistence economy surviving the extremes of life through Catholic, evangelist, and indigenous rites.
With a fellowship from the American Institute of Indian Studies, in 1981 Solomon began photographing festival rites in India. She found an expression of female energy and power in the forms of the goddess figures created in the sculptors’ communities of Kolkata (Calcutta). In 1982 and 1983, she continued this work. While there, she photographed artists, including the painter, Ganesh Pyne and the filmmaker, Satyagit Ray. She also made portraits of the Dalai Lama and photographed Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
1987 - 1988, Solomon photographed people with AIDS alone and with their families and lovers. In 1988, the exhibit,
Portraits in the Time of AIDS was mounted at the Grey Gallery of Art, New York University.
In 1988, with concerns about the rise of ethnic violence in the world, she made her first trip to Poland. In 2003, she returned to work again in Poland. In 1988 Solomon’s interest in race relations and ethnic violence, took her to Northern Ireland, Zimbabwe and South Africa. She continued the project in 1989 and 1990 in Northern Ireland and South Africa. In the nineties, she visited hospitals in Yugoslavia and rehabilitation centers for victims of mines in Cambodia, and photographed victims of the American/Vietnam War near Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="20098822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098822" title="Broom Development Engineering">
Broom Development Engineering

Broom Development Engineering is a British motorcycle manufacturer, and provides research and development services to the automotive and aerospace industries. Established in 1982 by engineer, Hesketh test rider and motorcycle racer Mick Broom, the company is based at Turweston Airfield near Brackley, Northamptonshire not far from the Silverstone racing circuit and has continued to improve the Hesketh V1000 engine and frame performance as well as updating earlier motorcycles to the latest specification. It produced each year about a dozen new V1000 EN10 motorcycles which were the V1000 with oil cooling improvements including an oil radiator to cool the rear cylinder. It has also produced fifty Hesketh Vampire tourers to customer specifications. Mick Broom put the Hesketh business up for sale in September 2008. The Hesketh motorcycle side of Broom Development Engineering was taken over by Mr Paul Sleeman who relocated the business south of London and intends to continue the improvements to the present models, with back-up and spares to present Hesketh owners and in time introduce new models. 

</doc>
<doc id="20098823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098823" title="ZESCO">
ZESCO

Zambia Electricity Supply Corporation Limited (ZESCO) is a state-owned power company in Zambia. It is Zambia's largest power company producing about 80% of the electricity consumed in the country. ZESCO represents Zambia in the Southern African Power Pool.
Operations.
The company owns 7 hydropower stations with a combined capacity of 1,752 MW and one thermal power plants of 8 MW resulting a total installed capacity of 1,760 MW for ZESCO. The company also has power distribution and transmission lines of 9,975 km.
Currently a new station at the Itezhi-Tezhi Dam with 120 MW capacity is due in 2013.
Limitations.
The national grid in Zambia only extends to some parts of the country.
For example, it ends from the Ikelenge area around Kalene Hill in the extreme northwest, and as of 2008 ZESCO had no plans to provide power to this remote area.
In response, some small-scale private operations have been established such as the Zengamina 700KW hydro generator.
The Energy Regulation Board is encouraging private investment in hydro power generation in view of the power deficit.

</doc>
<doc id="20098837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098837" title="Paul Hodgson (baseball)">
Paul Hodgson (baseball)

Paul Joseph Dennis Hodgson (born April 14, 1960) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. After being signed on his 17th birthday by the Toronto Blue Jays as an amateur free agent in , he played his entire career in their organization. He played in 20 games in the major leagues in at the age of 20, and after three more seasons in the minors his professional baseball career was over at the age of 23.

</doc>
<doc id="20098856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098856" title="HMS Plucky">
HMS Plucky

Four vessels of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Plucky":

</doc>
<doc id="20098876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098876" title="Antonov A-2">
Antonov A-2

__NOTOC__
The Antonov A-2 and related designs were a family of two-seat training gliders produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s and 40s, all derived from the single-seat Antonov A-1 family. They were produced in large numbers, with at least 2,300 built by 1937, and together with the single-seaters, production exceeded 7,600 by the same year. 
Like the A-1, the A-2 was a minimalist primary glider, with a conventional tail mounted on a boom and a strut-braced monoplane wing mounted parasol-fashion. However, while the single-seat primary gliders featured wings of constant chord, the two-seaters used the longer-span, tapered wings that had been developed for the soaring versions of the single-seat family (P-s1 and P-s2). The other major difference was the design of the cockpit gondola. The single-seaters had featured an aerodynamic fairing that slid on and off to provide access to the pilot's seat. The two seaters, however, had a permanently fixed cockpit pod that seated the pilot and instructor in tandem, open cockpits, each with a small windscreen The rear cockpit was located directly beneath the wing and was accessed via a door on the portside of the gondola. Apart from the change in gondola, all other components remained interchangeable with the Ps-2
Variants.
In each case, the "s" stands for "serii" (серии – "series")
"Uchebnyi" (Учебный – "Trainer")

</doc>
<doc id="20098878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098878" title="The Beep Seals">
The Beep Seals

The Beep Seals were an English psychedelic indie rock band from Manchester.
Career.
The Beep Seals were formed in 2006 by Alfie guitarist Ian Smith, Jack Cooper, Phil Anderson and Milo Scaglioni. They began working on demos after touring with Jim Noir in support of his "Tower of Love" album as his backing band. In October 2006, the band played their first gig (a tribute to the recently deceased Syd Barrett) drafting in drummer Jay Sikora. Milo Scaglioni left in 2007, and in 2008 joined a band from his native Italy, Jennifer Gentle Before the recording of the band's debut album, former Alfie bassist Sam Morris joined the band.
In April 2007, the Beep Seals recorded their first single, "Tell Your Friends" / "I Used To Work At The Zoo", which was released on vinyl via Kings & Creature Recordings. After their second release on London's Heron Recordings, "Stars" / "Chariot Song", the band began work on their debut album, "Things That Roar" which was released in the UK on Heron Recordings and in Japan on Kurofune Records. 
In support of "Things That Roar", The Beep Seals supported and toured with Jarvis Cocker, Dead Meadow, Teenage Fanclub, The Fall, The Ting Tings, British Sea Power, Vetiver, Camera Obscura and Acid Mothers Temple.
It was announced on 1 April 2009 via the band's MySpace that the band had split up. The final gig was set for May in Glasgow at Beepfest - a festival set around the band, but this was cancelled at the last minute.

</doc>
<doc id="20098883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098883" title="Mashed Potato Time">
Mashed Potato Time

"Mashed Potato Time" is a single performed by Dee Dee Sharp from her debut album "It's Mashed Potato Time". The song reached No. 1 on the U.S. R&B chart in 1962. The song references the Mashed Potato dance move which was a fad at the time. The song was one of several that came out at that time, for example (Do the) Mashed Potatoes in 1960. In 1996 the Campbell Soup Company used the song in a $30 million advertizing campaign and commissioned a new, more upbeat recording from Dee Dee Sharp.

</doc>
<doc id="20098891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098891" title="Boloria bellona">
Boloria bellona

The Meadow Fritillary ("Boloria bellona") is a North American butterfly in the brushfoot family, Nymphalidae. The common name, Meadow Fritillary, is also used for a European butterfly species, "Melitaea parthenoides".
Description.
"For a key to the terms used see Lepidopteran glossary"
The upper side of the wings is yellow-orange with dark spots, lines, and zigzagged bands. The fore wing is squared off just below the apex. A dark border on the hind wing margin is lacking on most individuals. It has long palps. The underside of the wings are mottled with orange and purplish-brown. There is a yellowish band that runs across the center of the hind wing. It lacks the silver spots most lesser fritillaries have. The fore wing is smudged with orange and brown near the apex. The wingspan of the Meadow Fritillary is 3.5 - 5.1 cm (1 3/8 - 2 inches).
Similar Species.
Similar species in the Meadow Fritillary's range include the Silver-bordered Fritillary, ("Boloria selene"), the Bog Fritillary, ("Boloria eunomia"), and the Purplish Fritillary, ("Boloria chariclea").
The Silver-bordered Fritillary has rounder wings than the Meadow Fritillary, has a dark hind wing margin border, and has silver spots on the underside of the hind wing.
The Bog Fritillary is a bit smaller than the Meadow Fritillary, its wing bases are hairy, and on the underside of the hind wing are a series of bands and patches which are rust-red, yellow, and white.
The Purplish Fritillary is also a bit smaller than the Meadow Fritillary, and the underside of the hind wings are a deep, rusty red.
Habitat.
The Meadow Fritillary is frequently encountered in wet, open places, including pastures, fields, and streamsides.
Life cycle.
The female is the active flight partner. Females deposit greenish-yellow eggs near the host plant on twigs or leaves. Mature larvae are gray and black with small, light colored spines. The chrysalis is yellow-brown. The Meadow Fritillary overwinters as a larva. It has 1–2 broods per year.
Host Plants.
Here are a list of host plants used by the Meadow Fritillary:

</doc>
<doc id="20098914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098914" title="Moss Avis">
Moss Avis

Moss Avis is a local newspaper in Moss, Norway. Having a rivalry with "Moss Dagblad", it is published six days a week. The chief editor is Pål Enghaug.
It was established in 1876, and became affiliated with the Liberal Party. It later shifted to the right before becoming non-partisan. It was originally published three times a week, but this was expanded to six times in 1931. It changed to tabloid format in 1989, and launched its Internet site in 1999. Between 1998 and 2008 it was published seven times a week.
In addition to Moss, the newspaper covers Rygge, Råde, Våler, Son and Hobøl. It has a circulation of 14,979, of whom 14,703 are subscribers. It is owned by Mediehuset Østfold, which is owned 99.3% by Edda Media.

</doc>
<doc id="20098949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098949" title="Auchterless railway station">
Auchterless railway station

Auchterless railway station was a railway station in Auchterless, Aberdeenshire. It served a settlement known as Kirkton of Auchterless.
History.
Opened by the Banff, Macduff and Turriff Junction Railway, then part of the Great North of Scotland Railway it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20098952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098952" title="Mahudi">
Mahudi

Mahudi is a village in Mansa taluka of Gandhinagar district, Gujarat, India situated on the bank of Sabarmati river. It is a pilgrimage centre of Jains and other communities visiting temple of Jain deity, Ghantakarna Mahavir and Padmaprabhu Jain Temple.
Mahudi Jain temple.
Mahudi Jain Temple was established by Jain monk, Buddhisagar Suri in 1917 CE ( Magshar Sudi 6, "Vikram Samvat" 1974). There is an inscription in the Brahmi script of it. The foundation stone was laid in 1916 CE on land donated by Vadilal Kalidas Vora. He along with Punamchand Lallubhai Shah, Kankkuchand Narsidas Mehta and Himmatlal Hakamchand Mehta became trustees of trust established to manage the temple. The 22 inch marble idol of Padmaprabh as a central deity was installed. The separate shrine dedicated to protector deity, Ghantakarna Mahavir was also established. Guru Mandir, a shrine dedicated to Buddhisagar Suri was established later.
Devotees offer "sukhadi", a sweet to Ghantakarna Mahavir. After offering, it is consumed by devotees within the temple complex. Tradition forbids the carrying away of such offerings outside premises.
Important event.
Every year, on "Kali Chaudas" (the fourteenth day of the dark half of the month of Aso), thousands of devotees visit the temple to attend a religious ceremony, "Havan".

</doc>
<doc id="20098953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098953" title="Hu County">
Hu County

Hu County or Huxian () is a county in Xi'an, Shaanxi, China, which has a population of about 578 thousand. It has an area of , containing 11 towns and 5 townships.To the south of the county are the Qin Mountains and north is Weihe River.There are all together 36 rivers running through the area feeding into the water table resulting in a very fertile land.There are 55 acres of arable land, 52.4 acres of land covered by forests. The region also has an abundance of various minerals such as gold, silver, copper, iron, limestone, marble etc. In 2010 the county's GDP reached 100 billion yuan, about 2000 dollars US per capita.
The county has an rich history dating back more than 2000 years. In 1964 the changed the name of the county to Hu County . The phonetics of the name did not change simply the character. The popular farmer's folk art shows the county's natural beauty. They are mainly depiction of life as a farmer, everything from planting the seeds to the harvest. The paintings represent the people's positive outlook on life and is an important part of the culture.
The county has a male population of 303.4 thousand and female population of 274.6 thousand, hence a male to female ratio of about 1.1:1. The rural population takes up the majority of the population of the county at 477.4 thousand while the urban population comes in at 100.6 thousand.With the percentages coming to 86.45% and 16.55% respectively. The population density is 477 people per square kilometer with great discrepancies between the rural and urban areas, some times up to 3400 down to 11 per square kilometer.There are 21 ethnic groups within the county with Han being the largest at about 99.88%.
The county enjoys a warm tropical climate free of extreme temperatures.With an average temperature of around 13.3 degrees Celsius. The most pleasant months are in the spring between the month of March and May and also in the autumn from September to November. The winters are cold but not excessive with an average of -1 degrees in January. The summers are warm and dry with most of the precipitation coming in the autumn.
Wide variety of wildlife live in the area, including takin, a nationally protected animal and pheasant also an endangered species. There are 340 kinds of medicinal herbs,such as iris, aggregata, Bupleurum, Tianma, honeysuckle, Fritillaria, Schisandra, etc., Hu County in Shaanxi Province is one of the main origins of aggregata.

</doc>
<doc id="20098963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098963" title="Anshe Sholom B'nai Israel">
Anshe Sholom B'nai Israel

Anshe Sholom B'nai Israel (Hebrew for: "People of Peace" followed by "Children of Israel") is a Modern Orthodox congregation located in the Lakeview neighborhood on the north side of Chicago, Illinois. Asher Lopatin is the rabbi. 
Its street address is 540 West Melrose, Chicago, Illinois 60657.
History.
The congregation was founded in 1870 as Ohave Sholom (Lovers of Peace) by a group of families primarily from Mariampol, Lithuania. The congregation is considered to be the oldest Orthodox congregation still existing in Chicago. 
Anshe Sholom Bnai Israel Congregation began its long record of service to Chicago's Jews with a fight over a hat. 
One hot day in the summer of 1870, Duber (Dov Ber) Ginsburg, an immigrant from Mariampol, Lithuania, appeared for services at the Bais Medrash Hagodol synagogue wearing a straw hat, but the leaders of the shul took exception to its frivolity and threw him out. Offended, Ginsburg assembled a minyan from his old-country friends, and founded a competing shul, Ohave Sholom Mariampol, at Polk and Dearborn Streets. 
Barely a year later, the Great Chicago Fire drove many homeless Jews into their neighborhood, and membership grew rapidly. In 1892, the congregation merged with the Anshe Kalvarier shul (whose building had been demolished when 12th Street, now Roosevelt Road, was widened) and adopted the name, "Anshe Sholom Congregation." In 1894, they retained their first Rabbi, Abraham Samuel Braude zt"l, who served until his death in 1907, and the shul took its place in the top rank of Chicago Jewry. It was long known unofficially as "the Mariampoler Shul" and also informally as "the Straw Hat Shul."
In 1910, two great events occurred: the congregation brought Rabbi Saul Silber zt"l to Chicago, and moved west into a new shul building at Polk and Ashland; a magnificent domed building by Chicago architect Alexander Levy. However, the Jewish community was moving farther west into the Lawndale district, and the Ashland neighborhood soon dried up. So they opened a branch on Homan Avenue and during the 1920s, sold the Ashland Avenue structure to a Greek Orthodox Christian congregation which still functions to this day. They soon built a grand new edifice at Independence and Polk. In that era, the West Side was called "Little Jerusalem," and Jewish life enjoyed a golden age of growth, vigor and prosperity. It was also at this time that Rabbi Silber helped to establish the Hebrew Theological College and served without salary as its first President, while continuing his leadership of Anshe Sholom until his death in 1946.
In the late 1930s, a group of members saw the potential of bringing their kind of open, welcoming Orthodoxy to the North Side, where congregations of other kinds had been thriving since 1910. They began a branch called "Lakeview Anshe Sholom Center," and opened in 1940 in a converted greystone residence at 540 West Melrose Street. As the branch grew, the members hired a young Hebrew teacher, Rabbi Herman Davis zt"l, and quickly elevated him to the position of Rabbi of the congregation in 1945. More than anyone else, it was Rabbi Davis who made the Lakeview experiment a success, and built the shul into a respected center of Orthodox worship, communal life and education.
Although Rabbi Davis began early to raise funds for the construction of a permanent synagogue building, he and the congregation decided to put education first, and instead saw to the construction of the school building which has since become the property of the Florence Heller JCC, directly east of Anshe Sholom. Only after this was finished was the present shul erected and dedicated, in 1959.
Two more mergers brought the congregation to its present status. In 1960, the last few members of Congregation Bnai Israel gave up on Old Town, ceased operations in the 1300 block of Sedgwick Street, and the shul became "Lakeview Anshe Sholom Bnai Israel." Two years later, the long postwar decline of the Old West Side brought an end to the main Anshe Sholom Congregation on Independence Boulevard, and it too merged, creating the present shul's name.
After Rabbi Davis' death in 1975, the Congregation retained Rabbi Joseph Deitcher zt"l, whose able service consolidated Rabbi Davis' achievements, and proved that Anshe Sholom Bnai Israel Congregation is not the work of any one person, but rather the expression of the faith and devotion of a like-minded community which upholds Orthodox belief and practice, while confidently engaging with the modern world. After Rabbi Deitcher's death in 1994, Rabbi Asher Lopatin was brought in to be the congregation's spiritual leader.

</doc>
<doc id="20098974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098974" title="List of U.S. Air Force acronyms and expressions">
List of U.S. Air Force acronyms and expressions

This is a list of initials, acronyms, expressions, euphemisms, jargon, military slang, and sayings in common or formerly common use in the United States Air Force. Many of the words or phrases have varying levels of acceptance among different units or communities, and some also have varying levels of appropriateness (usually dependent on how senior the user is in rank). Many terms also have equivalents among other service branches that are not acceptable amongst Marines, but are comparable in meaning. Many acronyms and terms have come into common use from voice procedure use over communication channels, translated into the NATO phonetic alphabet, or both.
The scope of this list is to include words and phrases that are unique to or predominantly used by the United States Air Force. For other military slang lists, see the "See also" section.

</doc>
<doc id="20098999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20098999" title="Hothersall">
Hothersall

Hothersall is a civil parish in the Ribble Valley district, in Lancashire, England. The parish, which is on the north bank of the River Ribble, is rural and contains no major villages, and in the 2001 census had a population of 136. It is approximately north-east of Preston, and has boundaries with Longridge to the north and west, and Ribchester to the east.
Hothersall Hall, situated in the south of the parish, was the home of the Hothersall family from as early as the 12th century until it was sold in the 18th century; the hall was demolished in the 1850s and replaced by a house built in the Gothic style that now stands on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20099011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099011" title="Moss Dagblad">
Moss Dagblad

Moss Dagblad was a local newspaper in Moss, Norway and was second largest in the city behind "Moss Avis", it was published three days a week where the chief editor was Morten Øby.
The paper was established in 1912 as "Moss Socialdemokrat", being affiliated with the Labour Party. It changed its name to "Folkets Blad" in 1923. In 1927 it absorbed the Social Democratic "Moss Arbeiderblad", and continued under the name "Moss og Omegn Arbeiderblad". In 1957 it absorbed the Ski-based Labour newspaper "Follo", and from 1960 it continued under the name "Moss Dagblad". It later became an independent paper.
It changed to tabloid format in 1980 and launched a Sunday newspaper in 1998, but the Sunday edition lasted only for one year. In 2001 the number of issues per week was cut from six to three.
In addition to Moss, the newspaper covered Våler and Vestby. In 1983 it had a circulation of only 2,917, which increased to 6,937 in 2004. In 2008 it had a circulation of 5,648, of whom 5,551 were subscribers. Moss Avis was published by "Moss Dagblad AS", which was owned 100% by A-pressen.

</doc>
<doc id="20099040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099040" title="Leonard J. Marcus">
Leonard J. Marcus

Dr. Leonard J. Marcus (born 1952 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is founding Co-Director of the National Preparedness Leadership Initiative (NPLI), a joint program of the Harvard School of Public Health (HSPH) and the John F. Kennedy School of Government. In recent years, Marcus' research, teaching, and consultation have played a key role in national and international terrorism preparedness and emergency response. He also serves as Lecturer on Public Health Practice and Director, Program for Health Care Negotiation and Conflict Resolution at the Harvard School of Public Health. He is considered a pioneer in the field of health care negotiation and conflict resolution. Additionally, he serves on the faculty of Health Sciences at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel.
Work.
Preparedness and Emergency Response.
At the NPLI, an initiative developed in collaboration with leadership of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the White House Homeland Security Council, the United States Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Defense, Marcus, along with colleagues Isaac Ashkenazi and Barry Dorn, has pioneered development of the conceptual and pragmatic basis for "meta-leadership"- "overarching leadership that strategically links the work of different agencies and levels of government", and "connectivity" – the coordination of "people, organizations, resources, and information to best catch, contain, and control a terrorist or other threat to the public's health and well-being".
Recent research activities have taken him to the center of leadership dilemmas facing emergency preparedness and response, from direct observation and in-the-moment interviews of central leadership during the 2005 Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on the Gulf Coast to the front lines of the Hezbollah-Israel war in 2006. His article, "Meta-Leadership and National Emergency Preparedness: A Model to Build Government Connectivity" has garnered significant attention. He is leading a five-year CDC project at Harvard and a three-year project with the CDC Foundation to take meta-leadership training to 36 locations throughout the country. At the invitation of the President's Advisor on Homeland Security and Counterterrorism, he has lectured at the White House on meta-leadership to a cross section of senior federal department officials.
Healthcare Negotiation and Conflict Resolution.
Prior to being recruited by the federal government following 9/11, Marcus' primary work was in health care negotiation and conflict resolution. Dr. Marcus is founding Director of the Program for Health Care Negotiation and Conflict Resolution at HSPH. He is lead author of the primary text in the field, "Renegotiating Health Care: Resolving Conflict to Build Collaboration". The book was selected as co-recipient of the Center for Public Resources Institute for Dispute Resolution 1995 "Book Prize Award for Excellence in Alternative Dispute Resolution". In 1994, he co-authored "Mediating Bioethical Disputes: A Practical Guide". He has written for "Newsweek", "The Boston Globe", the AMNews as well as a number of scholarly journals. A second edition of the book, co-authored with Barry Dorn and Eric McNulty, was released in June, 2011.
Marcus has directed numerous projects intended to advance development of the negotiation, collaborative problem solving, and conflict resolution field applied to health related issues. At the Harvard School of Public Health, he has received funding support from, among others, William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the National Institute for Dispute Resolution, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to develop a curriculum, research agenda, and conceptual and applied framework for the field. Dr. Marcus’ research interests have included: implications of conflict in health care services; the uses of mediation for resolving health disputes; and the contributions of conflict resolution to error prevention and patient safety. He collaborated with the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine to develop the Voluntary Mediation Program, the first initiative of its kind to mediate medical practice disputes directly between patients and physicians
Marcus has developed a number of practical applications of mediation and conflict resolution. He has consulted to, trained, or provided executive coaching to leading health care organizations, including Kaiser-Permanente Health Plan, Beth Israel-Deaconess Medical Center (Boston), and the American Medical Association. In 1992, he co-founded Health Care Negotiation Associates (HCNA), a national consulting, mediating, and training organization. His has lectured across North America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean.
Personal.
Marcus currently lives in Brookline, Massachusetts, USA. His son, Jeremy S. Marcus, lives in Washington, D.C. and works for the federal government.

</doc>
<doc id="20099046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099046" title="1986 Miami Dolphins season">
1986 Miami Dolphins season

The 1986 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 21st as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 12–4, winning only eight games. This was the first time in six seasons the team did not qualify for the playoffs. This was also the team's final season at the Orange Bowl before moving into their new stadium Joe Robbie Stadium the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="20099047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099047" title="Ian Harland">
Ian Harland

The Right Reverend Ian Harland (born on 19 December 1932 - 27 December 2008) was a Church of England cleric, serving as Anglican Bishop of Lancaster then Bishop of Carlisle.
Life.
From a clerical family (Samuel Harland, general secretary of the Commonwealth and Continental Church Society, was his father), Harland was educated at The Dragon School in Oxford and Haileybury. He then went to university at Peterhouse College, Cambridge, taking a law degree. After two years as a schoolmaster at Sunningdale School he studied for the priesthood at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford and began his ministry as a curate in Melton Mowbray in 1960.
He was subsequently Vicar of three parishes in the diocese of Sheffield - Oughtibridge (1963–72), St Cuthbert at Fir Vale and Brightside (1972–75), then Rotherham (1975–79). In the last two posts he also served as Rural Dean of Ecclesfield and Archdeacon of Doncaster, and in 1967 he married Susan Hinman, with whom he had one son and three daughters. From 1979 to 1982 he served as Archdeacon of Doncaster (working closely with the bishop Stewart Cross) and chairman of that diocese's Youth Committee, arranging a youth pilgrimage to Iona.
He was elevated to the Episcopate as Bishop Suffragan of Lancaster in 1985, again under Cross (appointed Bishop of Blackburn from 1982). Translated to Carlisle four years later and entering the House of Lords in 1996 (where he was part of the pro-fox hunting Middle Way Group), he retired in 2000 to live in Gargrave (near Skipton, North Yorkshire). In retirement he continued working as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Bradford and in chaplaincy work in the Diocese of Europe, alongside being an active trustee of the Settle and Carlisle Railway Trust, until his death late in December 2008. His memorial service, conducted by the Dean of Carlisle took place on 8 February 2009 in Carlisle Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20099048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099048" title="Associators">
Associators

Associators were members of a Military Association, more commonly known as a militia. 
Philadelphia Associators.
During King Georges War, Benjamin Franklin, in 1747, wrote and published the pamphlet, "Plain Truth", calling for a voluntary association to defend Philadelphia. This was in line with his earlier formation of volunteer fire-companies. This organization was formed and approved by the Council and the officers would be commissioned by the Council President. The 111th Infantry Regiment (United States) traces their lineage to these Associators. In 1755 these groups were re-established in response to Braddock's Defeat and they were again started as revolutionary groups in 1776 before being renamed the Pennsylvania Militia in the following year.
Loyalist Associators.
Loyalist irregulars who fought with the British in the American Revolutionary War were also known as Associators. They received no pay, and often no uniforms; they were usually issued provisions, but relied on labor or looting to earn money.
Loyalist Associators often served in mixed-race units, composed of whites, escaped slaves, and even American Indians.
Perhaps the most famous Associator was Colonel Tye; the first (depending on your definition) black officer in North American military history.
Associator units included:
These units were sometimes commissioned by the commander in chief, but could also be commissioned by the commander of a garrison or even a governor.
References.
http://www.royalprovincial.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20099063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099063" title="Ice Cream (song)">
Ice Cream (song)

"Ice Cream", released in 1995, is the third solo single by Wu-Tang Clan rapper Raekwon, from his debut studio album "Only Built 4 Cuban Linx..." (1995). 
The song features Method Man in the intro, chorus and outro, Ghostface Killah in the first verse, and Cappadonna in the third, though none of them are officially credited on the single. 
The B-side of the single is "Incarcerated Scarfaces" and was featured in the soundtrack of the video game "" (2005). 
Both songs were included on the compilation album "The RZA Hits" (1999).
Lauryn Hill later sampled "Ice Cream" on her song "I Used to Love Him", from her album "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill".
The Game later remixed "Ice Cream" with his "Can't Understand" freestyle in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20099083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099083" title="Lammie Robertson">
Lammie Robertson

Archibald Lamond Robertson, also known as Lammie Robertson, (born 27 September 1947 in Paisley) is a retired Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Burnley, Bury, Halifax Town, Brighton & Hove Albion, Exeter City, Leicester City, Peterborough United and Bradford City.
His last Football League appearance was for Bradford City against Torquay United on 13 September 1980.
After his playing career finished he became an independent financial advisor and scout for Sheffield United.

</doc>
<doc id="20099091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099091" title="Islamic interlace patterns">
Islamic interlace patterns

Geometric interlacing patterns are a subcategory of Islamic pattern and ornament. They can be considered a particular type of arabesque which developed from the rich interlace patterning of the Byzantine Empire, and Coptic art. One of the first Western studies of the subject was E. H. Hankin's "The Drawing of Geometric Patterns in Saracenic Art", published in "Memoirs of the Archaeological Societry of India" in 1925. 
...the intricate interlacings common in later medieval Islamic art, are already prefigured in Umayyad architecture revetments: in floor mosaics, window grilles, stone and stucco carvings and wall paintings(Khirbat al-Mafjar, Qusayr'Amra, Qasr al-Hayr al-Gharbi etc.), and in the decoration of a whole group of early east Iranian, eighth- to tenth-century metal objects.
Examples of geometric interlacing can also be found in Arabic calligraphy, particularly designs made in the Square Kufic style.
Owen Jones, in his catalog for the "Crystal Palace" exhibition, wrote about the decorative art found in Alhambra, where much of the art work consists of interwoven designs, that:
The grace and refinement of Greek ornament is here surpassed. Possessing, equally with the Greeks, an appreciation of pure form, the Moors exceeded them in variety and imagination. 
E. H. Hankin, in his book "The Drawing of Geometric Patterns in Saracenic Art", takes the view that the artists who created these designs used a method based on the use of the compass and the straight edge. This view is supported by the majority of contemporary authorities on the subject, such as Keith Critchlow in his book, "Islamic Patterns: An Analytical and Cosmological Approach". This explains how ornamented objects as varied in size as a book or a mosque, were treated by artists using the same geometric methods adopted to the size and nature of the object being ornamented.
On the other hand Owen Jones, in "The Grammar of Ornament", describes a method whereby this type of interlace ornament is, instead, designed based on a foundation of geometric grids, with the same foundational grids re-drawn to the size of the object.

</doc>
<doc id="20099100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099100" title="2008 Challenge Tour">
2008 Challenge Tour

The 2008 Challenge Tour was a series of golf tournaments known as the Challenge Tour, the official development tour run by the PGA European Tour. The tour was started as the Satellite Tour in 1986 and was renamed the Challenge Tour ready for the start of the 1990 season.
The Challenge Tour Rankings was won by England's David Horsey.
Tournament schedule.
The table below shows the 2008 Challenge Tour schedule. The season started in November 2007 and was made up of 33 tournaments played in Europe, Latin America, East Africa and Central Asia.
The numbers in brackets after winners' names indicate the player's total number of wins on the Challenge Tour including that event. No-one accumulates many wins on the Challenge Tour because success at this level soon leads to promotion to the European Tour.
Rankings.
"For full rankings, see 2008 Challenge Tour graduates."

</doc>
<doc id="20099106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099106" title="Henry Lynn">
Henry Lynn

Henry Lynn (born July 21, 1895 – August 25, 1984) was a film director, screenwriter, and producer, who concentrated on Yiddish life and culture in the United States, early twentieth century, (1932–1939), the era of Yiddish film in America. Lynn was an innovator in sound technology, frequently commissioned original music, and he used popular radio and opera stars Boris Thomashefsky, Esther Field, and Seymour Rechzeit, as well as New York stage actors like Celia Adler.
Biography.
Henry Lynn was born in the region of Białystok, then Russian Empire, now in Poland. Frustrated by difficulties of obtaining an education in Białystok, he emigrated to America, arriving in Boston in 1912. Initially, he taught languages in Boston and suburbs, Dorchester, Lynn, and Revere. Soon he moved to New York City where he taught Hebrew and Russian, then became a film producer/director/writer, 1932-1939. During WWII Lynn created a business to manufacture plastic products for the war effort, and he was a news commentator on Yiddish Radio station, WEVD. Henry Lynn is survived by his daughter, Lila Lynn, who appeared as a child actress in his 1938 film, "The Power of Life". Lynn's wife, Kitty Cooperman, also appeared in "The Power of Life".
Career.
From 1932 to 1939, Lynn was writer and/or producer/director of at least 10 Yiddish films, emphasizing family life and the challenges to traditional values. He directed 9 Yiddish films. The first two: "The Intolerance of 1933" (1933), and "The Youth of Russia" (1934), are documentaries and contain rare footage of historical events, e.g., labor union marches in New York City in the early 1930s.
Lynn was an innovator, implementing Joseph Seiden's new sound technology in "The Unfortunate Bride", his 1932 remake of silent film, "Broken Hearts" (1926). Lynn included Hebrew dubbing in "Shir Hashirim" by Tel Aviv exhibitor Ya'acov Davidon and produced some short films for theatrical shows. One example is, "Papirossen" by radio star Herman Yablokoff. This theatrical play was based on a current hit song, "Papirosn". Lynn's short 15-minute film featured Sidney Lumet, as an 11-year old cigarette vendor. The play and short film were booked into the Bronx McKinley Square Theatre in 1935. This was one of Henry Lynn's most unusual productions.
Henry Lynn and Joseph Green, a contemporary Yiddish actor and film producer/director, collaborated and distributed "Bar Mitzvah" (1935) in Europe, notably Poland, where it was playing in 1937 in Warsaw with another film, "Green Light" with Errol Flynn. Boris Thomashefsky, a popular opera singer and actor at the time, was a co-producer and starred in the film. He sang in Lynn's film, as he had in the earlier 1924 play, "Bar Mitzvah", a hit song, "Erlekh Zayn" (Be Virtuous).
During World War II Henry Lynn and Joseph Seiden suspended their film careers and became defense contractors to assist the war effort. Lynn founded a small plastic products manufacturing company to produce equipment for the Allies war efforts.
Casting.
Many of Lynn's films used popular theatre actors of the era: opera singer/actor, Boris Thomashefsky, actor and director, Sidney Lumet, Celia Adler, Morris Strassberg, Dora Weissman, actor/singer, Seymour Rechzeit, Michal Michalesko, and the popular radio star Esther Field. The production companies were Lynn Productions, Menorah, Empire Films, S & L Films, Sov-Am Films, Judea Films and Apex Films. Jack Stillman was the musical director of most of Lynn’s films, several of which had excellent original compositions by Joseph Rumshinsky, Art Shryer, Ludwig Satz, and William Mercur. Original composition was featured in Shir Hashirim, (Songs of Songs). Lynn made effective use of music to heighten the emotional drama of his films.
Availability.
The National Center for Jewish Film at Brandeis University and the Museum of Modern Art in New York City have copies of some of these films. DVD and VHS copies of "Mothers of Today", "Where is my Child" and "Bar Mitzvah" are available from TCM, Brandeis, Ergo, and Israel-Store. "The Intolerance of 1933" is available from Glenn Studio, EmGee Films, Reseda, California.
Critical appraisal.
"Mothers of Today" was reviewed in 1939 by "Film Daily":
Heavy tragedy, which seems to be an essential basis of all Yiddish dramas, is done to a turn in this new film and it should please the dyed-in-the-wool Yiddish fans. [...], the film has considerable merit. Cast members, with the exception of the talented Esther Field, were recruited from the stage for their initial appearance on the screen, and they give Miss Field adequate support. Henry Lynn directs the film feelingly.
"Shir Hashirim" was reviewed in 1935 by "The New York Times":
At the Acme Theatre.
H. T. S.
Published: October 11, 1935
Just for a change the Little Acme Theatre on Union Square is running a home-made Yiddish talking and singing film instead of an importation from the Soviet Union.
Carrying the rather imposing name "Shir Hashirim" (Song of Songs) and done by popular East Side actors, headed by Samuel Goldenberg (who has appeared in English shows on Broadway), the picture belongs to the highly sentimental mixture of tragedy and comedy which still has an appeal for some seekers of entertainment. With due allowance for circumstances, it must be admitted that Mr. Goldenberg is effective as the middle-aged composer striving to resist the charms of a designing young female (Merele Gruber) who furnishes the inspiration for his new opera "Shir Hashirim." Dora Weissman is competent as his faithful, forgiving wife. The younger actors lend efficient support. The honors for intended humor go to Messrs. Dubinsky and Wendorff as the twin grandfathers.
. . . the spoken dialogue is accompanied by English titles.
SHIR HASHIRIM, a dialogue film in Yiddish, with Samuel Goldenberg, Dora Weissman, Max Kletter, Merele Gruber, Seymour Rechtzeit, Yudel Dubinsky and Ruben Wendorff; music by Joseph Rumshinsky; directed and produced by Henry Lynn.

</doc>
<doc id="20099156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099156" title="Demokraten">
Demokraten

Demokraten is a local newspaper in Fredrikstad, Norway. Second in its city behind "Fredriksstad Blad", it is published three days a week. The chief editor is Tomm Pentz Pedersen .
It was established in 1906 as "Smaalenenes Social-Demokrat", being affiliated with the Labour Party. Its founder and editor until 1909 was Hans Andreas Hanssen. In 1921, when the Social Democratic Labour Party broke away from the Labour Party, "Smaalenenes Social-Demokrat" followed the new party. In 1927 the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled with the Labour Party, and the two parties again became one. The name "Demokraten" was taken in 1945, and the newspaper ultimately became non-partisan. In 2001, facing local competition, the number of issues per week was cut from six to five. It was later cut to three.
It has a circulation of 8,659, of whom 8,528 are subscribers.
It is published by "Demokraten AS", which is owned 100% by A-pressen.

</doc>
<doc id="20099168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099168" title="Yonsei">
Yonsei

Yonsei may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="20099210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099210" title="Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad">
Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad

Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad is a local newspaper in Sarpsborg, Norway. It is published six days a week. The chief editor is Bernt Frode Lyngstad.
It was established in 1929, after the demise of "Østfold Arbeiderblad", and was affiliated with the Labour Party. However, the newspaper ultimately became non-partisan. It was stopped between October 1940 and May 1945, during the German occupation of Norway.
It has a circulation of 13,595, of whom 13,345 are subscribers. It is published by the company Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad AS, which is owned 100% by A-pressen.

</doc>
<doc id="20099211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099211" title="Uniforms of the United States Armed Forces">
Uniforms of the United States Armed Forces

Each branch of the United States Armed Forces has their own uniforms and regulations regarding them.

</doc>
<doc id="20099218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099218" title="1987–88 KNVB Cup">
1987–88 KNVB Cup

The 70th edition of the KNVB Cup started on October 7, 1987. The final was played on May 12, 1988: PSV beat Roda JC 3–2 and won the cup for the fourth time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played between October 7 and 13, 1987.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 14 and 15, 1987.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on February 10, 12, 14 and March 30, 1988.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on April 13, 1988.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 26, 1988.
Final.
PSV also won the Dutch Eredivisie championship, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the European Cup, so Roda JC could play in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20099225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099225" title="Gentle Giant Moving Company">
Gentle Giant Moving Company

Gentle Giant Moving Company, Inc. is a national moving company based in Somerville, Massachusetts. The company was founded in 1980 by Larry O'Toole. In its almost 30-year existence, it has expanded from a single truck business in Massachusetts to opening offices across the United States, including New Hampshire, Rhode Island, New York, Washington, D.C., North Carolina, Washington state, and its newest office in San Francisco, California under the name Great Giant. The company won the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Small Business of the Year award in 2002. On July 1, 2008, Gentle Giant announced its further expansion by purchasing the Seattle-based residential moving company TempStore Moving Company.
Community outreach.
The company has been a continuing supporter of the Gentle Giant Rowing Club, located in Malden, Massachusetts. The club was started by former Gentle Giant movers with the financial backing of Gentle Giant Moving Company. The rowing club gives city teens a chance to learn about and compete in the sport of rowing.
Connection to rowing.
Gentle Giant was founded by Northeastern University rowers and has continued its rich tradition of supporting rowing. In the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, two former giants, Dan Walsh and Wyatt Allen, competed in the Men's Eight event, earning a bronze medal in the process. Another former giant, Matt Muffelman, earned a seat in Lightweight Men's Eight event in the 2008 World Rowing Championships, earning a gold medal in the process. Many other former giants have earned spots on various national teams, including 30 US National Team, 10 foreign national team members, and 14 Olympians, including 1984 Olympic silver medalist and Gentle Giant's crate builder Tom Kiefer. In the company's history, it has employed over 400 rowers.
Popular culture.
In 2005, Gentle Giant was selected by Al Roker Productions to be featured in a 10-episode reality TV series on the Discovery Home Channel (recently renamed the Planet Green network) called "Make Your Move". This series documented the process of moving one's home or office and the experiences associated with it, from both the customer's perspective and the mover's perspective.
In the movie "The Departed", Detective Sergeant Sullivan's girlfriend Madolyn used Gentle Giant boxes when she was packing her old apartment to move into Sullivan's apartment.

</doc>
<doc id="20099241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099241" title="Dennis Grainger">
Dennis Grainger

Dennis Grainger (5 March 1920 – 1987) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.
Career.
Born in Barnsley, Dennis Grainger began his career with South Kirby before joining Southport where his older brother Jack was an established 1st team player. He turned professional in 1938 and made his 1st team debut in the 3 games of the expunged 1939/40 season. Dennis Grainger guested for Millwall, Sheffield United, Rotherham United, Doncaster Rovers, Lincoln City and Walsall whilst in the R.A.F during World War II. He made his 2nd debut in the Football League for Leeds United in the 1st season after the war - 1946/47 (but had played in the F.A.Cup the previous season for Leeds United. Dennis Grainger to Wrexham in December 1947 and he played in the 1949/49 Welsh Cup Final. Dennis League career ended at Oldham Athletic in season 1951/52. He made a total of 138 League appearances. He finished his career with Bangor City in Wales.
Personal life.
His brother Jack and cousins Jack and Colin were also professional footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="20099249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099249" title="Geoff Pearson">
Geoff Pearson

Geoffrey Seagrave Pearson (known as Geoff; born 18 July 1951) is the current Bishop of Lancaster in the Church of England.
He was educated at St John's College, Durham. Ordained in 1974 his career began with a curacy at Kirkheaton after which he was the incumbent at the Church of the Redeemer, Blackburn and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) the Vicar of Roby. Pearson was consecrated a bishop on 2 November 2006 and installed as Bishop of Lancaster on 
A keen hillwalker, Bishop Geoffrey is married to Jean with three adult children. He has dedicated much of his ministry to the prioritisation of gospel work amongst children and young people.

</doc>
<doc id="20099292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099292" title="Fred Perrett">
Fred Perrett

Fred Leonard Perrett (9 May 1891 – 1 December 1918) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Neath. He won five caps for Wales and in his first international game faced the touring South Africans.
Rugby career.
Perrett originally played rugby for his local club Briton Ferry before eventually playing for Neath. While a member of Neath he earned his first Welsh cap against the touring South Africa team. Wales ran the South Africans close, but lost to a single penalty kick.
Perrett was reselected for Wales in the 1913 Five Nations Championship, one of only two Welsh players to appear in all four matches of the campaign; the other being Neath team mate Glyn Stephens. The two complemented each other well, especially during line outs. The Welsh team lost the first game against England, but won the final three games to finish second. Perrett may have been selected for further Wales matches, but turned professional at the end of the 1912/13 season, joining rugby league team Leeds, making his début on 6 September 1913, he later joined Hull.
Perrett's league career was cut short by the outbreak of World War I. He joined the Welsh Guards and served in France from 19 February 1916. He was subsequently commissioned as a second lieutenant, and transferred to the 17th Battalion of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers with seniority from 27 June 1917. He was seriously injured and died of his wounds in a casualty clearing station a month after the Armistice. He is buried at Terlincthun British Cemetery at Wimille in France. Perrett is often left out of lists of the Welsh international war dead due to his supposed defection to the professional game.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20099317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099317" title="Raghava nagar">
Raghava nagar

"Raghava Nagar" is a residential area within Madipakkam, a southern suburb of Chennai (formerly known as Madras), in Tamil Nadu, India. Its very near Moovarsampet Tank and mount ,There is a welfare association which conducts elections every a years.
Kalimagal Mat Hr. Sec School is placed in the First Main Road, in the same road you can find Kaliyangudi Hotel
Bus Stop : Koot Road
MRTS Station : St. Thomas Mount, velachery
External links.
Raghava Nagar has eight roads and two main roads.

</doc>
<doc id="20099328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099328" title="Ballet Merveilles">
Ballet Merveilles

Ballet Merveilles or Merveilles d'Afrique or Merveille de Guinee is a ballet company that is based in Conakry. Founded in Conakry in 1986 by the Guinean choreographer of Les Ballets Africains, Mohamed Kemoko Sano, Ballet Merveille aka Merveilles d'Afrique has toured successfully in West Africa, the United States and Europe. 
Ballet Merveille is a dance and percussion ensemble that claims to enhance Guinean traditional dance and music, developing a choreographed, "refined" art form. The ensemble's principal goal is to ensure Guinea's Cultural identity and to preserve and promote Guinea's cultural heritage.
In 1990 and 1991 the group was awarded the "Baguette d'Or" and the "Djembe d'Or" prizes in the second and third National Guinean Percussion and Rhythm Competitions.
In 1998 the group of 40 performers migrated to the Bronx in New York. Finding a manager for the company that would do all the logistical work for the company, that could keep everybody together as a larger group was next to impossible. Company director, Kemeko Sano needed to change the way of performing, creating smaller sets choreographed for smaller groups of performers. That change fragmented the company into many smaller groups of people which meant changing the structure of the members' training. That was an easy adjustment to make because everyone had been training for years in West African dancing, performing and acting. Even so, the fragmentation of the groups made it hard for everybody to focus on the company. Over a short amount of time, 90% of the group decided to get jobs. Some began working in stores or restaurants, some started braiding hair for the ladies, and some decided teach dance and drumming. Because African dance is not valued the same as other western forms of art, finding work as an African Dance troupe was not easy.

</doc>
<doc id="20099337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099337" title="Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine">
Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine

Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine (also known as Elektroprivreda BiH) is the largest energy company in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
The company has an installed capacity of 1,682 MW and generates 6.54 TWh of electricity in lignite-fired thermal power plants 1,165 MW, and hydro power plants 517 MW. It has a transmission and distribution network of .
On 24 March 2009, the company announced a plan to build two hydro-power plants worth €750 million on the Drina river bordering Serbia. It invites the Serbian company Elektroprivreda Srbije to join this project.

</doc>
<doc id="20099340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099340" title="Adami-nekeb">
Adami-nekeb

Adami-nekeb according to the Revised Version, or Adami-hannekeb (), i.e. the pass Adami, is mentioned in as a passage on the frontier of Naphtali. The Vulgate gives "Adami quae est Neceb", while the King James Version translates as two separate names, "Adami" and "Nekeb", as does the Septuagint: ΑΡΜΕ ΚΑΙ ΝΕΒΩΚ (B), or ΑΡΜΑΙ ΚΑΙ ΝΕΚΕΒ (A). The Jerusalem Talmud ("Meg." 11) also divides the expression, Adami being represented as "Damin", and Hannekeb as "Caidatah". Adolf Neubauer and George Adam Smith identify Adami with Damieh, 5 miles west of "Tiberias", the site proposed by the Palestine Exploration Survey for the ‘fenced city’ Adamah of Joshua 19:36.
This, notes T. K. Cheyne, seems too far south considering that the ‘tree of Bezaanim’ (see Bezaanannim) was close to Kedesh, while Janbeel appears to have been a north Galilean fortress. These are the two localities between which Adami-nekeb is mentioned in Joshua 19:33. It is probable that the name Nkbu in the Karnak list of Thotmes 111 means the pass Adami.
In the Bible.
Vulgate.
et coepit terminus de Heleb et Helon in Sananim et Adami quae est Neceb et Iebnahel usque Lecum et egressus eorum usque ad Iordanem
KJV.
And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan: 
RV.
And their border was from Heleph, from the oak in Zaanannim, and Adami–nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakkum; and the goings out thereof were at Jordan: 
NIV.
Their boundary went from Heleph and the large tree in Zaanannim, passing Adami Nekeb and Jabneel to Lakkum and ending at the Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20099343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099343" title="Bernard Quarles">
Bernard Quarles

Bernard Quarles (born January 4, 1960, in Los Angeles, California) was a quarterback for the National Football League and Canadian Football League.
Career.
He played for the Calgary Stampeders from 1983 to 1984, followed by the Ottawa Rough Riders and the Saskatchewan Roughriders. He also served as a replacement player for the Los Angeles Rams during the 1987 NFL strike.

</doc>
<doc id="20099362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099362" title="Jack Grainger (footballer born 1924)">
Jack Grainger (footballer born 1924)

John "Jack" Grainger (3 April 1924 – 10 January 1983) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.
Career.
Born in Darton, Grainger made 394 appearances in the Football League for Rotherham United and Lincoln City between 1947 and 1959.
He later played non-League football for Burton Albion.
Personal life.
His brother Colin and cousins Jack, Dennis and Edwin Holliday were also all professional footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="20099365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099365" title="Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2009">
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2009

"Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2009" is a hunting video game published by Activision for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 video game consoles. It was released in the United States on September 23, 2008.
Story.
The game's story focuses on Flint Abrahams, a big game hunter. Flint is in Russia where he is hunting for red deer with his hunting mentor and friend, Sergei, but a brown bear attacks them and kills Sergei. After fending the grizzly off, Flint makes a choice - he has decided to start hunting dangerous game to become the world's greatest hunter.
Flint travels to Tanzania to hunt lions with his friend Henry Tally. Tally decides to make a bet, where Flint hunts a lion bigger than Tally's. Later, after baiting some lions with Impala meat and fighting waves of spotted hyena, members of a lion pride attacks Tally's camp at dusk, where some workers are constructing a bridge. Flint protects the camp, and in the process, completes his objective of taking down a lion larger than Henry's.
Next, Flint goes to Alaska, and talks to a forest ranger about hunting a trophy brown bear. After fighting gray wolves and surviving an attack by a moose, he manages to find the bear with the help of another ranger, but when he tries to take it down, he causes an avalanche. The ranger was right in the path of the avalanche and Flint, who manages to take down a cougar, finds the ranger buried in snow with the bear sniffing around the remains of a cabin. Flint kills the bear and rescues the ranger.
Flint proceeds to Ecuador where he hunts a jaguar. However the big cat is startled when a plane crashes through the jungle. After fighting black caiman, Flint saves a woman in the crash site named Veronica Soto from an anaconda, and she says her husband Rodrigo is out in the jungle somewhere. Flint gives her his pistol and goes to rescue Rodrigo, fights python, and baits piranha with capybara. He finds Rodrigo about to be attacked by the jaguar but manages to save him from the carnivore.
Then, Flint goes to India where he has to control the numbers of striped hyenas due to attacks on livestock and children. He finds rangers who are relocating tigers. He hitches a ride, but boulders fall onto one of the trucks, and four of the tigers escape. Flint then retrieves all four cats by using a tranquilizer gun.
Flint then travels to British Columbia to hunt cougars. After fighting elk and grizzly bears, he baits a cougar and hunts it. After that, he heads to the Congo with Henry Tally and their friend Daniel Heath to hunt cape buffalo, but they have to navigate a river full of aggressive hippos and Nile crocodiles. Flint manages to get a buffalo after fighting giant forest hogs and snakes, but later finds Tally and Heath up trees with a buffalo herd underneath them. Flint fends off the buffalo and rescues the men.
He later explores to Thailand where he is hired by a forest service to tranquilize Asiatic Black Bears, due to their unusual aggressiveness. While doing so, he is attacked by a leopard and sneaks around an Asian Elephant herd.
Then Flint goes to Namibia to hunt leopard with famous hunting guide Dominic Rosseau. However, Dominic gets attacked by a leopard. Flint goes to carry him to the truck, but an angry white rhinoceros flips the truck over, which is then dispatched by Flint. Flint tells the driver he will go get help, fending off African elephants along the way and killing a scar-faced leopard. Flint then reaches a nearby village and tells the people about Dominic, who then gets rescued.
Finally, Flint goes back to Russia for a wolf hunt with Sergei's son Yuri. However, some of the wolves escape into the forest, where Yuri's truck can't get through. Flint decides to go on his own, tells Yuri to stay and continues on. He then hunts wild boar to bait the wolves. After dispatching the last of the pack, the bear that killed Sergei returns and tries to kill Flint, but he manages to grab a piece of wood and impales the bear on it after a long fight. Yuri runs out to Flint, where he tells him, "This is him, Yuri. This is the animal that ended your father's life."
Bonus missions.
Bonus missions are missions that can be completed with the knowledge you gained in career mode. If you complete a bonus mission, you gain 10 upgrade points. Bonus missions are in these countries: Tanzania, Alaska, India, Congo, and Namibia.
Here are the bonus missions Flint can accomplish:
Countries/states and provinces.
Russia, Tanzania, Alaska, Ecuador, India, British Columbia, Congo, Thailand, Namibia

</doc>
<doc id="20099393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099393" title="SM U-5 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-5 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-5 or U-V" was the lead boat of the "U-5" class of submarines or U-boats built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () before and during the First World War. The submarine was built as part of a plan to evaluate foreign submarine designs, and was the first of three boats of the class built by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume after a design by American John Philip Holland.
"U-5" was laid down in April 1907 and launched in February 1909. The double-hulled submarine was just over long and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. "U-5"s design had inadequate ventilation and exhaust from her twin gasoline engines often intoxicated the crew. The boat was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in April 1910, and served as a training boat—sometimes making as many as ten cruises a month—through the beginning of the First World War in 1914.
The submarine scored most of her wartime successes during the first year of the war while under the command of Georg Ritter von Trapp. The French armoured cruiser "Léon Gambetta", sunk in April 1915, was the largest ship sunk by "U-5". In May 1917, "U-5" hit a mine and sank with the loss of six men. She was raised, rebuilt, and recommissioned, but sank no more ships. At the end of the war, "U-5" was ceded to Italy as a war reparation, and scrapped in 1920. In all, "U-5" sank four ships totaling . 
Design and construction.
"U-5" was built as part of a plan by the Austro-Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland. The Austro-Hungarian Navy authorized the construction of "U-5" (and sister ship, "U-6") in 1906 by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume. The boat was designed by American John Philip Holland and licensed by Holland and his company, Electric Boat. "U-5" was laid down on 9 April 1907 in the United States, partially assembled, and shipped to Whitehead's for final assembly, a process which, author Edwin Sieche notes, "caused a lot of trouble". She was launched at Fiume on 10 February 1909 by Agathe Whitehead, and towed to Pola on 17 August.
"U-5"s design featured a single-hull with a teardrop-shaped body that bore a strong resemblance to modern nuclear submarines. She was long by abeam and had a draft of . She displaced surfaced, and submerged. Her two bow torpedo tubes featured unique, cloverleaf-shaped design hatches that rotated on a central axis, and the boat was designed to carry up to four torpedoes. For surface running, "U-5" was outfitted with 2 gasoline engines, but suffered from inadequate ventilation, which resulted in frequent intoxication of the crew; her underwater propulsion was by two electric motors.
Service career.
"U-5" was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 1 April 1910, with "Linienschiffsleutnant" Urban Passerar in command. Over the next three years she served primarily as a training boat, making as many as ten training cruises per month. On 1 May 1911, she hosted a delegation of Peruvian Navy officers that inspected her. In June 1912, she towed a balloon as part of efforts to assess the underwater visibility of hull paint schemes.
At the outbreak of World War I, "U-5" was one of only four fully operational U-boats in the Austro-Hungarian Navy fleet. She was initially stationed at the submarine base on Brioni, but was moved to Cattaro by late 1914. "U-5" made an unsuccessful attack on a French battleship squadron off Punta Stilo on 3 November. In December, the ship's armament was augmented by a 3.7 cm/23 (1.5 in) quick-firing (QF) deck gun, and had her first radio receiver installed.
In April 1915, Georg Ritter von Trapp assumed command of "U-5", and the following month, led the boat in sinking the French armored cruiser off Santa Maria di Leuca. On the night of 26 April, "Léon Gambetta" was patrolling the Straits of Otranto at a leisurely without the benefit of a destroyer screen. "U-5" launched two torpedoes at the French cruiser, hitting with both. The ship was rocked by the explosions of the two torpedoes and went down in ten minutes, taking down with her the entire complement of officers, including Rear Admiral Victor Baptistin Sénès. Of the French ship's complement, 648 were killed in the attack; there were 137 survivors. "Léon Gambetta" was the largest ship of any kind sunk by "U-5".
Victims Gallery.
In June, "U-5" helped search for the lost Austro-Hungarian seaplane "L 41", and in July, received an upgrade of her deck gun to a QF gun. In early August, "U-5" was sent out from Lissa when the Austro-Hungarian Navy received word from a reconnaissance aircraft that an Italian submarine had been sighted at Pelagosa. On the morning of 5 August, the Italian submarine "Nereide" was on the surface, moored under a cliff in the island's harbor. When "U-5" surfaced just offshore, "Nereide"s commanding officer, "Capitano di Corvetta" Carlo del Greco, cast off the lines and maneuvered to get a shot at von Trapp's boat. "Nereide" launched a single torpedo at "U-5" that missed, after which del Greco ordered his boat submerged. "U-5" lined up a shot and launched a single torpedo at the slowly submerging target, striking her, and sending her to the bottom with all hands. The Italian captain received the "Medaglia d'Oro al Valore Militare" for his actions. At the end of August, "U-5" captured the Greek steamer "Cefalonia" as a prize off Durazzo. In late November, Friedrich Schlosser succeeded von Trapp as "U-5"s commanding officer.
Schlosser and "U-5" made an unsuccessful attack on an Italian on 7 June 1916, but the boat managed to torpedo the Italian armed merchant cruiser off Cape Linguetta on the next day. According to a contemporary account, "Principe Umberto" and two other ships were transporting troops and materiel under escort of two destroyers. After the torpedo hit, "Principe Umberto" went down quickly with the loss 1,750 men. "Principe Umberto" was the last ship hit by "U-5".
Gallery.
On 16 May 1917, "U-5" was conducting a training cruise in the Fasana Channel near Pula when her stern struck a mine. The boat sank at a depth of with a loss of 6 of the 19 men on board. From 20 to 24 May the submarine was raised, and through November underwent a refit. During this reconditioning, a new conning tower was added and the deck gun was upgraded again, this time to a 7.5 cm/30 (3.0 in) gun. Upon completion, "U-5" was recommissioned, but had no more war successes. In her career, "U-5" sank a total of four ships totaling . After the war's end, "U-5" was transferred to Venice where she was inspected by British military commissions. "U-5" was later ceded to Italy as a war reparation in 1920 and was scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20099395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099395" title="SM U-6 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-6 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-6 or U-VI" was a "U-5"-class submarine or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () before and during the First World War. The submarine was built as part of a plan to evaluate foreign submarine designs, and was the second of three boats of the class built by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume after a design by Irishman John Philip Holland.
"U-6" was laid down in February 1908 and launched in June 1909. The double-hulled submarine was just over long and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. "U-6"s design had inadequate ventilation and exhaust from her twin gasoline engines often intoxicated the crew. The boat was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in July 1910, and served as a training boat—sometimes making as many as ten cruises a month—through the beginning of the First World War in 1914.
The submarine had only one wartime success, which was sinking a French destroyer in March 1916. Later that year, in May, "U-6" became entangled in anti-submarine netting deployed as part of the Otranto Barrage. Coming under fire from Royal Navy's drifters running the nets, "U-6" was abandoned and sunk. All of her crewmen were rescued and were held in captivity through the end of the war.
Design and construction.
"U-6" was built as part of a plan by the Austro-Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland. The Austro-Hungarian Navy authorized the construction of "U-6" (and sister ship, "U-5") in 1906 by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume. The boat was designed by American John Philip Holland and licensed by Holland and his company, Electric Boat. "U-6" was laid down on 21 February 1908 in the United States, partially assembled, and shipped to Whitehead's for final assembly, a process which, author Edwin Sieche notes, "caused a lot of trouble". She was launched at Fiume on 12 June 1909.
"U-6"s design featured a single-hull with a tear-drop shaped body that bore a strong resemblance to modern nuclear submarines. She was long by abeam and had a draft of . She displaced surfaced, and submerged. Her two bow torpedo tubes featured unique, cloverleaf-shaped design hatches that rotated on a central axis, and the boat was designed to carry up to four torpedoes. For surface running, "U-6" was outfitted with 2 gasoline engines, but suffered from inadequate ventilation, which resulted in frequent intoxication of the crew; her underwater propulsion was by two electric motors.
Service career.
"U-6" was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 1 July 1910, with "Linienschiffsleutnant" Georg Ritter von Trapp in command. Over the next three years she served primarily as a training boat, making as many as ten training cruises per month. On 7 November 1911, she hosted a Norwegian naval delegation that inspected her. On 26 June 1912, "U-6" was accidentally rammed by the submarine tender "Pelikan" while surfacing after a deep diving trial.
At the outbreak of World War I, "U-6" was one of only four fully operational U-boats in the Austro-Hungarian Navy fleet, and was stationed at Cattaro by late 1914. "U-6"s activities over the early part of the war are not reported, but the boat's armament was augmented by a 3.7 cm/23 (1.5 in) quick-firing (QF) deck gun in December 1915. Sister boat "U-5" had her first radio receiver installed at the same time her deck gun was added, but it is not reported whether "U-6" did, too.
On 23 February 1916, "U-6" made an unsuccessful attack on an Italian , but she then managed to torpedo and sink the French destroyer "Renaudin" on 18 March off Durazzo. "Renaudin" went down with 47 of her 83-man complement.
On the night of 12 May, "U-6" headed out to try to intercept shipping between Santa Maria di Leuca and Valona. "Linienschiffsleutnant" Hugo von Falkhausen, "U-6"s commander since November 1915, attempted to pass underneath two drifters that formed a part of the Otranto Barrage. While submerged, von Falkhausen heard an unexplained noise on the hull of the boat, which was likely the sound of "U-6" fouling one of the anti-submarine nets deployed from the drifter "Calistoga". The drifter's skipper was alerted to the submarine's presence when one of the indicator buoys had fired. "Calistoga" launched signal flares that attracted the attention of two nearby drifters "Dulcie Doris" and "Evening Star II". In the meantime, von Falkhausen surfaced "U-6" to try to cut loose the buoy being dragged behind his boat. When the hatch was opened, the crew discovered the boat entangled in the net.
Though unable to submerge, von Falkhausen attempted to flee on the surface, but the port propeller shaft became fouled. Realizing that he was stuck, and with "Dulcie Doris" and "Evening Star II" beginning to shell his boat, "U-6"s captain ordered code books and confidential material thrown overboard and the submarine scuttled. "U-6"s three officers and seventeen crewmen were all rescued, but spent the remainder of the war as prisoners of the Italians. In her career, "U-6" sank one ship totaling .

</doc>
<doc id="20099397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099397" title="Tuzla Power Station">
Tuzla Power Station

Tuzla Power station is a coal-fired power station in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the largest power station in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is operated by Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine (EBiH).
History.
Construction of the first two units started in 1959. The first 32 MW unit was commissioned in 1963 and the last 215 MW unit was commissioned in 1978.
There is a plant to build a new 450 MW unit by Alpiq.
Description.
The power station has an installed electric capacity of 715 MW (without two 32 MW units) and it produces around 3.1 TWh of electricity per year. In addition, it supplies heat for Tuzla and Lukavac. The plant burns 330,000  tons of coal annually.
Units 1-6 are supplied from the Kreka and Banovići mines, and unit 7 is supplied from the Đurđevik and Banovići mines.
Unit 4 has a flue gas stack, Unit 6 a flue gas stack. 

</doc>
<doc id="20099408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099408" title="All the Best (Glen Campbell album)">
All the Best (Glen Campbell album)

All the Best contains the majority of Glen Campbell's recordings that reached the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100. It was his best charting album since "Southern Nights" (1977).
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="20099418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099418" title="Sylvester Quarless">
Sylvester Quarless

Sylvester Quarless is a politician from the island of Grenada. He is a member of the National Democratic Congress, represents the constituency of St Andrew Southwest in the House of Representatives of Grenada and is currently Grenada's Minister of Social Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20099425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099425" title="Kakanj Power Station">
Kakanj Power Station

Kakanj Thermal Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest coal-fired power plant having an installed electric capacity of 450 MW and producing around 2.3 billion Kwh of electricity per year. The power plant is operated by Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine.
The chimney of Kakanj Power Plant is 300 metres tall and is one of the tallest man-made objects built in former Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20099426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099426" title="Chaparral Boats">
Chaparral Boats

Chaparral Boats (originally Fiberglass Fabricators) was founded in 1965 by William “Buck” Pegg in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida The company’s bellwether boat at the time was the 15’ Tri-Hull with a sticker price of $675. Although the tri-hull was discontinued in the early 80’s many remain in commission today. In 1967 fire destroyed Chaparral’s Ft. Lauderdale facility. The company re-built in Ft. Lauderdale. In 1976 Chaparral Boats had outgrown it’s Ft. Lauderdale production facility and was looking to expand. That year the Larsen boat manufacturing facility in Nashville, GA became available due to Larsen Boats filing for bankruptcy. In 1976 Chaparral Boats purchased the facility and moved its headquarters to Nashville, Ga and was incorporated in Georgia, where it remains today. Soon after re-location James "Jim" A. Lane (CPA) joined the company as President, a position he still holds today.
In 1986 Chaparral Boats was purchased by RPC Energy Services (NYSE:RES) of Atlanta, Georgia. In 2001 RPC spun off Marine Products Corporation (NYSE:MPX). This offering included Chaparral Boats, Inc. and Robalo Boats, LLC (Purchased from Brunswick Boat Group in 2001).
Chaparral currently manufactures pleasure and fishing boats ranging from 18’ sport boats to 40’ yachts in its Nashville, Georgia facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20099469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099469" title="Cy Alberts">
Cy Alberts

Frederick Joseph "Cy" Alberts (January 14, 1882 – August 27, 1917) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the St. Louis Cardinals. He batted and threw right-handed. Alberts had a 1-2 record, with a 6.18 ERA, in four games, in his one year career. 
He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan and died in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20099484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099484" title="Elvin Nimrod">
Elvin Nimrod

Elvin G. Nimrod (born 27 August 1943) is a politician from the island of Grenada. He currently serves in the House of Representatives of Grenada, and has in the past served as the Minister for Legal Affairs and the Minister of Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20099488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099488" title="Hengelo railway station">
Hengelo railway station

Hengelo is a railway station in Hengelo, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 18 October 1865 and is on the Almelo–Salzbergen railway and the Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway. It underwent a major renovation in 2010.
Train services.
The following services call at Hengelo:
From December 2010 until December 2013 there was a trial with a stopping train between Hengelo, Oldenzaal and Bad Bentheim, across the border in Germany. This service was operated by Syntus as the "Grensland-Express", however stopped due to low numbers of passengers.
Facilities.
Hengelo has some facilities which are located underneath the platforms, such as an Albert Heijn to Go and an AKO.
Platforms.
Officially Hengelo has 2 platforms, 2 and 3. There is also a platform 11, which serves the "Grensland-Express". Platform 11 is located at the end of the station, between platform 2 and 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20099496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099496" title="Levan Choladze">
Levan Choladze

Levan Choladze () (born April 9, 1978) is a Georgian politician and diplomat. He formerly served as Chairman of Chamber of Control of Georgia (2007-2008), Secretary of the National Security Council of Georgia from October to December 2005, and Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia (2006-2007) 

</doc>
<doc id="20099513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099513" title="Cinco Diablo">
Cinco Diablo

Cinco Diablo is the sixth full-length studio album by American rock group Saliva. It was released on December 16, 2008. Its first single was "Family Reunion" launched onto iTunes on October 28, 2008. The album debuted at #104 on the Billboard 200, making it their lowest-charting album in the band's history.
A Deluxe Edition of the album is available exclusively from Best Buy, and it includes a 30 Minute Long Live DVD.
"Hunt You Down" was named the official theme song to WWE's PPV event, WWE No Way Out 2009.
A music video has been filmed for "How Could You?", the second single.
The song "Family Reunion" can be heard throughout televised college basketball games on ESPN.
Track listing.
All songs by Saliva and Bob Marlette.
Best Buy Exclusive: Bonus 30 Minute Live DVD track listing.
Menu: "I'm Coming Back" (from Cinco Diablo)

</doc>
<doc id="20099550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099550" title="WEC 38">
WEC 38

WEC 38: Varner vs. Cerrone was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting on January 25, 2009. It aired live on the Versus Network. In the main event, WEC Lightweight Champion Jamie Varner defended his title against undefeated top contender Donald Cerrone.
Background.
Featured on the card was a rematch between former WEC Featherweight Champion Urijah Faber and Jens Pulver. Faber was originally lined up to face Jose Aldo at this event, but Aldo was replaced by Pulver. Aldo was instead moved to a bout with the debuting Fredson Paixao at this event, though Paixao was later replaced by WEC newcomer Rolando Perez due to an injury. The Faber/Aldo matchup would eventually take place at WEC 48 the following year, where Aldo defended his then-WEC Featherweight Championship in a unanimous decision victory.
Ed Ratcliff was originally slated to face WEC newcomer Anthony Njokuani at this event, but was forced from the bout with an injury and replaced by the debuting Ben Henderson.
The event drew an estimated 702,000 viewers on Versus.
Bonus Awards.
Fighters were awarded $7,500 bonuses.
Reported Payouts.
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the California State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money or "locker room" bonuses often given by the WEC and also do not include the WEC's traditional "fight night" bonuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20099574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099574" title="On the Mountain">
On the Mountain

On The Mountain was Thomas Bernhard’s first prose work, which he completed in 1959, yet the last of his works to be published, in 1989, the year of his death.
Based on autobiographical elements which constitute a kind of encyclopaedic view of Bernhard's world, this book gives a rare insight into the birth of a remarkable literary "oeuvre" paralleling that of Kafka and of Beckett. In fact, Sophie Wilkins, in her interesting "Afterword", compares it to Kafka's short story "Description of a Struggle".
Written as one sentence, it is a monologue delivered by a court reporter who meets a variety of characters, among whom are a secondary school teacher - the only intellectual - an inkeeper and various ladies who afford him favours or bully and humiliate him. His only true attachment is to his filthy dog. The dog is a dirty, smelly body detested by the housekeeper who wants him and his owner "out", but it's precisely this indubitable physical reality of him that makes him indispensable; without it, there's no real life in his life, and therewith no ideas, no literature that means anything.
"On the Mountain" is a special kind of prose: relieved of its function as a carrier of common information,it presents itself as some such medium as poetry, music, painting, sculpture. The seemingly random notes of this book, its disjunct, diffuse mutterings are the vehicle for a dramatic conflict between an embattled life force intent upon self-creation, self-definition, saying "All this is only a preparation for becoming me," and its equally determined opposition, threatening to make nonsense of all that. A real sickness-unto-death is made into a fulcrum for survival in an arena which is the human condition understood as a condition of immitigable "deadlock".
Criticism.
On its publication soon after Bernhard's death, "On the Mountain" was hailed as a "self-portrait of the artist as a young man" cast in the Schopenhauerian vein, and its high misanthropic tone and desolate humour do indeed anticipate all his subsequent work. Reviews described it as a "mighty prose poem," a masterly "debut and valedictory in one," an "early testament," full of pessimism and comical bleakness—Bernhard's case against intellectualised irrelevance, gripping and humane, where the nihilism of the 20th century found its most uncompromising expression. 
The critical importance of this work to Bernhard's development as a writer is precisely captured by Wilkins' moving "Afterword": "The new-fledged court reporter of "On the Mountain" has been writing hundreds of poems but now begins to work on his first book as it comes to him, jotting down notes, splinters of ideas, observations, encounters, characters, feelings, out of these data making a loose net in which to catch the realities of his life. In the process he discovers the power of words, infinite combinations and permutations of words such as the German language, with its many-plied nouns, is uniquely capable of. He discovers words for their own sake. He can't stop for structured paragraphs or sentences, life is literally too short (what with his lung disease being aggravated by bunglers whom he sometimes has to instruct in the procedures, any treatment could mean the end of him). His writing has become synonymous with his breathing: it is his rescue attempt, trying to save his life, even if it is nonsense to keep struggling against the inevitable, nonsense to record the nonsense of life in the face of death."
Excerpt.
"...frozen ponds: the dog, the damp bread,
my heart is freezing: my streets, my woods, the things I've left undone: which fling me onto my bed: my restlessness: which drives me outside and into one Gasthaus after another,
cold and restlessness are working against me and hurting me with their blows,
so that some morning it will collapse, kill me,
time has passed through me and distorted my abilities: "devalued" this notebook: my sorrow, as though I had said something that presupposes that I know what the soul is: without this discovery something much greater: there are only three: all of them are destroying me..." (p. 113)
"...the city of Salzburg has a child's face and an old man's face,
so you don't spit in it, you don't spit in the child's face "and" you don't spit in the old man's face,
senseless seasons, formalities, slanders: "these infernal piles of documents against everything,"
my dog knows I'm going to kill him, nobody else knows it: nobody's going to have my dog." (p. 116)

</doc>
<doc id="20099583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099583" title="Clarence Beers">
Clarence Beers

Clarence Scott Beers (December 9, 1918 – December 6, 2002), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the St. Louis Cardinals. He batted and threw right-handed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20099584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099584" title="Allcock">
Allcock

Allcock is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20099655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099655" title="Bruce Threadgill">
Bruce Threadgill

Bruce Craig Threadgill (born May 7, 1956 in Nocona, Texas) was a quarterback for the National Football League, Canadian Football League, and the United States Football League. He played safety for the San Francisco 49ers in 1978 and was claimed off waivers by the New York Giants in 1979, but was released before the season began. He played quarterback for the Calgary Stampeders from 1979-1982 and the Houston Gamblers from 1984-1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20099663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099663" title="Reto Berra">
Reto Berra

Reto Berra (born January 3, 1987) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). Berra played seven seasons in Switzerland's National League A, spending time with the ZSC Lions, HC Davos and SCL Tigers before joining EHC Biel in 2009 where he was the team's starting goaltender for four years. He was a draft pick of the St. Louis Blues, selected in the fourth round of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and was traded to Calgary in 2013. Internationally, Berra has played with the Swiss National Team on several occasions; he has appeared in two World Championships At the 2013 tournament, he shared goaltending duties with Martin Gerber and helped lead Switzerland to a silver medal, the nation's first of any colour in 60 years.
Career.
Berra played youth hockey in his home town of Bülach, where he became a goaltender full-time at age 11. He played his first professional game in 2003–04 in the National League B (NLB) for GCK Lions, and two years later played his first National League A (NLA) games with ZSC Lions. He caught the attention of the St. Louis Blues during the 2006 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, and the team selected him with their fourth round pick, 106th overall, at the 2006 National Hockey League (NHL) Entry Draft. Berra opted to remain in Switzerland where he was the back-up goaltender for the Lions, SCL Tigers and HC Davos. He was a member of HC Davos' Swiss championship team in 2009.
Moving to EHC Biel for the 2009–10 NLA season, Berra became the team's starting goaltender and appeared in 40 games, posting a win-loss record of 16–20 and a goals against average (GAA) of 3.36. He improved over the following seasons, culminating in 2011–12 when he was named the NLA's goaltender of the year after posting a 23–26 record with Biel and a 2.45 GAA. As he played with Biel in the 2012–13 NLA season, Berra's NHL playing rights were traded by the Blues on April 1, 2013. The Calgary Flames acquired his rights, along with Mark Cundari and a first round draft selection, in exchange for defenceman Jay Bouwmeester. 
After completing his fourth season with Biel, Berra believed his career had progressed to the point where he could succeed in North America. He signed a one-year contract with Calgary for the 2013–14 NHL season. The Flames wanted Berra to gain playing experience in North America and assigned him to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Abbotsford Heat to start the season. After nine appearances with the Heat in which he recorded a 2.66 GAA and a .908 save percentage, Berra was recalled to Calgary. Berra made his NHL debut on November 3, 2013, making 42 saves for his first win as the Flames defeated the defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks, 3–2.
International.
Berra has represented Switzerland at several international tournaments. He played with the national junior team three times; the first was at the 2005 IIHF World U18 Championships where Berra appeared in two games, winning one, for the ninth place Swiss. He also played in two World Junior Championships, appearing in all six of his nation's games each in 2006 and 2007 as Switzerland finished seventh both years. With the senior team, Berra appeared in four of his nation's seven games at the 2012 IIHF World Championship where he posted a record of 1–3 and had a GAA of 3.01.
At the 2013 IIHF World Championship, Berra split goaltending duties with Martin Gerber. Berra appeared in four games, winning all four and posting a GAA of 1.00. The unheralded Swiss team went on a "Cinderella run" at the championship, winning their first nine games of the tournament. The ninth win came in the semi-final as Berra led his team to an upset win over the United States. He recorded a shutout in a 3–0 win that guaranteed the Swiss their first World Championship medal in 60 years. Berra described the victory: "I think it's the biggest win since a long, long time for Switzerland and also I think for a lot of players it was the most important game in their life today." The tournament ended in disappointment for the Swiss as, with Gerber in goal, they lost the gold medal game, 5–1 to Sweden. The silver medal matched the best finish in Swiss history.

</doc>
<doc id="20099673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099673" title="RISAT">
RISAT

RISAT (Radar Imaging Satellite) is a series of Indian radar imaging reconnaissance satellites built by ISRO. They provide all-weather surveillance using synthetic aperture radars (SAR).
The "RISAT" series are the first all-weather earth observation satellites from ISRO. Previous Indian observation satellites relied primarily on optical and spectral sensors which were hampered by cloud cover.
After the November 26, 2008 Mumbai attacks, the launch plan was modified to launch RISAT-2 before RISAT-1, since the indigenous C-band SAR to be used for RISAT-1 was not ready. RISAT-2 used an Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) X-band SAR sensor similar to the one employed on TecSAR.
RISAT 2.
RISAT-2 was the first of the RISAT series to reach orbit. It was launched successfully on April 20, 2009 at 0015 hours GMT by a PSLV rocket. The 300-kg satellite was built by ISRO using a X-band SAR manufactured by IAI.
This satellite was fast tracked in the aftermath of the 2008 Mumbai attacks. The satellite will be used for border surveillance, to deter insurgent infiltration and for anti-terrorist operations. It is likely to be placed under the Aerospace Command of the Indian Air Force.
No details of the technical specifications of RISAT-2 have been published. However, it is likely to have a spatial resolution of about a metre or so. Ship detection algorithms for radar satellites of this class are well-known and available. The satellite also has applications in the area of disaster management and agriculture-related activities.
RISAT 1.
RISAT-1 is an indigenously developed radar imaging satellite successfully launched by a PSLV-XL rocket on April 26, 2012 from Satish Dhawan Space Centre, Shriharikota. RISAT-1 was postponed in order to prioritize the building and launch of RISAT-2.
The features of RISAT-1 include: 

</doc>
<doc id="20099674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099674" title="Class 76">
Class 76

Class 76 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20099709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099709" title="Canute Caliste">
Canute Caliste

Canute Caliste (April 16, 1914-November 20, 2005) was a naive painter from Grenada. He lived on the island of Carriacou, and was known as something of an eccentric. He claimed to have been inspired by a vision of a mermaid at the age of nine, and to have begun painting soon after. Caliste's work can now be find in numerous large collections worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20099724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099724" title="List of eponymous albums">
List of eponymous albums

This is a list of albums whose title is exactly the same name as the artist who recorded it.

</doc>
<doc id="20099765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099765" title="Kilspindie">
Kilspindie

Kilspindie is a village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland. It is situated on the Kilspindie burn, approximately 5 km Northwest of Errol, 10 km west of Dundee and 10 km east of Perth

</doc>
<doc id="20099791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099791" title="Prussian T 10">
Prussian T 10

The Prussian Class T 10s were tank locomotives operated by the Prussian state railways. They were procured for duties between Frankfurt and Wiesbaden between 1909 and 1912. This 41 km long route between the two termini was to be worked without turning the locomotive. Because the engine tended to derail, in practice it was turned whenever possible. On these engines, supplied by Borsig, the boiler from the Prussian P 6 and the running gear and drive from the Prussian P 8 were used. The boiler had to be positioned further forward than was usual on other locomotives in order to even out the distribution of weight, because the design omitted any trailing wheels. The first trial runs took place on 30 June 1909.
The Reichsbahn took over 11 machines of this class as their DRG Class 76, the engines were given numbers 76 001–011. The last locomotive was given to the French Northern Railway under the terms of the Versailles Treaty. Eight engines were taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn. Between 1945 and 1948 they were either retired or sold to private railways. In 1964 there were still six units on duty with the East Hanoverian Railway (OHE).
No examples of the DRG Class 76 have been saved.

</doc>
<doc id="20099812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099812" title="Triumph Legend 741cc">
Triumph Legend 741cc

The Triumph Legend 741cc is a British motorcycle developed by Len Williams, the former Triumph racing manager. The 'Legend' models were specials, each made after the demise of Triumph at Meriden from parts to specific customer requirements and based on the T160V Triumph Trident three-cylinder engine. Also included were the five-speed gearbox, electric start and Spanish made alloy wheels. Braking was a Lockheed hydraulic system with twin discs at the front and single rear. 
Many were carefully tuned for maximum performance and between 1975 and 1992, a total of 60 Triumph Legends were built - although Len Williams received hundreds of orders, including from the Saudi Arabian Police who wanted to use them as patrol bikes.
The Triumph Legend name was later resurrected by the Hinckley Triumph factory for a version of the three cylinder 900 cc.

</doc>
<doc id="20099832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099832" title="Jos Lussenburg">
Jos Lussenburg

Johannes "Jos" Lussenburg (Enkhuizen, 20 November 1889 - Nunspeet, 28 July 1975) was a Dutch painter and musician.
Lussenburg was a self-taught painter. Originally he was a professional musician: he was music-teacher at several music schools, played the violin and was conductor of several choirs.
Private life.
Lussenburg was born in Enkhuizen, a small fishing village at the west-coast of the former Zuiderzee, currently the IJsselmeer. After his marriage in 1917 to Jantje Langendijk he moved to Meerssen in Limburg. The couple had three children: a girl Baukje (born 1918) and two boys Hans and Loek (born 1920 and 1926 respectively)
in 1918 Lussenburg's parents moved to Nunspeet, a village near the Zuiderzee south-coast and after a family visit Jos gave up his job as a teacher in the South to move with his family to Nunspeet because he loved it as a place to paint.
Lussenburg's grandfather was a professional fisherman from Enkhuizen and he loved the romance of the rough live as fisher. He made lots of friends among the many fishermen in the villages and ports around the Zuiderzee.
Due to the construction of the Afsluitdijk, completed in 1932, the Zuiderzee changed into a fresh-water lake: the IJsselmeer. The fishing industry fell into decline in all villages and towns around the new lake.
Career.
When Lussenburg hurt his hand in 1923 an infection of a finger on his left hand ended his career as violin player and on advice of his wife he took up painting. But he never lost his love for the music and remained active as director of several choirs in villages near Nunspeet.
Many of Lussenburg's paintings show the rough waves of the shallow Zuiderzee with one or more fishing sailing boats in action. Beside his paintings of fishing vessels at sea he also painted portraits of old fishermen, farmers, beggars and some self-portraits.
In 1963 he published a book called De stervende zee ("The dying sea") about the end of the fishing industry in the former Zuiderzee. Later, in 1975 a book De stervende Zuiderzee ("The dying Zuiderzee") dealt with the same problem. In the books pictures of his paintings together with several stories about the life of the fishers.
Exhibitions.
The paintings of Lussenburg have found their way into several museums about the Zuiderzee or IJsselmeer and there are two virtual expositions of his work on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="20099851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099851" title="Franz Ningel">
Franz Ningel

Franz Ningel (born 18 October 1936 in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen) is a former German pair skater and roller skater.
Ningel became World and European champion as a single roller figure skater in 1956 and 1957. He also won the German roller figure skating pair championships with Marika Kilius from 1955 to 1957.
In pairs figure skating, Kilius / Ningel became the 1957 World silver and 1956 World bronze medalists, three-time (1955–195) European bronze medalists, and three-time German national champions.
With his wife Margret Göbl, Ningel is the 1962 World bronze medalist, a three-time (1960–1962) European medalist, and a three-time (1960–1962) German national champion. The pair also finished fifth at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20099854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099854" title="Il Sole 24 Ore Radiocor">
Il Sole 24 Ore Radiocor

Il Sole 24 Ore Radiocor is an Italian business and financial news agency owned by the newspaper "Il Sole 24 Ore" with four offices in Rome, Milan, Turin and Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20099856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099856" title="Ontario Fashion Stakes">
Ontario Fashion Stakes

The Ontario Fashion Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1979 at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Run in early November, the event is open to Fillies and mares age three and older and is contested over six furlongs on Polytrack synthetic dirt.
Financingavailable holds the race record at 1:08.56 run in 2007.
Past winners.
Champion Older Mare in Canada, 1982 & 1983.)
Canadian Champion Handicap Mare, 1979. Canadian Champion Sprinter, 1980.)

</doc>
<doc id="20099865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099865" title="Purleigh">
Purleigh

Purleigh is a village on the Dengie peninsula about south of Maldon in the English county of Essex. The village is part of the Purleigh ward of the Maldon district.
Descent of the manor.
Eustace, Earl of Bologne.
At the time of the Domesday survey of 1086, the manor of Purleigh was held by Eustace II, Count of Boulogne (d.1087).
Denys.
Having previously been possessed by the Grey and Capel families, in the late 15th century the manor was acquired by Hugh Denys (d.1511), Groom of the Stool to King Henry VII (1485–1509). He died without progeny and bequeathed the manor to his younger half-nephew John Denys of Pucklechurch, Gloucestershire, in which family, having modernised the spelling of its name to "Dennis", the manor remained until the early 18th.century. William Dennis, 5th in descent from John, died in 1701 and was buried at Pucklechurch. He was Sheriff of Gloucestershire in 1689 and died without male issue leaving two daughters as his co-heiresses. Mary (d.1739) the eldest married Col. James Butler, of the family of the Earls of Ormonde and Elizabeth the younger daughter married, as his second wife, Sir Alexander Cuming of Culter, Aberdeenshire. The manor was retained by both sisters jointly, but was occupied by the tenant John Leaver, and comprised the manor house called Purleigh Hall, a garden, orchard, 100 acres of land, 80 acres of meadow, 140 acres of pasture and 80 acres of woodland. It then passed, probably by sale, to William Neale, described as a "clerk" in a decree of the High Court of Chancery dated 29 January 1741, in an action brought by the nieces of Mary Dennis and by Cassandra Cuming, the daughter of Elizabeth Dennis and the representatives of the infant James Cuming.
Bonnell.
Neale sold it in 1742 to James Bonnell. James was the son of Captain John Bonnell (d.1703), a merchant of London, possibly the Captain John Bonnell of the East India Company who sailed the "Chandos" to Madras 4 February 1689 -1 January 1691. James was executor of the will of his mother Margaretta Bonnell (d.1737), his father's second wife, and sister and heiress of a moiety of the estate of Edmund Waterson of Graces in Little Baddow who by his last will ordered his personal estate to be invested in land in Suffolk James's siblings, John and Sarah Bonnell, authorised him to pay £4,000 (out of the total moiety of £14,735 5s.) for the purchase of the manor and farm of Purleigh Hall. Sarah Bonnell (d.1768) left at her death £3,500 in public funds for the endowment of a charity school for girls in West Ham, still surviving as the Sarah Bonnell School, the oldest girls' school in England. An elaborate white marble monument exists to Capt John Bonnell and his family in the Monoux Chapel of Walthamstow Church, inscribed thus:
"Here lyeth interred the Body of Mary, the Wife of Captain John Bonnell of London, Mariner, and Daughter of John Morrice of London, Esq; and Grand-daughter to Sir William Morris, Knt. late Secretary of State to King Charles II. She dyed the 16th of September, 1691, in the 27th Year of her Age. "Gratior c pulchro non vixit corpore Virtus, Purior ad superas mens non ascenderat oias, Fœmina chara suis, vixit, chara omnibus, almo Charior at sponso, coelo charissima obivit". Here also lye interred two Sons of Capt. John Bonnell and Mary his Wife, viz. Nicolas Bonnel, who was born the 19th of March, and dyed the 17th of June 1688; and John Bonnel, born the 22d of May 1687, and dyed the 30th of January 1688-9. Here lyeth interred also the Body of Margaret, Daughter of John Bonnel and Margaret his Wife; who departed the 12 th of September 1694. Aged 14 Months, wanting two Days.
Here also, under a flat Stone, near the Monument of his Wife, deceased, lyes the Body of Capt. John Bonnel. Who departed this Life the 7th of Jan. 1702-3.. Aetat. 44. Also the Body of Eliz. Atkins, Grand-daughter to the said Captain and Mary his Wife. Who departed this Life the 25th of July, 1711. Aged five Years and two Months".
Further inscriptions read as follows: 
"Under the same gravestone with Captain John Bonnell lyeth also interred the body 
of Margaretta Bonnell, his second wife, | only daughter and heiress to William Waterson Esq | 
late of the Custom House an excellent woman who departed this life the 13 January 1736 in 
the 61st year of her age. Here also lyeth the body of Sarah Bonnell the only daughter of 
John & Margaretta Bonnell a lady throughout her whole life religious and charitable. As a 
convincing proof she left at her death the amount of £3,500 capital in the Public Funds for 
the endowment of a Charity School for Girls at the Parish of West Ham in this County. She 
died 28th day of February 1766 Aged 70 years and left her only surviving brother JAMES 
BONNELL esq her executor and residuary legatee who consented and concurr'd in obtaining 
a Decree in Chancery for securing the said funds and establishing the said school, departed 
this life I the 27th June 1774 in the 77th year of his age and lies buried here" 
Arms: a cross gules quarterly pierced, nine crosses crosslet, 3, 3, and 3 counterchanged 
(Bonnell), upon an inescutcheon azure a fess between three annulets or ( Waterson), quartering, 
argent, a chevron between three boars passant sable. The whole impaling the inescutcheon. 
"Sacred to the memory of JAMES BEAL BONNELL ESQ" who departed this life September the 12th 1815 I aged 80 years. If integrity of mind and conduct when founded on religious principles can elevate man then the spirit of the deceased may await in humble and pious trust the resurrection of the dead. His afflicted widow, conscious of his virtues, has raised this monumental tablet (as a) memorial of his character. Also to the memory of SOPHIA JANE MARIA BEAL BONNELL relict of the above James Beal Bonnell esq of Upton House, Essex, and Pelling Place, Old Windsor, Berks., who departed this life March the 18th 1841 Aged 93 years". 
Arms: "Argent, a cross quarterly pierced gules nine crosses crosslet 3, 3, and 3 counterchanged. 
Impaling gules, a chevron or, in chief a bar of the last. 
"Sacred to the memory of JANE BONNELL | who departed this life September 23rd 1841, 
aged 42 Precious will her memory be to those who knew her well and loved her most It is 
humbly and firmly hoped that she is gone to receive Through the merits of the Redeemer her 
everlasting reward. Also of MARY JANE HARVEY BONNELL of Pelling Place, Old Windsor, 
in the County of Berks; who departed this life Nov. 15th 1853 in the (?) year of her age. | 
She lived with the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit and died with the grace of humble faith 
in her Redeemer". 
Arms: In an ornamental lozenge the Bonnell Arms as above, the first quarter ermine for difference, as granted to Mary Jane Harvey Bonnell. 
James Bonnell was lord of the manor of Purleigh in 1759. James Bonnell of Spring Gardens, St Martin-in-the-Field, Westminster, died in 1774 and his estate was the subject of a case in Chancery between James Beal (d.1815), of St. James's, Westminster, plaintiff, who had assumed by royal licence dated 1774 the additional surname and arms of Bonnell, as was required by the will of James Bonnell, and John Bonnell of Newcastle and other Bonnell deforciants from Durham . In 1853 by deed of gift Mary Anne Harvey Bonnell (1763–1853), spinster, of Pelling Place, Windsor, lady of the manor of Purleigh, who had herself adopted the additional surname of Bonnell in 1841, conveyed to James Bonnell, esq., the whole Bonnell estate. James was the middle son of James Bonnell (d.1850), who set up as a chemist and druggist in Carlisle when a young man in 1796, who became a manufacturer of aerated soda water, trading from premises in English Street, Carlisle. He sold the business in 1846, none of his sons having wished to continue in the trade. James jnr. in 1854 married Elizabeth Lowther, his cousin through his mother Esther Lowry (1771–1822). In 1860 James Bonnell obtained a licence to add the name Harvey before Bonnell. James Harvey Bonnell died in 1869 aged 60, as his gravestone in Purleigh Churchyard attests. The tenant in occupation in 1836 was William Clarke (senior) Clarke was born at Little Halingbury, about 
20 miles away but his wife was born in 1814 at Purleigh.
A painting of the Bonnell family armorials is held by Essex Archives, blazoned as follows: "Argent, a cross gules charged with five cross crosslets argent between four of the fame gules", alternatively: "Argent, a cross gules quarterly pierced 9 cross crosslets 3, 3 and 3 counter-charged". Queen Adelaide breakfasted with the Bonnell family on one occasion at Pelling Place, when the family gave her a shell-work vase, one of a pair home-made circa 1779-1781 by Mrs Beal Bonnell and Miss Harvey Bonnell, the other of which stood on a mantelpiece at Pelling and is now in the Victoria & Albert Museum, London.
Irving.
The manor passed to the Irving family by the marriage in 1871 of Elizabeth Bonnell, of Pelling Place, to William John Irving of Penrith, Cumbria. The marriage settlement dated 6 March 1871 deals with the manors of Purleigh and Waltons, together with a number of farms, land, a windmill, as well as Pelling Place itself and large tracts of land in Old Windsor. William was a solicitor, the son of William Irving (1808–1870), FRCS, of Crown Square, Penrith, by Jane Raw of Leaming House, Watermillock. A tragedy occurred in the summer of 1884 when William J. Irving and his children Elizabeth, Charles and John drowned.
Current ownership.
There are extensive vineyards in Purleigh, owned and operated by New Hall Vineyards. The firm was established in 1969 and produces c. 250,000 bottles a year.
Washington connection.
Lawrence Washington (1602–1655), the great-great-grandfather of the first U.S. president, George Washington, was rector in the village from 1632 until 1643.
Purleigh Colony.
The Purleigh Colony, established in 1896 at Cock Clarks, was a Tolstoyan Anarchist colony that grew out of the Croydon Brotherhood Church. Initially based on a 10-acre plot, as the group grew the colony rented local cottages with land attached. The colony ran a printing press, publishing translations of Tolstoy and for a while The New Order magazine. For a time the colony sheltered some of the Doukhobors, members of the sect forced to leave Russia to avoid political persecution. Some of the colonists went with the Doukhobors to Canada, and a group went to form the Whiteway Colony in Gloucestershire after a disagreement. This exodus seems to have resulted in the closure of the colony in 1899.
Local amenities.
There are two public houses, The Bell and The Fox and Hounds. The Bell is a 14th-century building that was refurbished in the 16th century.
The local school is Purleigh Community Primary School.
Purleigh playing field is home to Purleigh Cricket Club, who in 2008 broke a British record by scoring 499–5 in just 45 overs against Herongate II.
Religious sites.
The parish church is All Saints. It is of 14thcentury origin
Rev Robert Francis Walker who was a Curate, from 1819 to 1854, and well known translator of Christian books from German to English is buried in the Churchyard.

</doc>
<doc id="20099870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099870" title="Battle of Havana">
Battle of Havana

Battle of Havana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20099878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099878" title="Magnetization reversal by circularly polarized light">
Magnetization reversal by circularly polarized light

Discovered only as recently as 2006 by C.D. Stanciu and F. Hansteen and published in "Physical Review Letters", this effect is generally called all-optical magnetization reversal. This magnetization reversal technique refers to a method of reversing magnetization in a magnet simply by circularly polarized light and where the magnetization direction is controlled by the light helicity. In particular, the direction of the angular momentum of the photons would set the magnetization direction without the need of an external magnetic field. In fact, this process could be seen as similar to magnetization reversal by spin injection (see also spintronics). The only difference is that now, the angular momentum is supplied by the circularly polarized photons instead of the polarized electrons.
Although experimentally demonstrated, the mechanism responsible for this all-optical magnetization reversal is not clear yet and remains a subject of debate. Thus, it is not yet clear whether an Inverse Einstein–de Haas effect is responsible for this switching or a stimulated Raman-like coherent optical scattering process. However, because phenomenologically is the inverse effect of the magneto-optical Faraday effect, magnetization reversal by circularly polarized light is referred to as the inverse Faraday effect.
Early studies in plasmas, paramagnetic solids, dielectric magnetic materials and ferromagnetic semiconductors demonstrated that excitation of a medium with a circularly polarized laser pulse corresponds to the action of an effective magnetic field. Yet, before the experiments of Stanciu and Hansteen, all-optical controllable magnetization reversal in a stable magnetic state was considered impossible.
In quantum field theory and quantum chemistry the effect where the angular momentum associated to the circular motion of the photons induces an angular momentum in the electrons is called photomagneton. This axial magnetic field with the origins in the angular momentum of the photons has been sometimes referred in the literature as the field B.
Magnetization reversal by circularly polarized light is the fastest known way to reverse magnetization, and therefore to store data: magnetization reversal is induced on the femtosecond time scale - that translates to a potential of about 100 TBit/s data storage speeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20099901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099901" title="Agustín Canalda">
Agustín Canalda

Agustín Canalda (born 18 April 1977, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union footballer. He plays as a hooker.
Canalda first team was Club Newman, where he had his first caps for Argentina U-19. He had 6 caps for the "Pumas", from 1999 to 2001, without scoring. Canalda was selected for the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals, where he played once.

</doc>
<doc id="20099936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099936" title="Sarah Stolfa">
Sarah Stolfa

Sarah Stolfa is an American contemporary artist, photographer, and musician born in 1975.
Biography.
Stolfa attended Drexel University's photography program and graduated from Yale University's MFA program in 2009. Stolfa's most recognizable series, 'The Regulars', won her The New York Times Photography Contest for College Students in 2004. 
As a bartender at Philadelphia’s McGlinchey’s Tavern, Stolfa began to photograph her regulars opposite the bar. Her carefully composed, large-scale color prints express the intimacy and sincerity in worker and patron relationships. Furthermore, Stolfa’s images confront a social commentary on the urban bar experience with the isolated subjects and their props, namely, ashtrays, mugs, and money. Stolfa creates powerful portraits of the diverse group of regulars in a way that is reminiscent of Seventeenth Century Dutch paintings in their color, lighting, and decipherable detail.
Stolfa has participated in several group shows and had a solo show at the Pearlstein Gallery at Drexel University in 2004.
Stolfa is currently represented by Gallery 339 in Philadelphia, PA. In addition, she is the Executive Director of the Philadelphia Photo Arts Center, a non-profit organization which opened in the late summer of 2009.
Stolfa also played Farfisa organ in the Delta 72 in the late 90s.

</doc>
<doc id="20099943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099943" title="Koeman">
Koeman

Koeman is a Dutch occupational surname. Though the name translates as "cow man" in modern Dutch, it is a derivative, via "Kooman", of Koopman (= merchant). People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20099950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099950" title="Maury Duncan">
Maury Duncan

Maurice Perry Duncan (born July 18, 1931 in Oakland, California) is a former quarterback for the National Football League and Canadian Football League. He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1954-1955, the BC Lions from 1956-1957, and the Calgary Stampeders in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20099954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099954" title="Dotyk">
Dotyk

Dotyk is the debut studio album by Polish singer Edyta Górniak which was released in Poland on May 8, 1995 by Pomaton EMI.
The album was certified 4x Platinum selling over 1 million copies. 

</doc>
<doc id="20099967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099967" title="Wheel-driven land speed record">
Wheel-driven land speed record

The wheel-driven land speed record differs from the absolute land speed record in requiring that the vehicle be wheel-driven; thus, vehicles that use thrust from a jet engine or rocket are ineligible (although the use of such engines is permitted if they drive the wheels).
Until 1963, the absolute land speed record holder was always a wheel-driven car. The first jet-car to exceed the absolute record was Craig Breedlove's "Spirit of America". Since then, no wheel-driven car has held the absolute record.
There is no "wheel-driven" category as such. The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile validates records in a variety of classes, of which the "wheel-driven" classes are in Category A (Special cars) and Category B (Production cars). The accepted record is fastest average speed recorded over any one-mile or one-kilometer distance, averaged over two runs in opposite directions (to factor out wind) within one hour of each other. The most recent wheel-driven record holders have been from a variety of different classes within Category A.
Since 1963, holders of the wheel-driven land speed record have been:

</doc>
<doc id="20099975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099975" title="De Bange 90 mm cannon">
De Bange 90 mm cannon

The De Bange 90 mm cannon (Mle 1877) was a type of field artillery piece developed in France by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange in 1877, and adopted by the French Army that same year. It superseded the earlier Reffye cannon (1870/73) and the Lahitolle 95 mm cannon (1875).
Characteristics.
The cannon was breech loading and used the original mushroom-shaped obturator system developed by de Bange, allowing to properly seal the breech during each firing. The cannon still had an important recoil, meaning that it moved backward at each firing, necessitating re-aiming every time, which considerably slowed the rate of firing. This would remain a problem with all artillery pieces until the development of the Canon de 75 in 1897.
Replacement.
The de Bange 90 mm was used during World War I, although it was obsolete by then, as there were important stockpiles of ammunition and French industry fell short of producing enough modern cannons for the war. It was superseeded by the recoilless Canon de 75.
British service.
A number of these weapons were issued to some third-line British Territorial Force batteries at the start of World War I, for training and home defence duties, because of a shortage of more modern field guns. They were replaced in these units by Ordnance BLC 15 pounder guns, when second-line units were re-equipped with Ordnance QF 18 pounders.
Finnish service.
France donated 100 of these cannons in 1940 during Winter War between Finland and Soviet Union. Only 24 guns arrived before the end of the war and rest during the Interim Peace. When Continuation War begun 84 guns were issued to fortification and coastal units. Finnish troops fired more than 174 000 shots with these cannons during Continuation War and last shots in battle were fired as late as in June 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20099976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099976" title="Moni Aizik">
Moni Aizik

Moni Aizik is an Israeli-born martial artist. Aizik has a Jujitsu and Judo background and is the founder of Commando Krav Maga. One of Aizik's advertisements has been disallowed by the UK's Advertising Standards Authority due to being unable to provide proof of some of his claims.
Israel.
At the age of 8, under Opa Schutte, Aizik started training in judo and jujutsu. He won national title in Judo seven times. In his late teens, he joined the Israeli military, where due to his position as a national judo competitor, he was assigned as a physical fitness instructor.
Aizik states that he was asked, shortly after the Yom Kippur War, to improve upon the army's existing hand-to-hand combat system due to his knowledge of martial arts, including various Israeli fighting systems, jujitsu and judo. Aizik says that he collaborated with Imi Lichtenfeld in 1973–1974.
After his military service he trained at a Maccabi Tel Aviv club in Israel. One of Aizik's students was Yael Arad, an 1992 Olympic silver medalist in judo. 
North America.
Moving to North America in the 1980s, Aizik started teaching CKM at the Jewish Community Center in Toronto. He also established the "Samurai Club" in Canada. 
Former UFC Welterweight Champion Carlos Newton was one of his students in Canada.
United Kingdom.
On October 28, 2008, the British Advertising Standards Authority stated that Aizik can not use "Ex-Israeli Special Forces Commando" or "Counter Terrorism Expert" in his advertising there since those claims can not be substantiated. Aizik says such documentation is classified.

</doc>
<doc id="20099977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20099977" title="Meadow Fritillary">
Meadow Fritillary

Meadow Fritillary is a common name given for two butterfly species:

</doc>
<doc id="20100009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100009" title="1968 Air Canada Silver Broom">
1968 Air Canada Silver Broom

The 1968 Air Canada Silver Broom, the men's world curling championship, was held in Pointe Claire, Quebec, Canada at the Pointe Claire Arena.
Teams.
"*Throws second stones."<br>
"**Throws third stones."
External links.
WCF Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20100011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100011" title="James A. Peters">
James A. Peters

James Arthur Peters (June 13, 1922 – December 18, 1972) was born in Durant, Iowa; grew up in Greenup, Illinois. He studied at the University of Michigan and obtained his Ph. D. in Biology in 1952. He studied with the herpetologist Norman Edouard Hartweg.
He held teaching positions in
He held positions in the Department of Reptiles and Amphibians at the Smithsonian Institution
Peters was a member of professional societies such as: American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, where he served as secretary, 1960–1966, vice-president, 1967 and president, 1970. He was elected to the Washington Biologists’ Field Club. He inaugurated the Smithsonian Herpetological Information Services which distributed materials to herpetological institutions and individuals. He founded the newsletter MUDPIE (Museum and University Data Program and Information Exchange) providing information on computer programs, references, grants, meetings, etc.
His main subject of research was herpetology and zoogeography of Latin America, especially Ecuador. During his thirty years of research in herpetology he described seventeen new species or subspecies, most of them amphibians, such as a few Neotropical toads of the genus "Atelopus". Five Neotropical amphibians and reptiles, and one snake were named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20100016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100016" title="Junior 4">
Junior 4

A Junior 4 or JR4 is a one-bedroom apartment with a separate dining room or a small bedroom or office. The "4" comes from the number of rooms in the apartment, specifically the bedroom, living room, kitchen, and dining area/small bedroom/office. The term is usually used in the New York City rental market. The use of the term "Junior 4" may be imprecise and confusing to some prospective buyers who may be better equipped with a to-scale floor plan for reference. 

</doc>
<doc id="20100029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100029" title="Shanon Phillip">
Shanon Phillip

Shanon Phillip (born November 9, 1988) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as goalkeeper for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100031" title="Pat Collins (disambiguation)">
Pat Collins (disambiguation)

Pat Collins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20100034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100034" title="Scottish Women's Football Association">
Scottish Women's Football Association

The Scottish Women’s Football Association was started in 1972, when four teams met and decided to form an Association.
This association consists of:
At present there are about four thousand players registered with the Scottish Women's Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20100054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100054" title="Cassim Langaigne">
Cassim Langaigne

Cassim Langaigne (born February 27, 1980) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100074" title="Devon Roberts">
Devon Roberts

Devon Roberts is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100085" title="Marc Marshall">
Marc Marshall

Marc Marshall (born December 24, 1985) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as defender for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100099" title="2004 Indoor Cricket World Cup">
2004 Indoor Cricket World Cup

The 2004 Indoor Cricket World Cup was an Indoor Cricket tournament that took place in Colombo, Sri Lanka from the 10th to the 16th of October 2004 involving both a men's and a women's division. There were a total of 25 matches played in the men's division and 19 matches played in the women's division.
In both divisions a round robin tournament was played with each team playing the other once after which the top four ranked sides progressed through to the semi finals. Australia, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and South Africa contested the men's finals with Australia eventually defeating Sri Lanka in the final itself. The same four sides featured in the women's semi finals (though in a different order), with Australia prevailing over South Africa in the final. This represented the 5th consecutive title for Australia in the men's division and the 4th in the women's division.
Host Selection.
The World Cup was awarded to Sri Lanka by the WICF at the conclusion of the previous World Cup. This was the first time the event had been held in Sri Lanka and was seen as an important step towards expanding the game outside of the originating nations.
Venue.
The Ceylon Indoor Cricket Association operated out of a single facility in Colombo, the Austasia Indoor Cricket Complex. As the only functional indoor cricket facility in Sri Lanka this venue hosted all World Cup matches.
Participants.
Men's Division
Women's Division

</doc>
<doc id="20100110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100110" title="Kithson Bain">
Kithson Bain

Kithson Anthony Bain (born 26 May 1982) is a Grenadian footballer currently playing for Caledonia AIA in the Trinidad and Tobago Premier League. He has been capped at full international level by the Grenada national football team.
Club career.
Bain began his footballing career for Grenadian side Queens Park Rangers before moving to fellow Grenadian side Ball Dogs.
Tranmere Rovers.
In 2008 Bain had finished top scorer in the 2008 Caribbean Cup tournament with 5 goals. The then Tranmere Rovers manager John Barnes had also been involved in the tournament and his Jamaica national team won the tournament. Barnes was impressed enough with Bain to bring him to England, he signed for the Birkenhead-based club in August 2009.
Bain made his first appearance for Tranmere in their 3–2 home defeat by Walsall on 12 September 2009.
On 26 November, Bain went out on loan to Conference National side Kettering Town until January 2010.
Despite scoring seven goals for the Tranmere reserves, Bain was only given handful of substitute appearances by Rovers manager Les Parry, ending the season on 10 games, all from the bench. Bain failed to score in his time at Tranmere, although there was dispute over whether he got the last touch on Alan Mahons goal in Rovers 3–2 win against Walsall) O. He was released by Tranmere at the end of the 2009/10 season.
He then returned home to Grenada in the summer of 2010 and rejoined his former club Queens Park Rangers. Near the end of 2010 he played in Guyana's Kashif and Shanghai cup competition for Alpha United as a guest player alongside Dominica international Kurlson Benjamin.
Carolina RailHawks.
After impressive performances for Grenada in The Caribbean Cup, Bain caught the eye of reigning American second division NASL Conference champions Carolina RailHawks who signed Bain for the 2011 season. The RailHawks joined the North American Soccer League in 2011. He only played 11 minutes for them in the whole season.
He signed for Trinidadian club Caledonia AIA in September 2013.
International career.
Bain has represented Grenada at both Under 23 and full international level. In the 2010 Caribbean Championship he was declared joint winners of the Digicel Golden Boot award.

</doc>
<doc id="20100119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100119" title="Dwayne Leo">
Dwayne Leo

Dwayne Leo (born 28 June 1982) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100130" title="Marvin Frederick">
Marvin Frederick

Marvin Frederick is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100143" title="Nickson Baptiste">
Nickson Baptiste

Nickson Baptiste is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100152" title="John Tantillo">
John Tantillo

John Tantillo (born June 29, 1951 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American branding and marketing consultant. He is credited with coining the term The O'Reilly Factor, which later became the title of Bill O'Reilly’s television show.
A graduate of St. Francis College, Queens College of the City University of New York and Hofstra University, Tantillo holds a Masters in Experimental Psychology and a doctorate in Applied Research Psychology. In March 2012, Tantillo was named Alumnus of the Month by Hofstra University.
Tantillo is widely known as “The Marketing Doctor” and for his outspoken adherence to the marketing concept, which has been defined as the essential role of marketing as a vehicle to identifying and satisfying consumer needs. He has been particularly outspoken about what he perceives as the money wasted on Super Bowl advertising. 
Tantillo is a frequent guest on television and radio, often appearing on Fox Business Network and "Fox & Friends". He is a regular guest on the Fox News live webcast discussion show, "The Strategy Room", where he is seen twice a week on "Business Hour", "News With a View" and "God Talk Hours", analyzing the role of marketing within the topic of the day.
Tantillo has been called to discuss marketing issues related to politics, corporations and persons and has been called the “Howard Cosell” of marketing for his distinctive voice, mannerisms and clothing. In December 2007, he generated controversy for advocating a Fat Santa campaign and comments that Santa Claus should lose weight and join the fight against the obesity epidemic. His position was ridiculed by Erich Muller during an appearance by Tantillo on Muller's radio program, "The Mancow Show". Tantillo wrote again on this subject in 2008 and again met with criticism.
In his marketing analyses and critiques, Tantillo refers frequently to a concept he calls Adpublitizing. According to Tantillo, Adpublitizing means creating an advertisement that is sure to generate controversial coverage, thus ensuring that the advertisement and the related brand get many more impressions than a typical media buy.
In September 2008, Tantillo syndicated his blog content to IncBizNet.com, a social networking site for entrepreneurs run by Inc.com. Under the arrangement, he operated as a “Branding and Marketing Expert Blogger” for IncBizNet.com while also generating other blog content and Internet-disseminated guidance for readers of his blog and private clients. IncBizNet.com shut down at the end of 2009. In February 2009, Tantillo became a columnist for The Fox News Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20100157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100157" title="Kimroy Redhead">
Kimroy Redhead

Kimron Redhead (born 1981) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.
Kimron volunteers for the Ocean Spirits Turtle Conservation Group

</doc>
<doc id="20100159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100159" title="Boris Bazhanov">
Boris Bazhanov

Boris Georgiyevich Bazhanov (, sometimes spelled Bajanov) (1900–1983) was a secretary of the Soviet Union's Politburo, and personal secretary to Joseph Stalin from August 1923 through 1925. After holding several different positions in the Politburo from 1925 to 1928, Bazhanov defected from the Soviet Union, and remains the only assistant of Stalin's secretariat to have done so. Stalin's subsequent attempts to hunt down and kill Bazhanov in France failed. From 1930 on, Bazhanov wrote and published memoirs and books about the secrets behind Stalin's actions, which continued to be published and translated after his death in Paris in 1983.
History.
Early years.
Boris Bazhanov was born in 1900 in Mogilev-Podolskiy, Russian Empire (now in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine). When Bazhanov was 17, the Russian Revolution of 1917 splintered power in Ukraine causing the Ukrainian territory to be fought over by various factions. By 1921, when Bazhanov was 21, the territory of modern-day Ukraine was divided between Soviet Ukraine (which would become a constituent republic of the Soviet Union) and Poland, with small regions belonging to Czechoslovakia and Romania.
In 1919, Bazhanov joined the local Communist Party organization and was soon afterward elected district secretary. Quickly rising through local party posts in Ukraine, he went to Moscow to study engineering in November 1920. In 1922 he applied for a technical position with the Central Committee apparatus and was accepted by Ksenofontoff. 
On August 9, 1923, Bazhanov was named assistant to Stalin based on a decision of the organization bureau that read, "Comrade Bazhanov is named assistant to Joseph Stalin and a secretary of the CC."
Stalin's assistant.
As Stalin's assistant, Bazhanov became Secretary of the Politburo and was responsible for taking notes of the meetings. On October 26, 1923, Bazhanov took notes at a Central Committee meeting attended by Vladimir Lenin, Joseph Stalin, and Leon Trotsky at a time when Lenin was very ill and just three months before his death. During the meeting, Lenin offered to appoint Trotsky as his "heir." According to Bazhanov's notes, Trotsky turned down the job of deputy leader because he was Jewish, reasoning "We should not give our enemies the opportunity to say that our country was being ruled by a Jew. ... It would be far better if there was not a single Jew in the first Soviet revolutionary government." After Lenin's death in January 1924, Stalin, Kamenev, and Zinoviev together governed the party, placing themselves ideologically between Trotsky (on the left wing of the party) and Nikolay Bukharin (on the right). Trotsky eventually was forced into exile in Mexico, where he was assassinated in 1940 by a Stalinist agent. Bazhanov's notes were discovered in early 1990 by Soviet historian Victor Danilov and used in support of an answer to one of the mysteries of the Bolshevik Revolution: why Leon Trotsky refused Vladimir Lenin's offer to appoint him as heir.
During the years 1923 - 1924, Bazhanov attended all the meetings of the Politburo and worked in Stalin's secretariat and for the politburo to the end of 1925. In the early 1920s, Bazhanov's role in Stalin's inner circle was smaller than that of the "group of five" composed of Yakov Brezanovsky, Ivan Tovstukha, Amayak Nazaretyan, Georgy Kanner, and Lev Mekhlis. Bazhanov's influence with Stalin increased after Brezanovsky and Nazaretyan left the secretariat. Bazhanov was able to hold on to different positions at the Politburo from 1925 to 1928.
Soviet defector.
Dissatisfied with contributing to Communism, Bazhanov crossed the border to Iran to defect from the Soviet Union on January 1, 1928, the same year that the first of Stalin's Five-Year Plans for the National Economy of the Soviet Union was accepted. Bazhanov would be the only assistant of Stalin's secretariat who would turn against the Soviet regime. Bazhanov subsequently was granted asylum in France.
Through his defection, Bazhanov became an enemy of Stalin. Bazhanov was pursued by a led by Georges Agabekov, who was the chief Soviet spy in the Near East at that time until Agabekov himself defected in France in June 1930. In October 1929, Stalin ordered assassin Yakov Blumkin to travel through Paris to the island of Prinkipo in Istanbul, Turkey to assassinate Trotsky. While in Paris, Blumkin was to assassinate Bazhanov. With the help of his cousin and GPU informer Arkady Maximov, Blumkin staged a car accident. However, the car accident failed to kill Bazhanov. Bazhanov fought in a formation of Russian emigres with the Finnish Army in the defence against the Soviet war to conquer that country.
In the conclusion of the 1978 book "The Storm Petrels: The Flight of the First Soviet Defectors", Bazhanov remarked on "the twisted path of Marxism": "You know, as I do, that our civilization stands on the edge of an abyss... Those who seek to destroy it put forth an ideal. This ideal communism has been proven false by the experience of the last sixty years ... the problem of bringing freedom back to Russia is not insoluble ... the youth of Russia no longer believe in the system, despite the fact that they have known nothing else. If the West its confidence and unity, can win the battle for our civilization and set humanity on the true path to progress, not the twisted path of Marxism."
Bazhanov published an edition of his memoirs in France in 1980, entitled "Memoirs of a Secretary of Stalin's". Bazhanov died in France in January 1983.
Editions of Bazhanov's memoirs.
Retracted parts of the first edition.
The 1930 edition of Bazhanov's memoir had him becoming an anti-Communist well before he came to Moscow and took up positions with the Central Committee. In later editions, Bazhanov retracted these statements, explaining that in reality he soured on the Communist ideology during 1923–1924, while working at the Central Committee. However, he was bound to protect his closet-dissident friends remaining behind in the USSR, by casting himself as a "lone avenger" figure.

</doc>
<doc id="20100167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100167" title="Triumph T140 TSX">
Triumph T140 TSX

The Triumph TSX was a British motorcycle credited by the factory as being designed in 1981–1982 by Triumph Motorcycles America (TMA), the factory's American arm. Steve Wilson's "British Motorcycles Since 1950" and Lindsay Brooke and David Gaylin's "Triumph Motorcycles In America" specifically credit Wayne Moulton, TMA's president, as the designer as he was responsible for the earlier, successful and similarly styled 'LTD' series of motorcycles for his previous employers, Kawasaki. That said, factory correspondence shows Brenda Price, Moulton's predecessor, had earlier persuaded Brian Jones, Meriden's engineering director, to come up with a low rider-styled Triumph for the USA market, her having observed their US dealers' success at independently marketing such models. John Barclay of the factory had earlier designed a prototype low rider, the Phoenix, exhibited on the factory stand at the 1980 London Earls Court motorcycle show. This model with its rectangular headlamp and unusual instrument console was not produced. According to Triumph's records held by the Vintage Motor Cycle Club (VMCC), the first TSX was made for the North American market on 18 June 1981.
Specification.
Essentially a re-styled Triumph Bonneville, the "West Coast" styled TSX was distinguished by its lowered chassis and rear wheel with the engine off-set in the frame to accommodate this. Other changes, whilst unique to the model, were cosmetic including stepped seat, black finished engine with polished fins, re-styled passenger grabrail, shortened front and rear painted mudguards, the latter having a black plastic extension for the larger UK vehicle numberplate, chromed shorty megaphone exhausts with the crossover pipe hidden between them under the bike and flowing thru 1.75" pipes, Morris alloy wheels (then made by Performance Machine) and 'retro' stick on graphics outlined in the usual gold hand pinstriping. Paioli rear suspension units, with plastic top shrouds, were sited at a more acute angle further back on the swinging arm to lower the seat height. Chromed Lucas turn indicators returned in place of the black plastic ULO items that had replaced them on other Triumph models from 1981. A chromed wire mounted Lucas headlamp with sealed beam was changed to the Lucas H4 early in the production run. A Brembo rear brake master cylinder was fitted in place of the usual Automotive Products (AP) Lockheed item which remained for the front, as well as supplying both calipers. Dual front discs were an option. Whilst the 1982–1983 brochure showed Goodyear Eagle tyres fitted, an Avon Roadrunner rear and Speedmaster front tyre went on production models, the tyres' lettering picked out in white. Although the German magazine "Motorad" road-tested a kick start-only version, the kickstart was an optional extra on the production TSX. The standard TSX engine was a T140ES (electric start) 748 cc with two 32-mm Bing carburettors and electronic ignition. The engine was offset to accommodate the fatter rear tyre within the frame which also necessitated a unique swingarm and abbreviated chromed chainguard. The engine also benefitted from an updated crank with more careful machining; the result being greatly reduced vibration. The TSX fuel tank was a unique design for the model having only one Paioli left hand petrol tap situated ahead to accommodate the larger Bing carburettors. This tank also had a centralised filler hole with optional locking cap and a balance pipe situated on the front of the tank's underside.
A total of 371 were produced with 200 shipped to the USA, 100 remaining in the UK and 71 to the rest of the world. Of these 371 units, approximately two-thirds were Gypsy Red in color, and the remaining one-third were Midnight Black. The factory, upon request, produced TSX with a pre-1975 right foot gear change / left foot rear brake assembly and an example of this can be seen at the London Motorcycle Museum. The TSX illustrated is from the UK National Motorcycle Museum.
Production ended with the demise of Triumph at Meriden as the gates were closed one last time on 23 August 1983...
Epilogue.
From Triumph's brochures, the TSX, unchanged, was to have been included in the factory's unrealised 1983–1984 range as the TSX4 with a similarly styled TSX8 with the eight valve engine from the Triumph T140W TSS alongside. Side panel badges added a '4' or '8' to reflect the new designations. 
Nearly all of the TSX cycle parts were used to re-style the 1984 prototype USA versions of the T140 Bonneville and the new TR6 Thunderbird 600, both models only distinguished from the TSX4 by instead retaining wire wheels and adopting the drum rear brake from the deleted Triumph TR65 Thunderbird and TR7T Tiger Trail models. Although not fitted to the 1982–1983 production models, Dunlop tyres, of their 'Qualifier' design this time, were again shown on all USA -styled brochure models, the tyres' lettering again picked out in white. The TSX4 and TSX8 both retained the Avon tyres, fore and aft, as before. The TSX rear mudguard, albeit finished in stainless steel finish, and retaining the plastic UK numberplate mounting extension, was also to have been fitted on all UK–Rest Of World models as standard.
From the records as held by the VMCC, the last TSX was made on 21 December 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20100173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100173" title="Junior Williams">
Junior Williams

Junior Williams (born November 3, 1987) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.
He was an injury replacement for Kithson Bain in the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup, and played in two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20100174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100174" title="Hip Hop TV">
Hip Hop TV

Hip Hop TV is an Italian Music TV channel devoted to hip hop, rap and rhythm and blues music, launched in Italy on SKY Italia channel 720 on October 1, 2008 with the song Laffy Taffy by D4L.
The owner is "Seven Music Entertainment", owned by Gianluca Galliani, son of Adriano Galliani.

</doc>
<doc id="20100182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100182" title="Junior Paul">
Junior Paul

Junior Paul is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100192" title="Henson Cuffie">
Henson Cuffie

Henson Cuffie (born January 15, 1987) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100199" title="Shane Rennie">
Shane Rennie

Shane Rennie (born December 14, 1985) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as midfielder for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100204" title="1966–67 Cincinnati Royals season">
1966–67 Cincinnati Royals season

The 1966-67 season was the Royals 22nd overall, and their tenth in Cincinnati.
The season opened in the glare of their disappointing loss to Boston in the previous season's playoffs. It was considered a rebuilding season with some key roster changes. Long-time stars Jack Twyman and Wayne Embry had both retired, both unhappy with their roles on the team the previous year. Tom Hawkins had rejoined the contending Los Angeles Lakers.
Local college star Conrad 'Connie' Dierking was promoted to starting center, with promising rookie Walt Wesley his backup. First Team All-Pros Jerry Lucas and Oscar Robertson were again the focus of the team. Happy Hairston and Bobby Love saw minutes at forward next to Lucas, while Adrian Smith and Flynn Robinson saw minutes at guard next Robertson.
Clearly rebuilding, the Royals had little hope of matching rivals Boston and Philadelphia this season, as they had a season ago. The team finished third in the NBA's Eastern Division.
Individual performances and off-court activities by Robertson and Lucas marked the season. Robertson was head of the NBA's Player Union and fought for the advancement of players rights on a number of issues. He also posted another Hall Of Fame calibre season as a scorer, accurate shooter, passer and free thrower. Lucas was involved in several off-court business ventures, including his own fast food chain, Jerry Lucas Beef-N-Shakes. While injuries effected him this season, he remained one of best rebounders in NBA history. He also continued to see time at centre for the team as well as forward. Both he and Robertson continued to play huge minutes for the team, rarely leaving the court during games.
Perhaps the biggest highlight of the year was that Art Modell, head of the NFL Cleveland Browns, agreed to sponsor nine home games at the Cleveland Arena over the course of the season. The Cleveland crowds were consistently among the largest the Royals were cheered by that season.
The Royals made the playoffs for their last time while based in Cincinnati. They drew 68-13 record-setting powerhouse Philadelphia as their opponent. Shocking the 76ers with a victory on their own court in Game One, the Royals were then routed over the remaining games of the series to conclude their transitional season.
Playoffs.
East Division Semifinals.
(1) Philadelphia 76ers vs. (3) Cincinnati Royals: "76ers win series 3-1"

</doc>
<doc id="20100206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100206" title="Novellen">
Novellen

Novellen ("Legal Amendments"), opus 146, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The composition was dedicated to the law students of the Vienna University on the occasion of their ball held at the Sofienbad-Saal in Vienna on January 31, 1854. The work reflects Strauss's fascination for the 'revolutionary' orchestrations of Wagner and Meyerbeer. Due to this, the music critic Eduard Hanslick was highly critical of the waltz, saying that "with their lengthy eight-bar motifs, their groaning diminished seventh and ninth chords, the thundering noise of their trombones and timpani, [they are no longer appropriate for dancing. For that reason, not everything which is played in three-quarter-time is a waltz."

</doc>
<doc id="20100207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100207" title="Hafshejan">
Hafshejan

Hafshejan (, also Romanized as Hafshejān and Hafeshjān; also known as Hosheh Gūn, Hushegūn, and Jasteh Jūn) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20,042, in 5,171 families. 
According to grave's date Hafshejan has about 7000 years of history. This region in the gajar time was under the domination of bakhtiaris but after stabilization of central power, power of the bakhtiaris diminished in great amount.
Locals call this city hoshegoon or heyshegoon. One of the beautiful and most known places in Hafshejan in a spring that called cheshme zane; that the word zan in zane part means woman.
It said that many people in Hafshejani was char-va-dar that means a person owns pack animals and carry goods for trading, in addition many others were farmers and used several spring waters to grow their products. Nowadays Hafshejan is famous in Iran for its skillful welders, they work in many pipeline constructions and are well known for their skills.

</doc>
<doc id="20100209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100209" title="Bedford Corners, New York">
Bedford Corners, New York

Bedford Corners is a hamlet in the southeastern corner of the Town of Bedford in Westchester County, New York, United States. It is the newest of four hamlets in Bedford along with historical Katonah, Bedford Hills and the founding village of Bedford Village—established over 300 years ago when the area was contested between Greenwich, Connecticut and Westchester County around 1700. The famous Bedford Oak tree is at least 175 years old. Westchester County ranks number two (number one being Manhattan) for wealthiest counties in New York State and the seventh wealthiest county nationally.
Geography.
Bedford Corners is surrounded to the northeast by Bedford Village, the northwest by Bedford Hills and the southwest by the village of Mount Kisco, with which it shares a post-office and zip code.
The area is very hilly with rocky terrain and substantial native hardwood deciduous trees.
Community.
The area is nearly 100% residential homes with a concentration of commercial activity along South Bedford Road (State Route 117) along the Mt. Kisco border and North Bedford Road, which has a major shopping center including a Target Department store and 10 other smaller stores. The area is served by three commuter rail Metro North train stations—Bedford Hills, Katonah and Mount Kisco—with regular service on the Metro North Harlem Line to New York's Grand Central Terminal approximately 40 miles south. Bedford Corners is 12 miles from the Westchester County Airport also known as "White Plains Airport" designated airport code "HPN". The City of White Plains lies 16 miles south of Bedford Corners. Stonecrest was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Notable natives and residents.
Notable natives and residents of the Town of Bedford, many of whom reside in Bedford Corners, include: 

</doc>
<doc id="20100213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100213" title="Desmond Noel">
Desmond Noel

Desmond Noel (born November 28, 1974) is a Grenadian football player. He currently serves as goalkeeper for the Grenada national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20100224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100224" title="Pat Carney (baseball)">
Pat Carney (baseball)

Patrick Joseph "Doc" Carney (August 7, 1876 – January 9, 1953) was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1901 until 1904, for the Boston Beaneaters, primarily as an outfielder. Carney also pitched for the Beaneaters, pitching in 16 games in 1902, 1903 and 1904, compiling a 4–10 record with an ERA of 4.69.
After his major league career, Carney went on to coach baseball at his alma mater, the College of the Holy Cross, from 1906 until 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20100227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100227" title="Herman Willoch">
Herman Willoch

Herman Willoch (1892–1968) was a Norwegian painter.
He was born in Lindås as the son of vicar Christian Abel Isaachsen, a grandson of Isaach Isaachsen. He was the cousin of Odd Isaachsen Willoch.
He studied under Pola Gauguin at the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts. He worked mainly with frescoes, decorating the city hall in Sandvika.

</doc>
<doc id="20100279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100279" title="Nausicaä (character)">
Nausicaä (character)

Nausicaä (; ) is a fictional character from Hayao Miyazaki's science fiction manga series "Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind" and his anime film of the same name.
The story is set in the future on a post-apocalyptic Earth, where Nausicaä is the princess of the Valley of the Wind, a minor kingdom. She assumes the responsibilities of her ill father and succeeds him to the throne in the course of the story. Fuelled by her love for others and for life itself, Nausicaä studies the ecology of her world to understand the Sea of Corruption (or Toxic Jungle in the anime), a system of flora and fauna which came into being after the Seven Days of Fire, a technological war which killed most of humanity a thousand years prior to the main events in the story.
Miyazaki's Nausicaä has an impressive set of abilities which include her determination and commitment. Her magnetic personality attracts admiration and adoration from nearly all those who meet her. Her empathy allows her to communicate with many animals, including the Ohmu, an intelligent race of giant insects who are guardians of the Sea of Corruption or Toxic Jungle, feared by most other humans. Because the Valley of the Wind has obligations towards its allies, Nausicaä has to join a war between adjacent territories of the remaining inhabitable land. Assuming command of the Valley's small force sets her off on a journey that will alter the course of human existence. The settings, characters and their alliances differ between the manga and the anime. Differences which will be summarised in the Plot Overview section.
The manga and the anime have each attracted a global audience. The film adaptation was made with a cast of well known voice actors, first in Japan and later for its international releases. The plot, themes and characters of the story have also sparked academic interest in different fields of study, which will be briefly summarised in the section on reception.
Development.
Nausicaä has her origins in Miyazaki's aborted anime adaption of Richard Corben's "Rowlf", a comic book about princess "Maryara" of the "Land of Canis" and her dog "Rowlf". Miyazaki found similarities with "Beauty and the Beast". The similarities inspired in him the desire to create a character to highlight the theme of "devotion, self-giving". Finding Corben's princess "bland", Miyazaki imagined "a young girl with character, brimming with sensitivity, to contrast her with an incapable father". Named by Miyazaki, short for Corben's Maryara, this character was a young princess left "bearing the crushing weight of her destiny" when her sick father abdicated. Bestowing the burden of the kingdom on her and forcing her to bridle her personal aspirations. Miyazaki's "Yara" is initially portrayed with a dog "which always accompanied her from a young age and especially cared for his mistress". This pet dog is found in many design sketches of "Yara" but is omitted when the story develops. "Canis valley" eventually becomes "Valley of the Wind" and the pet dog is replaced with a fictional "fox squirrel". Miyazaki intended "Yara" to wear short pants and moccasins, exposing her bare legs "to effectively show vigorous movements and a dynamic character", but he had to abandon that idea as it did not make sense to expose her legs in the harsh environment that began to evolve as he developed the setting for the story. 
The transition from "Yara" to "Nausicaä" came when Miyazaki began to develop his own character, after the project to adapt Corben's comic fell through. The character went though a few intermediate phases in which the name was retained. Miyazaki had taken a liking to the name "Nausicaä", and he used it to rename his main character.
The name comes from the Phaeacian princess Nausicaa of the "Odyssey", who assisted Odysseus. The Nausicaa of the "Odyssey" was "renowned for her love of nature and music, her fervid imagination and disregard for material possessions", traits which Dani Cavallaro sees in Miyazaki's Nausicaä. Miyazaki has written that he identified particularly with Bernard Evslin's description of the character in "Gods, Demigods and Demons", translated into Japanese by Minoru Kobayashi. Miyazaki expressed disappointment, about not finding the same splendor in the character he had found in Evlin's book, when he read Homer's original poem.
An other inspiration is the main character from The Princess who loved insects. A Japanese tale from the Heian period, one of the short stories collected in the Tsutsumi Chūnagon Monogatari. It tells the story of a young princess who is considered to be rather eccentric by her peers because, although of marriageable age, she prefers to spend her time outdoors studying insects, rather than grooming herself in accordance with the rules and expectations of the society of her era. The princess questions why other people see only the beauty of the butterfly and do not recognise the beauty and usefulness of the caterpillar from which it must grow. Miyazaki notes that the lady would not be perceived the same way in our own time as in the Heian period. He wonders about her ultimate fate, which isn't explained in the surviving fragments of the incomplete texts. Miyazaki has said that Evslin's Nausicaa reminds him of this princess, stating that the two characters "became fused into one and created the story".
Miyazaki also said that Nausicaä is "governed by a kind of animism". Miyazaki felt that it was important to make Nausicaä a female because he felt that this allowed him to create more complex villains, saying "If we try to make an adventure story with a male lead, we have no choice but to do "Indiana Jones", with a Nazi or someone else who is a villain in everyone's eyes". Miyazaki said of Nausicaä that " is not a protagonist who defeats an opponent, but a protagonist who understands, or accepts. She is someone who lives on a different dimension. That kind of person should be female, not male." When asked about Nausicaä's "vision and intellect far greater than other people's", her "distinguished fighting skills", and her leadership, including taking "the role of legendary savior", Miyazaki said that he wanted to create a heroine who was not a "consummately normal" person, "just like you or everyone else around you".
Nausicaä's affinity with the wind was inspired by translations of European geography books from the Middle Ages, where mastery of the wind was described as "witchcraft" and was feared and respected. Mills were described in these books as being used for "pushing sand dunes or grinding grain", which left an impression on Miyazaki. Inspired by the "Earthsea" cycle of Ursula K. Le Guin, Miyazaki coined the term as an alternative to Guin's "Master Windkey", which was translated into Japanese as .
Miyazaki had intended to make "Yara" more pulpy than his other female characters, a feature of sketches of her created between 1980 and 1982. However, he realised that he could not draw Nausicaä nude without feeling like he should apologise, changing his idea of the story to be more "spiritual". When Miyazaki draws Nausicaä in poses which are a little "sexy", like the cover of "Animage" in March 1993, where Nausicaä smiles while wearing a torn tank top, he cautions that "Nausicaä never takes such a pose", however this does not prevent him from drawing her like this, saying, "Well, if I hadn't drawn her as beautiful, there would have been some problems. I thought that I should settle down and draw her consistently, but every time I drew her, her face changed-even I was overpowered." He felt that over the 14 year run of the manga, rather than Nausicaä changing as a character, instead Miyazaki felt that he understood her better. When Miyazaki is obligated to draw Nausicaä smiling for covers or character posters, he finds it difficult because "it does not match the character of heroine". He does not like "representing Nausicaä as too radiant or with the attitudes typical of a heroine", and imagines that instead of this, when she is alone, she has a "serious [... calm and collected" (but "not surly") attitude. He regards her "sombre and reserved" nature to be offset by her femininity. Miyazaki believes that characters like this, "far from being fulfilled [...] are the most altruistic".
The "kana" Miyazaki chose to write Nausicaä's name in, ナウシカ (nauʃika), follows the spelling used by Kobayashi for the translations of Evslin's work. Miyazaki prefers it to other transcriptions of Nausicaä also in use, ノシカ (noʃika) and ノジカ (noʒika). In English, the Greek name is normally pronounced , but in the soundtrack for the film it is .
Helen McCarthy considers Shuna from "Journey of Shuna" to be prototypical to Nausicaä, and Dani Cavallaro feels Lana from "Future Boy Conan" and Clarisse of "Castle of Cagliostro" are also prototypical to Nausicaä.
Character outline.
Although a skillful fighter, Miyazaki's Nausicaä is humane and peace-loving. She has an unusual gift for communicating with the giant insects, and is noted for her empathy toward animals, humans, and other beings. An intelligent girl, Nausicaä frequently explores the toxic wasteland which surrounds the kingdoms, and conducts scientific experiments in an attempt to define the true nature and origins of the toxic world in which she lives. Her explorations are facilitated by her skill at "windriding"; flying with an advanced glider-like craft called "Mehve", equipped with a jet-assist.
Plot overview.
The story of the manga, refined by Miyazaki over 13 years between February 1982 and March 1994, was published in the magazine "Animage" and collected into seven volumes. It is much more complex than the story told by the film.
The film was developed in 1983, when Tokuma Shoten, the publisher of "Animage", felt that the manga was successful enough to make "a gamble" at a film being economically viable. The film takes the context and characters, but the scenario is radically different from that of the manga, although many scenes from the manga (corresponding roughly to the first two volumes) were used with only slight changes.
In the summary below, parts of the manga where Nausicaä is absent have been omitted to focus on the character.
In the manga.
Nausicaä is the princess of the Valley of the Wind, a very small nation with fewer than 500 inhabitants (and steadily declining in population). She is the eleventh child of King Jihl, and the only one to live to maturity. She is rarely seen without her Mehve or her companion, Teto the fox-squirrel. At the beginning of the manga, Nausicaä, the princess of the Valley of the Wind, is set to succeed her ill father, who can no longer go to war to honour an old alliance. Under the command of the princess of Tolmekia, Kushana, Nausicaä needs to go to war against the Dorok Empire in a suicide mission across the Sea of Corruption. Delayed in the forest by the attack of Asbel, where she saves the insects, she encounters a tribe of Dorok and learns of their plans to destroy the Tolmekian army. She helps the baby Ohmu which was tortured by the Dorok to attract the insects to the Tomekian army, and her dress is stained blue with its blood. She is recognised as "The Blue Clad One", a figure in the Dorok mythos who is fated to cause a revolution in the world.
Having awakened the old heretical legends, Nausicaä becomes a mortal enemy of Miralupa, the younger of the two brothers who rule the Dorok Empire, who uses his mental powers to try to infiltrate her mind when she is weak. Miralupa is betrayed and murdered by his older brother, Namulith, and at the doors of death, finds his redemption in the spirit of Nausicaä. Nausicaä discovers that the Dorok are using a new fungus of the forest as a biological weapon to extend their reach. She arrives at an understanding of the role of the Sea of Corruption and its inhabitants in the process of purifying the Earth.
When Namulith decided to forcefully marry Kushana to form a single empire under his rule she initially feigns acceptance but later rejects him and his proposal. His grand designs start to unravel. In a confrontation with Nausicaä, Namulith spitefully foists a rediscovered god-warrior off on Nausicaä in revenge and shoulders her with the burden of taking care of the reactivated creature and the responsibility for saving the world. The god-warrior is a living weapon, an artifact from the ancient world which led to the Seven Days of Fire. Not knowing what to do with this immeasurably dangerous and uncontrollable creature who takes her for its mother, found at Pejite, then stolen by the Tolmekians and finally by the Dorok, Nausicaä names the god-warrior Ohma. She decides to go with Ohma to the Crypt of Shuwa to seal all the technologies of the ancient world behind its doors. However, Ohma is damaged and crash lands near some ruins. Hidden within these ruins Nausicaä discovers the Garden of Shuwa, a respository of seeds, animals, and cultural knowledge from previous ages.
She goes through a test of character, as the Master of the Garden imitates her mother to tempt her to stay. She outwits the Master and learns the secrets of the Sea of Corruption and the Crypt. Meanwhile Ohma, controlled by the Tolmekian Emperor Vuh, fights the Master of the Crypt. After cracking the crypt, Ohma dies of his wounds. Nausicaä finally joins in destroying the foundations of the building, sealing the old technology inside.
In the film.
After finding the shell of an Ohmu while collecting spores in the Toxic Forest, Nausicaä rescues Master Yupa from an Ohmu that she pacifies.Lord Yupa then gives Nausicaa a fox squirrel she names Teto. Upon returning to the Valley of the Wind, Obaba tells the legend of the Blue Clad One, who will walk in a field of gold and renew the lost link with the Earth. The next night, a Tolmekian airship is attacked by insects and crashes in the Valley of the Wind, and Nausicaä hears the last words of Lastel, a princess of the city of Pejite who wants the ship's cargo to be destroyed. When the people of the Valley of the Wind try to destroy the airborne spores of the Toxic Jungle, they note that a wounded insect that Nausicaä reassured retreated back to the Toxic Jungle.
The cargo of the Tolmekian ship, a hibernating god-warrior, is retrieved by the people of the Valley of the Wind, and they are immediately visited by many Tolmekian ships and tanks who kill King Jihl, the father of Nausicaä. Filled with rage, Nausicaä kills many soldiers before Yupa intervenes. The Tolmekians, led by Princess Kushana, intend to retrieve and awaken the god-warrior, and use it to burn the Toxic Jungle. Obaba opposes this idea, saying that all who have tried to destroy the forest have been killed by the angry Ohmu and the jungle grew over their towns and bodies. However, to avoid a slaughter, Nausicaä agrees to become Kushana's hostage and accompany her to rejoin the main Tolmekian army at the city of Pejite, which the Tolmekians have already conquered.
During the journey, they are attacked by Lastel's brother Asbel, who almost destroys the entire fleet, and is apparently killed. Mito, Nausicaa and Kushana escape using the gunship and land in the jungle. Nausicaa communicates with the Ohmu and discovers that Asbel is alive and she uses her glider to rescue him. They sink into the sands of the jungle and discover a non-toxic world beneath the jungle. Nausicaa realizes that the plants of the jungle are purifying the soil and producing clean water and air.
Actors.
Nausicaä is voiced in Japanese by Sumi Shimamoto, who won the role after impressing Hayao Miyazaki with her performance of Clarisse in "Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro". Patrick Drazen praised Shimamoto's acting in a scene where Nausicaä stops an insect from diving into an acidic pool by getting in its way. She is burned by the acid and she screams. Drazen described this scream as being one which "tears at the listener and raises the bar for cartoon voices". Nausicaä's English-language voice was performed by Alison Lohman.
Reception.
In a chapter dealing with "Female masculinity and fantasy spaces", Nausicaä is described as being a "strong young female lead drawn strongly from the "shoujo" tradition", relating the story of a Takarazuka Revue playwright called Ogita who compares his work with Miyazaki's. For Ogita, it is most important that the heroines of Miyazaki are pure and asexual, to emphasise themes of purity and strength. who "takes charge" of her own life, Nausicaä has also been said to have a "brave and wholesome" mind, and as "one of the best examples of a truly "empowered" female." Stig Høgset found the too-perfect portrayal of Nausicaä to be unrealistic. Susan J. Napier argues that as Nausicaa is the heroine of an epic, her competence, powers, and presentation as a messiah are not part of Nausicaa being an unrealistic character, but instead, she is real as a character inside the epic genre. In the beginning of the film, Nausicaä is presented as "a mix of precocity and fairy-tale innocence", her innocence coming not from naivety but from scientific wonder. Early in the story, she kills the warriors who killed her father, which Susan J. Napier described as "genuinely shocking," and Kaori Yoshida points to as evidence of Nausicaä representing "traditional masculinity rather than femininity". When she avenges her father's death, the scene is "ambivalent" in its message, suggesting both "a masculine rite-of-passage" and "a moral object lesson", which makes Nausicaä afraid of her own power. Nausicaä later "comes to regret her vengeance" and becomes a diplomat to prevent further wars between the different states. Although Nausicaä is a warrior, Nausicaä acts "reassuringly cute" such as taming Teto and calling things "pretty", which contrasts her with San of "Princess Mononoke". Inaga Shimegi feels that Teto's taming is the first glimpse of Nausicaä's "supernatural ability of communication". Thomas Zoth regards Nausicaä as "Miyazaki's archetypal heroine" and notes shades of her in Ashitaka, San and Lady Eboshi of "Princess Mononoke".
Opinion is divided as to whether Nausicaä is sexualised or not - Napier notes that Nausicaä's relationship with Asbel is "potentially erotic", but Kaori Yoshida says that Nausicaä's body "is not the typical kind designed to stimulate" the male gaze. The quality of tapes on early fansubs lead to the rumor that Nausicaä does not wear any pants. Yoshida presents Hiromi Murase's theory that Nausicaä represents a post-oedipal mother figure. Susan J. Napier and Patrick Drazen note a parallel between the character of Kushana, the rival warrior princess, and that of Nausicaä: Napier describes Kushana as Nausicaä's "shadow", noting that Kushana is not shown with any "alleviating, feminine" virtues as Nausicaä is, but that they share the same tactical brilliance. Drazen describes this as a "feminine duality". Miyazaki has described the two characters as being "two sides of the same coin", but Kushana has "deep, physical wounds".
Nausicaä is presented as a messiah and also acts on an ideology of how to interact with the natural world. Her powers are presented as proof of the "rightness" of her "mode of thought". Unlike other characters who avoid or try to ignore the forest, Nausicaä is scientifically and beatifically interested in the forest. Lucy Wright believes that Nausicaa's world-view reflects a Shinto worldview, as expressed by Motoori Norinaga: "this heaven and earth and all things therein are without exception strange and marvellous when examined carefully." Wright believes that Nausicaa is presented as a "healing deity", as she is concerned with the space between purity and corruption, and atones for the wrongs of other people. In the manga, Nausicaa faces an old monk who says "the death of the world is inescapable" because of the folly of men, Nausicaa retorts: "Our God of the Winds teaches us that life is above all! And I love life! The light, the sky, the men, the insects, I love them all more than anything!!" Later, she responds to the Guardian of the tomb of Shuwa who tries to tell her she is selfish for refusing the purification program of the old Earth and allowing the sacrifice of all the lives of the ancient world: "We can know the beauty and the cruelty of the world without the help of a giant tomb and its retinue of servants. Because our god, he lives in the smallest leaf and the smallest insect." Raphaël Colson and Gaël Régner see in these tirades a "world view which clearly calls to mind the spirit of Shinto".
When the god soldier is activated, he chooses Nausicaä to be his "mother" and asks her who she wants him to kill. Marc Hairston considers this to be a recurring theme throughout the manga: Nausicaä is given power and is told to make difficult decisions. In 2000, Nausicaä placed eleventh in an Animax poll of favourite anime characters. The first daughter of Jean Giraud is named after the character. The character from "" has been noted to bear many similarities to Nausicaä.
Nausicaä won the seventh "Animage" Grand Prix, and the June 1987 Grand Prix, coming second in May 1991, and again coming first in December 1992.
Frederik L. Schodt believes that in the film, Nausicaä's character became "slightly sweeter, almost sappy" and suggests that her "high voice" and the low camera angles which show the bottom of her skirt to be due to "an emphasis on 'prepubescent female cuteness' in commercial animation."
Marc Hairston reads the 1995 music video "On Your Mark" as being Miyazaki's "symbolic release" of Nausicaä.
Raphaël Colson and Gaël Régner feel that Nausicaa had "to grow up faster than her age" because of her responsibilities, but that she acts with maturity, diplomacy, attention and resolve. They see her as "the princess of an idealised feudal system ... loved and respected by her subjects, ... feared and admired by her enemies."

</doc>
<doc id="20100288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100288" title="Alejandro Veloza">
Alejandro Veloza

Alejandro Veloza is a Colombian guitarist who participates in the recognized Ska band La Severa Matacera. He is the lead guitarist and secondary vocalist. He also works in a Thrash/Speed Metal Colombian band called Toxic.
He produced the first two studio albums of the band ("Cuando la Gente se Pare" and "Energia Positiva") with the co-production of Alex Arce, Carlos Pino, Gomer Ramirez, and Juan Felipe Pinzon.
He has participated in 7 Shows of Rock al Parque, a famous rock festival in Bogotá.
Guitars.
In his shows, he uses either a yellow Gibson Les Paul or an Orange Epiphone Les Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="20100308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100308" title="Mark Dietlein">
Mark Dietlein

Mark A. Dietlein (born 1955) was a co-founder and is the current president and chief executive officer of Hale Centre Theatre in Utah. He served for six years as a member of the Young Men General Board of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He is the son of Sandra and Allan Dietlein and oldest grandson of Ruth Hale.
As a young man, Dietlein served in the Utah Salt Lake City and Brazil Porto Alegre Missions of the LDS Church. He studied at Brigham Young University, where he earned a degree in finance and real estate management.
In 1985 Dietlein and his wife, Sally, co-founded Hale Centre Theatre along with his grandparents, Ruth and Nathan Hale and Sally Hale Rice. Hale Centre Theatre currently plays to an audience of 250,000 patrons each year and has become the nation’s highest attended community theatre.
Prior to being called as a member of the Young Men General Board in early 2006, Dietlein had served as a counselor in a stake presidency, bishop, elders quorum president, high councilor, and scout leader in the LDS Church.
Dietlein is married to the former Sally Maynard who serves as vice president of Hale Centre Theatre. They have four children and nine grandchildren. 

</doc>
<doc id="20100325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100325" title="Wieland der Schmied (libretto)">
Wieland der Schmied (libretto)

Wieland der Schmied "(Wieland the Smith)" is a draft by Richard Wagner for an opera libretto based on the Germanic legend of Wayland Smith. It is listed in the Wagner-Werk-Verzeichnis as WWV82.
Background.
Wagner was motivated by his enthusiasm for the "Romeo and Juliet" symphony of Hector Berlioz to create a libretto which might serve for a production at the Paris Opéra, with music perhaps to be written by Berlioz or by himself. The draft, which is mostly in prose, was written between December 1849 and March 1850. It was published as an appendix to Wagner's essay "The Art-Work of the Future" as an example of the ideals to which such art-works should aspire - "a glorious Saga which long ago the raw, uncultured Folk of old-time Germany indited for no other reason than that of inner, free, Necessity".
The libretto contains many elements which are found in other of Wagner's operas (a swan, a wound, a spear, a ring, smithying, an absent mysterious father, a forbidden question), and one biographer calls it 'one of Wagner's most frankly autobiographic libretti'. Nevertheless Wagner decided to abandon it, presumably because he realised its subject matter was not to French taste. He offered the libretto to Franz Liszt who also declined it.
The libretto was eventually adapted by O. Schlemm for the composer Jan Levoslav Bella who composed an opera on it between 1880 and 1890. (See "Wieland der Schmied (opera)".) This was eventually produced in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia in 1926. Revivals were produced in Slovak, under the title "Kováč Wieland".
Story.
Swanhilde is the daughter of a marriage between a mortal woman and a fairy king, who forbids his wife to ask about his origins; on her asking him he vanishes. Swanhilde and her sisters are however able to fly as swans. But wounded by a spear, Swanhilde falls to earth and is rescued by the master-craftsman Wieland, and marries him, putting aside her wings and her magic ring of power. Wieland's enemies, the Neidings, under Princess Bathilde, steal the ring, kidnap Swanhilde and destroy Wieland's home. When Wieland searches for Swanhilde, they entrap and cripple him. However he fashions wings for himself and escapes with Swanhilde as the house of the Neidings is destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="20100352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100352" title="List of Canada Twenty20 International cricketers">
List of Canada Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Canadian Twenty20 International cricketers. A Twenty20 International (T20I) is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC), and is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.
Statistics are correct as at 6 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20100412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100412" title="Max Scratchmann">
Max Scratchmann

Max Scratchmann is a British illustrator and author.
He was born in Calcutta, India, to Scottish parents in 1956 and is the author of the autobiographical book, The Last Burrah Sahibs - "Scratchmann tells his story and introduces his characters with the easy style of a practiced humorist" The Scots Magazine
He studied English Literature at the University of Strathclyde but preferred art and began illustrating professionally in the late seventies working as a cartoonist and comic artist but his career took off when he developed a collage style in the 1980s. His editorial work has appeared in magazines and newspapers in the UK, US and Japan including The Guardian, The Big Issue and City Life.
Scratchmann is known for the 'operatic' quality of his images and has created numerous posters for theatre companies, including The Coliseum and Scottish Opera, and in 1996 he was commissioned by Manchester University Press to re-illustrate all the play text covers of their Revels series. His efforts were recognised by the Dimensional Illustrators and the work was exhibited at the Art Directors' Club Gallery in New York city.
He had his first one-man-show in August 1999, and his 2008 show, Magicians was described as "an intricate fantasy, nonetheless magical for its mercurial truths" by the Glasgow Herald.
Scratchmann is the author of "Illustration 101" and "Chucking It All", a memoir pulped by its original publisher after its characterisation of Orcadians caused widespread offence in the islands. Scratchmann is also a contributor to various poetry anthologies, the most notable being "Star Trek - The Poems".

</doc>
<doc id="20100428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100428" title="Pan American Day">
Pan American Day

Pan American Day is a holiday observed by several countries in North and South America. It commemorates the First International Conference of American States which concluded on April 14, 1890, creating the International Union of American Republics, the forerunner to the Organization of American States (OAS). The holiday was originally proposed by the organization in 1930, and was first observed on April 14, 1931.
In the United States, Pan American Day is observed by Presidential proclamation on April 14. In addition, the entire week on which the holiday falls is observed as Pan American Week.

</doc>
<doc id="20100503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100503" title="Elvanfoot railway station">
Elvanfoot railway station

Elvanfoot railway station was a station which served Elvanfoot, in the Scottish county of South Lanarkshire. It was served by local trains on what is now known as the West Coast Main Line.
History.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923.
Between 1901 and 1938, Elvanfoot was the junction for the branch to Wanlockhead.
Current operations.
Trains pass at speed on the electrified West Coast Main Line. Also at this location is a feeder station from the National Grid. Very few remnants of the station are still visible on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20100518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100518" title="St. Kevin's Church, Camden Row, Dublin">
St. Kevin's Church, Camden Row, Dublin

St. Kevin's Church (), in St. Kevin's Park, Camden Row, Dublin, Ireland, is a church dating back at least as far as the 13th century, and was dedicated to Kevin of Glendalough.
The church.
The church was first mentioned in historical annals in 1226. It was situated some distance from the walls of Dublin, in the Irish part of the city, but close to a monastic settlement in the region of present-day Aungier Street. From the 13th century it formed part of the Manor of St. Sepulchre, which was directly under the jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Dublin. An archaeological excavation carried out in 1967 uncovered some medieval graves and coins. The present ruined church, built on the foundation of the medieval one, dates to around 1750.
The church is the burial place of Archbishop Dermot O'Hurley (), who was interred here after his execution on 20 June 1584 at Hoggen Green. O'Hurley, ordained Archbishop of Cashel in 1581, was imprisoned and tortured by government authorities upon his return from Rome in 1583. His grave became a place of veneration for Roman Catholics for several hundred years. In 1609, in view of the throngs of pilgrims coming to his grave, the church was rebuilt and a new entrance was made.
In the early years of the Irish Confederate Wars (1641–1649) incursions were made into the church lands surrounding St. Kevin's by bands of Confederate soldiers stationed in Wicklow. Trenches were dug near the church to help protect the city, but the marauders were able to make off with cattle, horses and the occasional merchant who was unlucky enough to find himself in the wrong place at the wrong time, all of which they transported into the "wilds of Wicklow". Despite cease-fires being arranged, this situation continued until the Battle of Rathmines sealed the fate of the Irish and Royalist forces.
In 1698, the time of the Penal Laws, the church was offered to the Huguenot community as a place of worship and cemetery. The graveyard continued to be used by Catholics until the end of the 19th century.
The parish.
After the Reformation the parish of St. Kevin was administered by the Church of Ireland; it stretched as far south as present-day Rathmines and Harold's Cross. The parish was taken over by that of St. Peter's when that parish was set up in 1680. This was due to the shortage of clergymen in Dublin at the time. St. Kevin's church became a chapel of ease to St. Peter's in Aungier St., and a parish school was set up nearby on Camden Row. Its last rector was Thomas Chatterton Hammond (1877–1961), who took over the post in 1910. 
The civil parish of St. Peter (which corresponded to the United Parish of St. Peter and St. Kevin) had a population of 73,000 in 1901, and 43,000 in 1971.
The cemetery.
During the 17th and 18th centuries many notable people resident in the suburbs south of the city were interred here. After the Reformation, although a Protestant cemetery, it had come by custom to be used by Catholics and the Quakers. People buried here include: 
In 1825 John D'Arcy, owner of Anchor Breweries, the second largest porter company in Dublin at the time, was to be buried in St. Kevin's cemetery, having died suddenly after falling from his horse. When his funeral procession from Francis St. reached St. Kevin's cemetery the sexton, under the authority of the Protestant Archbishop of Dublin, Dr. Magee, met it at the gate and forbade Catholic prayers being recited at the grave-side; they had to be said on the roadway. The mourners retreated peacefully, but a huge outcry erupted as soon as the facts became known, which reached the ears of the Lord Lieutenant, The Marquess Wellesley (brother of the Duke of Wellington, and himself married to a Catholic). He expressed disapproval of Dr. Magee's order, and despite much opposition (cemeteries were a valuable source of income to their owners) tried to alleviate Catholic grievances. Daniel O'Connell used the scandal provoked by this to such effect that he was able to get through the legislation in establishing Golden Bridge (1829) and Prospect (1831) cemeteries, which led to the establishment of Glasnevin Cemetery.
At the start of the 19th century the cemetery, like many others in Dublin, became a target of the body-snatchers, although it was surrounded by high walls (changed to railings in the 1960s). In February 1830 a Frenchman named Nagles and his friend were attacked by a group of "sack-em-ups" lying in wait near the cemetery. The criminals' attention was diverted by the arrival of a cart-load of dead bodies, giving Nagles the opportunity to escape and notify the police at Arran Quay, who apprehended the culprits. On one occasion a body-snatcher was chased as far as Thomas Street, where he finally dropped his booty—the body of a young girl. 
In June 1961 the body of a local five-year-old boy from Cuffe Street was found in the graveyard. Blood-stained stones found nearby indicated that he had been murdered, but despite an intensive investigation, the murderer was never discovered.
Notable parishioners.
Field Marshal The 1st Duke of Wellington, of Battle of Waterloo fame, was baptized in this church. The font that was used was given to Taney parish in Dundrum in 1912, when St. Kevin's was closed, and is now in St. Nahi's Church there.
The Reverend Stephen Jerome, who in 1639 was vicar of the parish, was a noted preacher and writer. After 1649 he was appointed a special preacher at St Patrick's Cathedral but was criticized for his Puritan views.

</doc>
<doc id="20100542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100542" title="Malcolm Grainger">
Malcolm Grainger

Malcolm Grainger (born August 11, 1975) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Gwelo (now Gweru).
Grainger made an appearance for Matabeleland Schools against Ireland in 1991.
Grainger's first and only first-class appearance came in the 1994/95 Logan Cup competition, against Mashonaland Under-24s. Batting in the tailend, he scored 19 runs in the first innings and six in the second.
Grainger took figures of 5-35 with the ball, but did not play another first-class match.

</doc>
<doc id="20100557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100557" title="Odd Isaachsen Willoch">
Odd Isaachsen Willoch

Odd Isaachsen Willoch (26 February 1885 – 9 April 1940) was a Norwegian naval officer who commanded one of the two coastal defence ships defending Narvik during the German invasion of Norway on 9 April 1940.
Personal life.
Odd Isaachsen Willoch was born in Larvik, the son of chief engineer Einar Isaachsen and his wife Hannah (née Isaachsen). Willoch's grandfather was politician Isaach Isaachsen. He was a nephew of painter Olaf Isaachsen, and a cousin of painter Herman Willoch, physicist Daniel Isaachsen and scientist Haakon Isaachsen.
He was the father of businessman Finn Isaachsen Willoch, and through him the grandfather of politician Ingrid I. Willoch. In addition, Odd Isaachsen Willoch was the uncle of national aviation director Erik I. Willoch and Prime Minister 1981–1986 Kåre I. Willoch.
In 1911 Willoch married Marie Kristine ("Maja") Foss (born 1888 in Mosjøen), fathering three children with her. They lived in Horten.
Career.
Odd Isaachsen Willoch made a career in the Royal Norwegian Navy, attending the Norwegian Military Academy and studying radio technology in the United Kingdom. Before the Second World War he commanded the offshore patrol vessels "Fridtjof Nansen" and "Michael Sars". In 1928 Willoch took part in the search for the Latham 47 flying boat that had disappeared over the Barents Sea while carrying the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen.
By 1940 he had reached the rank of Captain ("kommandørkaptein") and commanded the coastal defence ship HNoMS "Eidsvold" in 1940.
The Second World War.
On 9 April 1940 Norway was invaded by Nazi German forces as part of the Operation Weserübung. The northern port of Narvik, defended amongst other sea and land units by HNoMS "Eidsvold" and her sister ship HNoMS "Norge", was one of their most important targets due its role as an all-year export port of Swedish iron ore.
As part of the Royal Norwegian Navy's efforts to protect and defend Norway's neutrality in the Second World War "Norge" and "Eidsvold", the largest and most heavily armed Norwegian warships in service, had been based in Narvik. The 4,000 ton vessels and their commanders and crews were under orders to fire at any intruder, Narvik was under any and all circumstances to be defended by force. During the night of 8/9 April 1940 reports started coming in of German attacks further south in Norway, in the Oslofjord, at Bergen and at Trondheim. It was still, however, unclear of who would reach Narvik first, the Germans or the British. It was known to the Norwegian commanders that the Royal Navy operated with a large force just off Northern Norway and it was therefore anticipated that these naval forces might attack Narvik to destroy the numerous German cargo ships in the port. In all there were 25 civilian ships of various nationalities in the port of Narvik in the morning of 9 April 1940. For several weeks the Norwegian coastal defence ships had been preparing for war, carrying out intense gunnery exercises with live ammunition. The situation had been steadily become more and more tense since the Altmark Incident on 16 February 1940.
In the early hours of 9 April Willoch moved his warship out of Narvik Harbour to a position north of the Framnesodden peninsula. Soon after radio messages were received from the patrol boat "Kelt" further out in the Ofotfjord, relayed from "Norge", that nine German destroyers were sailing towards Narvik. The tenth destroyer had been delayed and was lagging behind the rest of the German force. By 0400hrs visibility was so poor that the crew of the "Eidsvold" could not see land although they were only around from shore, at which point Willoch ordered that his ship was to raise anchor. At 0415hrs the first two German ships were spotted.
As the German naval force of 10 destroyers attempted to enter Narvik Harbour Willoch challenged them, signalling the lead destroyer. When the intruding ships failed to reply to the light signals "Eidsvold" fired a warning shot from one of her 76 mm (3 inch) guns. In response to the warning shot the German flotilla commander, Kapitän zur See Friedrich Bonte, despatched an emissary to the "Eidsvold". The German officer told Willoch that the Germans were "coming as friends", but that the Norwegians had to hand over their warships to the German armed forces. Captain Willoch asked for time to consult his commander, Captain Per Askim, the commander of "Norge". This request was refused by the Germans, but while Willoch had been talking to the German officer the radio officer on board the "Eidsvold" had communicated the events to Askim. Askim's response to the German demands and order to Willoch came immediately; Willoch and the "Eidsvold" was to open fire. Willoch responded to Askim; "I am attacking". While this was going on the German destroyer "Wilhelm Heidkamp" had positioned herself off the port side of "Eidsvold" and trained her torpedo launchers on the Norwegian ship.
When the order came from Askim the German officer was about to leave to "Eidsvold" to return to his own vessel, but he was called back by the Norwegians and informed that the demands were not going to be met and that the Norwegian warship was to resist the German encroachment. The German officer did not reply to the Norwegian statements, but when the German launch set off away from the "Eidsvold" the people on board fired a red signal flare. As the Germans moved away in their launch Willoch commanded his port battery to open fire and a drum signal was initiated. Willoch shouted to the crewmen around him: (). Seconds later, as Eidsvold had closed the distance to "Wilhelm Heidkamp" to , but before the large-calibre guns of the "Eidsvold" could open fire, three torpedoes struck her. Just before the torpedoes hit the ship's battery commander had given the order; "Port battery, salvo". One of the German torpedoes hit the main ammunition hold, tearing apart "Eidsvold", killing many crewmen and leaving the initial survivors swimming in water only just above freezing. "Eidsvold" broke in two and sank in 15 seconds, the stern disappearing last at 0437hrs. Only six seamen survived the sinking of "Eidsvold"; Willoch was not among the survivors.
Honours.
Willoch was awarded with the Haakon VII Coronation Medal, he was a Knight of the Icelandic Order of the Falcon and a Chevalier of the French Légion d'honneur.

</doc>
<doc id="20100567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100567" title="The Magic Voyage">
The Magic Voyage

The Magic Voyage is a 1992 German animated fantasy film, released theatrically in Germany as Die Abenteuer von Pico und Columbus (English: The Adventures of Pico and Columbus) by Bavaria Film in February 14, 1992. The film was later dubbed in English and released in the United States and Canada. The first one was a rare English dub, while the second English dub was released by Hemdale Film Corporation as "The Magic Voyage" on April 23, 1993. It was produced and directed by Michael Schoemann.
Plot.
The year is 1492. Many people believed that the world was flat, and that ships would fall off the edge of the earth and float off into space. However, an Italian navigator named Christopher Columbus had a revolutionary idea — he thought that the world was square. That is, until a small woodworm named Pico overhears him and convinces Columbus that the world is really round by eating up the edges of his square globe, making it look round. Finally realizing that the world is round, Columbus decides to take his discovery to King Ferdinand and his wife Queen Isabella. Pico joins him, and the duo instantly become friends.
As Columbus shows the King that the world is round and not flat, the King is outraged by this theory and has his guards throw Columbus out. But before they even get his hands on him, Isabella barges in and is instantly love-struck by Columbus. Columbus explains his voyage that'll prove his newly discovered theory to Isabella, and she decides to finance Columbus' voyage to prove that the world is round. The King agrees to do this as well, but he tells Columbus that if he doesn't return with gold, he will be executed. As the three have a feast that night, Pico decides to leave them and snoop around the castle. He climbs a large tower and hops across from the window onto a chandelier, where he meets Marilyn, the fairy princess of a faraway land. All was well with her land until the evil Swarm Lord took her away and keeps her prisoner inside the chandelier until she tells him the secret of her powers, which don't work on the forces of evil. Pico and Marilyn try to escape, but the Swarm Lord returns and takes Marilyn away to his lair in the still-undiscovered new world of America. As the Swarm Lord flies away, Pico determines to get Marilyn back.
The next day, Columbus is about to set sail on the Santa Maria to discover the new world. Pico rushes to the ship, but is stopped by a trio of rats, who plan to eat him. Pico manages to escape, but the rats follow him, hopefully to get a free ride to the new world. Pico gets on board Columbus's ship. The two friends reunite, and Pico explains that he needs to save Marilyn. Columbus's shipmates overhear their captain talking to Pico, and come to the conclusion that Columbus is crazy. As the ships continue on their voyage, Pico bumps into the rats again. They want to leave the ship on one of the lifeboats, because they overheard that the ship is heading to the supposed "edge of the earth". Pico needs them to stay, in case if the shipmates want to plan a mutiny on Columbus, and the lifeboat is his only chance. Pico convinces the rats to stay with his lie that there's giant amounts of cheese at the new world. 
As day fades into night, Pico overhears that the shipmates really plan to kill Columbus and turn back in order to stay away from the edge of the earth. Pico tells this to Columbus, and Columbus is worried. However, he distracts his crew by singing a song to them about life on the sea and other leaders from other time periods, including Ulysses, the Romans and the Vikings. Though he gets carried away with the final lyrics to the song that insults the crew ("I heard a tale of travelers who feared they'd reach the edge / But long before, a serpent came and ate them up instead"), they let Columbus live. The next day, Columbus and the crew think they see land, but it's actually a deserted Viking ship. The crew is angry at Columbus once more and try to hang him. As he's hanging, Columbus sees the new world. Just then, the Swarm Lord flies over the ship and tries to kill everyone on the ship. The ship manages to get away, and lands on The New World by crashing into a dam made by a beaver named Bob. While the crew stays behind, Pico, Columbus, Bob, and two of the rats (one of them didn't survive the Swarm Lord's wrath) go through the jungles of the island to the Swarm Lord's Aztec temple.
Meanwhile, the Swarm Lord still wants Marilyn's powers, but Pico and his friends come in and save the day. Columbus climbs up to the top of the Swarm's giant honeycomb and takes a golden idol while Pico saves Marilyn. Columbus uses the idol to squash the Swarm Lord, and Bob has finished chewing through the honeycomb, which causes it crumble. The temple starts to crumble as well. The team escapes, but Marilyn drowns in a waterfall and is found lifeless on a floating flower. Once the sun rises, she comes back to life and Pico and Marilyn kiss. Afterward, they encounter the island's natives, who thank Columbus for destroying the Swarm Lord. The group sail off back to Spain, and Columbus is happy knowing that he discovered the new world and proved that the world is round. 
The film ends with Columbus imaging what America will be like many years later, showing the city of Manhattan. The end credits play the song "Heaven Is" by Al Jarreau.
Production.
The film was originally released Germany in 1992, the year when America celebrated the 500th anniversary of the famous voyage of Christopher Columbus. Other films released during this time of year include ', "Carry on Columbus" and '.
At the time, the film was the most expensive animated production in Germany, costing 14.5 million marks. During the film's release in German theaters, director Schoemann stated that the film was intended to be a film about the discovery of America "from a more satirical view in order to differentiate ourselves clearly from the lofty views of history so we can present Columbus as a lovable, charming and befuddled scholar".
Phil Nibbelink was the animation director, while American animators Stanley Green, Kevin Richardson, Rick Morrison and George Singer co-managed the animation department. Production lasted for three years.
There are two English versions of the film; the first version including the voices of Donald Arthur as Christopher Columbus, as well as Phil Nibbelink and several German voice actors playing miscellaneous roles. [http://www.trickfilmstimmen.de/features/others3/pico.htm] The availability of this version is unknown. The second dub was recorded for the North American home video release with a more well-known cast, including Dom DeLuise as Christopher Columbus, Corey Feldman as Pico, Irene Cara as Marilyn and Mickey Rooney as the Narrator. Particularly notable in this dub is an unnecessary abundance of ad-libbing. The US dub's script was written by David T. Reilly and visual effects supervisor Scott Santoro.
Reception.
Both the original German version and the 1993 English version released by Hemdale Pictures received negative reviews. Animation historian Charles Soloman called the film "A clumsy copy of Disney's "Ben & Me", with clumsy animation and forgettable songs."
Home media.
In North America, the second English dubbed version came out on Hemdale Home Video in December 13, 1993. This dub was carried over to its DVD release in May 17, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20100579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100579" title="The Ant and the Elephant">
The Ant and the Elephant

The Ant and the Elephant is a children's picture book written by Bill Peet and was adapted into a family musical on stage. It is based on an Aesop Fable called "The Ant and the Dove".
Plot.
An ant is stranded on an island; since he can't swim, the ant asks a turtle for help. The turtle selfishly refuses (because he's already had his swim for the day); shortly thereafter, he falls on his back and can't right himself. So he asks a bird for help; she selfishly refuses ("This will teach you not to be so clumsy," she says), and then her egg falls out of its nest. It's too heavy for her to carry, so she asks a giraffe for help, but the giraffe is too proud to assist her. Then the giraffe's legs get hopelessly ensnarled in some vines; he asks a lion for help, but the lion just laughs and strolls on. Then a boulder rolls onto the lion's tail, trapping him. He asks a rhino for help, but when he can't think of any way to return the favor, the rhino strolls on...until he gets his horn embedded in a stump. Then an elephant notices and helps each of the animals in turn, starting with the ant - the only one who bothers to thank the elephant. Shortly after the elephant has assisted everyone, he himself falls into a ravine. When he can't get out, the elephant resigns himself to his plight. Then a horde of ants - led by the one he assisted previously - carry him from the ravine. He, in turn, gives them a ride home on his back.
Play.
The play was created by the creative team of The Musical Adventures of Flat Stanley. It plays in various locations around the United States.
Reception.
"The Ant and the Elephant" was adapted into an on-stage family musical. A Elephanteria Library Books About Elephants review says, "Good illustrations; look like pencil and/or pastel work. Lesson in helping and showing gratitude. Recommended for early readers and younger". MSC Opas said that the play has a catchy score by the Tony Award winning team of The Drowsy Chaperone.

</doc>
<doc id="20100620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100620" title="Lightyears (Shin Terai album)">
Lightyears (Shin Terai album)

Lightyears is the third album by Japanese musician Shin Terai, released in 2007. For this album the band once again changed their name. (The name of the group on this album is STILL Shine. The name of the ALBUM is "Lightyears", not the band. It's "Shin Terai" on Unison and "Shine" on Heaven & Hell.) The album features contributions by regular members Buckethead (guitar), Bernie Worrell (keyboard), and bassist and producer Bill Laswell, who included his wife, Ethiopian singer Gigi, and their son Aman Laswell on vocals.
References.
Review of the album

</doc>
<doc id="20100629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100629" title="Carl Langbehn">
Carl Langbehn

Carl Langbehn (6 December 1901- 12 October 1944) was a German lawyer and member of the resistance to Nazism.
He was born in Padang, Dutch East Indies. During the Weimar Republic he was a member of the German People's Party. In 1933 he joined the Nazi Party, but during the 1930s he began to grow increasingly critical of the regime. He was an acquaintance of Heinrich Himmler as their daughters attended the same school. By 1943 he was aware that Himmler was interested in the idea of negotiating peace behind Adolf Hitler's back. He introduced him to Johannes Popitz who suggested a coup d'état as the war was lost, but Himmler was not interested. 
Langbehn was also a friend and adviser to Christabel Bielenberg and her husband Peter. In September 1943 he travelled to Switzerland and met with Allen Welsh Dulles of the Office of Strategic Services to determine the intention of the allies and learnt that they wanted an unconditional surrender from Germany. 
Upon his return he was arrested by the Gestapo, tried by the People's Court, sentenced to death by Roland Freisler and hanged at Plötzensee prison, Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20100638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100638" title="Deconica montana">
Deconica montana

Deconica montana, commonly known as the mountain moss Psilocybe, is a common species of mushroom that is usually found growing in mossy areas, often in montane regions around the world. The appearance is that of a typical "little brown mushroom"—with a small, brown cap and a straight, thin stipe, growing separately or in clumps with others.
Taxonomy.
"Psilocybe montana" was formerly the type species of the mushroom genus "Psilocybe". Because it does not contain hallucinogenic tryptamine derivatives like psilocybin or psilocin, it does not stain blue when handled, unlike other typical hallucinogenic members of this genus. Molecular studies in the late 2000s revealed that the genus was polyphyletic and consisted of two distinct clades separating the blueing species from the non-blueing species. However, dividing the genus would be problematic as the name "Psilocybe" was attached to "P. montana" and consequently to the non-blueing clade, leaving the hallucinogenic species without a generic name. Because the name is widely associated with the hallucinogenic species and considering the potential legal ramifications of changing their generic name, a proposal was made to conserve the name "Psilocybe" with "P. semilanceata" as the type. This left "Deconica" available as a name for the non-blueing species. The proposal was unanimously accepted by the Nomenclature Committee for Fungi in 2009.
Description.
The cap is 0.5–1.5 cm in diameter, initially convex in shape but flattening in age, sometimes with a broad umbo. The cap is moist, glabrous, hygrophanous, and has radial striations to the center; the color is brown to dark-brown. The gills are adnate to broadly adnate or sometimes very shortly decurrent, and of the same color as the cap. The stipe is 1.5–4 cm long, 1–2 mm thick, smooth, the same color as the cap, and brittle. Spores are typically 7.5–10 × 6–8 × 5–5.5 µm and ovate–lentiform in shape with a thickened wall. A large spored variety (spore dimensions of 8.5–11 × 6.0–8.5 × 5.0–7.0 µm), "Psilocybe montana" var. "macrospora" Noordel. & Verduin (1999), has also been reported from the Netherlands. The spore print is dark greyish-brown.
Habitat.
"Deconica montana" is saprobic, possibly also parasitic. It is often associated with mosses such as "Brachythecium albicans", "B. mutabulum", "Campylopus introflexus", "Ceratodon purpureus", "Dicranum scoparium", "Eurhynchium hians", "E. praelongum", "E. speciosum", "Rhacomitrium canescens", "Pohlia" species or "Polytrichum piliferum". It is commonly found in exposed situations such as dune-meadows, heaths and tree-less tundra, and open "Pinus" forests, usually on nutrient-poor, well-drained soil.
Distribution.
The species has a worldwide, almost cosmopolitan distribution and has been reported from a variety of regions in a wide range of climates, including:
They have also been reported growing in Chemnitz, Germany, on vegetation-covered flat roofs.

</doc>
<doc id="20100645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100645" title="Auchtermuchty railway station">
Auchtermuchty railway station

Auchtermuchty railway station served the village of Auchtermuchty, in Fife, Scotland.
History.
Opened by the Fife and Kinross Railway, it became part of the North British Railway in 1865, and so into the London and North Eastern Railway. The line then passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. The station was then closed by British Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="20100670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100670" title="Commission on Social Welfare">
Commission on Social Welfare

The Commission on Social Welfare (CSW) was a commission in Ireland that from 1983 to 1986 reviewed social welfare in the country. Social security policy between 1987 and 1994 was heavily influenced by the findings of the CSW.
The final report of the Commission recommended raising social welfare payments. For social welfare payments to be adequate, they "must prevent poverty, and in our view poverty must be judged in the light of actual living standards," the report concluded.
Background.
A social welfare provision refers to any program which seeks to provide a minimum level of income, service or other support for many marginalized groups such as the poor, elderly, and disabled people. Social welfare programs are undertaken by governments as well as non-governmental organizations (NGO's). Social welfare payments and services are typically provided at the expense of taxpayers generally, funded by benefactors, or by compulsory enrollment of the poor themselves.
Establishment.
In 1982 the National Social Services Board in its pre-budget submission called for the establishment of a commission to carry out a fundamental review of the social welfare system. A commitment to establish such a commission was part of the program of the Fine Gael/Labour coalition government that came into office in December 1982. The Commission on Social Welfare was established in 1983.
Commission report.
The Commission's report was published in 1986. The reforms recommended were within the existing system rather than replacing the system and creating a new one. The four key reforms proposed by the Commission concerned the payment structure, social insurance, social assistance and financing.
The adequacy of payments was the most important issue the Commission considered. By using a number of indicators, the Commission estimated that a minimally adequate income for a single person in 1985 was 50 to 60 pounds per week.
The Commission favored keeping the social insurance system. It recommended that all income earners should contribute to and benefit where appropriate from social insurance and favored a widening of coverage for insurance. 
The Commission recommended that there should be a comprehensive social assistance scheme for those who, for whatever reason, do not qualify for social insurance. The main condition would be the establishment of an income. 
On the grounds of redistribution the Commission concluded that the income ceiling on contributions should be gradually abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20100700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100700" title="Ralph Stackpole">
Ralph Stackpole

Ralph Ward Stackpole (May 1, 1885 – December 13, 1973) was an American sculptor, painter, muralist, etcher and art educator, San Francisco's leading artist during the 1920s and 1930s. Stackpole was involved in the art and causes of social realism, especially during the Great Depression, when he was part of the Federal Art Project for the Works Progress Administration (WPA). Stackpole was responsible for recommending that architect Timothy L. Pflueger bring Mexican muralist Diego Rivera to San Francisco to work on the San Francisco Stock Exchange and its attached office tower in 1930–31. His son Peter Stackpole became a well-known photojournalist.
Early career.
Stackpole worked as a laborer early in life to support himself and his mother following the death of his father in a lumber mill circular saw accident. At sixteen, he came to San Francisco to study at the California School of Design beginning in 1903; he was influenced strongly by Arthur Frank Mathews, muralist and painter at the school. He met painter Helen Arnstein (later Helen Salz) while both were teenagers, and she became his first girlfriend. Arnstein, the daughter of wealthy Jewish art lovers and one year Stackpole's senior, described him as "a remarkable draftsman" who painted and sketched constantly. She was less impressed with his sense of color than with his precision in line. Stackpole polished his craft by working with artists at the Montgomery Block, playfully called "Monkey Block", a bohemian hangout which included studios for painting and sculpture. After the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, he used a grant of 200 ($ in current value) to travel to France to attend the École des Beaux-Arts and "Atelier Merces" in 1906–1908, exhibiting at the Salon in 1910. It was in Paris that he became friends with painter Diego Rivera He painted under Robert Henri in New York in 1911.
San Francisco.
Stackpole returned to San Francisco in 1912 and married Adele Barnes, two months younger than he, an art student of Xavier Martinez and one of the first graduates of the California Academy of Arts and Crafts. Adele Stackpole was a perfectionist in many ways, including the precision of her bookplate engravings and the demands she placed on her relationships. On June 15, 1913, the Stackpoles' son Peter was born in San Francisco.
Stackpole was part of the foursome that founded, early in 1913, the California Society of Etchers (CSE). The other founders were Robert B. Harshe, an etcher and art professor at Stanford University, etcher and educator Pedro J. Lemos who taught at the San Francisco Institute of Art, and Gottardo Piazzoni, an Italian-American painter and muralist who was Stackpole's master in France. The CSE exhibited twice in 1913, and grew to 78 artist members and five associate after two years. In 1926, the annual publication listed 46 artist members and 156 associate members: Stackpole was still a member. Decades later, the CSE merged with another group to become the California Society of Printmakers.
Panama-Pacific International Exposition.
Around the same time, Stackpole was commissioned to sculpt architectural features for the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition, a major assignment that was to take two years to complete, even with the aid of assistants. To give a grand entrance portal to the Palace of Varied Industries, he completed a copy of the main entrance to the Hospice of Santa Cruz, built in Toledo, Spain in the 16th century. Stackpole's design replaced the original figures of Catholic saints with figures of industry. His works for the Palace of Varied Industries included "Man with a pick", "Tympanum group of Varied Industries", "New World Receiving Burdens of Old", "Keystone figure", and "Power of Industry". Stackpole also sculpted figures of "Thought" on the columns flanking the half domes of the west facade of the Palace Group. At the Palace of Fine Arts, Stackpole produced a kneeling "Venus" on the Altar of Inspiration. Visitors wishing to view "Venus" were kept some away by a man-made lagoon.
Modern trends.
With Piazzoni, Stackpole went to France again in 1922, taking his family; he enrolled his nine-year-old son in the École Alsacienne, a private school in Paris. The two artists wished to investigate the most modern trends in Europe, and they encountered Diego Rivera. While there, Stackpole's marriage unraveled, and he returned to the Bay Area in 1923 with a 24-year-old French still life artist and model named Francine Mazen, nicknamed "Ginette"; his wife and son returned after the school year to take up residence across the bay in Oakland. Stackpole obtained a divorce, and then married Ginette in Mexico.
In late 1923, Stackpole organized a major art exhibit, in partnership with Piazzoni. This was the first large-scale art show in San Francisco since 1915; there had been no expected rush of artists after the Panama-Pacific International Exposition. The exhibit, held in Polk Hall in the Civic Auditorium, was companion to a nearby print exhibit which included Gauguin and Matisse works. Critic and author Laura Bride Powers felt that the event was a disappointment—it displayed "inconspicuous examples" of leading artists, and failed to show any Picasso, avant-garde or Dadaist works.
In 1926, Stackpole delivered the William A. Coleman Fountain to the city of Sacramento, a Moderne work (centrally located in what is now known as Cesar Chavez Park) which celebrated the city's completion of a difficult water filtration project. That same year, Stackpole traveled to Mexico City to see Rivera working on some of his 124 frescoes in the courtyard of the Secretariat of Public Education. Returning with a small Rivera painting, Stackpole gave it to San Francisco Arts Commission president William Gerstle (who was initially unimpressed), and began a several-year effort to bring Rivera to work in California.
Stackpole accepted an offer to teach at his former school, its name changed to the California School of Fine Arts (CSFA). For a stretch of almost twenty years, he taught a number of subjects. Dorr Bothwell studied sculpture under Stackpole, then the head of the Sculpture Department, and thought him to be sexist—she said he told the women in the class that "the place they really belonged was in bed."
Kenneth Rexroth wrote of Stackpole in 1929 that "He knew everybody in town from top to bottom ... and he took us everywhere." Stackpole's sizable San Francisco studio at 716 Montgomery (adjacent to Montgomery Block) served as a social center for San Francisco's artist community. Photographer Dorothea Lange rented upstairs studio space there in 1926, and Helen Clark and Otis Oldfield, both artists, married there the same year. Lange's husband Maynard Dixon had his studio next door, and the Stackpole and Dixon families were close—both men were members of the Bohemian Club.
Throughout the 1930s, Stackpole worked frequently with architect Timothy Pflueger on various commissions. Beginning in 1929 when the two men first met, Stackpole was given responsibility for selecting the artists who worked to execute and augment Pflueger's basic design scheme for the San Francisco Stock Exchange and its associated Tower, especially the Luncheon Club occupying the top floors of the Tower. Stackpole said later of the experience, "the artists were in from the first. They were called in conference and assumed responsibility and personal pride in the building." At the Sansome Street tower entrance, Stackpole worked on a scaffolding with a crew of assistants to direct carve heroic figures in stone. After the building was completed, Stackpole was finally successful in winning a commission for Rivera; Pflueger became convinced that Rivera would be the perfect muralist for decorating the staircase wall and ceiling of the Stock Exchange Club. This was a controversial selection considering Rivera's leftist political beliefs in contradiction to the Stock Exchange's capitalist foundation. Into the mural, Rivera painted a figure of Stackpole's son Peter holding a model airplane.
During his stay, Rivera and his wife Frida Kahlo lived and worked at the studio, becoming in the process lifelong friends with Stackpole and Ginette. They met tennis champion Helen Wills Moody, an avid painter-hobbyist, who soon agreed to model for Rivera at the studio. Neighbor Dixon saw the attention, and the American money being given to Rivera, and with etcher Frank Van Sloun organized a short-lived protest against the Communist artist. However, both Dixon and Van Sloun quickly realized that the San Francisco art world "oligarchy" who were obviously smitten with Rivera, including Stackpole's well-connected patrons, were the same group that they themselves would need to support their own art aspirations.
For much of 1931, Stackpole partnered with other artists to decorate Pflueger's Paramount Theatre in Oakland, an Art Deco masterpiece. A bas-relief scene of horses, waves and a central winged figure was placed over the stage's proscenium arch, finished in gold-toned metal leaf—the work jointly designed by Stackpole and Robert Boardman Howard. The design worked into Pflueger's metal grille ceiling grid likely came unattributed from Stackpole's sketches. Pflueger was an able project leader; Stackpole later described his involvement: "He was the boss alright, as an architect should be ... He would call the plays just as a symphony conductor does ... There wasn't a lock, molding, or window that he did not inspect in the drawings and in the actual building with the utmost thoroughness and care."
Stackpole worked through ten months of 1932 on a monumental pair of sculptures flanking the grand entrance of the Stock Exchange: a male and a female grouping showing the polarity of agriculture and industry, showing in their rounded human shapes the influence of Rivera. Chiseling into of Yosemite granite, he wore goggles and a mask. The unveiling ceremony took place in the cold of New Year's Eve, with Mayor Angelo Rossi joining Stackpole, Pflueger and artisans in smocks.
Stackpole took his son Peter to visit their photographer friend Edward Weston in Carmel in the early 1930s, and the two older men spent the day discussing photography, "the difference between making and taking a photograph, between the intended and the random". This conversation, and the 1932 exhibit by Group f/64, a collection of innovative photographers such as Weston and Ansel Adams, was later seen as foundational to Peter Stackpole's conception of photography.
In July 1933, Stackpole completed a model of a design to be incorporated into the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge's central anchorage on the western side. The anchorage, to be constructed of concrete rising above the water, was to display over much of its height a bare-chested male figure standing solidly between the two suspension spans. However, Arthur Brown, Jr., Pflueger's colleague on the Bay Bridge project, did not like the scale of the figure, which belittled the bridge. Engineer Ralph Modjeski agreed, writing "The gigantic figure which is proposed for the centre anchorage is out of place for a structure of this kind and would not harmonize with the end anchorage." Stackpole's design was abandoned in favor of a largely flat expanse of poured concrete.
In 1933 and 1934, Stackpole took part in the Public Works of Art Project assignment to paint murals for Coit Tower. Many of the murals were executed in styles reminiscent of Rivera, and Stackpole himself was portrayed in five of them; in one he is shown reading a newspaper announcing the destruction of a Rivera mural in New York.
In 1937, Stackpole received a commission to sculpt his interpretation of Colorado River explorer John Wesley Powell, for display in the Main Interior Building of the U.S. Department of Interior. It was to be a companion piece to Heinz Warneke's portrayal of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Warneke learned that Stackpole intended a water scene, so he changed his portrayal of Lewis and Clark to be one of them on land. Stackpole and Warneke delivered their stone reliefs in 1940, and the two panels were mounted on either side of the stage of the building's auditorium.
Golden Gate International Exposition.
Pflueger made certain that Stackpole was given a major commission for art in preparation for the Golden Gate International Exposition, also called the Pacific Pageant, a world's fair to be held on Treasure Island between San Francisco and Oakland. Stackpole worked to create an tall frame-and-stucco embodiment of "Pacifica", the theme of the exposition. By November 1938, when "Life" photographer Alfred Eisenstaedt was capturing images to promote the event, "Pacifica" was ready for his camera. The magazine carried the image of this, Stackpole's most monumental work, "a peaceful, contemplative, almost prayer-like female figure" intended only for temporary placement. The heroic sculpture stood in front of a tall "prayer curtain" of regular star-shaped steel bangles that rippled in the wind. Vivid orange and blue lights washed the curtain at night, while "Pacifica", the image of Peace, was brilliant in white. Over two years, 16 million visitors came to the exposition. When it was over, Stackpole proposed that the sculpture be recast in a more permanent form—steel, stone or concrete—and positioned prominently on an island in the San Francisco Bay, perhaps Alcatraz or Angel Island, in a manner similar to the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor. The plan was not seriously considered by civic leaders whose attention was on the gathering war clouds in Asia and Europe. The sculpture and most of the exposition buildings were dynamited in 1942, and the U.S. Navy took ownership of the island as a base in World War II.
Later life.
In the early 1940s, Stackpole left the CSFA to teach privately. In April 1945, he led a sculpting class at the California Labor School, a leftist organization advocating equal rights for workers. From 1941 to 1945, he served on the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts, the first commission member from the West Coast.
In 1949, Stackpole moved to Chauriat in the Puy-de-Dôme area of central France, returning with his second wife Ginette to her birthplace. There, his art became less figurative and more abstract, both in sculpture and in painting. He kept a flow of correspondence with his old friends in San Francisco, including Helen Salz, who described his letters as devoid of any mention of sculpture or painting, or any project that Stackpole might have been working on—instead, he wrote of musicians and music, and of his encounters with people. Salz bought a Stackpole bust of poet George Sterling and donated it to the University of California in 1955–56, to be displayed in Dwinelle Hall. In early 1964, Stackpole visited San Francisco to see his family, and he called up his old friend Kenneth Rexroth. In his "San Francisco Examiner" newspaper column, Rexroth wrote of having lunch with the Stackpole family, and reminded his readers that the man had been known "for 20 years or more San Francisco's leading artist."
Stackpole died in France in 1973, his wife in 1978.
Some of Stackpole's sculptures, paintings and drawings were destroyed in the Oakland Firestorm of 1991, a blaze which leveled the home of Peter Stackpole. Floyd Winter, a neighbor, helped rescue a very few items "moments before the conflagration consumed the house".

</doc>
<doc id="20100701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100701" title="2002 Indoor Cricket World Cup">
2002 Indoor Cricket World Cup

The 2002 Indoor Cricket World Cup was an Indoor Cricket tournament that took place in Wellington, New Zealand from the 30th of September to the 6th of October 2002 involving both a men's and a women's division. There were a total of 17 matches played in the men's division and 14 matches played in the women's division.
In the men's division a round robin tournament was played with each team playing the other once in order to rank the sides. All five teams then competed in the finals, with Australia eventually defeating New Zealand in the final itself. This win represented their 4th World Cup title in succession and was despite losing their first ever World Cup game to New Zealand in the major semi final.
The women's division also featured a round robin tournament, though each of the four sides played each other twice. At the conclusion of the round robin games, the highest ranked side (in this case, Australia) progressed through to the final leaving 2nd and 3rd place (New Zealand and Sri Lanka) to contest the semi final. Australia defeated New Zealand in the final, claiming their 3rd World Cup title in succession.
The event was marred by the late withdrawal of South Africa from both divisions, a decision that would have significant repercussions for the South African national body. 
Host Selection.
The World Cup was awarded to New Zealand by the WICF at the conclusion of the previous World Cup. This was the first time the event had been held in New Zealand. 
Venue.
New Zealand Indoor Sports opted to stage the event at the Wellington Indoor Sports arena in Wellington.
Participants.
Men's Division
Women's Division

</doc>
<doc id="20100702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100702" title="Hans-Peter Feldmann">
Hans-Peter Feldmann

Hans-Peter Feldmann (born 1941 in Düsseldorf) is a German visual artist. Feldmann's approach to art-making is one of collecting, ordering and re-presenting.
Early life and career.
In the 1960s, Feldmann studied painting at the University of Arts and Industrial Design Linz in Austria. He began working in 1968, producing the first of the small handmade books that would become a signature part of his work. These modest books, simply entitled Bilde (Picture) or Bilder (Pictures), would include one or more reproductions from a certain type--knees of women, shoes, chairs, film stars, etc.--their subjects isolated in their ubiquity and presented without captions. In 1979 Feldmann decided to pull out of the art world and just make books and pictures for himself. In 1989 the curator Kasper König persuaded Feldmann to exhibit in a gallery again. 
Work.
Hans-Peter Feldmann is a figure in the conceptual art movement and practitioner in the artist book and multiple formats. Feldmann's approach to art-making is one of collecting, ordering and re-presenting amateur snapshots, print photographic reproductions, toys and trivial works of art. Feldmann reproduces and recontextualizes our reading of them in books, postcards, posters or multiples. 
Feldmann made his first series of books between 1968 and 1971. Works from the early 1970s include 70 snapshots depicting "All the Clothes of a Woman" and four "Time Series" projects including, for example, a row of 36 pictures of a ship moving along a river. Feldmann's series "Photographs Taken From Hotel Room Windows While Traveling" clusters 108 nondescript, unframed snapshots of buildings, streets and parking lots. (Like other Feldmann projects, this calls to mind Ed Ruscha's photographic catalogs.) "11 Left Shoes" presents 11 shoes borrowed from 303 Gallery employees, in a row on the floor. "Que Sera" has the words of the song of that title handwritten on the wall. "Bed With Photograph" simulates part of a hotel room with a slept-in bed, a side table and a framed photograph of a woman in leopard-print pants.
Feldman's photographic essays might have a more intimate singularity in book form. His book"Secret Picturebook" (1973) -- is a thick, densely printed, scholarly tome with little pictures of women's torsos in sexy underwear inserted at intervals. It most pointedly embodies the artist's mischievous relationship to high culture. Another book, “1967-1993 Die Toten” reproduces images from newspapers of all of the lives lost due to the violence and terrorism that permeated contemporary German history. 
Creating carefully conceived installations from everyday images is what Feldmann is best known for. In 2004-5 MoMA P.S. 1 showed “100 Years,” an exhibition made up of 101 photographic portraits of people ages 8 months to 100 years. And at the International Center of Photography in 2008 he filled a room with the framed front pages of 100 newspapers — from New York, Paris, Dubai, Sydney, Seoul and elsewhere — printed on Sept. 12, 2001. 
Recognition.
Hans-Peter Feldmann has been named winner of the eighth Biennal Hugo Boss Prize in 2010. This prize includes an exhibition at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, in May 2011.
Collections.
The Feldmann’s work features in prominent private and public collections, such as that of the Fotomuseum Winterthur and the MACBA in Barcelona. In 2012, the artist donated one of his key work, "Die Toten (The Dead)", to the Berlin State Museums in Berlin. 
Art market.
Hans Peter Feldmann is represented by Simon Lee Gallery in London, Galerie Martine Aboucaya in Paris and 303 Gallery in New York. He does not limit the number of editions of his works, nor does he sign them.

</doc>
<doc id="20100749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100749" title="Kultur International Films">
Kultur International Films

Kultur Video is a video company that specializes mostly in issuing televised performances of the classics, both musical and dramatic. Along with issuing famous television programs by such artists as Leonard Bernstein and Mikhail Baryshnikov, they are also responsible for videocassettes and/or DVDs of episodes of "The Bell Telephone Hour", as well as of Laurence Olivier's television performance as "King Lear".
Among their releases, in addition to the Olivier "Lear", are Baryshnikov's production of "The Nutcracker", a "Bell Telephone Hour" program entitled "First Ladies of the Opera", featuring Joan Sutherland, Birgit Nilsson, Renata Tebaldi and Leontyne Price, twenty-five of Leonard Bernstein's "Young People's Concerts", and Bernstein's commemoration of the 200th birthday of Ludwig van Beethoven, "Bernstein on Beethoven", aka "Beethoven's Birthday".
Kultur Video has also been responsible for the Broadway Theatre Archive, a large selection on DVD of telecasts ranging from 1959 to 1990 of classic and modern plays, shown mostly on PBS and NET.

</doc>
<doc id="20100750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100750" title="Morane-Saulnier AR">
Morane-Saulnier AR

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier AR was a trainer aircraft produced in France during and after the First World War. Developed from the Morane-Saulnier LA reconnaissance aircraft, it was a wire-braced parasol-wing monoplane of conventional design with two open cockpits in tandem and cross-axle-style tailskid undercarriage. Construction was mostly of fabric-covered wood, but the forward fuselage was skinned in metal.
Large-scale production commenced after the Armistice, with the type now designated MS.35, in a number of subtypes differentiated principally in the engine used. Although Morane-Saulnier hoped to sell the type on the civil market as a touring machine, most of the 400 examples built saw service with the French Army, but others were used by the Navy and still others exported to foreign air arms. The MS.35s remained in service in France until 1929, after which time some were sold to the nation's flying clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="20100763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100763" title="Inline engine (aviation)">
Inline engine (aviation)

In aviation, an inline engine is a reciprocating engine with banks of cylinders, one behind another, rather than rows of cylinders, with each bank having any number of cylinders, but rarely more than six.
Inline engine configurations.
"Note:" Fan engines with single cylinder banks, typically from Anzani, are usually regarded as variants of the Radial engine.
"Note:" There is no theoretical limit to the number banks in an opposed piston engine, limitaions include cost, complexity and reliability.
"Note" The BMW 803 is not only an inline radial engine but is also a coupled engine with two engines arranged back to back on a common axis driving separate co-axial propellers through a common gearbox.
Inverted engine.
Some inline aircraft engines, including the de Havilland Gipsy Major used in the de Havilland Tiger Moth, and the Daimler-Benz DB 601 used in the Messerschmitt Bf 109, were designed to be installed in airframes inverted, such that the crankshaft was at the top of the engine and the cylinder heads were at the bottom. The advantages of inverted engines included improved visibility for the pilot, improved access to cylinder heads and manifolds for the ground crew, having the centre of mass of a multi-bank engine lower in the engine, and having the widest part of a multi-bank engine being closer to the midline of the fuselage, which is also generally wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20100787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100787" title="PS 6">
PS 6

P.S. 6, The Lillie Devereaux Blake School, is a public elementary school located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City. Founded in 1894, P.S. 6 is regarded as one of the top elementary schools in New York City.
Overview.
P.S. 6 has about 800 students in grades K-5. Average class sizes are 23-28. The school's student body is 78% Caucasian, which is somewhat unusual for a public school in NYC. The school is popular with families on the Upper East Side who often choose to send their children there rather than to private school. The school's former Principal, Carmen Fariña, claimed that the acceptance rate for out of district students was 1/7, lower than that of many top-tier Universities.
History.
P.S. 6 was founded in 1894 and named after the feminist author and reformer Lillie Devereaux Blake. The school was originally located several blocks to the north on 85th Street. The current red brick building on Madison Avenue between 81st and 82nd Streets was constructed in 1953.
The school's first principal Katherine Blake, the daughter of the school's namesake, served in that capacity for 34 years and demanded that the pacifist hymn "I did not raise my son to be a soldier" be sung at every assembly.
Academics.
P.S. 6 is a Teacher's College "Mentor School." It offers a particularly strong writing program based on the principles of Lucy Calkins. Students are expected to write plays, poetry, essays and short fiction by the time they graduate. The school also places a special emphasis on Art education. Its location, two blocks from the Metropolitan Museum of Art, allows the students particularly good access to view the works of famous artists. P.S. 6 was also the recipient of a grant from the Annenberg Foundation to help fund art projects in the school.
Special events.
Peter Yarrow has played a special benefit concert in the school's auditorium for many years to raise money for the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20100794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100794" title="Relationships Ruin Friendships">
Relationships Ruin Friendships

Relationships Ruin Friendships is an EP by The Forecast.
External links.
-Official Website: [http://theforecast.com]

</doc>
<doc id="20100801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100801" title="Atelopus petersi">
Atelopus petersi

Atelopus petersi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.
It is endemic to Ecuador.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers at elevations of 2660–3300 m above sea level.
It is threatened by habitat loss and probably extinct; the last confirmed record was in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20100835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100835" title="Ricardo López Méndez">
Ricardo López Méndez

Ricardo López Méndez (7 February 1903 – 28 December 1989)
was a Mexican poet and song lyricist. He was born in Izamal, Yucatán. He became director of the Public Library and an advisor to Felipe Carrillo Puerto, governor of Yucatán from 1922 to 1924. In 1927 he moved to Mexico City as a representative of the government of Yucatán. He was a founder of the radio station XEW and a pioneer of the use of radio to access rural populations. He also became vice president of the Society of Authors and Composers (SACM).
In 2004 his collected poetry and journalism were published as "Poesía y Pensamiento". His poem "El Credo Mexicano" (Mexican Creed) is a popular patriotic declaration of faith in the country. He also penned the lyrics to the popular song "Amor, Amor, Amor".

</doc>
<doc id="20100838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100838" title="Bill Thomas (American football)">
Bill Thomas (American football)

William Jeffrey "Bill" Thomas (born August 7, 1949 in Ossining, New York) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League. He played three seasons for the Dallas Cowboys (1972), the Houston Oilers (1973), and the Kansas City Chiefs (1974). He was drafted by the Cowboys in the first round of the 1972 NFL Draft out of Boston College.
Early years.
Thomas attended Peekskill High School before moving on to Boston College. In April 1970, he dislocated his left shoulder playing basketball, so he had to wear a harness during the football season, until he was forced to have surgery and miss games. In 1971 he helped the school achieve their best record (9-2) in a season since 1954.
His versatility running and blocking was valued by the team, so he spent his playing time between the halfback and fullback positions. He recorded a total of 932 career rushing yards and he never was the leading rusher of his team.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Coming off their Super Bowl VI win, the Dallas Cowboys entered the 1972 NFL Draft worried about the future of Duane Thomas and the injury history of Calvin Hill, so they focused on their running back depth. With their first round draft choice they selected Thomas, who was ranked sixth overall on their draft board and with their second draft choice they selected Robert Newhouse.
He never fully recovered from the left shoulder injury he suffered in college and re-injured it during a dummy blocking drill in training camp. He went through surgery to repair the staple pin that was used to secure the shoulder in the original operation and was placed on injured reserve. He was activated for the ninth game of the season, so that first year he touched ball only twice during kickoff returns.
In 1973, he was waived before the start of his second season, due to his lack of progress and his injury history.
Houston Oilers.
The Houston Oilers claimed him off waivers. In 1974 he was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs, in exchange for a seven round draft choice.
Kansas City Chiefs.
In 1974 he experienced some success playing special teams, returning 25 kickoffs for 571 yards. He was waived before the 1975 season started.
Personal life.
Thomas was a teacher for more than 27 years, while also serving as coach and administrator at Madison Park High School and Gavin Middle School. He also had a stint with the football coaching staff of Northeastern University.

</doc>
<doc id="20100882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100882" title="Arroz Con Leche (album)">
Arroz Con Leche (album)

Arroz Con Leche is the first album by Mexican rock band Panda. It was released on September 2, 2000.
The album was produced by Francisco Lobo and recorded by Movic Records.
Album information.
This album includes 12 songs, which were chosen from among several songs from his "Demo 1997". It was recorded in the Kaura Recording's Studio Garza, under the executive production of Francis Lobo and assistance in recording Adrian Treviño. Cosa important is the producer of the disc to push Panda to give their songs a little pop, if he had done so only out punk, such as "SO".
The best-known singles from this album are "Buen Día", "Si Supieras", and "Te Invito A Mi Fiesta".
The first album "Arroz con leche" went by unnoticed in the record stores. But after the success of their second album, "La Revancha Del Príncipe Charro", they launched a reissue of their debut album in 2002. This disc contained the original songs from their first album along with new extras in the CD: Wallpapers, Games, Discography, Lyrics, Music and Screen Savers.

</doc>
<doc id="20100891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100891" title="Tolštejn Castle">
Tolštejn Castle

The Tolštejn Castle (now reduced to ruins) is located in the microregion of Tolštejn, approximately 4 km south of Varnsdorf.
History.
The castle was built in 1278 as part of the Zittau region's defense structure. George of Poděbrady ordered the castle to be seized shortly after the Hussite Wars and after many conflicts, the Tolštejn dominion was taken by 1471 by two Saxon princes, Ernest and Albrecht. During the Thirty Years War, the army of the Austrian Emperor occupied the castle. In 1607, the Swedish General Wrangel laid siege and burned down the castle.
Today the ruins of the castle are one of the most visited places in the Czech Republic. The creation of the microregion of Tolštejn was designed to help tourism in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20100894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100894" title="Almelo railway station">
Almelo railway station

Almelo is a railway station in Almelo, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 18 October 1865 and is on the Deventer–Almelo railway, Almelo–Salzbergen railway, Zwolle–Almelo railway and Mariënberg–Almelo railway lines. The current station building dates from 1962. The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and Arriva.
Train services.
The following services call at Almelo:

</doc>
<doc id="20100903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100903" title="TouchTable">
TouchTable

TouchShare (formerly known as TouchTable) is a United States company based in Pasadena that designs, develops and integrates geospatial collaboration solutions that enable teams to visualize, interact, manipulate, and share data from any device, anywhere, to bring clarity to complex situations. The company was founded as a spinoff of Applied Minds in May, 2006.
A TouchTable was featured on CNN's news and political program "The Situation Room" several times in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20100930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100930" title="Samata Das">
Samata Das

Samata Das is a Bengali film and television actress. She earned fame for her role as Lati in Buddhadev Dasgupta's film Mondo Meyer Upakhyan.
Personal life.
Das married Bengali television assistant direction Shankar Chanda right after appearing Higher Secondary examination. She later studied at the Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri College of the University of Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="20100933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100933" title="Northern Dutchess Paramedics">
Northern Dutchess Paramedics

Northern Dutchess Paramedics (NDP EMS) provides advanced life support (ALS) and basic life support (BLS) ambulance transportation services in the Hudson Valley region of New York, USA. NDP operates ambulances staffed by emergency medical technicians (EMTs) and paramedics. NDP holds emergency response 9-1-1 contracts in Dutchess County, Columbia County and Litchfield County. Within Dutchess County, NDP has been assigned a department ID number of "84".
History.
NDP was founded in 1994 by paramedics Edward Murray and Robert Latimer and was New York State's first licensed, stand alone advanced life support first response service. Since then the company expanded to advanced life support services, as well as basic life support services and ambulance and inter-facility transport. Outside of the response mode, NDP offers EMS continuing education, first aid and safety training for the community and classes for allied health professionals.
Alamo/NDP merger.
On December 14, 2007, NDP announced a proposed merger with Alamo EMS, whose parent company is HealthQuest, the largest health care system in the Hudson Valley. The application was the first step in the regulatory process toward creating an organization which was aimed at better serving the Hudson Valley community in providing emergency and ambulance services. The joint venture also required approval from the New York State Attorney General’s Office and the New York State Supreme Court. Health Quest and Northern Dutchess Paramedics anticipated that the regulatory process would take approximately six to twelve months. However, on December 17, 2008, the two companies announced that the merger had fallen through, and would not be completed. The companies claimed they had differences that could not be settled. If merged, it would have been the largest independent ambulance provider in the Hudson Valley Region.
Loss of contracts.
On November 21, 2008, at 5:30 pm, NDP officially lost its ALS contract for the towns of Beekman and Pawling, for failure to have an official Certificate of Need (CON). Alamo EMS resumed operations in the two towns. NDP claims the loss of the CON was no fault of theirs and that the responsibility lies with the town boards of Pawling and Beekman. In mid-November, it had been discovered that the Regional EMS council had never issued NDP a CON for Southern Dutchess County and NDP should never have been allowed to operate in that area without the CON.

</doc>
<doc id="20100940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100940" title="Proof of Impact">
Proof of Impact

Proof of Impact is The Forecast's first CD.
External links.
-Official Website: [http://theforecast.com]

</doc>
<doc id="20100969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100969" title="Fritz Noll">
Fritz Noll

Fritz Noll (August 27, 1858 - June 19, 1908) was a German botanist born in Frankfurt am Main.
He studied natural history and sciences at the Universities of Würzburg, Marburg and Heidelberg. In 1887 he became an assistant to Julius Sachs at the University of Würzburg, and during the same year received his habilitation. In 1889 he was appointed "etatsmäßigen" professor at the agricultural academy at Poppelsdorf-Bonn, as well as an associate professor at the University of Bonn. In 1907 he became a professor of botany at the University of Halle.
Noll made contributions involving research of plant physiology. With Eduard Strasburger, Heinrich Schenck and Andreas Franz Wilhelm Schimper, he was co-author of a textbook that was later translated into English by the title "A Text-book of Botany". Other noted works by Noll include:

</doc>
<doc id="20100972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20100972" title="Richard P. Henrick">
Richard P. Henrick

Richard P. Henrick is an American novelist and screenwriter whose works include "Crimson Tide", "Attack on the Queen" and "Nightwatch." A recognized master of naval fiction and submarine adventure, he has published over 18 books in numerous different countries and languages. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri where he still lives and works. 

</doc>
<doc id="20101037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101037" title="Pwllmeyric">
Pwllmeyric

Pwllmeyric is a small village in Monmouthshire, Wales, located 1 mile south west of Chepstow, on the A48 road within the parish of Mathern. The name Pwllmeyric means, in Welsh, "Meurig's pool" and refers to the "pwll" or creek of the Severn estuary which, before it silted up, linked the village to the sea. It was named for Meurig ap Tewdrig, king of the early Welsh kingdoms of Gwent and Glywysing in the 5th or 6th century, who buried his father Tewdrig (St. Theodoric) at Mathern.
The village is the presumed birthplace of Wales international footballer Eddie Parris, and the childhood home of rock musician Grant Nicholas. It is the location of Chepstow Garden Centre and a pub, the New Inn.

</doc>
<doc id="20101044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101044" title="Consuelo Mack">
Consuelo Mack

Consuelo Mack (born November 30, 1949 in New York, New York) is an American business news journalist and host of "WealthTrack", a nationally syndicated business news program presented by WLIW-TV in New York City and aired weekly, primarily on PBS-TV station affiliates. Before developing WealthTrack she spent over a decade at The Wall Street Journal as the Anchor and Managing Editor of its weekly syndicated business program The "Wall Street Journal Report", now hosted by Maria Bartiromo. During her tenure, it won the Overseas Press Club award.
Career.
Mack served as Anchor and Editor of "The Asian Wall Street Journal Report", a weekly business program syndicated throughout Asia, and also hosted the 1996 PBS documentary series "Emerging Powers" and the 1994 PBS special "Pacific Rift".
Educational Background.
Mack graduated from Sarah Lawrence College with a bachelors degree in English Literature, History and Political Science.

</doc>
<doc id="20101077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101077" title="Papyrus 70">
Papyrus 70

Papyrus 70 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_170, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 2:13-16; 2:22-3:1; 11:26-27; 12:4-5; 24:3-6.12-15. formula_170 has a fairly reliable text, though it was carelessly written. 
The manuscript palaeographically had been assigned to the late 3rd century. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland ascribed it as a “strict text”, and placed it in Category I. 
It is currently housed at the Ashmolean Museum (P. Oxy. 2384) in Oxford and at the Papyrological Institute of Florence in National Archaeological Museum (Florence) (PSI 3407 – formerly CNR 419, 420).

</doc>
<doc id="20101080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101080" title="N9 road (South Africa)">
N9 road (South Africa)

The N9 is one of the National Roads of South Africa, connecting George in the Western Cape to the N1 at Colesberg in the Northern Cape.
Route.
The N9 begins just south-east of George at an intersection with the N2. It runs concurrently with the N12 through the center of George and then north over the Outeniqua Pass. At the top of the pass, the N12 continues north towards Oudtshoorn, while the N9 turns east to run along the northern side of the Outeniqua Mountains and over Potjiesberg Pass to Uniondale and onwards to Willowmore in the Eastern Cape.
From Willowmore, the N9 travels across the Eastern Cape Karoo through Aberdeen to Graaf-Reinet. From Graaf-Reinet it crosses the Sneeuberge through Naudesberg Pass and Lootsberg Pass to Middelburg, where it meets the N10. The N9 and N10 are concurrent northwards out of Middelburg, but after a short distance the N10 turns north-west towards De Aar. The N9 continues northwards through Noupoort to end at an intersection with the N1 just outside Colesberg.
Uniondale Ghost.
An urban legend in the "vanishing hitchiker" tradition arose after a girl named Marie Charlotte Roux was killed in an auto accident not far from Uniondale on Easter Sunday of 1968. According to press reports, beginning in 1973 and for years afterward around the anniversary of her death, the girl's spirit hitchhiked along the road and allegedly vanished after being picked up by various drivers. Folklorist Sigrid Schmidt wrote that coverage of the popular tale by the South African press helped spread the Uniondale legend nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20101127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101127" title="2009 in games">
2009 in games

__NOTOC__
This page lists board and card games, wargames, miniatures games, and tabletop role-playing games published in 2009. For video games, see 2009 in video gaming.

</doc>
