<doc id="19968461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968461" title="La Garita, Jalisco">
La Garita, Jalisco

La Garita is a town in the Mexican state of Jalisco in the Municipality of Tamazula de Gordiano. According to INEGI 2010 national census it pegged the town's population at 1,060 people. A special census done by the INEGI government agency estimated the population to be at 1,278 in 2005. Although this number seems low, about 1,000 people from La Garita now reside in the United States with the most living in California, Illinois, Texas, Florida, and New York. The city of Joliet, IL now is the home for most of the immigrants from this town. Others have migrated to nearby cities like Tamazula de Gordiano, Ciudad Guzman, and Guadalajara.
History.
La Garita, Jalisco formally was called the property or Hacienda of San Lázaro when it was first settled by rich businessmen. San Lázaro or Saint Lazarus being the patron of the settlement. The hacienda was founded approximately on the year 1846 (it is the date that is reference by the eldest citizens). During those times merchants that journeyed from the state of Michoacán to their destination, the state of Colima, stopped to rest in this area as well as promoted commerce in the region. Transportation during those times for merchandise was difficult and long for they only used animals to carry the loads. The merchants took this place as a refuge to rest and later continue their trip. It is one of the reasons why they dominated it "La Garita" being understood that "garita" comes from the old French "garita" that means refuge, of Germanic origin. In such circumstances people of different places settled down in this place, like them foreigners arrived, who constructed properties in the region, among them the one of La Garita that in that time, the landowners were those who had in their power the land and control of the region. 
"It was in the time of president 'Lazaro Cardenas' when the federal government transformed the region into "ejidal" form or communal land, granting to the farmers the land that previously was of the landowners" for farming and settling(qtd. in Revista Sur2000). In 1940 the construction of the state highway Jiquilpan-Manzanillo 110 started, which crosses through the middle of the town of La Garita and connects with the town of Mazamitla and the city of Tamazula de Gordiano in the state of Jalisco; with which profited to take off the relative isolation. The name of the "Hacienda de San Lázaro" officially changed name to "La Garita de San Lázaro." Over the years the people dropped the patron's name and left only the name of "La Garita." In the year of 1946, to La Garita, a "Delegación" was granted to the town having its own civil registry and a police group.
Demographics.
Special Census of 2010 ("" "")
Geography.
La Garita rests on the bank of the Tamazula river which is formed in La Garita from the union of the Creek of La Cuesta and the Sierra del Tigre river. The town varies in elevation due to the steepness of the hills and mountains of the area around the river bank. Part or almost half of the town sits on the valley created by the river over thousands of years ago while the other sits on the hills that make up the area of South-central Jalisco. 
This part of the state of Jalisco sits on the Sierra Madre Occidental and the Sierra del Tigre, two major forest regions of Mexico. Its proximity to the high northern mountains of the state, Lake Chapala (the largest lake in Mexico), El Volcán de Colima (a major and still active volcano is south-central Mexico) and the ocean make for a unique geography.
Neighborhoods.
The town of La Garita is divided into two sections by the national Mexican highway 110 creating the upper and lower neighborhoods. As the names say, the upper neighborhood is on a higher level on a hill that leads to the town of El Manchado. The lower neighborhood is actually in the valley below the highway created by the river, El Rio Tamazula. In the center of the town a plaza was built in honor of the town's residents who donated time and money for a centralized location for town gatherings and celebrations. After the creation of the town plaza, a new central neighborhood was created known as the heart of the town with most restaurants and shops located around the plaza.
Although the residents know the town as having three neighborhoods (upper, central, and lower), the town is actually divided into smaller sections of those neighborhoods called "barrios." The barrios were created by the church of the town that needed the division to allow the different barrios to host the symbol of the "feria," the virgin of the Tabernacle or "Virgen de Sagrario." All of the different neighborhoods or barrios are named after a religious Catholic symbol or saint.
Here is a list of the different barrios created by the church:
Climate.
The climate of La Garita, Jalisco is normally warm throughout the year. When summer begins is usually when the wet rainy season begins in the region, meaning that rainy days are more frequent than sunny days. The environment and its people have grown accustomed to a dry year with a very wet early summer. The rains are very beneficial to the sugarcane crops which make up most of the crops of the region. Most of the rains are caused by the influx of moisture from the Pacific Ocean in the form of low pressures, tropical storms, or at times hurricanes. 
During the remainder of the year, a sunny, warm and very pleasant tropical climate makes up for the rest of summer and autumn. During the winter and spring is when the dry season begins, when rainy days are very limited. This phenomenon causes the La Garita to attract visitors because of the pleasant sunny weather for most of the year. Being surrounded by high hills, the sea a few hours drive away, in the midsts of the Sierra Madre Occidental and the Sierra del Tigre, a river, a stream, and a couple of hours away from Mexico's largest fresh water lake Lake Chapala, it creates an enjoyable weather environment for the community and visitors. This unique climate makes the town one of the best places to vacation in Mexico.
Transportation.
Transportation for the town has always been a problem for the residents and visitors. There is no central hub for all travel, but since the major national highway 110 was constructed, which crosses through the center of the town, bus transportation between the state's major cities travel through the town of La Garita and stop here. The center of town has an area by the national highway where most taxis and buses stop. National buses also make a stop in town, but more towards the northeastern end part of the town near the town of La Verdura and closer to the eastern stream than the center of town on the side of the road. There is no train station or central transportation hub, but most visitors travel by means of their own car, bus, or taxi from nearby cities such as Tamazula and Mazamitla which do have a central hub for buses.
The nearby city of Tamazula de Gordiano recently finished construction (March 2012 H. Ayuntamiento 2010-2012) of a new central transportation hub for local, regional, and national buses at its main entryway, the Jose Maria Martinez Boulevard, which also finished its expansion to 3 and four lanes.
The nearest airports are Miguel Hidalgo International Airport (GDL) in Guadalajara, Jalisco (almost three hours away) and national airport of Colima in the City of Colima in the Mexican state of the same name, Colima, about two and a half hours away. Both of these airports offer bus service to the cities of Tamazula and Mazamitla, which may make a stop in the town of La Garita, if needed. The Miguel Hidalgo International Airport in Guadalajara is the airport of choice for the town's residents and visitors offering daily international flights to most major cities where most of the residents have family.
Economy.
La Garita counts with a rich and varied economy similar to other tourism regions of Mexico. Most of the income generated by its citizens comes from the fields they own in the delegation of which it is one of the biggest sugarcane producers in the municipality. Sugarcane of varied types is grown and harvested to be taken to "Ingenio Tamazula, S.A. de C.V." in the nearby city of Tamazula de Gordiano where it is converted into sugar. The waste products of the sugar process produce molasses and pure cane alcohol, which are also sold in the region. Even though sugarcane is the main income for the town, La Garita counts with a diverse and rich culture, entertainment, businesses, small shops, restaurants, pharmacies, and even a waterpark, which give a special/different touch to the town from the rest of the region.
The farmland is also used for corn, cattle, and swine. The hills surrounding the town create the perfect climate and irrigation for growing corn, alfalfa, and pasture. Farmers in the area that make a living from animals have: cows, pigs, chickens, goats, and sheep just to name a few. Although having livestock is not the most popular way to earn a living in La Garita, some prefer it instead of agriculture.
The rest of the citizens earn their income from the tourism generated by from people that visit the town during its religious festivities, the nearby recently built river dam "El Carrizo," and the popular spa/sauna/waterpark of natural thermal waters "Las Jaras." Those citizens that don't work and some that do survive from the money that they receive from family members that now reside in the United States. Most of the town's migrate workers and residents now of the United States reside in the Chicago region and southern California region.
Tourism.
The town is divided by the national highway Mexico 110 that runs from the city of Jiquilpan to the coastal port of Manzanillo. The corridor that parallels the highway that runs from the city of Tamazula de Gordiano to the mountain-city of Mazamitla make up the tourist region of the "Sierra del Tigre" or sierra of the tiger which focuses on eco-tourism, a form of tourism promoting nature. The town of La Garita just happens to be located in the middle of the corridor between both cities, and it is the start of the road that leads to the new river dam "El Carrizo" that has been converted into a tourist attraction for diving, boating, fishing, and more. 
Tourists that stop in the town enjoy learning about the culture and rich history of the town that started by the construction of the former "Hacienda de San Lázaro" of which there are still remains in great condition. The town's most attractive attraction is that of its religious festivities during the month of November to the virgin Sagrario and in December to the saint Lazarus, as well as the famous Mexican "posadas" that celebrate the journey that Christ's mother and father took in search for an inn or place to rest for the child to be born. 
By far the town's most important tourist attraction and job generator is the spa/sauna/waterpark of natural thermal waters that spring naturally called "Las Jaras." The waterpark has tobogans, a pool, splash stations for kids, hot tubs, water slides, two saunas with different heat levels, mud baths, massages, facials, restaurants, hotel/cabins, and more. The waters that spring here are naturally heated by underground lava tubes that come from the volcano "Colima" that is only a couple of hours away.
Arts and Culture.
Entertainment.
The town of La Garita is known as a "Pueblo Alegre" or happy town because its people tend to be very joyous and celebratory. That makes this town full of entertainment options for being a small town. Citizens and visitors will enjoy the town's square at night when everyone comes and walks around, talking, meeting other people, having dinner in its restaurants, going to the night clubs or discos, and dance parties that are common in the town. 
During the day people walk to the river, go to the newly renovated gym, play sports in the recently built community park, go horseback riding or ride ATVs, fishing, or take a dip in the waterpark's pool. Since the town is only 30 minutes east of the city of Tamazula de Gordiano and 30 minutes southwest of the city of Mazamitla, there are many opportunities to visit the cities for shopping and of course there are numerous parks for those that love extreme sports only minutes away.
Cuisine.
The town of La Garita is widely popular and known for its unique Mexican cuisine. There is no other place in the state that you can enjoy and savor the many rich flavors of the following foods:
Those are some of its more popular foods, but when it comes to drinks:
Education.
There are currently three public schools in La Garita ranging from Kindergarten to grade 9. All three schools are on the upper half of the town, built there in order to be safe from the frequent floods by the neighboring stream and river that used to flood the lower half of the town often in years past. 
For Kindergarten a small Jardin de Niños is available for children starting at age 5 with some of the best Kindergarten teachers from the region. 
As far as elementary education, an older school which educated the majority of the town citizens named Revolución was recently torn down to be replaced by a well needed three story building with modern amenities and computer labs. Unfortunately, the construction process of the building was not inspected properly resulting with the front entrance on the building towards the back, and vice versa. The elementary school hosts grades 1st through 6th (in Mexico elementary does not end on 5th grade as it is in the U.S., but 6th grade). 
A Jr. High is also available in town, although farther from the heart of the town, it hosts grades 7th-9th. In Mexico this is known as the secundaria or secondary education school.
Health Care.
La Garita currently has a clinic by the Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social (IMSS), a social security clinic funded by the workers of the region, especially the farmers of the sugarcane fields in the area. This is not an open clinic, only those people who qualify for the social security either by their work or a family member who works and pays for their social security is able to get medical aid, medicines, and care.
Public health care is available just a couple of miles away at the Centro de Salud at the neighbor town of La Verdura. At the nearby city of Tamazula de Gordiano, about 20 minutes away, more advance medical care is available with another IMSS clinic, Gotitas de Vida rehabilitation center, and the Centro de Salud Popular (a public government clinic).
Religion.
Religion is a big part of the culture and habits of the citizens of La Garita. There is only one church in the town, La Parroquia de La Garita. The town celebrates all saints and the virgin of Guadalupe as most of Mexico, but every town has a special celebration or fair, "la feria," to the town's Patron, San Lázaro. Up to recently, the celebration for the patron was revived as it was forgotten with time and the popularity of the virgin to the municipality of Tamazula, la Virgen del Sagrario.
Each of the fairs have a specific amount of days for the celebration with different things done in honor of the patron or virgin on each day plus entertainment. The popularity of each brings tourists and visitors to the town increasing the entertainment value from concerts with the best bands, mariachi bands, and pop stars that Mexico has to offer. The celebration of the "Virgen del Sagrario" is done from the 20th of November to the 30th of November each year. For the town's patron, "San Lázaro," it begins on the l7th to the 22nd of December each year.
About 89% of the citizens of La Garita consider themselves Catholics, while there are 11% which either don't associate with a specific religion or are Christian. The number of Christians is growing each year and currently sits at about 5% that is composed of Baptist, Pentecostal, and Jehovah's witness.
Sports.
Soccer is the main sport in the town with its popular team La Garita on the Municipal League, fast becoming a great contender on the league with a Juveniles and Intermedias versus teams.
The rodeo and bull riding is also a popular sport in the town although it is mostly seen during the religious festivities such as the Feria de la Virgen de Sagrario.
Recently, basketball became a popular sport in the town with the newly constructed basketball field in a new community park that also includes a new soccer field with audience stands or bleachers, a concert stage and more, right by the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19968471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968471" title="Dufresne">
Dufresne

Dufresne or du Fresne () is a French topographical name from Old French meaning "ash" as in Ash tree from the Latin: "fraxinus". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19968473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968473" title="Assumption of the Virgin Mary and Roch's Church, Jesenice">
Assumption of the Virgin Mary and Roch's Church, Jesenice

The Assumption of the Virgin Mary and Roch's Church () is a Catholic church in the Sava neighborhood of the town of Jesenice, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. 
Originally dedicated only to the Assumption of the Virgin, the church was built by the ironworks owners Julius and Orfeus Bucelleni. It is the first example of Jesuit architecture in Slovenia. The nave, with a plaque dated 1606, still preserves its original features. The choir was expanded and raised in the late 17th century. Three altar pieces painted by the Venetian artist Nicola Grassi from the church (The Assumption of the Virgin, Mary of the Rosary with St Dominic and St Francis, St Anthony of the Desert with an unknown early Christian martyr) were all restored in 1961 and again in 1992. There are a number of other oil paintings in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="19968475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968475" title="Daniel Shewchuk">
Daniel Shewchuk

Daniel Shewchuk (b. 1959 or 1960) is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Arviat in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election. In that election, he gained 48.4% of the vote, 22% more than his closest competitor. As of April 2010 he is the Minister of Environment, Minister of Human Resources and Minister Responsible for the Nunavut Arctic College.

</doc>
<doc id="19968482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968482" title="Sex Cymbal (song)">
Sex Cymbal (song)

"Sex Cymbal" is the lead single released from Sheila E.'s album of the same name. The song is a mid-tempo hip hop/house number and features a rap verse from Sheila E. herself.
"Sex Cymbal" was a top 40 R&B hit, peaking at #32 on the U.S. R&B charts, but it did not reach the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was the highest charting single from the album. The B-side is the instrumental "Bass Base".
Music video.
The music video showcased Sheila E. and her dancers wearing various outfits, primary color backdrops, fashion and vogue posing and dancing.

</doc>
<doc id="19968486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968486" title="Brite Futures">
Brite Futures

Brite Futures (formerly known as Natalie Portman's Shaved Head, often shortened to NPSH) was an American indie rock/electronica band from Seattle, Washington. The group released its debut album in July 2008 and disbanded in 2012. Their former name is a reference to actress Natalie Portman's physical appearance in the film "V for Vendetta".
History.
Formation.
The band was formed by Luke Smith and Shaun Libman, who met while attending The Center School, an arts-based college preparatory school in Seattle. Their early work was centered around keyboards and drum machines, the only instruments that the pair knew how to play at the time. Their decision to start Natalie Portman's Shaved Head was made in the food court of the Center House, in 2005. The name of the band is a reference to Natalie Portman's physical appearance in the film "V for Vendetta". Smith and Libman's first written songs for Natalie Portman's Shaved Head were about "fruit snacks and partying". The band claimed one of the reasons they formed the band was to get girlfriends.
The group expanded to a four piece before playing their first major gig, at the grand opening of the 826 Seattle writing center and Greenwood Space Travel Supply Company. They invited their friends David Price and Claire England to the band, and later recruited Liam Downey, Jr. from another band that they found on MySpace. Smith typically writes the band's music, and then writes lyrics with Libman afterwards.
The band would place Natalie Portman on the guest list of all of their shows, but the actress has not yet attended any performances. Portman was, however, aware of the band's name and existence. England's sister, a New York City resident, met the actress once, and relayed to her the history and story of the band. Signing an autograph for them, she said in response to the story, "Oh, that's cool."
"Glistening Pleasure", 2008–2011.
Natalie Portman's Shaved Head's debut album, "Glistening Pleasure", was released by Team Swam Records on July 15, 2008. The release party for the album was held at Easy Street Records in the Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle, where Liam Downey, Jr.'s good friend Benjamin Bucy was mugged for a copy of the album. The group have toured internationally with CSS, Matt & Kim, and The Go! Team and supported Lily Allen on her North American tour of her second album. Natalie Portman's Shaved Head had then begun work on their next album.
Keely Weiss of "Aced Magazine" described their music on "Glistening Pleasure" as reminiscent of Devo and an "unstoppable electronica/techno/funk/punk fusion". Their music has been described by Amy Atkins as evoking the sounds of 1980s music, and as "addictive dancey electro-pop". Michael Roberts of "Westword" called their sound "knowingly dorky party music" with "so many winks the average optometrist may suspect a serious vision issue." According to Smith, "We try to pack in as many melodies as possible and change it up a lot, as opposed to a straight repetitive style."
Natalie Portman's Shaved Head signed to Warner Bros. Records in late 2009 and digitally released their EP "Meet Hot Singles" with newer, improved versions of some songs off of "Glistening Pleasure". Since the album was taken off the market, it was said that they would release it sometime early 2010.
On June 17, 2010, the band announced that their band name would now be Brite Futures, and posted their new single "Dog Eared Summer" on their website for free download.
As for the name change, they have stated the following:
""We chose our band name on a whim when we were still in high school, and 'Natalie Portman’s Shaved Head' has seen us through an unexpectedly amazing four years...But now it is summer once again, and time for a change. Also, it has recently come to our attention that our muse Ms. Portman is not so keen on us using her name in ours...so we feel it is time to move forward with a new name. We are Brite Futures."" 
After much anticipation, Brite Futures' rerelease of "Glistening Pleasure", entitled "Glistening Pleasure 2.0" (referring to Justin Bieber's "My World 2.0",) is up for sale on Amazon and iTunes as of July 15, 2010, making both albums have an exact two-year gap between their release dates. Three of the tracks on "Glistening Pleasure" (being "Beard Lust", "Mouth Full of Bones", and "The Malibu Highlife") did not make it to the 2.0 version. However, "Dog Eared Summer" and a brand new song called "My Funk" were introduced on the album.
On September 13, 2010, Downey, Jr. announced that he amicably split from Brite Futures. The band stated that he "feels really good to be doing it on his own again, on a more intimate level with his music and himself." Downey, Jr.'s statement revealed his departure was based on "private and personal reasons, and the physical damage I have done to myself over the years while playing the music that I love." He also announced that he will be returning to his birth name. Downey, Jr. currently plays drums for local Seattle bands Total Shit and So Pitted, on top of being lead vocalist/drummer in his lifelong band the Fabulous Downey Brothers. Conor Sisk, formerly of the Port Townsend/Seattle-based band New Faces, went on to replace Downey, Jr. in the fall of 2011.
"Dark Past", 2011–2012 (Disbanding).
With the new lineup, the band went on to release their third studio album, Dark Past, on November 1, 2011. It was produced by Smith and mixed by Eliot James (who has worked with the likes of Two Door Cinema Club and Kaiser Chiefs) and was distributed by Atlantic Recording Corporation for the United States and Canada. The album had two singles, "Too Young To Kill" and "Test of Time (ft. Pearl Dragon)", both of which had music videos released through VEVO within the following year. The fifth track, "Best Party Ever (So Far)" was included in the trailer for the movie Fun Size, starring Victoria Justice, in fall of 2012.
On May 15, 2012, Brite Futures announced through their blog that they were breaking up and would no longer be recording new music, citing the band's slowing momentum and other individual aspirations. They played a final show at The Vera Project in Seattle on June 16, 2012. Downey, Jr. was present and went onstage to play drums for "Hush Hush". Shortly after the show, the band's main website became defunct.
Later that year, the band announced via Facebook that they would soon make a number of unreleased material available. October 30, 2012 marked the digital-only release of "When the Lights Go Out", a collection of Demos, B-Sides, and live tracks recorded over the life of Natalie Portman's Shaved Head and Brite Futures.

</doc>
<doc id="19968499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968499" title="Susan Liebeler">
Susan Liebeler

Susan Wittenberg Liebeler (born July 3, 1942) is an American lawyer and businesswoman, a former official in the administration of President Ronald Reagan, and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born Susan Levine in New Castle, Pennsylvania, Liebeler graduated from New Castle High School in New Castle in 1960. She earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Michigan in 1963 and a law degree from University of California, Los Angeles School of Law in 1966. She served as senior editor of the UCLA Law Review, and was named to the Order of the Coif.
Professional career.
Liebeler worked for two different law firms in Los Angeles from 1967 until 1970. She joined Republic Corp. in 1970 as a practicing attorney, leaving Republic in 1971. From 1972 until 1973, Liebeler was general counsel for Verit Industries. From 1973 until 1985, Liebeler was a professor of law at Loyola University in Los Angeles.
In 1984, Liebeler was designated by President Ronald Reagan as a commissioner at the United States International Trade Commission. In 1986, Reagan named Liebeler as the commission's chairman.
From 1988 until 1994, Liebeler was a partner with the Los Angeles law firm Irell & Manella.
Since 1995, Liebeler has been president of Lexpert Research Services, a company that she founded.
Failed nomination to the Federal Circuit.
On March 23, 1987, Reagan nominated Liebeler to be a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Shiro Kashiwa. Democrats in the Senate opposed Liebeler's nomination because of some decisions she had made while at the International Trade Commission and because of issues related to her temperament.
On February 23, 1988, the Democratic-controlled U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee narrowly voted 7-6 not to report Liebeler's nomination favorably out of committee. However, the committee also voted 8-5 to report on her nomination without a recommendation. No vote ever was scheduled on her nomination, however, and her nomination was returned to Reagan on October 22, 1988. President George H.W. Bush declined to renominate Liebeler upon winning the presidency.
President George H.W. Bush eventually appointted S. Jay Plager to fill the seat to which Liebeler had been nominated.
Personal.
Liebeler's husband, retired UCLA law professor and onetime counsel to the Warren Commission Wesley Liebeler (also known as Jim Liebeler), was killed in a plane crash in Lake Winnipesaukee in Gilford, New Hampshire on September 25, 2002. Liebeler currently lives in Malibu, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19968500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968500" title="Monsieur Beaucaire (1946 film)">
Monsieur Beaucaire (1946 film)

Monsieur Beaucaire is a 1946 comedy film starring Bob Hope as the title character, the barber of King Louis XV of France. It is loosely based on the novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington. It is a remake of the 1924 Rudolph Valentino silent film of the same name "Monsieur Beaucaire".

</doc>
<doc id="19968502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968502" title="Jill Perryman">
Jill Perryman

Jill Perryman AM MBE (born 1933) is an Australian stage actress and singer, born in Melbourne. Her parents and her sister (Diana Perryman) were all prominent in Australian theatre. At the age of 19, she joined J.C. Williamson Theatres Ltd as a member of the chorus and in 1953 was understudying leading roles in stage musicals, including Evie Hayes in the Australian production of "Call Me Madam".
Career.
Perryman was strong in voice and personality and a long series of understudy and small roles eventually led her, through the recommendation of John McCallum, who was then joint managing director of J. C. Williamson Theatres Ltd, to take the lead in the key Australian production of "Funny Girl", a performance that won her an Erik Award for Best Actress and led to major roles in other productions. These included "I Do! I Do!" in 1969; "The Two of Us" in 1971. "No, No, Nanette" in 1972 won her another Erik Award for Best Actress for her role as Lucille Early, then in 1973 she starred in "A Little Night Music". In 1976 she played Gladys Zilch in "Leading Lady", a musical production created especially for her. She also toured during 1977 in "Side by Side by Sondheim". She played Miss Hannigan in "Annie" in 1978. She won also the AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role in 1980.
Honours.
In the 1979 New Year's Honours, Jill Perryman was named a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).
In the 1992 Australia Day Honours, she was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM).
In 2011 she received the JC Williamson Award, a lifetime achievement award for her contribution to the Australian live performance industry.
In October 2013 Jill and her husband Kevan Johnston jointly received the Australian Equity Foundation's Lifetime Achievement Award at a presentation on the stage of Her Majesty's Theatre in Melbourne.
Personal.
She married Western Australian dancer-choreographer Kevan Johnston and their son is media personality Tod Johnston.

</doc>
<doc id="19968508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968508" title="Cossette">
Cossette

Cossette may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19968510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968510" title="Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem">
Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem

The Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem is a theorem in the field of statistical mechanics. The theorem states that when statistical mechanics and classical mechanics are applied consistently, the thermal average of the magnetization is always zero. This makes magnetism in solids solely a quantum mechanical effect and means that classical physics cannot account for diamagnetism, paramagnetism or ferromagnetism.
History.
What is today known as the Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem was discovered by Niels Bohr in 1911 in his doctoral dissertation and was later rediscovered by Hendrika Johanna van Leeuwen in her doctoral thesis in 1919. In 1932, van Vleck formalized and expanded upon Bohr's initial theorem in a book he wrote on electric and magnetic susceptibilities. The significance of this discovery is that classical physics does not allow for such things as paramagnetism, diamagnetism and ferromagnetism and thus quantum physics and relativity are needed to explain the magnetic events. This result, "perhaps the most deflationary publication of all time," may have contributed to Bohr's development of a quasi-classical theory of the hydrogen atom in 1913.
Proof.
An intuitive proof.
The Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem applies to an isolated system that cannot rotate (an isolated star could start rotating if exposed to a field). If, in addition, there is only one state of thermal equilibrium in a given temperature and field, and the system is allowed time to return to equilibrium after a field is applied, then there will be no magnetization.
The probability that the system will be in a given state of motion is predicted by Maxwell-Boltzmann statistics to be proportional to formula_1, where formula_2 is the energy of the system, formula_3 is the Boltzmann constant, and formula_4 is the absolute temperature. This energy is equal to the kinetic energy formula_5 for a particle with mass formula_6 and speed formula_7 and the potential energy.
The magnetic field does not contribute to the potential energy. The Lorentz force on a particle with charge formula_8 and velocity formula_9 is
where formula_11 is the electric field and formula_12 is the magnetic flux density. The rate of work done is formula_13 and does not depend on formula_12. Therefore, the energy does not depend on the magnetic field, so the distribution of motions does not depend on the magnetic field.
In zero field, there will be no net motion of charged particles because the system is not able to rotate. There will therefore be an average magnetic moment of zero. Since the distribution of motions does not depend on the magnetic field, the moment in thermal equilibrium remains zero in any magnetic field.
A more formal proof.
We will consider, for simplicity, a system with formula_15 electrons. This is appropriate, since most of the magnetism in a solid is carried by electrons, and the proof is easily generalized to more than one type of charged particle. Each electron has a negative charge formula_16 and mass formula_17. If its position is formula_18 and velocity is formula_9, it produces a current formula_20 and a magnetic moment
The above equation shows that the magnetic moment is a linear function of the position coordinates, so the total magnetic moment in a given direction must be a linear function of the form
where the dot represents a time derivative and formula_23 are vector coefficients depending on the position coordinates formula_24.
Maxwell-Boltzmann statistics gives the probability that the nth particle has momentum formula_25 and coordinate formula_26 as
where formula_28 is the Hamiltonian, the total energy of the system.
The thermal average of any function formula_29 of these generalized coordinates is then
In the presence of a magnetic field,
where formula_32 is the magnetic vector potential and formula_33 is the electric scalar potential. 
For each particle the components of the momentum formula_34 and position formula_35 are related by the equations of Hamiltonian mechanics:
Therefore,
so the moment formula_38 is a linear function of the momenta formula_34.
The thermally averaged moment,
is the sum of terms proportional to integrals of the form
where formula_42 represents one of the moment coordinates. The integrand is an odd function of formula_42, so it vanishes. Therefore, formula_44.
Applications of the Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem.
The Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem is useful in several applications including plasma physics, "All these references base their discussion of the Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem on Niels Bohr's physical model, in which perfectly reflecting walls are necessary to provide the currents that cancel the net contribution from the interior of an element of plasma, and result in zero net diamagnetism
for the plasma element." Electromechanics and electrical engineering also see practical benefit from the Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="19968529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968529" title="Nike Flywire">
Nike Flywire

Nike Flywire is a thread, composed of Vectran or nylon, and developed by Nike, used in the upper of a shoe. The goal of Flywire is to minimize weight and maximize support. Shoes containing Flywire became available for consumer purchase in 2008.
Development.
Flywire was created by Jay Meschter, Director of Innovation at Nike. He began by taking a last (an object shaped like a foot used to design shoes) and marking the key points of where a shoe needs to support the foot. When Meschter saw an embroidery machine, he determined the machine could be used to make long stitches. Long stitches, containing strong, lightweight fibers, would allow fibers to support the foot in key points, instead of using layers of material that support the whole foot.
Design.
The goal of the design is to help and support the foot using the lightest and strongest material possible, Vectran. The Flywire design (threads placed in key parts of the upper) prevents the foot from slipping when running. Flywire is also a minimalist idea (the idea that items should only contain necessities), since the upper only contains the fundamental features. This allows the maximum amount of energy to be moved forward each stride.
Vectran.
Nike adapts Vectran fibers, which are produced by Kuraray, into embroidery threads, before use in the shoe. Vectran fibers are thinner than human hair, and relatively inexpensive. Vectran is light weight, flexible, and high in tensile strength, the stress at which material deforms (five times stronger than steel), which makes it an ideal component for synthetic fibers. Vectran has also been used by NASA and in bicycle tires, among other things.
Support.
Nike designed Flywire with inspiration from a suspension bridge, where many cables provide support. This allows support to be placed where necessary, especially in the forefoot (metatarsus and toes) and heel. The cables are designed to wrap around the foot like tendons. Since the support does not come from layers of material, the shoe is also more flexible. The only layers of material on the shoe are in place to prevent dirt and rocks from reaching the foot.
Weight.
Due to the Vectran fibers, shoes containing Nike Flywire weigh as little as 93 grams, "approximately the weight of a Snickers bar with a bite missing." There is little excess weight because the upper is very thin, and the Vectran fibers are only added where support is needed. Shoe weight can be reduced up to 50% through the use of Flywire. Track spikes (running shoes with spikes added for traction) containing Flywire are now lighter than Michael Johnson's famous Golden Shoes of the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. These spikes are so light that athletes claim they are like "a second skin" or "spikes coming out of their feet." This is a goal that Bill Bowerman tried to achieve as co-founder of Nike and a spike designer.
Shoes.
Many Nike shoes contain Flywire. These shoes cover a variety of sports, including athletics, basketball, badminton, American Football, soccer, baseball and tennis. The athletics shoes were debuted at the 2007 World Championships at Osaka, while the rest made their first appearance at the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing, China, though all are now available for consumer purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="19968551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968551" title="Canad Inns Prairie Classic">
Canad Inns Prairie Classic

The Canad Inns Prairie Classic (formerly the Meyers Norris Penny Prairie Classic) is an annual curling tournament, held in October in Portage la Prairie. It is part of the World Curling Tour. The purse for the event $58,000 Cdn. 

</doc>
<doc id="19968552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968552" title="Camarillo Classic">
Camarillo Classic

The Camarillo Classic is a high school track and field invitational (1995–present ). Held on the third weekend of March, this meet includes many of California's premier runners and teams, and takes place in the James Ackerman Stadium of Adolfo Camarillo High School. Featuring both distance relays and individual events, this two day invitational occasionally holds a special invite-only race when an elite field of runners has been assembled. Notable athletes such as Jordan Hasay have had record-breaking performances at the Camarillo Classic. This is a well-known meet in early season CA track and field.
Meet Information.
The Camarillo Classic consists of the Camarillo Distance Classic Relays on Friday night and the standard events on Saturday. Added in 2003, the distance carnival on Friday night has grown in popularity and competitiveness. The distance relays attract many top teams from Southern California due to Camarillo's mild weather, the thrill of running under the lights, and the prospect of racing top teams in four-man relay races. Friday events include the 4 x 800m relay, 4 x 1600m relay, Distance Medley Relay, and a 5000 meter run. Friday night is unique in that there are special invitational events when a particularly strong field of runners has been assembled. In 2006 there was an elite men's 3200 m race, while in 2007 there was an elite women's 3200 m race. 
Saturday events consist of (in approximate order) the 100/110 m hurdles, 1600 m run, 4x100 m relay, 400 m dash, 100 m dash, 800 m run, 300 m hurdles, 200 m dash, 3200 m run, and the 4x400 m relay. The long jump, high jump, triple jump, shot put, discus, and pole vault take place throughout the day.
Mike Smith, Charlie Carranza, and Mary Perez are the acting meet directors.
Attending Schools.
Schools that attended the 2008 Camarillo Classic include Arroyo Grande, Burbank, Birmingham, Cabrillo, Camarillo, Channel Islands, Crescenta Valley, Dominguez, Dos Pueblos, Foothill, Glendora, Golden Valley, Granada Hills, Hart, Hueneme, La Reina, La Sierra, Lompoc, Mira Costa, Mt. Carmel, Moorpark, Morro Bay, Monroe, Newbury Park, Newport Harbor, Nordhoff, Oak Park, Oxnard, Palisades Charter, Rio Mesa, Salesian, San Luis Obispo, Saugus, Santa Barbara, Simi Valley, St. Bonaventure, Thousand Oaks, and Ventura.
Notable Runners.
This meet has attracted many notable runners. On March 16, 2007, Jordan Hasay, then a student at Mission College Preparatory, set a sophomore national record in the 3200 meters with a time of 10:04.07. She achieved this while Kim Mortensen and Jeff Nelson, both long-standing U.S. record holders in that event, cheered her on. Michael Coe, the 2006 Nike Indoor Nationals 3200m champion, ran the year before with a 9:04 3200m against another superb group of runners. This race was the last on the track under the lights and featured stars such as Coe, Ben Sitler, Ted Price, Jake Matthews, Kent Morikowa, and others. Also in 2003, future state champion Duane Solomon ran a state-leading 1:51.44 800m split.
Some other notable runners include Ted Price (distance events), Richard Sherman (triple jump), Dayshan Ragans (throws), Porchea Carroll (sprints), Ben Sitler (3200), and Spencer and Dylan Knight (distance events).
Boys Individual Meet Records.
100m - 10.67 Lambert (St. Bonaventure) 2003
200m - 21.4 Pipersburg (Santa Barbara) 1996
400m - 46.3 Lea (Camarillo) 1998 
800m - 1:57.1 Ramirez (Royal) 2001 
1600m - 4:17.0 Coe (Cabrillo) 2005 
3200m - 9:04.86 Coe (Cabrillo) 2006 
5000m - 15:15.83 Knight (La Sierra) 2007
110m hurdles - 14.3 Johnson (Rio Mesa) 2003 
300m hurdles - 39.02 Jackson (Royal) 2000 
Long jump - 23'9" Jackson (Royal) 1999
Triple jump - 48'8.25" Sherman (Dominguez) 2006 
High jump - 6'8.5" Jackson (Channel Islands) 1997
Pole vault - 15'0" Greenburg (Palisades) 2007
Shot put - 63'5.75" Shields (Arroyo Grande) 2001 
Discus - 191'6.75" Rohr (Arroyo Grande) 2005
Girls Individual Meet Records.
100m - 11.52 Carroll (Rio Mesa) 2000
200m - 24.6 Carroll (Rio Mesa) 1999 
400m - 56.48 Neeley (Dos Pueblos) 2004 
800m - 2:16.48 Hasay (Mission Prep) 2006
1600m - 4:47.41 Hasay (Mission Prep) 2006
3200m - 10:04.07 Hasay (Mission Prep) 2007
5000m - 19:09.91 Novik (Agoura) 2003
100m hurdles - 14.6 Waaden (Rio Mesa) 1995
300m hurdles - 47.1 Hebert (Buena) 1996
Long jump - 18'4.5" Carroll (Rio Mesa) 1999 
Triple jump - 37'4" Valdez (Dos Pueblos) 2007
High jump - 5'10" Wagner (Dos Pueblos) 2002
Pole vault - 11'9" Stark (Oak Park) 2006
Shot put - 51'11.5" Freberg (San Luis Obispo) 2001
Discus - 180'11" Grant (Arroyo Grande) 2003
Boys Relay Records.
4x100 - 42.26 Rio Mesa 2007 
4x400 - 3:21.1 Lompoc 2002
4x800 - 8:03.52 La Sierra 2007
4x1600 - 17:45.97 Cabrillo 2006 
DMR - 10:34.8 Canyon 2005
Girls Relay Records.
4x100 - 48.27 Dominguez 2007
4x400 - 3:58.9 Birmingham 2000
4x800 - 9:52.05 Thousand Oaks 2007
4x1600 - 22:38.53 Simi Valley 2006
DMR - 12:23.23 Woodbridge 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19968559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968559" title="Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide">
Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide

"Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide" is the debuting single for singer Marvin Gaye, released as Tamla 54041, in May 1961. It was also the first release off Gaye's debut album, "The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye", in which most of the material was the singer's failed attempt at making an "adult" record compared to Motown's younger R&B sound.
Overview.
Background.
In 1960, Marvin Gay, Jr. moved to Detroit with his mentor Harvey Fuqua, who had first booked him as a co-lead singer of "Harvey & the Moonglows", a splinter version of the popular fifties doo-wop group, the Moonglows. Fuqua and Gay met up with several members of the Gordy family, and before long both of them were dating the female Gordy members Gwen and Anna respectively. Around that fall, Marvin was introduced to Motown Records CEO Berry Gordy after Gaye walked in during a party at the local Hitsville studios and played around on the piano. Gordy later signed Gay first as a session drummer for Anna Records and eventually signed him into Motown's Tamla label as an artist. After several arguments over the direction of the album - the headstrong Marvin wanted to record a "Frank Sinatra-styled pop album" while Gordy wanted him to record R&B, the two came to a compromise, while most of "Soulful Moods" featured covers of jazz songs and Broadway tunes, three of the final songs on the album were produced in an rhythm and blues mode.
Song style.
This song was inspired by a Ray Charles ballad and featured background vocals by The Andantes. During the song Marvin mixes a smooth tenor with a few falsetto whoops.
Release.
Gordy released it with the b-side being the Anna Gordy and Harvey Fuqua-penned "Never Let You Go (Sha-Lu Bop)" in May 1961, a month after Marvin's 22nd birthday. Before its release, however, Marvin sought to begin his solo career with a new name. Inspired by Sam Cooke, Marvin added an "e" to his last name therefore becoming forever known as Marvin Gaye. Despite regional success in Detroit, the song failed to enter either the pop or R&B chart on the national "Billboard" magazine. Mary Wells later covered the song for her own debut Motown release, "Bye Bye Baby I Don't Want to Take a Chance".

</doc>
<doc id="19968561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968561" title="Eva Aariak">
Eva Aariak

Eva Qamaniq Aariak, (; born January 10, 1955) is a Canadian politician, who was elected in the 2008 territorial election to represent the electoral district of Iqaluit East in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut. She was subsequently chosen as the second Premier of Nunavut, under the territory's consensus government system, on November 14, 2008. She resigned the position after failing to be re-elected in the 2013 election. Aariak was the fifth woman to serve as a premier in Canada.
Background.
Prior to her election as an MLA, Aariak was the first Languages Commissioner for Nunavut. Originally appointed to a four-year term beginning in 1999, her term was later extended for another year until December 2004.
In her capacity as Languages Commissioner, she was asked to choose an Inuktitut language word for the Internet; she settled on "ikiaqqivik", which literally means "travelling through layers" and refers to the traditional Inuit concept of a shaman travelling through time and space to find answers to spiritual and material questions.
After stepping down as Languages Commissioner she then went on to teach Inuktitut at the Pirurvik Centre in Iqaluit, and later owned and operated Malikkaat, a retail store in Iqaluit which sold Inuit arts and crafts. She was later reappointed as acting commissioner in December 2007 after the resignation of then Languages Commissioner, Johnny Kusugak.
She has also served as coordinator of the Baffin Divisional Education Council's Inuktitut language book publishing program, as president of the Baffin Regional Chamber of Commerce and as chair of the Nunavut Film Development Corporation.
Political career.
Aariak was the only woman elected to the Legislative Assembly in the 2008 election. She subsequently expressed her disappointment with that fact, suggesting that improved daycare services in Nunavut might be needed to help women participate more actively in the political process and that the territory should revisit the failed proposal to have a smaller number of electoral districts, each of which would choose one man and one woman as MLAs.
Two other women, Jeannie Ugyuk and Monica Ell, were subsequently elected to the legislature in by-elections.
At the Nunavut Leadership Forum on November 14, 2008, Aariak was chosen as the new premier over incumbent Paul Okalik and MLA Tagak Curley. She was the fifth woman, after Rita Johnston, Nellie Cournoyea, Catherine Callbeck and Pat Duncan, to hold a premiership in Canada, and the sixth female First Minister in the country including former Prime Minister Kim Campbell.
On September 5, 2013, Aariak announced that while she would seek re-election as an MLA for the new electoral district of Iqaluit-Tasiluk in the 2013 election, she was not interested in a second term as premier when the new Legislative Assembly takes office. On October 28, 2013 Ariak was not re-elected as an MLA, losing by 43 votes to George Hickes.

</doc>
<doc id="19968562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968562" title="ASEAN Federation of Accountants">
ASEAN Federation of Accountants

The ASEAN Federation of Accountants (AFA) is the body that represents the accountancy profession in the ASEAN region. AFA was established in 1977 and is led by a Council consisting the representatives of the national accounting bodies of the 10 member countries in Asean.
The members of AFA are:
In addition to the activities which support the development of the accountancy profession, AFA is also involved in assisting its members to comply with the membership obligation of the International Federation of Accountants and provide assistance to non-IFAC members to join the international federation.
AFA organises its AFA Conference every 2 years. The 2013 conference was held in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Changes in the AFA presidency are usually made during the Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19968578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968578" title="Moses Aupaluktuq">
Moses Aupaluktuq

Moses Aupaluktuq is a territorial politician from Nunavut, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut from 2008 to 2013.
Political career.
Aupaluktuq ran for a seat to the Nunavut Legislature as a candidate in the Baker Lake in the 2008 territorial election. He defeated incumbent David Simailak in a hotly contested three way race taking just over 41% of the popular vote.
Criminal charges.
Aupaluktuq has had a turbulent first term in office. Royal Canadian Mounted Police have charged him with liquor related offenses in two separate incidents. His first offense occurred on November 7, 2009 when police charged him with a drunk driving offense after he was found unconscious in his vehicle while it was in a snow filled ditch in the community of Baker Lake, Nunavut.
Aupaluktuq refuted the impaired driving charge, stating that the traffic incident happened before he got drunk and the vehicle had already been in the ditch. His court appearance based on that charge is scheduled for November 2010. His second charge came on October 1, 2010 in which he was charged with unlawful possession of liquor. The police have not yet released more information regarding the case. If convicted of either charge he could lose his seat in the Assembly or face other sanctions.

</doc>
<doc id="19968581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968581" title="Matt Stillwell">
Matt Stillwell

Matt Stillwell (born in Sylva, North Carolina) is an American country music artist. 
During college, athletics was Matt's priority, not music. At Western Carolina University, he was an All Conference performer on the baseball team, playing both infield and outfield. Touted as a probable major league draft choice during his junior season at WCU, he chose music over baseball. "I could have chased the dream and went and tried out and played independent ball," he says, "but I thought, 'If I'm going to chase something,' I’d rather it be music."
In late 2008, he released his debut single, "Shine", which peaked at number 52 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. The single served as the title track to his third album released on September 30, 2008. His fourth album, "Right on Time", will be released on March 11, 2014. The album's first single, "Ignition," peaked at number 52 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19968583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968583" title="Corner Inlet">
Corner Inlet

Corner Inlet is a bay, that is located south-east of Melbourne, in the South Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia. Of Victoria’s large bays it is both the easternmost and the warmest. It contains intertidal mudflats, mangroves, salt marsh and seagrass meadows, sheltered from the surf of Bass Strait by a complex of 40 sandy barrier islands, the largest of which are Snake, Sunday and Saint Margaret Islands. 
The inlet is protected as a Ramsar site, by the Nooramunga and Corner Inlet Marine and Coastal Parks, and by part of it lying within the Corner Inlet Marine National Park. The inlet adjoins Wilsons Promontory in the west, extends to Ninety Mile Beach in the east, and supports large numbers of migratory waders and other birds as well a rich marine flora and fauna.
History.
Corner Inlet lies within the traditional lands of the Brataolong clan of the Gunai nation. In the early 1840s European settlers moved into the area and established agricultural, mining and forestry enterprises. Commercial fishing became established in the 1860s. The surrounding land was originally covered by forest which has mostly since been cleared. It has become a popular tourist destination for recreational boating and fishing.
Birds.
Some of land and water covering Corner Inlet has been recognised by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area. Containing the most extensive intertidal mudflats in Victoria, it supports over 1% of the world populations of Chestnut Teal, Far Eastern Curlew, Red-necked Stint, Pied and Sooty Oystercatchers and the Hooded Plover. The critically endangered Orange-bellied Parrot has occasionally been seen there.

</doc>
<doc id="19968589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968589" title="List of Major League Soccer transfers 2009">
List of Major League Soccer transfers 2009

The following is a list of transfers for the 2009 Major League Soccer season. Seattle Sounders FC, a new expansion team, signed four players during the 2008 season, however their transfers are listed on this page for clarity. David Beckham's loan to Milan was also made during the 2008 season. The rest of the transfers were made during the 2008–09 offseason all the way through to the MLS transfer deadline on August 31, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19968603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968603" title="Adamee Komoartok">
Adamee Komoartok

Adamee Komoartok is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Pangnirtung in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election.
On 10 March 2011, all Nunavut MLAs, with the exception of Moses Aupaluktuq and James Arvaluk who were absent, voted to suspend Komoartok until the spring session. His suspension arose after he was charged with "assault causing bodily harm" on his wife, Penena Mosesee, who was also charged with assault.
On 15 March 2011, Komoartok announced that he was resigning as MLA for Pangnirtung. He first announced his resignation on the community radio and the hamlet issued a release supporting his resignation. A by-election for the seat will be held within six months.

</doc>
<doc id="19968610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968610" title="Mount Taishaku">
Mount Taishaku

Outline and History.
Mount Taishaku is the second tallest mountain of Tanjō Mountains, which itself is a part of Rokkō Mountains. The name ‘Taishaku’ comes from Śakra a deity of Budhsim.　At the top of this mountain, there was the Okuno-in of the Myōｙōji temple and at the Okuno-in it is said that a sculpture of Śakra was set up.

</doc>
<doc id="19968611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968611" title="Ron Elliott (politician)">
Ron Elliott (politician)

Ron Elliott is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Quttiktuq in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election.

</doc>
<doc id="19968617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968617" title="1988–89 Buffalo Sabres season">
1988–89 Buffalo Sabres season

The 1988–89 Buffalo Sabres season, the team's 19th season of existence, saw the Sabres finish in third place in the Adams Division with a record of 38 wins, 35 losses, and 7 ties for 83 points. They lost the Division Semi-finals in five games to the Boston Bruins.
Regular season.
Clint Malarchuk incident.
On March 22, 1989, a horrific incident occurred during a game between the Sabres and the St. Louis Blues at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium, when Buffalo goaltender Clint Malarchuk had his jugular vein severed by the skate blade of the Blues' Steve Tuttle during a goal mouth collision. According to reports, eleven fans in the stands fainted, two more had heart attacks, and three players vomited on the ice. The Sabres' training staff was immediately on the scene, and Malarchuk eventually needed 300 stitches to close the wound. Astonishingly, he spent only one night in hospital before returning to practice four days later.
Playoffs.
Division semi-finals.
1989 Stanley Cup playoffs
Buffalo Sabres vs. Boston Bruins
"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"
Player stats.
Forwards.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="19968627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968627" title="Freeport of Monrovia">
Freeport of Monrovia

The Freeport of Monrovia is the main commercial port facility in the West African nation of Liberia. It was artificially created on Bushrod Island near Monrovia in 1948. The facility contains four piers and one main wharf with four berths. The port also has tanker facilities and a fishery pier. The National Port Authority operates it.
History.
As early as 1850, seagoing ships began exporting palm oil from a port at Monrovia. During World War II, American military forces landed in Liberia to ensure the flow of rubber exports for use in wartime materials. These forces improved the port facilities in Monrovia and built an artificial harbor with two breakwaters. In 1948, this new bay opened.
The national government took over the port from an American company in 1971 and created the National Port Authority to operate the facility. A strike in 1981 crippled the port for a month before the President of Liberia dismissed the strikers. In 1990, during the First Liberian Civil War, President Samuel Doe was captured at the port by Prince Y. Johnson and later executed elsewhere.
In 1995, the M/V "Mush" sank after being overloaded and hindered port traffic until removed in 1998. On July 25, 2001, the M/V "Torm Alexandra" sunk at the port, blocking one of the berths. After years of failed efforts to remove the ship, the ship was raised and removed in a private operation financed by the United States government in May 2009. In 2002, the port authority completed dredging the harbor's entrance to allow for second and third generation vessels to visit.
In 2010, the Liberian government signed a $120 million concession agreement with APM Terminals, establishing a public-private partnership between the company and the National Port Authority to run the port. According to the terms of the agreement, APM Terminals will modernize the port and its staff, bringing it in line with international standards.
In October 2012, Western Cluster Limited (WCL) signed a Port Lease and Operating Agreement with the management of the National Port Authority (NPA) for the rehabilitation and construction of infrastructures at the Freeport of Monrovia for WCL’s export of iron ore. WCL’s Mineral Development Agreement signed with the government of Liberia in August 2011 for the development of iron ore mines in Bea, Bomi and Mano River Mines in western Liberia required the company to enter into a Port Lease and Operating Agreement with the NPA for the shipping of its iron ore through the Freeport of Monrovia. The agreement allows WCL to construct loading and unloading facilities including rehabilitation of the former Liberia Mining Company (LMC) and National Iron Ore Company (NIOC) piers. Under the agreement, 43.29 acres of land has been earmarked for use by WCL for developing the port facilities. Apart from the infrastructure development which will be undertaken by WCL, the National Port Authority will be receiving annual lease rental for the land.

</doc>
<doc id="19968628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968628" title="Johnny Ningeongan">
Johnny Ningeongan

Johnny Ningeongan is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Nanulik in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election. He was defeated in the 2013 election in the redistributed district of Aivilik.
Prior to his election to the legislature, Ningeongan served five terms as mayor of Coral Harbour and one term as president of the Nunavut Federation of Municipalities.

</doc>
<doc id="19968634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968634" title="Monsieur Beaucaire">
Monsieur Beaucaire

Monsieur Beaucaire can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19968635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968635" title="Everett Historic District">
Everett Historic District

Everett Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19968642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968642" title="USS Wakulla (ID-3147)">
USS Wakulla (ID-3147)

The first USS "Wakulla" (ID-3147) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
SS "Wakulla" was a steel-hulled, single-screw cargo vessel built under a contract from the United States Shipping Board (USSB) at Los Angeles, California, by the Los Angeles Shipbuilding and Drydock Company. She was launched on 14 January 1918. Acquired by the United States Navy on 22 June 1918 for World War I service, she was given Identification Number (Id. No.) 3147 and commissioned as USS "Wakulla" on 26 June 1918 at San Francisco, California, with Lieutenant Commander Albert J. McAlman, USNRF, in command, named for Wakulla County, FL. 
"Wakulla" loaded a capacity cargo of flour and departed for the United States East Coast on 21 July 1918. En route, she underwent repairs at Balboa, Panama, from 11 August 1918 to 18 August 1918. Making port at New York City on 27 August 1918, "Wakulla" bunkered, underwent further repairs, and sailed for Sydney, Nova Scotia, on 7 September 1918. On 13 September 1918, she joined a convoy bound for the British Isles and made arrival at Dublin, Ireland, on 29 September 1918.
After unloading her cargo there, "Wakulla" shifted to Liverpool, England, late in October 1918. Underway from Liverpool on 9 November 1918, "Wakulla" was en route to New York when the armistice of 11 November 1918 stilled the guns of World War I.
Loading a cargo of foodstuffs earmarked for the French government, "Wakulla" departed New York on 18 December 1918, only to turn back for repairs, arriving back at New York on 21 December 1918. She remained under repairs into 1919 before finally departing, sailing again for France on 28 January 1919. Arriving at Bordeaux on 19 February 1919, "Wakulla" discharged her cargo, loaded 1,000 tons of United States Army ordnance materiel, and departed France on 29 March 1919, bound for the United States. After arriving at New York on 13 April 1919, she was decommissioned at Hoboken, New Jersey, on 18 April 1919 and simultaneously struck from the Navy List.
Returned to the United States Shipping Board and once again becoming SS "Wakulla", she operated actively out of Los Angeles, California, until 1923, when she was laid up, in reserve. She remained in this status until the first half of 1931 when, due to age and deterioration, she was scrapped at Baltimore, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19968643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968643" title="Enuk Pauloosie">
Enuk Pauloosie

Enuk Pauloosie was a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Nattilik in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election. His riding of Nattilik encompasses the communities of Gjoa Haven, Nunavut and Taloyoak, Nunavut.
Before politics.
Enuk Pauloosie was born in Taloyoak, Nunavut, in 1961. He had taken many jobs in both the public and private sectors prior to his 2008 election to the electoral district of Nattilik. These positions included five years as a police officer with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in the communities of Baker Lake, Nunavut and Cambridge Bay. Pauloosie was also the General Manager of Housing in Gjoa Haven, the Assistant Manager of the Kikertak Co-op in Gjoa Haven and a board member of both the Gjoa Haven co-op and the local Hunters and Trappers Association.
Pauloosie's public sector involvement is very extensive. From 1995 to 1999, he served as the Planning and Land Administrator for the Gjoa Haven community, and has also served as the Lands Officer for the Kivalliq Inuit Association in Cambridge Bay and Kugluktuk.
Political career.
In 2008, Pauloosie ran in the Nunavut general election in the riding of Nattilik. He campaigned on a platform of concern for housing, education (especially ensuring that more Inuit traditional values are taught in schools), economic growth, municipal issues and tourism. Out of 663 electors, Pauloosie captured 229 votes, or 34.5%. This result was 32 votes (4.8%) above the next most popular candidate, Jeannie Kanayuk Ugyuk.
In June 2009, Pauloosie was suspended from sittings of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut without pay for the entire spring session for being "persistently absent without reasonable explanation from recent meetings of the Legislative Assembly’s committees and caucuses". The motion to suspend Pauloosie was passed without opposition. He resumed his seat in the fall session of the Legislative Assembly.
In November 2009, Pauloosie called upon the Government of Nunavut to ban all of its employees from flying Air Canada to support northern airlines such as First Air and Canadian North.
On 22 February 2010, Pauloosie presented a letter of resignation to James Arreak, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Pauloosie said that he was resigning due to personal reasons but did not expand on them. Clerk of the assembly, John Quirke, said that by-election must be held within six months.
Personal life.
Enuk Pauloosie is married to his wife Celine and has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19968654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968654" title="Peter Taptuna">
Peter Taptuna

Peter Taptuna is a Canadian politician serving as the third and current premier of Nunavut. Taptuna was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Kugluktuk in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election. In the 2008 election, Taptuna received 264 votes, or 59.7%, ahead of the only other candidate, Donald Havioyak, who received 178 votes (40.3%).
Before politics.
Peter Taptuna was born in 1955 or 1956 in Cambridge Bay. Attending a residential school in Inuvik, Taptuna went on to become a member of the first and only Inuit oil and gas drilling crew on the Beaufort Sea.
After the western Arctic oil and gas sector shut down, Taptuna began working on the Lupin Gold Mine southeast of Kugluktuk. There, he completed an apprenticeship, earning journeyman and Red Seal certification. After his return to Kugluktuk, Taptuna received a diploma in Management Studies from Nunavut Arctic College.
Political career.
In 1999, Taptuna began service as a hamlet councillor and became the deputy mayor of the Hamlet of Kugluktuk. From 2000, he was the director and chair of the Kitikmeot Corporation, and the director of the Nunavut Development Corporation. On October 27, 2008, the day of the 2008 territorial election, Taptuna was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, representing the Kugluktuk riding, the most western riding in Nunavut. He currently holds many positions within the government of Nunavut, including Deputy Premier, Minister Responsible for the Nunavut Development Corporation, Minister Responsible for the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation, Minister Responsible for Mines, and from November 19, 2008, the Minister of Economic Development & Transportation.
On November 15, 2013 Taptuna beat out Paul Okalik and Paul Quassa for the position of premier.
Personal life.
Taptuna has been married to his wife Joanne for over thirty years. They have five children and nine grandchildren.
External links.
. Biography at the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut

</doc>
<doc id="19968660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968660" title="New England Venture Capital Association">
New England Venture Capital Association

The New England Venture Capital Association (NEVCA) is a trade association with the mission of promoting venture capital investing and entrepreneurship in New England. As of October 2008, the association represents over 700 members from 100 firms, who collectively manage more than $50 billion in assets. Members pay an annual $1000 membership fee that funds NEVCA events and services. NEVCA offers a wide range of services to its members including directory listing, networking services, and access to NEVCA events throughout the year. NEVCA is a member of the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA).
History.
NEVCA was founded in 1902 as a loose association of the regional investment bodies at the time. At that time, the organization had no full-time staff and served primarily as a communications channel between investors. Since its foundation, NEVCA has grown into a much larger regional body that represents hundreds of partner firms who manage thousands of companies, with tens of billions of dollars in capital under management.
NEVCA Today.
Today NEVCA employs a "working" board of VC partners and a full-time Executive Director. NEVCA also hosts Critical Mass, a co-working space that hosts entrepreneurs and startup companies in Cambridge. NEVCA members and staff spend time at Critical Mass providing mentoring and networking opportunities. In addition to its role as a hub for venture investors and entrepreneurs, NEVCA also serves to promote investment in venture funds in New England through public outreach and marketing campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="19968665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968665" title="Allan Rumbolt">
Allan Rumbolt

Allan Rumbolt is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Hudson Bay in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election.
Biography.
Allan Rumbolt was born in Little Catalina, Newfoundland and Labrador in the 1966. In 1987, Rumbolt moved to Nunavut (then the Northwest Territories) to work for the North West Company, and worked in several communities there until 1990, when he settled in Sanikiluaq with the Company. After leaving the Company, he was employed as the Qammaq Housing Association manager. Following this, he furthered his education by taking courses to become qualified in operating heavy equipment, and prior to his election as a Member of the Nunavut Legislative Assembly, worked as a heavy equipment operator with the Municipality of Sanikiluaq.
In Sanikiluaq, Rumbolt has served for two years on the municipal council, as well as serving for the same length of time with the local District Education Authority. In 2008, he was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut for the electoral district of Hudson Bay as part of the territorial election. he ran on a promise to "listen to the people and organizations of Sanikiluaq, and do what he can to achieve the community's goals." Rumbolt wanted to address local issues concerning recreation, hunting, the environment and roads. Out of 338 votes, he won 152, or 45.0%, for a plurality of the votes. his closest competitor, Johnny Manning, won 121 votes, with 35.8% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19968666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968666" title="Faculdade Novafapi">
Faculdade Novafapi

Faculdade Novafapi is a higher education institution located in Teresina, capital of the Brazilian state of Piauí. It was inaugurated in 2000 with the ordinance of the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Culture. 
To enter as a student, high school graduation from a recognized institution of education is required. Every twice an year there is access through the vestibular, one at the middle of the year right before winter vacations and another selective process in the end of the year, before the summer vacations.
All the teachers have a MBA on the practice area as required to teach at the faculty.
Infrastructure.
Library.
The library has full access to the students, teachers and faculty staff. A digital scanner system is in use for lending books, preventing the use of false identity.
Classrooms.
The classes are equipped with a home-theater stereo sound system, datashow, and whiteboard. There are also airconditioners.
Computer Labs.
Lab 1 has 25 computers programed for academic sources and general search on the Internet. Lab 2 has 45 line up computers, source on intranet article system and general source at Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19968695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968695" title="Gorbachev (disambiguation)">
Gorbachev (disambiguation)

Gorbachev (Cyrillic: Горбачёв) is a Russian surname. It derived from a word meaning "Hunchback". The Ukrainian equivalent is Horbanenko and the Belarusian equivalent is Harbachow.

</doc>
<doc id="19968700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968700" title="Droppin' Like Flies">
Droppin' Like Flies

"Droppin' Like Flies" is a 1991 song by Sheila E., and the second single released from her album, "Sex Cymbal". The song is a mid-tempo house number with Latin and R&B influences.
"Droppin' Like Flies" was a top 25 Dance hit, peaking at #23 on the U.S. Dance charts. It debuted and peaked at #77 on the R&B charts.
Music video.
The elaborate music video featured Sheila E. and many people in a crime-ridden urban area, and featured police firing their guns, thugs fighting, and people walking out of shady clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19968739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968739" title="Soldier's Plea">
Soldier's Plea

"Soldier's Plea" is a 1962 single released by singer Marvin Gaye as Tamla 54063, and was the last non-charted early single Marvin released prior to releasing his first hit single, "Stubborn Kind of Fellow", later that year.
Background.
Recording.
Recorded in the spring of 1962 a few days after Marvin turned 23, the song was the first single from Marvin's second album, "That Stubborn Kinda Fellow". The song was the answer song to The Supremes' modest charter, "Your Heart Belongs to Me", as in that song, the lead singer Diana Ross wrote to her lover who was "serving his country from a faraway land". In Marvin's response, he counter-pleads his lover's stance that her heart belongs to him by having her keep that promise when he returned. The song was recorded with The Love Tones singing in the background.
Release.
After "Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide" and "Sandman", this was the third single for Marvin not to chart on any Billboard chart. All three releases predated the grittier rock 'n' roll-styled dance hits that initially brought Marvin national fame in the early sixties and showed the young singer singing in a smooth tenor that predated his mid-1960s recordings as he became an established R&B star.

</doc>
<doc id="19968755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968755" title="Lauffen, Upper Austria">
Lauffen, Upper Austria

Lauffen is situated in the district Gmunden within the central Salzkammergut in southern Upper Austria. It's a Katastralgemeinde of Bad Ischl. Its elevation is 490 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19968756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968756" title="Julio César de Andrade Moura">
Julio César de Andrade Moura

Julio César de Andrade Moura, more commonly known as Julinho (born October 31, 1965 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil) is a former association football striker from Brazil, who obtained the Peruvian nationality. He played in various teams in Brazil but became famous playing with Peruvian team Sporting Cristal.
Profile.
Julinho first played professional football for Vitória Futebol Clube (ES), team which he is a fan of, in 1982. He has played for several teams in Brazil including Flamengo, Avaí, Treze Futebol Clube and Fortaleza Esporte Clube.
In 1991, he was offered a job to play for Defensor Lima, despite knowing nothing about the team or Peruvian football in general, he accepted the offer for the salary. After two successful seasons with Defensor Lima, he was brought to Sporting Cristal in 1993.
With Sporting Cristal, he won the Peruvian First Division in 1993, 1994, 1995, and 2002. He also finished 2nd place in the same competition with Cristal in 1997, 1998, 2000, and 2003. He was part of the Sporting Cristal team that were runner up to the 1997 Copa Libertadores. He has become an idol to Sporting Cristal fans in his 10 year career with Cristal.
De Andrade made 12 appearances for the Peru national football team from 1996 to 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19968769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968769" title="Six family">
Six family

Six is a Dutch well-known family from Amsterdam. The family originally comes from region of Lille in the North of France. During the Reformation, the family moved from Antwerp to Amsterdam and later belonged to the government of that city. Several family members were painted by Rembrandt. The name Six is an abbreviation of Sixtus, a name given to the sixth child of a family. Jan Six II (1668–1750) bought the fiefdom of Hillegom. Members carry the title of baron.

</doc>
<doc id="19968778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968778" title="Lomax (auto)">
Lomax (auto)

The Lomax is a British kit car based on mechanical components of the Citroën 2CV. It has been in production since 1982 when it was introduced by the Lomax Motor Co of Willoughton, Gainsborough, Lincolnshire. In the late 1980s the production was transferred to the Mumford Motor Co. of Gigg Mill, Nailsworth, Gloucestershire, where it was produced until the early 1990s. By 2009 the car was being made by Cradley Motor Works of St Leonard's-on-Sea, East Sussex. It was designed by Nigel Whall. From the early 1990s the Lomax has also been sold in the Netherlands and Germany. 
The design is slightly reminiscent of the legendary Morgan Three Wheeler of the 1930s. The car consists of a fibreglass body mounted on an un-modified Citroën 2CV or Dyane floorpan. Later a steel tube chassis was introduced.
A Lomax is usually an open roadster, which is driven completely without a roof. 
The original 1982 prototype had a bespoke four-wheel chassis which was specially constructed, and of shorter wheelbase than the donor car, a Citroen Ami8. Early "3-wheel" variants were actually four wheeled, with two rear wheels closely paired as in some Heinkel bubble cars of the 1960s, but this arrangement was soon dropped to allow the 3-wheel road-tax rates which in the UK are lower than for 4-wheel vehicles. Later versions were genuine trikes, three wheels with two wheels in front and one at the back. This was later followed by a four wheel variant using an unmodified 2CV chassis. The model designations are 223 (2 cylinders - 2 seats - 3 wheels) or 224 (2 cylinders - 2 seats - 4 wheels). A few examples used the engine from the contemporary Citroen GS or GSA. These were designated 424 (4 cylinders, 2 seats, 4 wheels).
The Lomax has usually 29-35  bhp, weighs approximately , has 2 seats and a top speed of . 
Petrol consumption is -.

</doc>
<doc id="19968781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968781" title="National Peasants' Games">
National Peasants' Games

The National Peasants' Games () are a quadrennial multi-sport event in China in which competitors from among the country's 750 million rural residents take part in sports, both conventional - including basketball, athletics, table tennis, shooting, xiangqi (Chinese chess) and t'ai chi, and traditional rural and Chinese activities, such as wushu, dragon boat racing, lion dancing, tyre pushing, food-carrying, rice planting, kite flying, jianzi (kick shuttlecock) and tug of war. All of China's 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, as well as Taiwan, are represented. Hong Kong and Macau usually send observer delegations.
The games emphasise recreation more than results, according to the official Xinhua news agency, and the event is claimed to be the world's only regular sports meeting for peasants. For the government, the games "showcase the achievements made by the Chinese people in the 30 years of the reform and opening up to the outside world," in the words of Chinese Agricultural Minister Sun Zhengcai, at the opening of the sixth event.
Early history.
The first National Peasants' Games, held in Beijing in 1988, comprised seven events, all of them conventional sports: basketball, table tennis, Chinese-style wrestling (possibly shuai jiao), athletics, cycling, shooting and football.
At the second Games, in Xiaogan in Hubei province, the alignment with 'peasant activity' began. Traditional pastimes of xiangqi (Chinese chess) and t'ai chi were added, while football was omitted and shooting was replaced by the 'militiaman triathlon' (shooting, grenade throwing and a five-kilometre cross-country race).
The 1996 Games, in Shanghai, introduced dragon dancing as an event, and attracted foreign media coverage.
At the fourth Games, in Mianyang in 2000, dragon boating, kite flying and jianzi (kick shuttlecock) were added as events.
The fifth National Peasants' Games were held in October 2004 in Yichun, in Jiangxi province, with the participation of 2,560 athletes. At the event, which dovetailed with China celebrating "the year of sports in rural areas", angling and 'rice planting' were added to the roster.
2008 Games.
The sixth games, held in Quanzhou, in eastern Fujian province, began on 26 October 2008 with around 3,500 competitors taking part in 15 sports and over 180 events. Entrance to all events was free to spectators.
The event involved the construction or renovation of 15 stadiums at a cost of nearly $1 billion, including a new 32,000-seat venue, the Haixia (Straits) Stadium, used for the opening and closing ceremonies.
A new event in 2008 was Yangko dance, a traditional folk dance popular in China's northern provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="19968785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968785" title="Zhang Haihua">
Zhang Haihua

Zhang Haihua (; born 4 July 1976) is a notable "Inner painting" artist. Over the past 10 years, he has exhibited his art works in many countries. From 1990 to present, Haihua has exhibited in Austria, Germany, Thailand, Canada, Sweden, France, Malaysia, Singapore, Korea, Switzerland, Italy, and USA. He has incorporated both Western and Eastern artistic styles, and is known for his use of bright colors, battle scenes.
He graduated from Nanjing University of Science and Technology, receiving a B.A. of Advertising from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences.
Main Works.
"100 Lions"
"108 Heros of Water Margin"
"Stories of Romance of the Three Kingdom"

</doc>
<doc id="19968787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968787" title="Glenn Cozen">
Glenn Cozen

Glenn Cozen (born 1956) is an American professional poker player from Pasadena, California, who is best known for his second-place finish in the $10,000 buy-in Main Event at the 1993 World Series of Poker.
Despite being a relatively unknown player before the tournament, Cozen managed to make the final table of the main event. He was short stacked throughout the final table but was able to outlast several top professionals at the final table, including 1990 world champion Mansour Matloubi and bracelet winner John Bonetti who had much larger chip stacks than he had. Cozen made it to heads-up play but was extremely short-stacked by this time and he was defeated by Jim Bechtel on the third hand of heads-up play. He won $420,000 for his second place finish.
Cozen has a total of three cashes in the WSOP Main Event: 2nd in 1993, 114th in 1995, and 200th in 2008.
Cozen has a total of seven cashes at the WSOP and has competed in various other poker tournaments through the years. He won the $1,000 Limit Hold'em event at Amarillo Slim's Super Bowl of Poker in 1989 in his first ever tournament cash. He also won the $1,000 Ace to Five event at the Queens Poker Classic IV in 1994. Cozen's most recent tournament win was the $2,500 Pot Limit Omaha event at the Five Diamond Poker Classic in 2004, earning $105,000. 
During his career, Cozen has cashed in more than thirty tournaments and has tournament winnings totaling over $860,000. His seven cashes as the WSOP account for $521,090 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="19968793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968793" title="Mount Tanjō">
Mount Tanjō

Outline and History.
Mount Tanjō is not the tallest mountain of Tanjō Mountains, but it is a symbol of the mountain range. In the middle of the mountain, there was a Buddhist temple Myōyō-ji which was said to be established by Donan-Gyoja, a prince of King Seong of Baekje. Today's Tanjō Shrine was is believed to be part of yhe original temple.
Mount Tanjō is also believed to have been old source of mercury, because the name Tanjō, originally means Nyu, mercury. Tanjō Shrine is a place to enshrine a goddess of mercury.

</doc>
<doc id="19968800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968800" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19968809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968809" title="Delhi High School">
Delhi High School

Delhi High School is a public high school in Delhi, California. It is located in Merced County.

</doc>
<doc id="19968829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968829" title="Barack Obama assassination plot in Tennessee">
Barack Obama assassination plot in Tennessee

The Barack Obama assassination plot in Tennessee refers to an alleged plot by Paul Schlesselman and Daniel Cowart to assassinate Barack Obama, who was then the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nominee. The two men, both of whom held strong white supremacist beliefs, spoke of killing Obama during a planned murder spree of 88 African Americans in Tennessee, many of whom were young students at an unidentified, predominantly black school.
Schlesselman and Cowart were arrested on October 22, 2008, and found to be in possession of several weapons. The men told authorities of their planned assassination and killing spree, and said they intended to rob a gun store to obtain additional weapons and commit home robberies to help fund the operation. Although the United States Secret Service said they were taking the plot seriously, authorities were unsure how capable Schlesselman and Cowart were of carrying out the alleged plot. Both plotters pleaded guilty to various federal charges; Judge J. Daniel Breen of the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee sentenced Schlesselman to 10 years imprisonment on April 15, 2010, and Cowart to 14 years in prison on October 22, 2010.
Investigation and arrests.
Paul Schlesselman, 18, of Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, and Daniel Cowart, 20, of Bells, Tennessee, allegedly plotted to assassinate Barack Obama during his 2008 presidential campaign. Both neo-Nazis, Schlesselman and Cowart were introduced to each other via the Internet in September 2008 by a mutual friend who shared their white supremacist beliefs. Within a month they began planning to kill Obama by driving their vehicle toward him as fast as they could and shooting at him from the windows. The murder was planned as the final act of violence of a killing spree in which the men planned to kill 88 African Americans by gunfire, mostly children at an unidentified, predominantly black school. They also planned to behead 14 of the 88 victims. The numbers were chosen for their special significance in the white power movement; "88" means "Heil Hitler", since H is the eighth letter in the alphabet, and 14 represents the 14-word white supremacist mantra, "We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children."
Schlesselman and Cowart chatted on the Internet about how to carry out the operation. Schlesselman suggested using a sawed-off shotgun because it would be easy to maneuver; he also said he planned to steal a gun from his father. Prior to their arrest, the men decorated their car with a Swastika and drew the numbers 88 and 14 on their hood using window chalk. Authorities believe the men may have planned to move from state to state to choose their victims. They also planned to wear white tuxedos and top hats during the assassination attempt.
On October 22, Schlesselman and Cowart shot at a glass window on the front door of the Allen Baptist Church in Brownsville, Tennessee. The two men bragged to a female friend about the shooting; the friend told her mother, who notified the Haywood County Sheriff's Department. Investigators traced the shell casings to Schlesselman and Cowart, and notified the Crockett County Sheriff's Department, who took the pair into custody after spotting the Swastikas, slurs and 88 and 14 numbers on their car.
Police seized a rifle, a sawed-off shotgun and three pistols from the men at the time of the arrest. They were detained in Bells, Tennessee for a few days before being moved to another facility. During interrogation, the men told authorities of their plan to kill Obama. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives handled the initial federal investigation of the case. The United States Secret Service became involved in the investigation once the supposed assassination plot was discovered. The Federal Bureau of Investigation was also involved in the investigation. Both men were charged with illegal possession of a sawed-off shotgun, conspiracy to rob a firearms dealer and making threats against a presidential candidate; a superseding indictment additionally charged the pair with civil rights conspiracy and conspiracy, and charged Cowart with destruction of religious property and a related firearms charge. Authorities have found no evidence that anyone besides the two men were involved in the plot, but authorities are still investigating the possibility.
Both Schlesselman and Cowart acknowledged that they would be killed as a result of the murders and insisted they were willing to die. Authorities said the pair planned to break into a gun shop to steal more weapons for their attack, and also bought nylon rope and ski masks at Walmart to use in a robbery or home invasion to fund the spree. Schlesselman and Cowart asked a friend to drive them to a house they planned to rob, but they cancelled the robbery after getting scared by a dog and two vehicles in the driveway.
Assessment of threat.
Secret Service and other authorities said they were treating the plot very seriously, but acknowledged it did not appear to have moved to an advanced stage. Authorities said there did not appear to be any formal assassination plan and said they were unable to immediately assess how capable the men were of carrying out the attack. Federal authorities told the Associated Press they did not believe Schlesselman and Cowart had the means to carry out their threat. Barack Obama did not have any campaign appearances planned for Tennessee. One federal law enforcement official told the AP that plans did not include Obama's schedule or a specific time and place for the assassination because, "I don't think they had that level of detail." Authorities said they made several mistakes during their planning, including drawing too much attention to themselves with their car markings. Authorities also felt their inability to carry out a home robbery together indicated they would be unable to carry out a sophisticated assassination plot. When asked whether the alleged threats were real, Daniel Cowart's lawyer, Joe H. Byrd, told reporters, "White top hats and tuxedos? You tell me."
Fred Fielder, police chief in Helena–West Helena, Arkansas, said the alleged plot in Tennessee particularly concerned him due to the fact that 66 percent of the city's 12,200 population are African American; he said to reporters, "Predominantly black school, take your pick." Mark Potok, director of the Southern Poverty Law Center, described the plans and weapons arsenal as frightening, but said, "With the part about wearing top hats...it gets a bit hard to take them seriously." Nevertheless, Potok said "the reality is, they might have walked into a black high school and killed 20, 30, 40 people before anybody knew who they were." An editorial in "The Daily News Journal" in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, said the plot emphasized a dark undercurrent of racism still alive in the United States, but said their chances of actually killing Obama were "almost nil. Their plot was so disorganized they appear to be candidates for 'dumb criminals,' not calculating assassins."
Despite initial concerns about the plot, the Obama campaign was not immediately notified of the alleged plot; an Obama aide told ABC News, "They were given no heads up." Concerns were already strong about possible plots against Obama due to his status as the first African American presidential nominee for a major political party. The senator had been receiving Secret Service protection since May 2007, which was the earliest for any candidate, and authorities had already foiled an alleged assassination plot at the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado.
Histories of alleged plotters.
Paul Schlesselman.
Paul Schlesselman is of German descent and was a high school dropout raised by a single father in Helena–West Helena, Arkansas. He hated his small Delta region hometown because of its predominantly black population. He had never had any problems with the law prior to the alleged Obama plot. He had a strong affinity for drinking and smoking.
Schlesselman publicly claimed white people were the master race and would often say "Sieg Heil" and "Heil Hitler." He spoke out against Obama, saying things like, "Obama would make the world suffer." His anti-racist sister Kayla, who is two years younger than Paul, often argued with him about his racial beliefs. A few days before his arrest, a neighbor said he heard semiautomatic gunfire coming from an open field behind Schlesselman's house. After his arrest, Schlesselman's family expressed doubt that he seriously intended to carry out the plot; his father, Mike, said, "I think it's just a lot of talk. He would never do something like this." Kayla said she spoke with his brother after the charges were made public, and that Paul "said he's sorry about everything he's done."
Daniel Cowart.
Daniel Cowart is of English descent and was raised in Bells, Tennessee. He had a strong interest in computers and had no criminal record. Cowart attended Jackson Christian School until 2006, but did not graduate. He applied for Jackson State Community College to study computers but, although his family believed he was indeed attending the school, he never provided documentation or pursued other steps to enroll there. Cowart moved to Texas in the spring of 2007 to live with friends he met on the Internet, but was unable to find work and returned to Bells to live with his grandparents a month later. Cowart worked at a Bells grocery store called the Bells Market Place for one year until May 2007 before moving to Texas for a brief time. Cowart worked and got along with several minority co-workers, who later expressed shock at his arrest. Mitchell Twitty, a black former co-worker, said of Cowart, "He treated me like we were best friends. I never, ever heard him make a racist remark." Twitty said Cowart tended to keep to himself and at times acted "a little strange." Other co-workers described him as hard-working and friendly, but said he did not have many friends. One family friend thought he was intelligent and full of potential: "I always saw him as a doctor or lawyer, or even a senator. He even had the potential to become what Obama is, running for president."
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Cowart belonged to the Supreme White Alliance, a white supremacist group. A photograph of Cowart celebrating the birthday of Adolf Hitler with other members was on the group's website. On the group's social networking site, Cowart described himself as "easygoing and easy to get along with, as long as you are white!" Cowart was allegedly kicked out of the group sometime prior to his arrest. The club's president, Steve Edwards of Central City, Kentucky, resigned due to the negative press following Cowart's arrest. Although Edwards acknowledged Cowart's membership, he said the group had no part in the plan, and claimed that the media exaggerated Cowart's connection to the group.
Trials.
A grand jury indicted Paul Schlesselman and Daniel Cowart on November 5, 2008, on federal charges of threatening to kill and inflict bodily harm upon a major presidential candidate, conspiracy, interstate unlawful transportation of an unregistered firearm, interstate transportation of a firearm with the intent to commit a felony, transporting a short-barreled shotgun across state lines without a license and unlawful possession of a short-barreled shotgun. Cowart was also charged with damaging religious property and use of a firearm during a crime of violence. On November 6, Schlesselman and Cowart plead not guilty before a federal magistrate in Memphis, Tennessee. The two were placed into federal custody without bail. The charges carry a maximum punishment of 50 years in prison and $540,000 in fines.
At the request of federal authorities, the men were placed on lockdown in their Obion County, Tennessee, jail cell for their own safety. The two men can leave their cell for only one hour to watch television or use the phone; authorities said they had caused no problems during their time in the jail.
Cowart's lawyer argued in a November 13 petition that the grand jury was racially stacked against him because it included only two white members, while "21 were African-American or of another race or races." Cowart's attorney argued his indictment should be dismissed because jury could not "under the most modest constitutional scrutiny...be considered fair, impartial and unprejudiced." In February 2009, a federal judge granted Schlesselman and Cowart limited access to court records on the grand jury selection and gave them permission to question procedures for selecting jurors. However, their defense attorneys were not allowed to challenge the resulting racial makeup of the actual jury. Also in February 2009, Schlesselman's lawyer asked the court to dismiss statements he previously gave police and evidence that he contended was wrongfully seized during searches of his home and another residence. Judge J. Daniel Breen of the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee refused this request in April. Schlesselman's counsel argued his assassination threat charges should be dropped because he said the alleged comments were made while in custody, so he could not have carried them out and they were not a "true threat." Judge Breen rejected that argument in March 2009.
The prosecution asked for two separate trials, which were expected to take place in Jackson, Tennessee, the area where the alleged crimes occurred.
Guilty pleas and sentencing.
Schlesselman pleaded guilty to two counts in the indictment against him plus one count of an information on January 14, 2010, with an agreed-upon sentence of ten years. Cowart pleaded guilty to eight of the nine counts in the superseding indictment on March 29, 2010. On April 15, 2010, Judge Breen sentenced Schlesselman to 10 years in federal prison. Judge Breen sentenced Cowart to 14 years in prison on October 22, 2010. The U.S. Justice Department said that Cowart could have been sentenced to a maximum 75 years, and Cowart was originally to be sentenced on August 13.
Incarceration.
Schlesselman, assigned Federal Bureau of Prisons register number 22539-076, is serving his sentence at the medium-security Federal Correctional Institution in McKean, Pennsylvania, and is scheduled for release in 2017. Cowart, assigned register number 22540-076, is serving his sentence at the medium-security Federal Correctional Institution in Williamsburg, South Carolina, and is scheduled for release in 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="19968844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968844" title="Van Voorst tot Voorst">
Van Voorst tot Voorst

Van Voorst tot Voorst is an old Dutch noble family from the Dutch province Overijssel.
History.
The first documented ancestor is Fredericus van Hekeren van der Ese (in 1295) who was an adviser to Reginald II of Guelders. The surname van Voorst entered the family in the 14th century when one of his descendants married Lutgardis van Voorst, whose ancestors owned the castle Voorst near Zwolle, Overijssel. The counts of van Rechteren are also descendants of this couple.
During the twentieth century, the family produced several high-ranking officers of the Dutch army, Commissioners of the Queen, diplomats and members of the House of Representatives and Senate. Members carry the title of baron.

</doc>
<doc id="19968877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968877" title="Stuart A. Summit">
Stuart A. Summit

Stuart A. Summit (born April 18, 1936) is an American lawyer, a former New York City official and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit whose nomination died in 1988 due to unexpected opposition by a U.S. senator from his own party.
Early life, education and professional career.
Summit earned a bachelor's degree from Ohio State University in 1957 and a law degree from Ohio State in 1959. While in law school, he was elected to the Order of the Coif.
For 12 years, Summit helped two mayors of New York City select judicial appointees, and for another nine years he had screened candidates for the New York Supreme Court as part of his work for the State Commission on Judicial Nominations.
Summit currently is a partner with the New York City law firm Phillips Nizer LLP.
Failed nomination to the Second Circuit.
On September 23, 1987, toward the end of Ronald Reagan's presidency, Reagan nominated Summit to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit to replace Irving Kaufman, who had taken senior status.
Summit's name initially had been suggested by his former law partner, Arnold I. Burns, who had been a Deputy Attorney General at the time. And although the nomination of Summit, an active Republican, had not been thought to be particularly controversial, his nomination ultimately languished.
Initially, Summit's ethics were challenged by a personal injury attorney in New York who once had faced Summit in court. Then, Burns, who had been Summit's biggest champion in the Justice Department, resigned from the Reagan administration amid a public quarrel with Attorney General Edwin Meese. Even so, Summit was unanimously approved by the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee on August 11, 1988, which should have placed his nomination on the fast track for confirmation.
However, shortly after judiciary committee approval of Summit's nomination, an unknown senator had placed an anonymous "hold" on Summit's nomination, which blocked it indefinitely. Ultimately, it became public that the "hold" had been placed by New York's Republican Sen. Alphonse D'Amato, who had actually introduced Summit to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee in April 1988. D'Amato's office never publicly explained the reason for its opposition to Summit's nomination. Summit told the Associated Press that he had made at least three telephone calls to D'Amato to find out if the report of D'Amato's opposition was true, but that the senator had never called him back. "If it is true, I'm amazed," Summit told the wire service. "I cannot imagine why." Summit also noted that D'Amato had even spoken at his confirmation hearings. "He very kindly attended the hearing in April of 1988 and spoke well of my credentials," Summit told the AP. The AP noted that the journals New York Law Journal and Manhattan Lawyer both had reported that D'Amato blocked Summit's nomination in retaliation for the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee having poorly treated two candidates whom D'Amato had recommended for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, New York Supreme Court Justices Robert Roberto, Jr., who withdrew in June 1988 after the Judiciary Committee learned that he had engaged in a sex act with a 16-year-old prostitute while investigating a massage parlor in 1971, and Howard E. Levitt.
"That a single Senator, never mind one who introduced me to the committee, could simply stop the entire process only a few days before my confirmation without having to explain himself to anyone and without the courtesy of explaining himself to me, is simply beyond my understanding," Summit told the New York Times. "It's not in my makeup to be bitter. But no matter how exciting or thrilling my life now is, I will carry a sense of sadness with me. I had visualized myself dying in that job. I'll be grieving, probably all of my life."
After winning the 1988 election, President George H.W. Bush chose not to renominate Summit, and Bush instead selected for that Second Circuit seat his cousin, John M. Walker, Jr., who was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19968880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968880" title="2008 Nord-Kivu campaign">
2008 Nord-Kivu campaign

The 2008 Nord-Kivu campaign was an armed conflict in the eastern Nord-Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The upsurge of violence in the Kivu conflict saw heavy battles between the Democratic Republic of Congo's army, supported by the United Nations, and Tutsi militia under General Laurent Nkunda.
The fighting, which began on October 25, uprooted 250,000 civilians — bringing the total of people displaced by the Kivu conflict to more than 2 million. The campaign caused widespread civil unrest, large food shortages and what the United Nations called "a humanitarian crisis of catastrophic dimensions." After a week, a ceasefire was ordered by rebel forces amongst civil and military unrest in Goma. The rebel capture of all territory around Goma created a very fragile atmosphere of peace, caused enormous political damage, and called to question the efficacy of the peacekeepers stationed there. After a short cease-fire ordered by rebel general Laurent Nkunda, fighting broke out on November 17, after which a second ceasefire was called into effect on November 19. A buffer zone between rebel and government lines, referred to as a "humanitarian aid corridor", was created on November 23 to allow the transportation of aid to isolated civilian centers. On December 9, bilateral peace talks started between delegations from the Congolese government and Nkunda's rebels. Major fighting largely subsided after Nkunda's capture in January 2009.
The continuous state of conflict affecting DR Congo since 1997 has been referred to as the deadliest since World War II, with aid agencies estimating a death rate of 1,200 to 1,400 civilians a day.
__TOC__
Background.
Nkunda's rebels had been active in Nord-Kivu, a province bordering Lake Kivu in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, since 2004, when they occupied Bukavu and allegedly committed war crimes. The aim of Nkunda's troops was to protect the Tutsi minority, which were believed to lack adequate protection against further genocidal attacks by the Hutus, who were, in turn, believed by Nkunda to have benefited from government support during the Second Congo War. Earlier, in January 2008, Nkunda's rebels had participated in peace talks; at one point they walked out, saying that other parties had attempted to arrest a member, but later returned. The talks ended with the rebels being granted immunity in exchange for withdrawing troops and allowing civilians to resettle.
Timeline.
CNDP push towards Goma.
On October 26, Nkunda's rebels seized a major military camp, along with the strategically located Virunga National Park, situated on a main road leading to the city of Goma, for use as staging points. This occurred after a peace treaty failed, with the resultant fighting displacing thousands.
On October 27, riots began around the United Nations compound in Goma. Civilians pelted the building with rocks and threw Molotov cocktails, claiming that the UN forces had done nothing to prevent the CNDP advance. The Congolese national army also carried out a "major retreat" due to pressure from the CNDP forces. Meanwhile, United Nations gunships and armoured vehicles were used in an effort to halt the advance of the CNDP, who claimed to be within of Goma. Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General Alan Doss explained the necessity of engaging the CNDP, stating that "...UN can't allow population centers to be threatened... UN had to engage." During the riots, there was at least one death due to a stampeding crowd.
On October 28, five rocket-propelled grenades were fired at a convoy of UN vehicles protecting a road to the territorial capital of Rutshuru, hitting two armoured personnel carriers. The APCs, which contained Indian Army troops, were relatively undamaged, though a Lieutenant Colonel and two other personnel were injured. CNDP forces later captured Rutshuru. Meanwhile, civilians continued to riot, at some points pelting retreating Congolese troops with rocks, though UN spokeswoman Sylvie van den Wildenberg stated that the UN has "reinforced presence" in the region.
Ceasefire.
On October 29 the CNDP declared a unilateral ceasefire as they approached Goma, though they still intended to take the city. That same day a French request for an EU reinforcement of 1,500 troops was refused by several countries and appeared unlikely to materialize; however, the UN forces in place stated they would act to prevent takeovers of population centers. Throughout the day the streets of the city were filled with refugees and fleeing troops, including their tanks and other military vehicles. There were also reports of looting and commandeering of cars by Congolese troops. That night the UN Security Council unanimously adopted a non-binding resolution which condemned the recent CNDP advance and demanded it be halted. According to analysts, the ceasefire was called to preserve Nkunda's reputation, as was his later order of creating an aid corridor.
Despite the ceasefire, the situation remained volatile; according to World Vision spokesman Michael Arunga, World Vision workers had to flee to the Rwandan border in order to survive, and shots were still being fired. The United States Department of State reported sending Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer as an envoy to the region.
On October 30 looting and violence by Congolese soldiers, some of them drunk, continued in Goma, though contingents of other troops and paramilitary police attempted to contain the looting by patrolling the streets in pick-up trucks. One soldier was even accused of killing a family of six, and would be court-martialed along with 11 troops who participated. Another 11 were sentenced to life in prison. Nkunda called for direct talks with the Congolese government, also stating that he would take Goma "if there is no ceasefire, no security and no advance in the peace process."
Diplomatic and humanitarian effort.
On October 31 Nkunda declared that he would create a "humanitarian aid corridor", a no-fire zone where displaced persons would be allowed back to their homes, given the consent of the United Nations task force in the Congo. Working with the UN forces around Goma, Nkunda hoped to relocate victims of the recent fighting between his CNDP forces and UN peacekeepers (MONUC). MONUC spokesman Kevin Kennedy stated that MONUC's forces were stretched thin trying to keep peace within and around the city; recent looting by Congolese soldiers had made it harder to do so as incidents arose both within city limits and outside. According to Anneke Van Woudenberg, a Human Rights Watch researcher, more than 20 people were killed overnight in Goma alone. Meanwhile, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice contacted Rwandan President Paul Kagame to discuss a long-term solution.
Also on October 31, British Foreign Minister David Miliband and French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner flew to the region, with the intention of stopping in Kinshasa, Goma, and possibly Kigali. Miliband said that the United Kingdom was providing £42 million in humanitarian aid to the area.
On November 17 Nkunda met with UN special envoy and former President of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo to discuss the ceasefire amongst reports of scattered fighting in the Congo. While he backed the ceasefire, rebel troops were still reported to be active, and would later capture a village by force.
Battle for Kiwanja.
On November 5, fighting erupted for the control of the town of Kiwanja, 45 miles north of Goma. The main opponents of the rebels during the battle were Mai-Mai and Hutu Rwandan militias, who were aligned with the government. During the fighting, Congo's army was firing mortars toward rebel positions from behind militia lines. On November 6, in the nearby village of Mabenga, a Belgian journalist working for a German newspaper was kidnapped by the Mai-Mai along with his assistant and three rebel fighters. Also, Congolese journalist Alfred Nzonzo Bitwahiki Munyamariza was reported to have been shot and killed in Rutshuru during a stampede that followed the attack on Kiwanja. However, it was later confirmed that he, along with his family, escaped after rebels destroyed his house with a rocket. The battle had ended by the end of the second day of fighting, with rebel forces wresting control of Kiwanja from the Mai-Mai.
When the civilian population started to return to the town on November 7, they reported finding more than a dozen bodies in the town. The villagers said rebels had killed unarmed civilians suspected of supporting the Mai-Mai, but the rebels said the dead were militia fighters who had been armed. A U.N. official said there were two rounds of executions in the town. First the Mai-Mai arrived and killed those they accused of supporting the rebels, then the rebels stormed in, killing men they charged were loyal to the Mai-Mai. Human Rights Watch said at least 20 people were killed and another 33 wounded during the battle for the town. Rebel Capt. John Imani said about 60 people had been killed in the fighting, mostly Mai-Mai.
The Human Rights Watch would later find that "at least" 150 had been "summarily executed" by both sides at Kiwanja. HRW also criticized MONUC peacekeeping forces, who had been only away at the time.
Fighting resumes.
Despite the pledges of peace by rebel leader Nkunda, fighting broke out on November 17, leading to the capture of Rwindi by rebel forces, which advanced throughout the region. Meanwhile, speculation of war crimes increased with UN reports of the death of 26 non-combatants in the village of Kiwanja, who were said to have been killed by rebels for working with government troops. The killings at Kiwanja were later confirmed at 150 or more deaths by the Human Rights Watch. Amongst brutalities was a roadblock formed of two dead Congolese army soldiers, serving as a warning to approaching forces. Recent fighting brought the death toll to approximately 100 civilians, with 200 wounded.
Fall of Rwindi.
On November 17, after a few days of heavy artillery and mortar fire exchanges between the rebels and the military, the rebels took control of Rwindi, the headquarters of Virunga National Park. Soldiers were reported to be in full retreat and disarray while the rebels marched into the town and continued further north toward Kanyabayonga in a single-file organised column. During the bombardments, prior to the fall of the town, an Indian peacekeeper was wounded in the head by shrapnel while taking shelter in a trench.
Army clashes with the Mai-Mai.
On November 18, rebel forces stopped their advance on Kanyabayonga and withdrew, as to create a buffer zone between them and government forces and give a chance for peace talks. Following the halt in fighting between the rebels and the Army, government soldiers started looting the towns of Kirumba and Kayna, but were attacked by the local Mai-Mai group Pareco. The Mai-Mai had been helping the government forces since the start of the conflict in their fight against the rebels. The fighting left five Mai-Mai militiamen and one government soldier dead. The Army said the conflict was the fault of the Mai-Mai, who were attempting to hamper a routine deployment. Following the fighting government soldiers laid out two charred bodies of militiamen on a dirt track in Kirumba.
On November 19, Mai-Mai militia fighters calling themselves Resistance Congolese Patriots fired on APCs carrying UN peacekeepers. The militia fighters had asked for food and money, but engaged the international force after being denied. At least one of the approximately five fighters was killed, though more were reported to be in the forest. According to Lieutenant Colonel Jean-Paul Dietrich, "It was a rather small incident, but it disturbing because [it was the second time in a week", referring to the November 18 incident.
The Mai-Mai had been supporting government forces, but began fighting against them with machine guns and RPGs when the government started to retreat, stating that they were "retreating too easily". General Sikuli Lafontaine said that the soldiers "...are cowards. They just flee and then rape and pillage in the cities."
Rebel withdrawal and the recapture of Rwindi.
On November 18, Nkunda ordered rebel troops to pull back from the town of Kabasha, citing the need to avoid clashes, get humanitarian aid to the region and create "separation zones" between the government and rebel forces, which would be patrolled by UN peacekeepers; this was amongst the sacking of General Dieudonne Kayembe, armed forces chief of the Congolese army, after a chain of defeats. His replacement was cited as a bid to bolster military strength. According to MONUC commanders the town had been captured on Sunday, though they could not confirm whether withdrawal had begun. Meanwhile, the French Foreign Ministry circulated a draft asking the UN to reinforce the MONUC garrison in the Congo by 3,000. This move was stated as a possible measure of stability, but not one of peace. UN spokesman Alan Doss said that "Reinforcements are not going to resolve all the problems... Reinforcements will allow us to do something about the situation, which has deteriorated fast, help us to stabilize the situation a bit, and allow the political and diplomatic process to go forward." While the United Nations Security Council voted on Wednesday, Doss acknowledged that it could take months to get reinforcements in, but wanted to speed the process. Doss also stated that he believed the humanitarian effort was improving.
On November 19, hundreds of rebel fighters retreated from the front lines to encourage peace talks. Monitored by UN aerial and ground patrols, the troops were confirmed to be retreating "from Kanyabayonga toward Kibirizi, from Kanyabayonga toward Nyanzale and from Rwindi south", according to Lieutenant Colonel Jean-Paul Dietrich. Witnesses stated that the rebels had moved south from Kanyabayonga. The retreat was ordered by leader Nkunda, who arranged it after speaking with former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo, where they agreed on another cease-fire. The rebels still held strategic positions near places such as the town of Kibati, facing off with "demoralized" government troops.
On November 20, dozens of Mai-Mai fighters entered Rwindi, which the rebels had abandoned a few days earlier. The Mai-Mai also attacked rebel forces at the villages of Katoro and Nyongera, in an attempt to advance toward Kiwanja. The rebels stopped them and reported that government and Rwandan Hutu forces from the FDLR were also involved in the fighting.
UN reinforcements.
On November 18, a draft resolution spearheaded by the French Foreign Ministry was presented before the United Nations Security Council. The resolution, signed by 44 different organizations and with the backing of the British Foreign Office minister Mark Malloch Brown, asked the UN to send 3,000 more peacekeepers to reinforce the 17,000-strong garrison in the Congo, which is the largest garrison of its kind. This was similar to the pleas of the Human Rights Watch and humanitarian aid groups in the region, who were also asking for reinforcements to bring stability to the area. In a shared statement, the coalition of organizations stated that "reinforcements would help to prevent the atrocities that continue to be committed against civilians on an ever greater scale here in North Kivu , on the border of Rwanda and Uganda... Since August 28, fighting has intensified in many areas, causing deaths, rapes, lootings, forced recruitment and further displacements of civilian populations. The population has thus been immersed in unspeakable suffering. In the last few days, fighting has drawn closer to large populated areas, such as the town of Goma. Fighting has also invaded and torn apart the region of Rutshuru, particularly in the town of Kiwanja, where hundreds of civilian deaths have now been recorded." Local groups in the Congo also requested help from the European Union, as they would be able to deploy soldiers sooner, working as a "bridging force" until the UN reinforcements arrived. British EU spokeswoman Catriona Little stated that they were "not ruling in or out EU forces".
On November 20 the UN voted unanimously to send 3,085 more peacekeepers, citing "extreme concern at the deteriorating humanitarian situation and in particular the targeted attacks against civilian population, sexual violence, recruitment of child soldiers and summary executions." However, it did not extend MONUC's mandate in the Congo, which expires at the end of 2008. The decision was made despite the rebel commitment to pulling back from the front lines and allowing aid to reach the thousands of people still isolated, according to aid groups.
Tension between MONUC and DR Congo troops, opening of humanitarian aid corridor.
On November 23, government soldiers intercepted a UN convoy 2 kilometers north of Goma which was carrying 25 suspected Mai-Mai militants, unbeknownst to the government, and removed them, relocating them to Goma on the grounds of suspecting them to be rebel soldiers. The UN, which was transporting the militiamen as an "ongoing disarmament and rehabilitation process", refused to give the militants to the government troops, but eventually let them go; some witness reports stated that the government's troops forcibly removed the militiamen from the UN vehicles while an onlooking crowd insulted and threw stones at the peacekeepers.
While rebel troops did abide by the temporary ceasefire, Nkunda spoke to a crowd of 1,500 in a stadium in the rebel-held town of Rutshuru to tell them to reject the recent deployment of 3,000 more peacekeepers. He stated, "They are sending another 3,000 Blue Helmets and you are applauding. You are mistaken! We will not accept outsiders coming in to provide security for us here. Either you help us in the revolution or you keep quiet with MONUC. But if you wait for MONUC to bring you peace, you can wait forever."
Meanwhile, aid convoys were able to distribute medicinal supplies throughout the "humanitarian aid corridor", created by the rebel withdrawal. The corridor, patrolled by MONUC troops, allowed aid groups such as Merlin to access Kanyabayonga and Kirumba, which had gone for 10 days without supplies and were nearly depleted. While not nominal, the situation was referred to as "much better." "We're really pleased that we've gotten here", stated spokeswoman Louise Orton.
Merge proposal between rebels and government forces.
On November 24, Nkunda expressed a desire to merge his rebel troops with the government's forces, reuniting the two. According to negotiator Olusegun Obasanjo talks were progressing. Obasanjo stated that Nkunda had made "demands that I do not consider outrageous and demands that the government of Congo can meet." Ideally, the talks would protect the Congo's ethnic minorities (such as the Tutsis and Hutus) and quell negotiation. The talks were slated to be held on November 28.
However, even with peace talks progressing, World Vision stated that rape incidents had risen sharply, with 120 17-and-under girls interviewed having been raped. The threat of children being used as soldiers had also increased, with World Vision advocacy director Sue Mbaya claiming that "A silent war has been waged against women and children."
On November 26, rebel forces engaged Mai-Mai militia near the towns of Kinyando and Kwwenda despite the ceasefire, sending civilians "fleeing along highways". The UN condemned this breach of the ceasefire while calling on the Congolese government to discipline government troops, who were caught looting the village of Bulotwa. Meanwhile, a crowd of 100,000 displaced persons gathered in the rebel-held town of Rutshuru, where the United Nations were distributing supplies and medicine, intended to help combat cholera, which was reported to be affecting hundreds of people, having spread through unsanitary refugee camps.
On November 29, Nkunda stated that unless the Congolese government entered into direct talks he would re-initiate the conflict. After meeting with UN special envoy Olusegun Obasanjo Nkunda stated that, "If there is no negotiation, let us say then there is war. I think the good way is negotiation. I know Congolese government army have no capacity to fight so they have only one choice, negotiation." Obasanjo affirmed that the "course of peace been advanced", with the Congolese government agreeing to talks but not where to hold them.
Government-belligerent talks.
On December 8, the Congolese government sent representatives to Nairobi to negotiate with a potential collection of 20 armed groups, who had been invited to foster peace talks in hopes of ending the conflict and settling issues in what was praised as a brave "first step" towards peace. According to Congolese information minister Lambert Mende, "We want this to be an inclusive process. We don't want to leave anyone out." However, the main rebel group, Laurent Nkunda's CNDP rebels, declined to attend, as did Congolese President Joseph Kabila, as both were after bilateral talks. CNDP spokesman Bertrand Bisimwa stated that this was because the group had not been informed about the decision to invite other groups, including government-aligned militias; he affirmed the rebel decision to have one-on-one talks with the government, stating, "Our position is very clear. We will negotiate with the government and no one else. The government can negotiate with whomever it wants. But any attempt to impose Amani (previous peace talks) on us will fail."
Tensions later heightened as Nkunda's rebels announced that they would walk out on the talks if other groups were included, while pro-government Mai-Mai rebels stated they would pull out of negotiations if the CDNP got their own separate talks that were not under the banner of earlier "Amani" peace talks from January 2008 which aimed to unite all of the armed groups in the Congo in peace talks. "To proceed in this way is to incite us to quit the Amani programme, the government should not forget this", claimed Mai-Mai leaders. "We are not a negligible group, we have arms... We want the CNDP to rejoin Amani. It seems that by quitting Amani, they have become more important than the other groups. We don't understand the decision by the government to go and negotiate with the CNDP... We are disappointed, it's a flagrant violation of Amani's terms." CNDP spokesman Bertrand Bisimwa stated that the rebels "are going to Nairobi to discuss only with the government outside of the Amani programme... If the government insists on staying in Amani, we'll pack our bags." CNDP representatives, led by deputy executive secretary Serge Kambasu Ngeve, had arrived in the Kenyan capital city of Nairobi believing that they would be participating in bilateral discussions with the Congolese government alone. The government representatives, led by Congolese Minister for International and Regional Cooperation Raymond Tshibanda, did not express concern, with Information Minister Lambert Mende claiming that if the CNDP wanted to walk out "that's their problem not ours. It's their problem if they don't want peace. They'll be held accountable for their acts." Meanwhile, Alan Le Roy, Under-Secretary General for Peacekeeping Operations, pressed for more action to be taken to intervene in the situation.
On December 9 at 1230 (GMT) bilateral talks between the CNDP and Kinshasa government opened at the United Nations headquarters in the Kenyan capital city of Nairobi, mediated by UN envoy Olusegun Obasanjo; the respective leaders of the two groups, Laurent Nkunda and President Joseph Kabila, did not participate. Kenyan Foreign Minister Moses Wetangula issued a statement to the delegations telling them to "put aside your differences and realise that you have only one Congo, and that the international community is here with you to encourage and assist you. Please don't let Africa and your country down." The talks, chaired by President Mwai Kibaki and attended by former President of Tanzania Benjamin Mkapa, who represented the African Union, were referred to as "an opportunity that should neither be lost nor wasted" by Obasanjo, who stated that "A military solution is not an option. We appeal to your principles to make this dialogue a success." Obasanjo went on to declare that the talks should accomplish a permanent cease-fire in eastern Congo, continued reinforcement of a corridor for humanitarian assistance in the region, and a lasting peace in Congo; he also praised the delegations for their efforts. Wetangula added, "The pictures and clips we have been seeing on international TV screens remains a terrible indictment to all of us Africans, you Congolese in particular. I want you to be awake to the fact that the children, the women, the boys and girls that we see on TV every day may be your sons and daughters, may be your brothers and sisters, may be your parents. And it is for those that you are here to talk peace." Rebel spokesman Rene Abandi declared the rebels' intent to "talk quickly and go back home as quickly as possible, even though there are many issues to solve."
Meanwhile, the Chinese embassy in Kinshasa, Congo, offered to help mediate the talks, having sent envoy Guojin Liu to the region the previous day to discuss a peace deal, according to ambassador Wu Zexian.
At a meeting in Brussels, Belgium on December 9, European Union ministers remained divided over the issue of sending a "bridging force" of EU troops to stabilize the region until UN reinforcements could be deployed. Belgium expressed a desire to support UN troops deployed in the region. Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon had repeatedly expressed a desire earlier on to provide forces to fill the gap between UN reinforcements; the EU placed Foreign Policy chief Javier Solana and the European commission in charge of preparing a response. Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs Franco Frattini said that while he it was too early to decide whether or not Italy could donate troops to an EU battle group Italy would be glad to discuss the option if called upon. He stated, "One point is very clear, Europe should be effective. We cannot stay as inactive as we are now." Solana declared that the EU would review the calls for reinforcements, but "that the situation on the ground is getting slightly better, and politically also." Aid groups criticized the indecision, with Oxfam Head of Office in Brussels Elise Ford reprieving the EU and claiming that "We have had a month of every possible excuse as to why Europe will not send forces to bolster U.N. peacekeepers. Without an adequate professional force supporting U.N. peacekeepers to provide a measure of security for the population, the killing, raping and looting will continue unabated. We cannot stand by and watch."
On December 10, after CNDP and Congolese government representatives had met, UN envoy Olusegun Obasanjo stated that "sides have made progress in their talks" and that they would have future, substantive discussions, though no date or location was decided. The invitation to the other 20 rebel groups was still standing, according to Obasanjo, though none had shown up, allowing for bilateral talks, which were the only thing the CNDP would accept.
On December 11 talks were encountering "serious difficulties" according to Obasanjo, who said that the rebels' lack of authority was the cause. "Either they give the people they have sent here the delegation, the power to make decisions or they send people who they will give such power to", Obasanjo stated, referring to how the rebels' inability to make concrete decisions was stalling the talks. He also accused them of "trying to broaden the negotiations to cover the whole of the DRC". The delegation of the Congolese government was referred to as "more flexible" and "empowered to take decision", saying that "we have seen them taking decisions on the ground."
At the same time, allegations had surfaced that both the Congolese and Rwandan governments were fighting a proxy war by funding respectively-sided rebel groups, which included supporting the recruitment of child soldiers, a war crime. The United Nations Security Council agreed with this on December 12. However, Rwandan Foreign Minister Rosemary Museminali denied this, saying that "We are not supporting CNDP. We are not sending forces, we are not sending arms", while Nkunda stated that rebels "would already be in Kinshasa" if they had Rwanda's support. In response to these allegations the Netherlands suspended their financial support for the Rwandan government, canceling a roughly USD $4 million transfer by the end of 2008 and another $5.32 million in 2009. Dutch Minister of Development Cooperation Bert Koenders stated this was due to the "strong evidence" produced tying Rwanda to Congolese militants. However, the Dutch government would continue humanitarian aid support for Rwandan civilians.
The European Union sent Development and Aid Commissioner Louis Michel as a diplomatic envoy in the region to ask rebel leader Nkunda to ask his delegation to be 'flexible' during the peace talks due to Obasanjo's complaint of the rebel delegation being uncooperative. Michel declared that he had "urged some flexible proposals with Nkunda"; however, Nkunda reaffirmed that he still wanted direct talks with the Congolese president, saying that DR Congo's problems extended beyond its borders. "The problems we are dealing with are national problems so they have to be addressed nationally and not as problems of one part of the country", he said. Nkunda also contested the president's election, saying that "Legitimacy is not elections and elections are not a blank cheque for a government to do whatever it wants." Michel contested this, saying that "President Kabila is legitimately elected ... Those who want to contest that legitimacy have to wait until the next elections."
On December 12, peace talks which had stalled earlier on were said to be progressing smoothly, with Obasanjo stating that "... delegations engaged in both direct and proximity talks in an atmosphere of goodwill". According to a high-level delegation that met with rebel general Laurent Nkunda to discuss topics raised by negotiations, rebel command response was "positive". Due to Kenyan Jamhuri (Independence) Day celebrations the mediators, after consulting with both parties, decided to adjourn the talks and resume on the 17th of that month. A statement released by Obasanjo stated that he was "pleased to note that delegations are making steady progress towards agreement on the ground rules for substantive discussions." The statement also covered the postponement due to the Kenyan national holiday; "In reverence for Kenya's Jamhuri Day celebrations on 12 December, the Mediators, in consultation with the parties, have decided to adjourn and resume the direct talks on 17 December 2008."
In the meantime, the Human Rights Watch reported that 150 people had been killed in a crossfire between Nkunda's rebels and Mai-Mai militia on November 5. The killings, described as a "summary execution", took place half of a mile (roughly 0.8 kilometers) away from a MONUC peacekeeping force, leading to criticism of the peacekeepers for not keeping guard over the area. "Due to the importance of these two towns as centers for humanitarian assistance, MONUC considered them a priority protection zone, yet the peacekeepers did not protect the towns from a rebel takeover or halt the destruction of displacement camps. Nor did they stop the mass killing of civilians in Kiwanja where they had an important field base", said the group. Earlier death estimates were around 20, and had been explained by spokesman Alan Le Roy as a consequence of the lack of peacekeeping troops to cover the whole area, with 10 peacekeepers for every 10,000 civilians. Later at 0100 local time a shootout between government and rebel troops took place in displaced-persons camp Kibati, killing a five-year-old girl and severely injuring another 7-year-old one. According to UN spokesman Ron Redmond "It does not appear they were targeted." Earlier on December 11 a woman had been raped by armed men outside of the same camp. Said a UN statement, "We remain extremely concerned for the safety of the displaced Congolese population in Kibati as the civilian character of these two UNHCR-run camps north of Goma is continually violated." The UN has been working to relocate people sheltering in the troubled camp, according to the organization.
CNDP internal conflict and split.
On 6 January 2009 former CNDP militant Jean-Bosco Ntaganda and other officers of the rebel faction claimed that they had stripped Nkunda of his power, replacing him with Ntaganda as general. However, the CNDP's second-in-command, Colonel Makinga Sultani, immediately denied that this had occurred, with another spokesperson assuring that "the group is intact and its various organs are fully operational". However, the day after saw the CNDP decided on the consequences for Bosco Ntaganda, according to sources. Meanwhile, the rebels questioned the UN peacekeeping force's true intentions, with spokesman Bertrand Bisimwa asking, "What is this game being played by the Monuc? More precisely, what mischief are they up to?" He accused the group of sowing confusion in the Congolese governmental army-controlled demilitarized zones east of Kibati. MONUC had previously issued a statement in their defense on January 2, saying that, "Contrary to the accusations of the CNDP (…), the Monuc is doing its level best to protect civilian lives, to strengthen the legitimate institutions of the Democratic republic of Congo and to encourage national reconciliation." The rebels stated that they required verification of peacekeeping in the conflict zone to proceed with peace talks.
On 17 January rebels led by former CNDP militant Jean-Bosco Ntaganda, a war criminal already indicted by the International Criminal Court, formally declared separation from Nkunda's group and agreed to join the Congolese government's army in an effort to increase pressure on the rebel general to declare a lasting ceasefire. The dissidents announced the creation of the splinter group at a meeting in Goma attended by nine of the CNDP's leading commanders. Also, the meeting was attended by the Rwandan Chief of staff, significant in the fact that Rwanda had often been accused of using the CNDP as a proxy in the Congo. Nkunda was not present. Sources said that the splintering did not affect conflict in the country, as sporadic firefights continued.
On January 21 MONUC and the Congolese government ran into disagreement again on the topic of the joint operation, coordinated by the Congolese army and Rwandan Defence Forces, that involved action against Rwandan FLDR rebels operating in the South Kivu province of the Congo. The Congolese and Rwandan forces barred press reporters and MONUC from interfering. As for Ntaganda's involvement, MONUC had no objection, which surprised some sources, given the ICC's ties to the UN.
However, MONUC took a negative stance on Ntaganda's involvement. On May 12, the organization's peacekeepers first stated that they would not work with the nation's army if Ntaganda, the army's recently appointed deputy coordinator, was a part of it; later, they would revise their claim and announce that they would not work on any operation involving the former war criminal. This negative sentiment was finally scaled down to the point where MONUC stated that they would not "sit down and take a photo with Bosco Ntaganda."
Capture of Nkunda.
Nkunda was arrested on 22 January 2009 after he had crossed into Rwanda. After unsuccessfully attempting to defeat the CNDP militarily, Congolese president Kabila made a deal with President Kagame of Rwanda to allow Rwandan soldiers into the DRC to uproot FDLR militants in exchange for Rwanda removing Nkunda. A military spokesperson said he had been seized after sending three battalions to repel an advance by a joint Congolese-Rwandan force. The force was part of a joint Congolese-Rwandan operation which was launched to hunt Rwandan Hutu militiamen operating in DR Congo. Nkunda is currently being held at an undisclosed location in Rwanda.
Cease-fire.
On March 23, 2009, the CNDP signed a peace treaty with the government, in which it agreed to become a political party in exchange for the release of its imprisoned members.
Joint Congolese-Rwandan operation against FDLR.
Over the weekend of 9/10 May 2009 FDLR rebels were blamed for attacks on the villages of Ekingi and Busurungi in Congo's eastern South Kivu province. More than 90 people were killed at Ekingi, including 60 civilians and 30 government troops, and "dozens more" were said to be killed at Busurungi. The FDLR were blamed by the United Nations' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs; the UN's peacekeeping force, MONUC, and the Congolese Army are investigating the attacks. The FDLR had attacked several other villages in the preceding weeks and clashes occurred between FDLR forces and the Congolese Army, during which government forces are reported to have lost men killed and wounded. The most recent attacks have forced a significant number of people from their homes in Busurungi to Hombo, north.
Another offensive against the FDLR rebel group by Congo and Rwanda, this time with the UN's backing, was announced in early May. This drew derision from aid agencies such as Oxfam. Oxfam's DR Congo head Marcel Stoessel stated that, "Four months ago an offensive against the FDLR set in train a spiral of violence against civilians which has forced 250,000 to flee their homes and caused untold death and suffering that continues to this day", adding, "the UN needs to be aware of the full implications of continuing to support military action in the present circumstances." 
The joint-operation is part of an ongoing UN-backed rapprochement between the Congolese government and Rwanda. According to news media, improved relations between the two countries would enable MONUC, the region's peacekeeping force, to leave. Also, Rwandan President Paul Kagame stated that, "I do not understand Nkunda to be the cause of the problem... The problem is much bigger than one individual." Rwanda had been reluctant to release Nkunda, who it had arrested in January, to the Congolese government, where Nkunda would face the death penalty.
Efficiency of humanitarian and peacekeeping efforts.
Peacekeeping.
The 17,000-strong MONUC peacekeeping force was regarded as failing to protect civilians and halt the progress of the rebels, who captured multiple U.N. field bases. MONUC's head, Alan Doss, stated that the U.N. troops were "certainly stretched... there's only so much we can do." The European Union was in the midst of talks related to sending reinforcements. Despite the presence of UN peacekeepers approximately 250,000 people were displaced by the conflict, bringing the total displaced person count to 2 million. The forces were also stated to be ineffective in keeping civilians safe from the rebel and government forces. This was hoped to be improved by deploying reinforcements consisting of 3,000 peacekeepers.
The government's forces were criticized as well, with UN forces being stated to be protecting civilians from both rebels and Congolese troops. The soldiers were stated to be raping, looting, and were poorly fed, trained, paid and medicated; 11 soldiers were sentenced to life in prison for raping and looting while retreating from rebel forces. Another 12 faced court martial, with one allegedly having killed a family of 6 in Goma. They also were said to distrust armed forces commander, General Gabriel Amisi, due to his alliance with Nkunda during a 1998–2003 conflict.
On December 7, UN officials claimed that the $7.1 billion budget (USD) for peacekeeping troops was insufficient even before planned reinforcements of MONUC could be fulfilled; even the troop and equipment requirements may not be met, as Western countries declined support, citing the conflict not as "strategically vital" as those in Iraq and Afghanistan. International Crisis Group vice-president Fabienne Hara stated that, "Contributions of U.N. members states will probably not grow at the very least, if not diminish... missions may not be funded properly due to a crisis in terms of resources." An anonymous UN official claimed that the Security Council could "drop the ball, move on to another issue and we're the ones at fault. We've seen before that is a recipe for failure." Reuters reported that a senior Western Security Council diplomat claimed that, while criticism was not invalid, other countries with reserves of troops should aid failing peacekeeping missions. The official stated that "We're not the only ones who can do this. Where are the Russians, the Ukrainians? Where are the developing countries who want to have seats on the Security Council? Where is Brazil? It doesn't always have to be us." The lack of peacekeeping resources was cited as counterproductive by political analyst Max Bergmann of the National Security Network. "UN forces ... do fail, but this is often the result of either too few troops or too little money. Our reliance on the United Nations to address trouble spots and to prevent them from worsening has only increased. Shorting the U.N. on peacekeeping funding is therefore akin to shooting ourselves in the foot." European Union nations declined to intervene.
The UN's foremost peacekeeping official, Under-Secretary General for Peacekeeping Operations Alan Le Roy, claimed that a "humanitarian tragedy" was unfolding in the Congo. Despite the organization's largest peacekeeping force being situated there, he claimed that "compared to the enormity of the tasks it is assigned and the vast expanse of the DRC – roughly the size of the United States east of the Mississippi and virtually without infrastructure – this number is actually rather small. Civilians have suffered from intense and often chaotic fighting, driven from their homes, caught in the crossfire and subjected to direct attacks and reprisals by armed groups and undisciplined elements of the national army. MONUC forces cannot serve as a substitute for the Congolese army to fight a war or impose peace; peacekeepers are not an expeditionary or counterinsurgency force. With so much at stake, the international community simply cannot afford to let the Congo slide into the abyss, the time to act is, and indeed must be, now." Le Roy reaffirmed that more action should be taken until agreements could be reached by the opposing sides. At a conference on December 9 EU ministers remained divided on the issue of sending a "bridging force", citing the stabilizing situation.
On December 11, the Human Rights Watch found that 150 or more Congolese civilians had died at the hands of Congolese rebels in the town of Kiwanja. Earlier estimates had placed the death toll at 30. Mai-Mai militia, aligned with the government, had also "deliberately killed people". MONUC peacekeepers, who had been away at the time but had not been protecting it, were criticized for not supervising the town, which was one of several that had been taken over by rebel forces (another prominent one being the territorial capital of Rutshuru). The report stated that "Due to the importance of these two towns as centers for humanitarian assistance, MONUC considered them a priority protection zone, yet the peacekeepers did not protect the towns from a rebel takeover or halt the destruction of displacement camps. Nor did they stop the mass killing of civilians in Kiwanja where they had an important field base." HRW alleged that "following the Kiwanja killings, CNDP and Mai-Mai combatants continue to kill, rape, forcibly recruit children, and otherwise mistreat civilians in and around Kiwanja, the neighbouring town of Rutshuru, and in areas further north." Also, it reported another "18 deliberate killings in November and December perpetrated by the CNDP, the Mai-Mai and their allies", and received reports of "another 25 deaths, although ongoing insecurity has made it impossible to verify all such information."
On December 12, EU ministers remained divided on the issue of sending reinforcements; current president and French president Nicolas Sarkozy questioned the request, saying that it would be a better decision to draw troops from neighbouring countries instead of the distant EU. He declared, "It is not that from Europe we don't wish to participate, but ... isn't it better to draw on regional forces first of all, who are all pretty well ready to go?" Sarkozy cited the example of Angola, a regional power, who had earlier declared that they would support the Congolese government, and who the UN had alleged were already involved. Sarkozy also questioned the decision to reinforce MONUC peacekeepers, asking whether the extra 3,000 soldiers requested would be able to stop the conflict, saying "There are 17,000 UN soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is the biggest ever operation and only 800 are doing a useful job. Why send another 3,000?" High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy Javier Solana will meet with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on December 15 at the United Nations Headquarters to discuss the issue further. Sweden, Spain and Belgium were the only members of the 27-member committee to support the motion. Solana will also bring humanitarian, political and military proposals in front of the EU ministers to help bring peace and stability to the region. Solana's previous proposals included a separate EU military force, European troops in the region, and require troops to make roads and airports safe.
Refugee camps.
The humanitarian effort was reported to be far underfunded, as thousands of refugees returned to rebel-held territory rather than stayed in the U.N.-governed camps. This was reported to be due to the lack of food, water and hygiene facilities.
The UN-operated World Food Program began delivering hundreds of tons of food to the Congo on November 14, along with medical supplies and water purification kits. Congo Red Cross Secretary-General Jacques Katshitshi reported the situation as extremely impoverished, with "Displaced people in extremely difficult conditions" and "a lack of food and water, and [terrible hygiene conditions." He stated that cases of malnutrition had been reported even within UN refugee camps. The rations were said to cover approximately 50,000 people, providing them with one-month rations consisting of maize meal, peas, cooking oil and salt. The main obstacle to getting food to displaced persons was stated to be the upheaval in the region.
On November 20, the safety of internal refugee camps was called into question when gunmen, allegiance unknown, entered the Kibati camp, raped a girl, shot a 20-year-old woman to death, and looted nearby dwellings. The UN's High Commissioner for Refugees spokesman, Andrej Mahecic, said that the Congo situation was "extremely volatile", and did not know who the gunmen were working for, stating that "...we have seen both sides doing this." The High Commissioner for Refugees has repeatedly expressed concern over the safety of the 67,000 internally displaced persons in Kibati camps. According to Mahecic, "the fact that the camps are so close to the front lines is a huge cause of concern for us." This incident "adds more to the pressure to move these people as soon as possible."
As of December 10, Red Cross efforts had resulted in the reuniting of 15 families in the Congo, most who had separated from children in the confusion. Four radio stations were tasked with broadcasting the information of missing children, while Red Cross members posted pictures of lost children in displaced-person centers. The registered number of lost children was at 134, but according to the organization the number could be much higher.
On December 12, at 0100 local time, a firefight between government and rebel troops raged in the displaced-persons camp near Kibati. A five-year-old girl was killed in the crossfire, while a 7-year-old girl was severely injured. UN spokesman Ron Redmond stated that "It does not appear they were targeted." A woman had been raped by armed men outside of the same camp the previous day. The UN released a statement, saying that "We remain extremely concerned for the safety of the displaced Congolese population in Kibati as the civilian character of these two UNHCR-run camps north of Goma is continually violated." MONUC peacekeepers were said to be working on relocating internal refugees at the camp, according to the organization.
Wildlife.
Animals have also felt the impact, with 200 of the world's 700 Mountain gorillas living in a rebel-held park. A spokeswoman for the Virunga National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, stated that the gorillas were "threatened" due to the gorillas' tendencies not to avoid gunfire or loud sounds, putting the nearly extinct animals at risk. Also, the inability of park rangers to get to the gorillas due to the rebel occupation was cited as dangerous, as the gorillas could not receive aid. On November 25, park rangers were allowed back into the park due to terms of the peace treaty, and plan to spend a month surveying the gorillas to assess their condition.
Humanitarian aid corridor.
On November 23, aid efforts improved as the planned humanitarian aid corridor opened and convoys were allowed access to several previously isolated cities to begin distributing supplies. Meanwhile, vendors in a local market in Goma were arrested for trying to sell UN food supplies compromising about 1% of the UN stockpile. World Food Program spokeswoman Caroline Hutford stated that this was an expected outcome.
Regional effects.
Nkunda's motivations for the conflict were stated as a desire to protect Tutsi people from persecution by Hutus, some of whom had participated in killing Tutsis in the 1994 Rwandan genocide and had fled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo to be supported by the government. Nkunda's aspirations included fragmenting the Congo into ethnically-divided states. As of November 4, 2008, tensions remained high as commentators speculated about the involvement of Rwanda, who is said to be affiliated to Nkunda by Congolese officials. Unofficial reports by civilians stated the presence of uniformed Rwandan soldiers fighting alongside rebel forces, though Rwanda officially denied these reports. The Congolese government, meanwhile, asked allied Angola to supply reinforcements in anticipation of Rwandan activity.
On November 27, 13,000 refugees were reported to have entered neighboring Uganda, fleeing the Congo situation from the Rutshuru district due to the alleged continuation of violence. As of December 9 this number had increased to over 30,000. According to United Nations spokeswoman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Uganda, Roberta Russo, "Health, water and sanitation remain a major challenge in the camps."
Neighbouring locales, such as the town of Dungu in the Orientale Province, had also been struck by violence, with as many as 70,000 people estimated in need of help by the World Food Program. Mustapha Darboe, the agency's regional director for East, Central and Southern Africa, claimed that "The suffering in Dungu has been overlooked as events further south in Goma and North Kivu have taken centre stage in recent weeks. Many thousands have been displaced and are living in fear of their children being abducted. Their situation could hardly be any worse." The UN had begun airlifting relief supplies in as of December 9.
Casualties.
While specific casualties have not been released, various sources have reported that an estimated 45,000 people die a month in the Congo, mostly of malnutrition and disease. Congo's monthly death rate of 2.2 deaths for each 1,000 people – essentially unchanged from the last survey in 2004 – is nearly 60 percent higher than the average for sub-Saharan Africa.
After the October 29 ceasefire, looting in Goma by Congolese soldiers was said to have caused at least 20 deaths and another 50 civilians were killed during the battle for Kiwanja. Death tolls as of November 7 were reported to be in the hundreds for civilians, though an estimated 1,400 die every day.
The Human Rights Watch stated that they had found at least 150 dead civilians in the town of Kiwanja who had been "summarily executed" by rebels. HRW reported in a statement that "following the Kiwanja killings, CNDP and Mai-Mai combatants continue to kill, rape, forcibly recruit children, and otherwise mistreat civilians in and around Kiwanja, the neighbouring town of Rutshuru, and in areas further north." Also, it reported another "18 deliberate killings in November and December perpetrated by the CNDP, the Mai-Mai and their allies", and received reports of "another 25 deaths, although ongoing insecurity has made it impossible to verify all such information."
War crimes.
Speculation of war crimes began when a UN team reported the deaths of 26 non-combatants in the village of Kiwanja, said to have been killed by rebels working with government troops. Nkunda denied these claims, stating that the 'non-combatants' were Mai-Mai militia dressed in civilian clothing.
On November 19, child soldiers were confirmed to have been used by multiple factions, including rebel, government and militia forces. According to Save the Children spokesman George Graham 3,000 children were being used in various combat roles in the Congo; most were forced in by threats of bodily harm or harm to loved ones. UNICEF stated that the Congo was the "worst place in the world to be for a child".
On November 26 the United Nations began investigations on war crimes in the conflict, stating "alarming" evidence of "target killings and possibly massacres of civilians". This was raised by United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon in a report that recommended lengthening MONUC's mission through 2009, where it was originally supposed to end at the conclusion of 2008. According to DR Congo Special Representative Alan Doss MONUC had opened "several investigations into alleged massacres and extra-judicial executions", stating that "All belligerents have committed serious atrocities against civilians... Women and children have suffered most from the recurrent fighting. Sexual violence is rampant and many armed groups continue to recruit children into their ranks." The previous killing of 26 innocents in Kiwanja by rebels was a factor in the proposal. Ban also cited the International Criminal Court's warrant for the arrest of CNDP chief of staff Bosco Ntaganda, wanted for allegedly conscripting children into service in the Ituri region of eastern Congo in 2003.
On December 11, the Human Rights Watch reported that at least 150 civilians had been killed in the town of Kiwanja, where earlier estimates had placed the death toll at approximately 30. They reported that the majority of the dead civilians had been "summarily executed" by rebel troops. They also criticized MONUC peacekeepers, who had been away at the time of the incident but had not protected the town. The group stated that the practice was continuing, claiming that "following the Kiwanja killings, CNDP and Mai-Mai combatants continue to kill, rape, forcibly recruit children, and otherwise mistreat civilians in and around Kiwanja, the neighbouring town of Rutshuru, and in areas further north."
On December 12, a United Nations Security Council panel reported finding conclusive evidence of Rwandan government assistance in recruiting soldiers for rebel causes, including the recruitment of child soldiers. Amnesty International, meanwhile, stated that both the rebel and government sides had condoned rape in the conflict, and said that the failure to stop the crimes "suggests that, at the very least, they systematically condone the crime and thereby implicitly encourage its persistence on a mass scale." The organization said that some victims had been threatened with death if they asked for medical attention from others.

</doc>
<doc id="19968885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968885" title="Lawspet">
Lawspet

Lawspet is an Assembly Constituency in the union territory of Puducherry in India.
Fact.
Lawspet is one of the most densely populated areas of Puducherry and is popular for the educational institutions. Pondicherry domestic airport would be expanded for handling domestic flights from 2013. This is one of the most posh areas of Pondicherry. Previously it was sparingly populated around 1990 and further many government residences and privately owned buildings started coming up. Lawspet is the area where most of the Chief executive officers, Professor, Entrepreneur and many other dignified prolific people are residing. 

</doc>
<doc id="19968930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968930" title="Gary Highway">
Gary Highway

The Gary Highway is a remote unsealed track in central Western Australia running through the Gibson Desert and the Great Sandy Desert. It was built by Len Beadell's Gunbarrel Road Construction Party in April and May 1963 and named after Beadell's son who was born in February that year. It connects the Gunbarrel Highway from Everard Junction in the south, to the Gary Junction Road at Gary Junction in the north. It is one of only two north-south tracks in the central deserts of Western Australia, the other being the Sandy Blight Junction Road, which was also built by Len Beadell.
Points of interest.
The Gary Highway passes several interesting points in its desert crossing:
Description.
The track is single lane, relatively clear of scrub, but corrugated over its entire length. It is mostly straight, except for a section from 22.85ºS to 22.88ºS where the track diverts around sand dunes. It was navigable (Sep 2007) with a hard surface of sand and gravel. The southern end has several wash-aways in the Gibson Desert Nature Reserve.
The approximate length of the track is , including side trips to Veevers Crater and McPhersons Pillar. It is very remote with both ends being hundreds of kilometres from any settlements or supply points. An HF radio or satellite phone should be carried as there are no facilities along this track and travellers should be self-sufficient in fuel, food, water and vehicle support. The nearest northern supplies are at Kunawaritji near Well 33 on the Canning Stock Route and Kiwirrkurra on the Gary Junction Road, or to the south some south east of Everard Junction at Warburton Roadhouse or Carnegie Station to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19968953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968953" title="Orgoglio">
Orgoglio

Orgoglio is a literary character in Edmund Spenser's famous epic "The Faerie Queene". He appears in the seventh canto as a beast and attacks the main character, Redcrosse, who symbolizes the ultimate Christian knight, during a moment of weakness. 
"Orgoglio" means "pride" in Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="19968961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968961" title="Old Man's Hope">
Old Man's Hope

Old Man's Hope is a poem by Allan Octavian Hume, the founder of the Indian National Congress, in which he sought to channel the zeitgeist of unrest prevalent in India in the 1880s towards a self-rule movement.
The poem.
The text of the poem is as follows -
Publication and republication.
Hume first published the poem in 1886 in Calcutta. A few years after his death in 1912, the poem was published again on 15 June 1916 in the Home Rule section of Annie Besant's newspaper, "New India", which led to renewed popularity for a period.

</doc>
<doc id="19968969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968969" title="Stuart Lee">
Stuart Lee

Stuart Lee (born 11 February 1953 in Manchester, England) is a former English football forward. He played professionally in England, Wales and the United States.
Player.
In 1971, Lee began his professional career when he signed with Bolton Wanderers. He was seventeen at the time. He spent three season in the second and third Division of the Football League with Bolton before transferring to third division Wrexham F.C. At the time, Wrexham experienced considerable success in both the FA Cup and European competitions. In 1976, they went to the quarterfinals of the Cup Winners Cup where Lee scored the team's lone goal in a 2–1 aggregate loss to R.S.C. Anderlecht. He spent two seasons with Wrexham before moving to Stockport County in 1978. He spent only one season with Stockport before moving to the first division with Manchester City. However, he played only six league games before being sold to the Portland Timbers of the North American Soccer League. He spent three seasons with the Timbers. During that time, he played three outdoor seasons and two indoor seasons. The Timbers folded at the end of the 1982 season and Lee signed with the Kansas City Comets of the Major Indoor Soccer League. In 1982, he returned to outdoor soccer with the Carolina Lightnin' of the second division American Soccer League. By this time, outdoor soccer was collapsing in the United States and the ASL ceased operations following the 1983 season. Lee signed with the Los Angeles Lazers of the MISL in the fall of 1983. He would play two seasons for the Lazers. He returned to the NASL for the 1984 season, playing for the Tampa Bay Rowdies, but the league collapsed at the end of the season. Lee would remain with the indoor game for the remainder of his career. On 6 September 1985, the St. Louis Steamers signed Lee. After one season, he moved to the Kansas City Comets then back to the Lazers. Lee signed as a free agent with the Dallas Sidekicks on 20 October 1987. He spent one season with the Sidekicks, then retired from playing professionally.
Coach.
Following his retirement as a player, Lee returned to England where he became a manager in the Stockport County reserves. He would return to Portland during the summers to run youth soccer camps. On 29 November 1989, the Seattle Storm of the American Professional Soccer League hired Lee to replace Tommy Jenkins as head coach. The Storm folded at the end of the 1990 season. In December 1993, he bought the team from Bud Greer and entered it in the amateur Pacific Coast League. Lee is currently the Director of the FC Seattle Youth Club.
References.
Lee is now a coach for Eastside FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19968974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968974" title="KTM Class 29">
KTM Class 29

The KTM Class 29 is a class of mainline diesel electric locomotives built in China by Dalian Locomotive and Rolling Stock Company for operations by Keretapi Tanah Melayu of Malaysia on its freight services.
History.
20 locomotives were acquired around 2005, but proved less than reliable than the Class 26 bought at the same time. By 2008 only 5 out of 20 were in service due to the high number of technical problems. As a consequence KTM had to lease locomotives from India at a cost of $1000 per train per day. As the units were still under warranty, the manufacturing company was called in and a KTMB task force was formed to fix the problem. By December 2008 eighteen units had been overhauled and were in working order.
Currently no reliability problems have been encountered with the locomotive and have performed above expectations. These Locomotives are currently Maintained By SMH Rail SDN BHD While the main objective of the locomotive is to pull heavy freight, it easily handles local shuttle trains with an operating speed averaging 110km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19968991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968991" title="Vossius ring">
Vossius ring

Vossius ring (also called "Vossius's ring" or "Vossius' ring") is due to blunt trauma to the eye. During injury to eye a circular ring of fainted or stippled opacity is seen on the anterior surface of the lens due to brown amorphous granules of pigment lying on the capsule. It has the same diameter as of the contracted pupil and is due to impression of iris on the lens produced by the force of concussion injury which drives the cornea and iris backward.

</doc>
<doc id="19968992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968992" title="CBD Metro">
CBD Metro

CBD Metro was a proposed metro line running in Sydney, Australia announced on 23 October 2008. It was to be undertaken by the NSW State Government and was placed on a short-list of projects to be funded by Infrastructure Australia's "Building Australia Fund" in December 2008. The CBD Metro was designed to cater to the "CBD Growth Centre" and was identified as the enabling "central spine" to a proposed larger metro system for Sydney, including extensions to the west and possibly the north-west.
The CBD Metro would have consisted of a track railway running from Rozelle and Pyrmont to connect with Wynyard, Town Hall and Central. The project would have included a train stabling facility to the west of the new Pyrmont station. The new Euro-style metro was proposed to offer a rail service of one train every four to five minutes (three minutes during peak hours). It would have run on conventional standard gauge track, similar to the existing CityRail network, but would have operated without drivers. It was to run single deck rolling stock along the route of the proposed CBD Metro.
The CBD Metro was cancelled on 21 February 2010, by NSW Premier Kristina Kenneally as part of the "Metropolitan Transport Plan: Connecting the City of Cities, 2010". The plan announced the CBD Relief Line, a heavy rail line that essentially replaces the CBD Metro.
Proposed route.
The final proposal revealed had the CBD Metro running from Rozelle to Central station, connecting with the proposed West Metro at Central station. The new metro stations would have provided connections with existing CityRail network at Wynyard, Martin Place, Town Hall, and Central stations.
The proposed route would have included 6 new metro stations:
Other proposed extensions.
According to Sydney Metro Authority's publications, the CBD Metro was proposed to connect with the West Metro from Central to Westmead via Leichhardt. Considerations were also taken to extend the CBD Metro to Epping via Macquarie Park partly along the alignment of the (previously) cancelled North West Metro. Both extensions would have formed part of the proposed City West Line (Metro Line 1). However, as the CBD Metro has been scrapped, it is unlikely that any other metros will be considered in the near future.
Criticism.
The CBD metro had been criticised by both the head of RailCorp and the NSW Property Council as using a much-needed protected corridor for the proposed additional heavy rail corridor through the CBD of Sydney. This line, it is claimed, would be needed to provide extra capacity on the CityRail network to ease congestion and allow growth into the future. "The Sydney Morning Herald" reported that Transport Minister David Campbell had admitted the CBD Metro would run up to 87% empty during peak hour on its opening in 2015 and up to 76% empty in 2031. During peak hour, the CBD Metro is projected to carry 4,000 - 5,500 passengers per hour in 2015 and 7,250 passengers per hour in 2031 out of a full capacity of 30,000 passengers per hour. The dumped, alternative proposal for a second heavy rail harbour crossing running between Redfern and Chatswood would have incurred a similar cost but was projected to carry 16,000 passengers per hour, more than four times the CBD metro.
Formerly starting the proposal for a CBD Metro in early 2009, the NSW Labor Government applied for environmental assessment study with the NSW Department Of Planning. This was put on public display during September 2009. During this time members of the public and Government Departments were invited to comment and make submissions.
Unpopular across the community, the CBD Metro proposal has come into much criticism both in logistics and the proposed cost. It was discovered after the close of submissions, that the original 2 billion dollar cost had blown out to 7 billion dollars, due to problems with construction. Also it was made public that two Councils, City Of Sydney and Leichhardt Municipal Council, had written submissions fiercely critical of the CBD Metro proposal.
As of December 2009, the CBD Metro project again caused problems for the NSW Labor Government, after the Sydney Metro Authority indicated it would forcefully resume properties despite having no approval from the NSW Department Of Planning. It is expected that the iconic Woolworths Building in Park Street, would have also fallen victim and be forced to close.
Cancellation.
A new premier of NSW, Kristina Keneally, halted the compulsory property acquisitions at Rozelle during January 2010. This prompted speculation that the CBD Metro would be cancelled. On Saturday, 20 February, a special weekend cabinet meeting was convened to sort out the issue. The following day, Keneally formally announced the cancellation of the metro program – including the CBD Metro. The government's Metropolitan Transport Blueprint includes the City Relief line, which is a similar concept to the CBD Metro. The City Relief line links into CityRail's Western line, instead of forming the basis of a new system.

</doc>
<doc id="19968997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19968997" title="Kirk DeMicco">
Kirk DeMicco

Kirk DeMicco is an Academy Award nominated American screenwriter, director and producer. He is best known for writing and directing "Space Chimps" and "The Croods".
Raised in Wyckoff, New Jersey and a former resident of Franklin Lakes, DeMicco attended Ramapo High School.
Journalism.
After graduation in 1991 from the University of Southern California, where he double majored in economics and political science, he spent three years in Italy, where he worked as a journalist, interviewing individuals involved in the Italian movie industry for an Italian film-business magazine. After returning to the United States, he worked for the William Morris Agency in New York City, before relocating to the firm's office in Los Angeles in a transfer arranged by talent agent Lee Stollman.
Screenwriting and Directing.
DeMicco's first script sale was called "A Day in November" which he sold to Warner Bros. and producer Arnold Kopelson for $1 million before signing to write "Quest for Camelot". Later he wrote and co-produced "Racing Stripes" for director Frederik Du Chau. John Cleese and DeMicco co-wrote the film adaptation of the Roald Dahl's children classic "The Twits". He also wrote "Splitting Adam" a movie that was set up at United Artists. He then worked as a writer on "" and later worked on "Casper's Scare School". In 2008, he wrote and directed the movie "Space Chimps" for John H. Williams and his company Vanguard Animation; the film is inspired by the first chimpanzee to go to space, Ham. While working at Warner Bros., he and Du Chau also wrote a script for the upcoming live-action–animated film based on the Hanna-Barbera character, Hong Kong Phooey, which they sold to Alcon Entertainment. He has also done many production rewrites for Disney, Warner Bros., DreamWorks and Spyglass. In television, he is the creator and executive producer of the Discovery Channel documentary, "HALO: Freefall Warriors." 
In 2013, DeMicco co-wrote and co-directed DreamWorks' "The Croods" with Chris Sanders, and is set to re-team with Sanders for its sequel. "The Croods" has grossed over $582 million worldwide at the box office. DeMicco began writing the film with John Cleese in 2005. As of August 2, 2013, "The Croods" is the eighth highest grossing original animated film and the 19th highest grossing animated film including sequels of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="19969071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969071" title="Harris, New York">
Harris, New York

Harris is a hamlet in the Town of Thompson in east-central Sullivan County, New York, United States. The zipcode for Harris is 12742.
Harris is a small community located off New York State Route 17 (future Interstate 86) off Exit 102 between Liberty and Monticello. In its heyday, during the 1950s, Harris was a thriving resort community of bungalow colonies, hotels and rooming houses. These included Betty D's Rooming House, the Turey Hotel, the Louis Herskovitz Bungalow Colony, Princeton House and many others. During the summer months, a number of stores formed a small "downtown" area near the intersection of Harris Road and Big Woods Road.
Today, the hamlet still contains a number of bungalow colonies. It is also the location of the Catskill Regional Medical Center's main hospital (as opposed to the Center's smaller hospital in the western part of Sullivan County in Callicoon), and is the home of the Center for Discovery, a community for disabled residents that is also the largest employer in Sullivan County.

</doc>
<doc id="19969072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969072" title="Anne Hendershott">
Anne Hendershott

Anne B. Hendershott (born July 12, 1949 in Waterbury) is an American sociologist and author. She is the author of several books, including "The Politics of Deviance", "The Politics of Abortion", and most recently "Status Envy: The Politics of Catholic Higher Education". She has taught at the University of San Diego and at The King's College in New York City. She is currently a professor of Psychology, Sociology, and Social Work at the Franciscan University of Steubenville in Ohio.
Career.
Hendershott received her B.A. and M.S. degrees from Central Connecticut State University and her Ph.D. in Sociology from Kent State University. She is a devout Roman Catholic who was written extensively on abortion and the pro-life movement, she lives in Milford, Connecticut, with her husband.
As a sociology professor at the University of San Diego, a Catholic university, she contributed opinion articles to the "San Diego Union-Tribune". Hendershott taught at San Diego for 15 years before transferring to The King's College in New York City in 2008. Her articles have also appeared in "National Review" magazine.
Reception.
Regarding "The Politics of Deviance", Patrick Rooney of the New Oxford Review said that, "'Anne Hendershott has a problem — she’s an academic with common sense, which places her at odds with her brethren and with the cultural elite generally." Discovery Institute fellow Philip Gold reviewed that book for "The Washington Times" favorably: "Here, the author notes correctly, while some forms of traditional deviance get defined out of existence or redefined as positive goods (homosexuality, for example), other hitherto acceptable activities are now stigmatized (smoking). Significantly, most of the work of defining up and down is now handled, not by traditional sources of authority, but by well-organized and well-funded advocacy groups, aided and encouraged by sensationalistic media, postmodern academics, and re-election-fixated politicians." For "National Review" magazine, Carol Iannone called "The Politics of Deviance" "in the blandly decadent America of the 21st century...welcome and indeed long overdue."

</doc>
<doc id="19969086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969086" title="Loïc Damour">
Loïc Damour

Loïc Damour (born 8 January 1991 in Chantilly) is a French football player who currently plays for Belgian side White Star Bruxelles.
Football career.
Loïc began his career with his local club US Chantilly before moving to the famous Clairefontaine academy in 2004. While training at Clairefontaine, he also attended the prestigious sports club Athletic Club de Boulogne Billencourt, which also trained current French stars Hatem Ben Arfa and Issiar Dia. After leaving Clairefontaine, he joined RC Strasbourg.
In April 2008, Loïc signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal keeping him with Strasbourg until 2011. After spending one year in the reserves, he was promoted to the senior squad and was assigned the 26 shirt. He made his professional football debut for Strasbourg on 4 August 2008 in a Ligue 2 match against Montpellier coming on as a substitute.
On 26 October 2009, Damour signed a contract extension with Strasbourg until the year 2013.
International career.
Damour is a France youth international having played for the U-16s, U-17s, and the under-18 team. He is currently playing with the France U-19 squad. He was captain of the U-16 squad and was a part of the U-17 squad that finished runner-ups at the 2008 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19969090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969090" title="Angelo State University College of Nursing and Allied Health">
Angelo State University College of Nursing and Allied Health

The Angelo State University College of Nursing and Allied Health was formed in May 2008 with a grant from the San Angelo Health Foundation moving the Nursing and Physical Therapy Programs to a new college. Much of this was made possible because of Angelo States movement to the Texas Tech System in 2008. The new college will offer many new research opportunities as well as several upcoming degree plans. Plans call for a new Bachelors degree in Health Care Communications and Informatics and Masters degrees in Occupational Therapy, Rehabilitation Counseling and Rural and International Health Care. More degree plans and research opportunities as well as cooperative programs with the Texas Tech University Health Science Center are in current planning. The College has already received over $2 million in grants for research and startup costs. Most classrooms for the college can be found in the Vincent building though many Doctorate of Physical Therapy classes are in the Center for Human Performance. Funds for construction for a new building to house the college are currently being requested from the state legislature. Also initiated will be the Center for Rural Health, Wellness and Rehabilitation, a research and outreach arm interested in helping underserved rural communities in Texas.
San Jacinto Clinic.
The San Jacinto Clinic is a clinic at San Jacinto Elementary School in San Angelo operated by the Angelo State University College of Nursing and Allied Health. The clinic serves a federally identified "medically undeserved area". The clinic provides medical care to children ranging from 3 to 18 years old from surrounding community regardless of their ability to pay. It sees approximately 800-900 patient visits a year. The facility allows students to obtain hands-on training experiences in health and human services fields.

</doc>
<doc id="19969106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969106" title="Van Zuylen van Nijevelt">
Van Zuylen van Nijevelt

Van Zuylen van Nijevelt ( is a noble family from the region of Rotterdam, town and region where several members of the family played a significant role. The head of the family is the Count van Zuylen van Nijevelt; the rest of the family bears the title baron or baroness.
This family must not be confused with the old noble family from Utrecht, Van Zuylen van Nievelt
Origins.
During the 19th century members of this family tried to prove that they were descendants of the Utrecht noble family. This has later been found impossible to prove.
Their genealogy starts with a merchant in hosiery trade Van Zuylen. Later they added 'Van Nijevelt' at the time when they had become affluent and accomplished important duties in Rotterdam. 1848 they added "Van De Weyer", because of a familiar marriage.
Philip Julius van Zuylen van Nijevelt, senator, was made comte de l'Empire dd. 17 maart 1811. Several of his brothers were made baron de l'Empire in 1813 (not formally confirmed). 
Under the United kingdom of the Netherlands, several royal decrees, between 1815-1822, confirmed the noble status of the family. In 1822 the chief of the family was made a count and all other members baron and baroness.
Arms.
The family has canting arms: "zuil" is the Dutch word for column. Hence, the coat of arm depicts three columns. It seerms to have been copied from the arms of the van Zuylen van Nievelt family from Utrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="19969120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969120" title="UCSB Department of Computer Science">
UCSB Department of Computer Science

The UCSB Computer Science Department in the University of California Santa Barbara's College of Engineering was founded in 1979. It offers Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, and Doctor of Philosophy degrees in Computer Science and provides courses for the Bachelor of Arts degree in Computer Science offered through the College of Letters and Science. Since 1999, the CS Department has offered the Computer Engineering Program in conjunction with Electrical and Computer Engineering Department. UCSB has a strong tradition in the computational sciences, having been the #3 ARPAnet host. 
According to the National Research Council, the department's PhD program is ranked 4th in the United States. It is ranked 40th in the 2011 Academic Ranking of World Universities among other Computer Science departments.
History.
Between 1996 and 2006, the CS Department experienced growth in both students and funding. During that time the department's undergraduate program more than doubled from 246 to 638 students. However, enrollment began to follow a national trend of decreased enrollment since its peak in 1992. In the same time period, the departments funding received a six-fold increase from $1.3 million from 22 grants to $8.1 million from 41 grants.
The CS Department's PhD program has also grown since its inception. The PhD program began in 1988 and saw its first graduate in 1990. In the 2006-2007 school year, the CS department saw a record 25 PhD students graduate. As of the 2007-2008 school year, the department has 100 PhD students and 50 Masters students.
Degrees.
Undergraduate Degrees
B.S. in Computer Science
The Computer Science B.S. program is a four year, 180 unit track that is accredited by the Computing Accreditation Commission of ABET.
B.A. in Computer Science
The B.A. in Computer Science is offered through the UCSB's College of Letters and Science, but requires students to pass both lower and upper division programming courses through the Computer Science Department. Emphases in the B.A. include: Computational Biology, Computational Economics, and Computational Geography.
Graduate Degrees
Masters in Computer Science
Masters students can optionally emphasize in Computational Science and Engineering (CSE). 
PhD in Computer Science
Doctoral students can optionally emphasize in Computational Science and Engineering (CSE), Technology and Society, or Cognitive Science.
Double Majors and Letters and Science Minors.
Students in the College of Engineering are able to double major in a Letters and Science or Creative Studies major, but may not double major solely in the Engineering Department. Even with this option, freshman have up to 15 regular quarters to complete their degree while transfer students have up to 9 regular quarters. Students may minor in any subject listed in the College of Letters & Science minor subjects.
Five Year Combined B.S. / M.S.
A combined BS/MS Program in Computer Science provides an opportunity to earn both degrees in five years. Students interested in the program begin meeting with their department late sophomore to early junior year.
Five Year B.S. / M.S. in Computer Science
Five Year B.S. in Computer Science / M.A. in Economics
Five-Year B.S./B.A. in Creative Studies and M.S. in Computer Science
The College of Creative Studies and the Computer Science Department offers a five-year BS/MS program for qualified students. 
Five-Year B.S. in Computer Engineering / M.S. in Computer Science
Academics.
Courses.
There are over 80 courses offered through the Computer Science Department. They are divided into three categories: lower division courses (numbered 1-99) prepare Freshman and Sophomore students for their major and are required to progress out of the Computer Science pre-major, upper division courses (numbered 100-199) are required for the student's major and build upon lower division courses, and graduate courses (numbered 200-599) are offered only to graduate students or undergraduates on an accelerated curriculum program.
Computer Labs.
CS students have access to two primary computer labs: the Computer Science Instructional Lab (CSIL) and the Graduate Student Lab (GSL). CSIL is the CS Department's main facility and is primarily used for completing homework, studying, and interacting with other students. The lab is generally open for use 18 hours a day and offers instructors from the late afternoon to the evening. The CSIL Lab also includes a server dedicated to remote access. This allows students to access required applications from anywhere on campus without being physically in the lab. This benefit comes at the cost of sharing the workstation with varying amounts of users. The Graduate Student Lab is lab dedicated to Graduate students and their work that is open self-service 24/7. The GSL features a projector and conference tables for graduate students to practice presentations.
Study Abroad.
The CS Department actively encourages students to utilize the University of California's Education Abroad Program (EAP). Studying abroad usually occurs during the student's junior year or the summer before and can last from a university quarter to an entire year.
Research.
Research is a crucial component of the CS Department. As of 2006, the CS Department maintains over 20 research labs under its auspices.
A valuable resource to the CS Department is the 65 workstation CISE/IGERT Beowulf Cluster. It is dedicated to computing large amounts of information supplied by CS researchers and anyone from UCSB who needs access can apply through one of the campus' faculty investigators. Infrastructure for the research was partially funded by the National Science Foundation through grants EIA-0080134 and DGE02-21715.
The amongst the department's strengths are cloud computing, computer security, database systems, and human-computer interaction.

</doc>
<doc id="19969131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969131" title="American espionage in the Soviet Union">
American espionage in the Soviet Union

Since the formation of the Soviet Union in 1917, the United States of America has had presence in the Soviet Government. American espionage was not centered around the same goals and ideals as the Soviet Union; in which the Soviets tried to steal American technology and other American advances, along with American battle plans, location of nuclear weapons, equipment, military bases, and other military operations. Mostly, America focused on the latter, as Soviet technology was not of interest to the United States. The United States conducted espionage through the Central Intelligence Agency(CIA), while the Soviet Union conducted espionage through the KGB.
American and Soviet Espionage.
Throughout the Cold War, acts of espionage, or spying, became prevalent as tension between the United States and Soviet Union increased. The KGB, Soviet military group, made use of espionage primarily at the American Embassy in the Soviet Union. When word of this spying reached the United States, President Ronald Reagan initiated several negotiations with the Soviets in an attempt to eliminate the danger of possible exposed military secrets. Punishments for espionage in the United States were harsh and involved a quickly issued death penalty, especially the cases that involved betraying one’s own country.
KGB.
The KGB, a military organization that provided national defense in the Soviet Union, played a major role in the battle of espionage and tactics in the Cold War. The American Embassy in the Soviet Union appeared to have been invaded by the KGB’s efforts to acquire any useful information from the United States. According to Stan Levchenko, a former KGB officer, “The KGB would never lose a chance just to look around.”
This was confirmed first in 1988 when a brand new American Embassy in the Soviet Union was abandoned after Soviet “workers” had filled the building with wire bugs, hidden recording devices, to gain information.
However, during a large fire on March 28, 1991 at the American Embassy, the KGB was believed to have stolen several classified documents and equipment. The KGB did have complete access to the building as it was on fire, leading many to believe the fire was intentionally set by the Soviets to gain access to American information. This event sparked controversy in the United States, leading to negotiations and agreements with the Soviets. 
Foreign Policy Affairs.
Due to his fear of spying in his embassy in the Soviet Union, President Reagan made several meetings with the Soviet Leaders solely regarding espionage. He hoped agreement on this policy would lead to further agreement of nuclear militarism and destruction of the earth.
Soviet Accusations.
In response to the accusations that the Soviet Union was “bugging” American buildings, the Soviets countered with claims of the United States using their embassy as a method of espionage. Soviets argued Americans used the embassy to break into neighboring buildings to gain protected information.
The United States quickly denied these charges and noted that the Soviet Union was attempting to cover up their dishonest acts of espionage committed during the floods of the embassy.
Punishments and Internal Affairs.
Due to the increased levels of Soviet espionage, the United States Congress desired to issue the death penalty to both foreign and internal spies to protect classified information. The death penalty seemed like a viable option after the incident with John Walker, a nuclear submarine radioman, who was accused of espionage during peacetime by a military officer. 
This Defense Authorization Act also applied to the military in serious cases. The death penalty could be issued to American militants if they were participating in serious espionage involving the following secrets:
An act to require polygraph tests for 3.5 million DoD workers passed the US House in 1985 by a vote of 333 to 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19969138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969138" title="Bernard Siegan">
Bernard Siegan

Bernard H. Siegan (July 28, 1924 – March 27, 2006) was a longtime law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law, libertarian legal theorist and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The "New York Times" called Siegan's nomination "one of the most bitterly disputed judicial nominations of the Reagan Era."
Early life and education.
Born in Chicago, Siegan attended Marshall High School in Chicago, and served in the army during World War II. Siegan earned a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School in 1949.
Professional and academic career.
Siegan practiced law in Chicago from 1949 until 1973. In 1973, he became Professor of Law at the University of San Diego School of Law, where he taught for more than thirty years, becoming Distinguished Professor of Law. There, he taught constitutional law, and on the interaction of economics and the law, hosting guest lectures from such figures as former Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court Warren Burger, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, former U.S. Attorney General Edwin Meese, and Nobel Laureate James M. Buchanan. A participant in numerous academic and professional conferences, in 1983, for example, he spoke at "The Thomas Jefferson School", a conference of intellectuals discussing Objectivism organized by economist George Reisman.
Siegan served on the National Commission on the Bicentennial of the Constitution (along with figures such as Senator Ted Kennedy), as a member of President Ronald Reagan's Commission on Housing, and as a consultant to the U.S. Department of Justice, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the Federal Trade Commission. After withdrawing his name from nomination to the federal judiciary, he led the U.S. Advisory Team on Bulgarian Growth and Transition, authoring its recommendations for a proposed Bulgarian Constitution following the fall of the Iron Curtain.
Siegan's work has been favorably cited by legal scholars such as Richard Epstein.
Nomination to the Ninth Circuit.
On February 2, 1987, President Ronald Reagan nominated Siegan, who was a close friend of then-Attorney General Edwin Meese, to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to fill the seat vacated by Judge Warren J. Ferguson, who had taken senior status. Almost immediately, Siegan's nomination ran into opposition from liberals and even some conservatives because of his libertarian views on economic matters, and on property rights in particular. Siegan also had held the position that the U.S. Supreme Court had erred in major civil rights rulings. The nomination was followed by one of the longest delays by the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee in addressing any judicial nomination in U.S. history up to that point. One of the loudest opponents to Siegan's nomination was Harvard Law School Professor Lawrence Tribe, whose view toward Siegan softened years later.
Siegan had confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee on November 5, 1987 and again on February 25, 1988, but his senatorial opponents were not satisfied by the answers that he gave. Although Reagan administration officials had told Siegan in early 1988 that he had no chance of being confirmed, Siegan refused to withdraw, preferring instead to proceed with a vote from the Senate Judiciary Committee. On July 14, 1988, his nomination was defeated by the Senate Judiciary Committee, which voted 8–6 not to report his nomination favorably (an almost unheard-of action), and deadlocked 7-7 on whether to forward the nomination to the full Senate without a recommendation. Siegan himself formally withdrew his nomination on September 16, 1988.
Reagan later nominated Ferdinand Francis Fernandez to the seat, although he did so after the traditional start date of the Thurmond Rule in a presidential election year, and Fernandez's nomination was not acted upon by senators before the 100th Congress adjourned. President George H. W. Bush opted not to renominate Siegan to the seat either, instead renominating Ferdinand Francis Fernandez to the seat in 1989. Fernandez was confirmed that same year.
Death.
Siegan suffered a stroke in 2005 and died on March 27, 2006 in Encinitas, California of complications from that stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19969142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969142" title="Bonanza Jr./Sr. High School">
Bonanza Jr./Sr. High School

Bonanza Jr./Sr. High School is junior/senior public high school located in Bonanza, Oregon, United States.
Academics.
In 2008, 72% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 29 students, 21 graduated, 3 dropped out, 2 received a modified diploma, and 3 are still in high school.
Athletics.
Bonanza's high school athletic program began around the time the school did. The mascot is known as the "Antlers" and the team colors are black and red. The Antlers name is an alternate name for "Elks" (used by Elkton High School) or "Bucks".
They are a member in good standing of the Oregon School Activities Association and participate in the Southern Cascade League. All teams currently play in Class 2A based on school enrollment.

</doc>
<doc id="19969157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969157" title="Dawid Kręt">
Dawid Kręt

Dawid Kręt (born August 2, 1988 in Płońsk - Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Dawid Kręt joined Tęcza 34 Płońsk at age 14 and spent one season there,before moving to the youth team of Amica Wronki. During the 2007/2008 season, he signed a contract with Lech Poznań.

</doc>
<doc id="19969201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969201" title="Lost River Jr./Sr. High School">
Lost River Jr./Sr. High School

Lost River Jr./Sr. High School is a junior/senior public high school serving Merrill, Oregon, United States. It is named after the Lost River in Southern Oregon and Northern California.
Academics.
In 2008, 82% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 44 students, 36 graduated, 6 dropped out, and 2 are still in high school. 
Athletics.
Lost River's high school athletic program began around the time the school did. The mascot is known as the "Raiders" and the team colors are black and gold. 
They are a member in good standing of the Oregon School Activities Association and participate in the Southern Cascade League. All teams currently play in Class 2A based on school enrollment.

</doc>
<doc id="19969223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969223" title="Andarine">
Andarine

Andarine (GTx-007, S-4) is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed by GTX, Inc for treatment of conditions such as muscle wasting, osteoporosis and benign prostatic hypertrophy, using the non-steroidal androgen antagonist bicalutamide as a lead compound.
Andarine is an orally active partial agonist for androgen receptors. It is less potent in both anabolic and androgenic effects than other SARMs. In an animal model of benign prostatic hypertrophy, andarine was shown to reduce prostate weight with similar efficacy to finasteride, but without producing any reduction in muscle mass or anti-androgenic side effects. This suggests that it is able to competitively block binding of dihydrotestosterone to its receptor targets in the prostate gland, but its partial agonist effects at androgen receptors prevent the side effects associated with the anti-androgenic drugs traditionally used for treatment of BPH.

</doc>
<doc id="19969253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969253" title="The Silent House (novel)">
The Silent House (novel)

The Silent House (1983) is Orhan Pamuk's second novel published after "Cevdet Bey and His Sons". The novel tells the story of a week in which 3 siblings go to visit their grandmother in Cennethisar, a small town near Istanbul.
General.
"The Silent House" consists of 32 chapters. Each chapter is narrated from a different narrator's point of view in the first person. The names of the five narrators in the novel in turn are Recep, Buyukhanim, Hasan, Faruk and Metin. The narrator of the opening chapter is Recep and the narrator of the closing chapter is Buyukhanim.
Each of the narrators has a different number of chapters to tell. Hasan has eight, Buyukhanim seven, Recep six, Faruk six, and Metin has five chapters. The distribution of the chapters to the narrators are as following:
Time and Place.
Place: Cennethisar
Time: July 1980. "The Silent House" takes place just one month before the military coup of September 12 in Turkey. Therefore, the novel carries the influence of the great political tension.
Plot.
Behcet Necatigil summarizes the plot of the novel: One of the five narrators of "The Silent House", historian Faruk does some research on Ottoman History in an archive in Gebze which is a small town near Istanbul.
The Silent House and Stream of Consciousness.
Related Sources:
The Interpretations of Orhan Pamuk on "The Silent House".
Orhan Pamuk's observations about the novel are very significant in terms of the novel's analysis. All of the quotation are taken from the first edition of his book "The Other Colors" in which he brings his various writings together.

</doc>
<doc id="19969280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969280" title="Samara O'Shea">
Samara O'Shea

Samara O'Shea (born September 22, 1979 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American author, blogger, and professional letter writer.
She has written two books published by HarperCollins: "For the Love of Letters: A 21st-Century Guide to the Art of Letter Writing" and "Note to Self: On Keeping a Journal and Other Dangerous Pursuits".
She blogs for The Huffington Post, and has been a guest blogger for Powell's Books and TalkingMakeup.com. She also runs an online letter-writing service at LetterLover.net.
O'Shea spent her adolescent years in Mantua, New Jersey. She graduated from Clearview Regional High School in 1997 and from Duquesne University in 2001. In college, O'Shea wrote for the Duquesne Duke, was an intern at Pittsburgh Magazine, and presided as president of the Alpha Omega chapter of the national sorority Alpha Gamma Delta.
Following graduation, O'Shea moved to Manhattan to pursue a career in magazines before writing books. She was fired from an internship at "", (a story included in "For the Love of Letters"), but survived internships at both "Harper's Bazaar", and "Esquire". Her writing has since appeared in "Country Living", "Woman's Day", and "All You".
In April 2005 she launched LetterLover.net—an online letter-writing service. Shortly after launching the site she was approached by a publisher asking her to pen a modern guide to letter writing, which is how her first book came to be. She has come full circle and now resides in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="19969387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969387" title="Ronald Reagan judicial appointment controversies">
Ronald Reagan judicial appointment controversies

During President Ronald Reagan's presidency, he nominated at least twelve people for various federal appellate judgeship who were not confirmed. In some cases, the nominations were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee before Reagan's presidency ended, while in other cases, nominees were rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee or even blocked by unfriendly members of the Republican Party. Three of the nominees were renominated by Reagan's successor, President George H. W. Bush. Two of the nominees, Ferdinand Francis Fernandez and Guy G. Hurlbutt, were nominated after July 1, 1988, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year. Eight of the twelve seats eventually were filled by appointees of President George H. W. Bush.
Others who were considered for nomination.
In 1981, Reagan strongly and publicly had considered nominating Hallmark Cards attorney Judith Whittaker, who is the daughter-in-law of the late Supreme Court associate justice Charles Evans Whittaker, to a vacancy on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit that had been created by the decision by Floyd Robert Gibson to take senior status. Whittaker, a Republican, was dropped from consideration in December 1982 before being formally nominated, amid grassroots concerns among conservatives about Whittaker's support of the Equal Rights Amendment and published rumors suggesting that she favored abortion rights. Ultimately, the White House nominated John R. Gibson in 1982 to the seat, and he was confirmed by the United States Senate.
In 1982, Reagan strongly and publicly had considered nominating New Orleans lawyer Ben C. Toledano to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit to replace Robert Andrew Ainsworth, Jr., who had died in 1981. Toledano was recommended for the position by Louisiana's Republican leadership, including then-Gov. David C. Treen. However, Toledano's nomination was opposed by local and state chapters of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a local group of African-American attorneys, who cited Toledano's involvement in his 20s as an active supporter of racial segregation and his efforts to organize the segregationist States' Rights Party of Louisiana. (It should also be noted, however, that a number of prominent Louisiana blacks supported the nomination.) In December 1982, Reagan's Counsel to the President, Fred Fielding, wrote in a memo that the joint White House-Justice Department working group "has identified Benjamin C. Toledano...as a well-qualified candidate for nomination to the existing vacancy on the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals. However, we believe the facts described below should be brought to your personal attention before further action occurs on the part of this prospective nominee." Fielding's memo described Toledano's past and the opposition to his nomination by a committee of the American Bar Association. Several days later, the White House informed Toledano that it would not proceed with his nomination, and evidence shows that Reagan himself personally made the decision. Reagan wound up nominating W. Eugene Davis to the seat, and he was confirmed in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19969398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969398" title="Øvrevoll Galoppbane">
Øvrevoll Galoppbane

Øvrevoll Galoppbane is the only gallop racecourse in Norway
It is located at Øvrevoll between Østerås (west), Jar (south) and Eiksmarka (north) in Bærum. It has both a turf track and an all-weather track. It was officially opened in 1932 by King Haakon VII and Queen Maud.
The biggest event of the year is the Derby Day, one Sunday at the end of August every year. Øvrevoll Galoppbane has a grandstand with a restaurant, as well as the Stallkroen Restaurant on the north side of the track. Sherryhaugen Café has a good view of the paddock.
In the late 1980s there were plans to build a hotel and a shopping mall near the circuit, to generate more traffic at the racecourse. This was rejected by local authorities. There were talks about moving the entire racecourse to rural Lier in protest, but this did not happen, partly because Norsk Rikstoto did not have finances to back it up. In 1990 the owners announced plans to stay at Øvrevoll, but expand by building a golf course.

</doc>
<doc id="19969401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969401" title="Vehicle registration plates of Indian tribes">
Vehicle registration plates of Indian tribes

Several Indian tribes within the United States register motor vehicles and issue license plates to those vehicles.
The legal status of these plates varies by tribe, with some being recognized by the federal government and others not. Some nations issue plates for both tribal and personal vehicles, while others issue plates only for official tribal vehicles.
Some nations' plates indicate the U.S. state with which they are most closely associated, while others do not. This variation may even exist among the nations associated with one particular state.

</doc>
<doc id="19969429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969429" title="Sevenless">
Sevenless

Sevenless ("sev") is a gene in "Drosophila melanogaster" that encodes a receptor tyrosine kinase protein essential to the development of R7 cells in the Drosophila embryonic eye. The drosophila ommatidium contains 8 distinct retinula or R cells, each of which has a different spectral sensitivity. The R7 photo receptor, located in each of several ommatidium in the fly's compound eye, is used to detect ultraviolet light. The R8 photo receptor contains an activator of the RTK (receptor tyrosine kinase) for on a precursor R7 cell, called the "bride of sevenless" (BOSS). The binding of BOSS to sevenless stimulates a complex series of reactions involving the RTK (sevenless), MAP kinases, Ras and many more molecules to differentiate that precursor R7 photo receptor to a fully functional R7 photo receptor that can see UV light. Much of this knowledge was gained by examining flies with a mutant sevenless but still produced a fully functional R7 photoreceptor when a dominant Ras was injected into the mutant R7 precursor without the normal sevenless.

</doc>
<doc id="19969441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969441" title="Christmas Valley Sand Dunes">
Christmas Valley Sand Dunes

Christmas Valley Sand Dunes are a natural sand dune complex covering of public lands east of Christmas Valley in Lake County, Oregon, United States, about southeast of Bend. The area is accessible via the Christmas Valley National Back Country Byway. The dunes are up to high. It is the largest inland shifting sand dune system in the Pacific Northwest. The dunes are composed mostly of ash and pumice from the eruption of Mount Mazama that formed Crater Lake 7,000 years ago. Approximately of dunes are open to vehicles.
Administration.
The area is part of a Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Area of Critical Environmental Concern and the land around nearby Fossil Lake is closed to vehicles. The BLM-administered lands also include the Lost Forest Research Natural Area to the east of the dunes.
Recreational use.
The dunes are available for off-road and ATV recreational use. The road (Blm rd 6121) has been updated with gravel and the dunes can now be accessed during most of the winter and spring months.
A $10 Oregon ATV operator permit may be required. A valid driver's license in addition to an Oregon DOT helmet for persons under 18 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="19969451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969451" title="Epsom (disambiguation)">
Epsom (disambiguation)

Epsom is a town in Surrey, England. Related to that are:

</doc>
<doc id="19969481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969481" title="Vehicle registration plates of the Federated States of Micronesia">
Vehicle registration plates of the Federated States of Micronesia

The Federated States of Micronesia requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates.
The designs of the plates vary by state, with Chuuk, Kosrae, Pohnpei, and Yap each issuing their own plates.
Although the history of the license plates of these islands is not well known, Chuuk, then known as Truk, had license plates as early as 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="19969490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969490" title="Nicotiana tomentosiformis">
Nicotiana tomentosiformis

Nicotiana tomentosiformis is a perennial herbaceous plant. It is a wild species of tobacco native to the Yungas Valley region in the eastern piedmont of the Andes Mountains, primarily in Bolivia. 
Recent genetic evidence suggests it is one of the parent species of the common domesticated tobacco ("Nicotiana tabacum"), which was hybridized along with the species "Nicotiana sylvestris", and possibly "Nicotiana otophora"

</doc>
<doc id="19969494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969494" title="1997 Asian Super Cup">
1997 Asian Super Cup

The 1997 Asian Super Cup was the 3rd Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 1997 competition was contested by Pohang Steelers of South Korea, who won the 1996–97 Asian Club Championship, and Al Hilal of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the 1996–97 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. 
Route to the Super Cup.
Pohang Steelers.
1Pohang Steelers goals always recorded first.<br>
Al Hilal.
1 Al Hilal goals always recorded first. <br>
2 Al Qadisiyah withdrew <br>
3 Al Nasr withdrew after 1st leg

</doc>
<doc id="19969540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969540" title="Vehicle registration plates of Chile">
Vehicle registration plates of Chile

Chile requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates called "patentes". Formerly, it consisted of two letters followed by four numbers in the format AB-12-34, but combinations were exhausted in September 2007. The system adopted to replace the old one consists of four letters followed by two numbers in the format AB-CD-12. Vowels are not used in order to prevent profanity, and the letter Q is not used because of confusion with the number 0. 
The same system is used in the Netherlands (see Vehicle registration plates of the Netherlands). As in the Netherlands, in Chile the plate provides no information of where the vehicle was registered. 

</doc>
<doc id="19969547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969547" title="David Culler">
David Culler

David Ethan Culler is a computer scientist and Chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of California, Berkeley. He is a Principal Investigator in the Software Defined Buildings (SDB) project at the EECS Department at Berkeley and the Faculty Director of the i4Energy Center. His research addresses networks of small, embedded wireless devices, planetary-scale internet services, parallel computer architecture, parallel programming languages, and high performance communication. This includes TinyOS, Berkeley Motes, PlanetLab, Networks of Workstations (NOW), Internet services, Active Message, Split-C, and the Threaded Abstract Machine (TAM).
Culler earned his B.A. at UC Berkeley and his Ph.D. at MIT. A member of the National Academy of Engineering, he is a Fellow of both ACM and IEEE. In 2003 his work on networks of wireless sensors earned him a place on Scientific American’s annual list of top 50 innovators and Technology Review’s “10 Emerging Technologies That Will Change the World.” More recently, he has received the 2013 SIGCOMM Test of Time Award for PlanetLab, and the 2013 Okawa Prize.
Culler founded Arch Rock, a company that makes wireless networked sensors.
David Culler is the son of noted computer scientist Glen Culler, and the brother of distinguished pure mathematician Marc Culler.

</doc>
<doc id="19969564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969564" title="Waste management in Armenia">
Waste management in Armenia

Armenia is underdeveloped in its waste management and recycling activities. Every year over 700,000 tons of waste are generated in the country.
Landfills.
60 landfills exist in Armenia. No waste sorting, recycling, nor reuse takes place at any of them. Instead, garbage is dumped into a working area and then flattened using a bulldozer to create a layer of garbage 300 centimeters thick.
Nubarashen.
The Nubarashen landfill () is Armenia's largest waste disposal site and is located near Yerevan. It receives almost all of the solid waste produced in the city of Yerevan and its suburbs, which is about 340 tons per day, or 102,000 tons per year. The site has accumulated over 7.5 million tons of domestic waste over 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19969576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969576" title="Chiruvolu">
Chiruvolu

Chiruvolu refers to a village in southern India, in Andhra Pradesh, Krishna District, a few kilometers from the Bay of Bengal, and Indian Ocean, and surname of a family who is descended from there.
Even now a family titled chiruvolu as surname staying there since hundreds of years thjs marcha beautiful lord rama temple constructed nearly two hundred families chiruvolu surnamed participated
The village's web site was accessible in May 2006 but appears to be no longer.

</doc>
<doc id="19969579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969579" title="Nicotiana otophora">
Nicotiana otophora

Nicotiana otophora is a perennial herbaceous plant. It is a wild species of tobacco native to the Andes Mountains of Bolivia and Argentina. 
Recent genetic evidence suggests the possibility that it is one of the parent species of the common domesticated tobacco ("Nicotiana tabacum"), which was hybridized along with the species "Nicotiana sylvestris", and "Nicotiana tomentosiformis".
The evidence for its parentage of "Nicotiana tabacum" is weaker at this time than it is for the other two species "Nicotiana sylvestris", and "Nicotiana tomentosiformis.

</doc>
<doc id="19969580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969580" title="Vehicle registration plates of Lesotho">
Vehicle registration plates of Lesotho

The Kingdom of Lesotho requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. 
Plates are blue-on-white for private vehicles and red-on-white for government vehicles. They follow the format of one or two letters followed by four numbers. Diplomatic Plates are blue-on-white however have the letters CD on them. 
A "mokorotlo", the same colour as the characters on the plate, is stuck onto the plate to show a 5-year validity period. 
Dealer plates are also red-on-white but do not follow the A 1234 standard and do not show the "mokorotlo".
Before 1979, private plates were white-on-black and had an additional preceding 'L' which stood for Lesotho.
References.
World Licence Plates

</doc>
<doc id="19969666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969666" title="Mount Malindang">
Mount Malindang

Mount Malindang is a complex volcano located in the province of Misamis Occidental in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines. The least studied mountain range was formed through several volcanic activities some of which could be historical, evident by the presence of two calderas, surrounded by high rock walls, cinder cones, dome volcano plugs, two sulfurous hot springs, and a crater lake named Lake Duminagat. The amphitheater structures have extensive distribution of volcanic rocks, carbonized wood that are found in pyroclastic deposits. The entire mountain range is dissected by several canyons and ravines making its terrain very rugged and the forested slopes covered with beautiful scenery.
Classification.
Malindang has no known historical eruptions and is classified as inactive by the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology.
Mount Malindang Natural Park.
Mount Malindang and the whole Malindang Mountain Range alluring qualities come from its waterfalls, crater lake and dense virgin forests which host diverse and rare species of flora and fauna. On June 19, 1971, the area was proclaimed as Mount Malindang National Park by virtue of Republic Act 6266. Under the establishment of National Integrated Protected Areas System (NIPAS) in 1992, the park was reclassified and was renamed as Mount Malindang Range Natural Park on August 2, 2002 through Proclamation No. 228. 
The park is encompasses three provinces - Misamis Occidental, Zamboanga del Sur and Zamboanga del Norte - covering an area of of which about or 62% of forest remaining. About are cultivated and inhabited by indigenous people mostly the Subanon tribe.
Fauna.
The national park is known to harbor a rich and unique biodiversity that is yet to be explored. The mountain and its outlying areas, some are unexplored, are home to some of the endemic and endangered species in the Philippines, which include:. 
Economic Importance.
Mount Malindang and its adjoining mountain range is a catchment area which drains water through 49 rivers and streams, and numerous creeks. It provides potable water for domestic, agricultural and other uses to more than one million inhabitants of Misamis Occidental and the eastern parts of Zamboanga del Norte and Zamboanga del Sur.
ASEAN Heritage Park.
Declared as Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Heritage Park (AHP), during the 13th Informal ASEAN Ministerial Meeting on the Environment held October 13, 2011 in Cambodia. The three other Philippine AHPs are Mount Iglit-Baco National Park in Mindoro, Mount Kitanglad Range in Bukidnon, and Mount Apo Natural Park in Davao.
It was officially launched on August 4, 2012, during the 2nd National ASEAN Heritage Park (AHP) Conference, sponsored by the ASEAN Center for Bio-diversity (ACB) at Oroquieta City.

</doc>
<doc id="19969711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969711" title="Dango 3 Kyodai">
Dango 3 Kyodai


</doc>
<doc id="19969719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969719" title="Klamath Union High School">
Klamath Union High School

Klamath Union High School is a public high school located in Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States.
History.
Funding of the school began in 1901 with the first graduate in 1903. The school colors are red and white and a large "K" is marked in white stone on a nearby hill. The construction of the school began in 1927, with the first marching band the following year. KUHS opened with 520 students and had 77 graduates its first year. Paul Jackson was the Principal and Pelican Pete was chosen as the school's mascot.
Academics.
In 2008, 89% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 186 students, 166 graduated, 14 dropped out, 3 received a modified diploma, and 3 are still in high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19969728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969728" title="Culenco River">
Culenco River

Culenco a river of moderate volume that runs from the southern part of the commune of Santa Juana, through the northwestern part of the commune of Nacimiento to its confluence with the Nicodahue River. It has origins in streams from the eastern slopes of the Nahuelbuta Range in the Catirai region to the South of the town of Santa Juana, where it unites several streams from that side of that forested mountain range, and goes towards the southeast to join with the Nicodahue River after a course of more than 35 kilometers, to form the Tavolevo River about seven kilometers from the confluence of the Tavolevo with the Bio Bio River. In its lower part it is more open and fertile. Among the valleys and gorges of its upper part existed some indigenous populations in the early period of the Arauco War, and the fort of San Jerónimo de Millapoa was built there to control them in 1585.

</doc>
<doc id="19969729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969729" title="Eva Cox">
Eva Cox

Eva Cox, AO (born 21 February 1938) is an Austrian-born Australian writer, feminist, sociologist, social commentator and activist. She has been an active advocate for creating "more civil" society. She was a long-term member of Women's Electoral Lobby and is exploring concepts of social and ethical accounting for responsible business enterprises.
Early life and education.
Eva Maria Hauser was born into a Jewish family in Vienna in 1938, less than three weeks before the Anschluss (12 March 1938). She and her family were declared stateless. The following year, her mother Ruth, a final-year medical student, took her to England where she spent the war, technically as an enemy alien. Her father, Richard Hauser, joined the British Army in Palestine, and her grandparents and other relatives took refuge in Sydney, Australia. After the war her father worked for the United Nations Refugee Association in Rome, where Eva continued her schooling for two years, joining her mother’s extended family in Sydney in 1948. It was only in Australia that she started becoming aware of her Jewish identity and the Jewish community. She is now an atheist and a humanist.
Two years after arriving in Sydney, her father began a relationship with the pianist Hephzibah Menuhin, who was at that time married to an Australian grazier, Lindsay Nicholas, and living in western Victoria. Hauser and Menuhin divorced their respective spouses in order to marry, Menuhin becoming Eva's stepmother.
Eva attended the University of Sydney in 1956–57, where she became associated with the Sydney Push. Abandoning university, she travelled in Europe, married an English photographer in 1962, and gave birth to their daughter Rebecca in 1964. She returned to study as a single mother in the early 1970s, graduating with Honours in Sociology from the University of New South Wales in 1974 and becoming a tutor and research consultant in that department. She was part of the feminist magazine "Refractory Girl" in 1980s and became a media spokeswoman. She also became active as an anti-war and feminist advocate. She also established the first Commonwealth-funded after school childcare centre at Glenmore Rd school Paddington.
Career.
In the 1970s, Eva became a spokeswoman for the Women's Electoral Lobby. She was Director of the New South Wales Council for Social Service from 1977–81. Later she helped to found the Women's Economic Think Tank. She was awarded a Churchill Fellowship in 1980.
In 1981 and 1982 she was an adviser to the Federal Shadow Minister for Social Services, Senator Don Grimes. Between 1989 and 1994 she ran a private consultancy, Distaff Associates, with Helen Leonard, and has lectured since 1994 till 2007 at the University of Technology, Sydney, finishing as Program Director, Social Inquiry. She is currently a Fellow of the Centre for Policy Development and Professorial Fellow at Jumbunna Indigenous House of Learning at UTS. .
Her ABC Boyer Lectures in 1995, entitled "A Truly Civil Society" argued that social capital is more important than financial capital. The following year her book, "Leading Women", addressed the problems women face in exercising power. Her current work on social policy looks at how current policies for both Indigenous people and women fail to recognise the value of non material social relationships.
Honours.
She was appointed an Officer (AO) of the Order of Australia in 1995 for her services to women's welfare.
She was named Humanist of the Year in 1997 by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies.
In 2011, she received an Australia Post Legends Award and her face appeared on a postage stamp as part of a series of four stamps honouring women who have advanced the cause of gender equality. The other three women were Germaine Greer, Elizabeth Evatt and Anne Summers.

</doc>
<doc id="19969731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969731" title="Isuka">
Isuka

Isuka can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19969751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969751" title="Stamford station">
Stamford station

Stamford station could refer to:
The following stations also have Stamford in their names:
See also.
<br>And the following frequently confused:

</doc>
<doc id="19969801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969801" title="F road">
F road

F road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19969810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969810" title="J road">
J road

J road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19969839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969839" title="Robinsons Equitable Tower">
Robinsons Equitable Tower

The Robinsons Equitable Tower, formerly known as the Robinsons PCI Bank Tower, is an office skyscraper located in Pasig, Philippines. It was completed in 1997 and stands at 175 metres (574 feet), making it the current 2nd-tallest "complete" building in Pasig, and is one of the highest building in the Philippines. 
The Project Team.
The Robinsons Equitable Tower is owned and developed by Robinsons Land Corporation, the real estate arm of JG Summit Holdings. Originally intended to be a 40-storey condominium project between Robinsons Land Corp. and the former PCI Bank (which later on became Equitable PCI Bank after the merger of Equitable Bank and PCI Bank, hence the name change) and will follow the original model of the Robinsons Galleria complex. It was then changed to a taller office building which is different in design as originally planned. 
The building was masterplanned by the renowned architectural firm Hellmuth, Obata + Kassabaum (HOK), and was designed by Philippine architectural firm W.V. Coscolluela & Associates. R.S. Caparros Associates & Company, an established undertook the structural design consulting for the building. 
Construction Management services were provided by D.A. Abcede & Associates, an established construction management company in the Philippines, the Project Management services were provided by Veldon Corporation Phils. Inc. led by its Project Manager Anthony Gulliver and his Assistant Project Manager Nelson G. Evangelista, MSCE, MBA, MSML, an established project management company, while the general contractor for the project is D.M. Consunji, Inc., one of the largest construction companies in the country.
Design.
The building's exterior made use of green-shaded aluminum high-performance glass curtain walls and punched windows, with a sleek semi-circular and almost cylindrical portion rising from the corner of ADB Avenue and Poveda Drive. The building also has a rooftop master antenna provided for the entire building's communication system needs, and has a distinctive rooftop crown serving as an architectural highlight to the entire building. 
Location.
Strategically situated along ADB Avenue as part of the Robinsons Galleria complex in Pasig, the Robinsons Equitable Tower is accessible and near major destination in Ortigas Center. Part of the complex is the Robinsons Galleria shopping mall, Galleria Corporate Center, and The Holiday Inn hotel. It is also near educational institutions like the Saint Pedro Poveda College; shopping centers like The Podium and SM Megamall; and the Asian Development Bank headquarters. 
With this the building has direct access to more than a hundred shops, dining facilities, banks, travel agencies, appliance centers, service outlets, parcel delivery stations, computer centers, a full-line supermarket and department store, a multi-theater cineplex, a bowling center and a complete family entertainment center.
Amenities.
The building is equipped with a building management system and security system, fire protection safety and CCTV surveillance, ample provision for entrance cables of telephone lines, space provisions for unit owner-supplied variable refrigerant volume (VRV)airconditioning systems, and individual metering systems for effective operation and maintenance. It is also equipped with a centrally located service core housing twelve (12) high-speed passenger lifts and one (1) services lift, and 4 basement and 5 upper-level parking areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19969858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969858" title="L road">
L road

L road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19969869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969869" title="M road">
M road

M road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19969891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969891" title="One (Australian TV channel)">
One (Australian TV channel)

One is an Australian free-to-air high-definition digital television channel, which was launched by Network Ten on 26 March 2009. The channel initially focused on broadcasting sports-based programing and events, changing in April 2011 to more reality, scripted and adventure-based programing aligning to a younger male demographic.
Many Australians have expressed their dismay at this change.
26 March 2009 – 6 May 2011: Sports format.
The channel commenced broadcasting on 26 March 2009 at 7.00 pm in Melbourne (due to live coverage of the Australian Football League) and at 7.30 pm in Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth. The channel, owned by Network Ten, featured nonstop sport content including live sport, sports documentaries and sports-themed movies.
In 2011, the channel began to dilute its all-sport format to include adventure-themed reality programming such as "Ice Road Truckers" and "Black Gold", and a weekly feature-length movie or documentary, usually, but not limited to, a sporting theme. In April 2011, it was revealed that the channel would shift to a more broad general entertainment channel aimed towards a younger male demographic, whilst still featuring sports programming.
One broadcasts in high definition on digital channels 1 and 12. At launch, One replaced the previous Ten HD service and a standard definition simulcast of Ten HD called TenSD2. One HD began broadcasting on Macquarie Media Group's owned and operated Southern Cross Ten regional television stations on Digital Channel 50 at 7.00 pm on 2 July 2009.
One initially also broadcast a standard definition stream on digital channel 11. This broadcast was later replaced by Ten digital multichannel Eleven on 15 December 2010 in preparation for its official launch on 11 January 2011.
7 May 2011 – present: Sport and entertainment format.
It was confirmed on 4 April 2011 that due to unsupportable overheads associated with running the station as an "all-sport" channel, One HD would begin to air more general entertainment programming alongside sport, particularly shows aimed at an older male audience. The changes were intended to make the channel a greater competitor against 7mate, which has a similar scope.
One's updated schedule includes factuals "", "Extreme Fishing with Robson Green", "Airline", "Long Way Round", "Ice Road Truckers", "An Idiot Abroad", "Cops"; dramas "Terriers", "Lights Out", "Sons of Anarchy", "Burn Notice", "Breakout Kings" and "Psych"; and movies "The Last King of Scotland", "28 Weeks Later", "Babylon AD", "Jarhead", "Pitch Black", "Doom", "Hitman", and "The Manchurian Candidate".
By March 2012, sport was very much a secondary focus of One. Sport is generally only on between midnight and lunchtime.
ONE's marquee sport, Formula 1, have been moved to TEN, signalling the end of ONE as a 'sports channel'.
Delayed NBL broadcasts.
In October 2011, it was confirmed that the National Basketball League games would be delayed. This caused an outrage amongst Australian basketball fans, who took to social networks Facebook and Twitter, voicing their concerns.
During the 2012–13 season, some Friday night games were shown live on One at 9.30 pm. Live Sunday games returned to TEN at 2 pm.
Availability.
One is available in 1080i high definition from the network's five metropolitan owned-and-operated stations, TEN Sydney, ATV Melbourne, TVQ Brisbane, ADS Adelaide, and NEW Perth; via television markets/transmissions of: Southern Cross Ten through its owned-and-operated stations, GLV/BCV in Regional Victoria, CTC in Southern New South Wales/Australian Capital Territory, NRN in Northern New South Wales, TNQ in Regional Queensland; and MDV Mildura, TDT in Tasmania and DTD in Darwin, GTS/BKN in regional South Australia, Ten West in regional Western Australia, MGS/LRS in eastern South Australia and CDT in Central Australia (including remote NT, QLD and SA.
One HD is available to Foxtel cable subscribers via its HD+ package, and ONE SD was available on its basic cable service when it was broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="19969919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969919" title="Integrated Overhead SIGINT Architecture">
Integrated Overhead SIGINT Architecture

Integrated Overhead SIGINT Architecture, or IOSA, incorrectly reported to be codenamed Intruder, was a spy satellite system to be operated by the United States National Reconnaissance Office, which would have replaced the Mentor and Mercury systems. The satellites were reported to have been under development in 1995. The Intruder system was designed to combine the electronic signals intelligence (ELINT) and communications intelligence (COMINT) roles of signals Intelligence (SIGINT) spacecraft, which had previously been performed by different satellites, the Rhyolite and Vortex series respectively.
It was reported that "NROL-26" may be the launch designation for the first Intruder satellite. NROL-26 was scheduled to launch in 2005 on a Delta IVH from launch complex Space Launch Complex 37B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, but was delayed due to a number of issues. It launched on 17 January 2009, and subsequently designated USA-202. Documents leaked in 2013 however showed that recent launches had been of Orion satellites - an alternative name for the Mentor series. The same document also confirmed that the reported codename for IOSA, "Intruder", was associated with a different programme; the Naval Ocean Surveillance System.

</doc>
<doc id="19969937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969937" title="N road">
N road

N road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19969953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969953" title="Excelsior Manxman">
Excelsior Manxman

The Manxman was a motorcycle designed and built by H. J. Hatch and Eric Walker of the Excelsior Motor Company in Tyseley, Birmingham. Although it never won the Isle of Man TT, the Manxman was a very popular and reliable motorcycle which was successful in international racing and the Manx Grand Prix. Production was halted by World War II and did not resume.
Development.
The Excelsior Motor Company did not make engines before World War II so Excelsior's Eric Walker worked in partnership with Blackburne's Ike Hatch, building on ideas developed by Rudge motorcycles on four valve engines to develop an entirely new twin camshaft design with pushrod operated valves that they called the 'mechanical marvel'. This was planned as the power unit for a new motorcycle to be called the Marvel and the prototype won the 1933 lightweight TT.
It was decided however, that this engine was too complicated for mass production so the team developed a simpler two valve single overhead cam configuration in 250cc, 350 and 500cc capacities which were all marketed as the Manxman and had the Isle of Man emblem on the engine casing and a bronze cylinder head. Although riders found it heavy, the Manxman handled well and was very reliable - if a bit over engineered.
Road and race versions were produced but the 500 was only ever marketed as a sports roadster. In 1936 a four valve version was developed and won second place in the 1936 and 1937 Lighteight TT races. The Manxman also became a popular choice for the independent TT racers or privateers who went on to achieve many wins until World War II stopped them racing. In 1937 the company developed a shorter-stroke 250 engine and an aluminium-alloy cylinder head with right-hand exhaust port.

</doc>
<doc id="19969981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969981" title="Kenya Agricultural Commodity Exchange">
Kenya Agricultural Commodity Exchange

Kenya Agricultural Commodity Exchange is a private sector firm in Kenya. It was established in 1997. 
The main objective of Kenya Agricultural Commodity Exchange is to facilitate linkage between buyers and sellers, exporters and importers of agricultural commodities in trade. It provide farmers and market intermediaries such as traders, and consumers, with information about market, and other services that enhance their bargaining power and competitiveness in the market place. It also provide a transparent and competitive price discovery mechanism through the operations of the exchange trading floors and apply information and communication technologies for rural value addition and empowerment.
KACE signed an agreement with West Media Limited (WML), owners of the West FM Radio Station located in Bungoma Town in Western Province of Kenya, where they have established an interactive radio program called Soko Hewani which means The Supermarket On Air in Swahili.
This is how the it works. Offers and bids are announced on the Soko Hewani program. Listeners, then bid on the offers through phone, SMS, IVR or e-mail messages. The radio program staff then match the offers and bids as the program is on air, then using mobile phone calls and SMS, or reference back to the specific MRC which submitted the offer or bid for further negotiation and conclusion of deals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19969985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969985" title="R road">
R road

R road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19969993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969993" title="Yanqing Temple">
Yanqing Temple

Yanqing Temple () is a Buddhist temple located to the west of Wutaishan City, Shanxi, China. 
History.
The Yanqing temple was founded during the Jin Dynasty, and its Great Hall also dates from that period. The Great Hall contains three bays, six rafters, and is . The interior of the Great Hall has no pillars; it supports itself using the brackets of two rafters.

</doc>
<doc id="19969994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19969994" title="Massacre of Badajoz">
Massacre of Badajoz

The massacre of Badajoz occurred in the days after the Battle of Badajoz during the Spanish Civil War. Between 573 to 1,341, (although the figure of 4,000 has been suggested by Paul Preston) civilian and military supporters of the Second Spanish Republic were killed by Nationalist forces following the seizure of the town of Badajoz on August 14, 1936.
Background.
The situation in Extramadura had been extremely tense for several months before the Civil War broke out on July 18, 1936. The Republican government had passed an Agrarian Reform Law, which gave the poor farmers, more than 50% of the active population, the right to become owners of the land they worked. This had resulted in a major confrontation between them and the region's major landowners, especially since, in March 1936, labourers in the Badajoz region decided to accelerate the implementation of the law by invading and occupying the farmlands in question.
Since the outbreak of the Civil War, several bloody events had occurred in the area, known as the "republican repression", as a part of the Spanish Red Terror. Queipo de Llano and Juan Yagüe would later justify the massacre at Badajoz as punishment for the republican massacre of Nationalists in the immediate aftermath of the military rebellion. 
In Fuente de Cantos, 56 people were shut in a church on the night of the rebellion, July 18–19. The Church was set on fire from outside. Twelve of those inside died, eight of them burned. This operation was repeated in Almendralejo on August 17, when 28 Nationalist supporters, who had been held in prison, were executed. Eleven Nationalist supporters were executed in Badajoz itself. In all, 243 people were executed in the western part of the province of Badajoz by the republican forces.
The Nationalists also committed atrocities on the march of General Yagüe's column from Seville to Badajoz. In every city conquered by Yagüe's men dozens to thousands of people were killed. 
After the occupation of Fuente de Cantos by Yagüe's column, 325 republicans were executed. Another 403 republicans were executed after the fall of Almendralejo . Between 6,610 and 12,000 persons were killed by the nationalist forces in the western part of the province of Badajoz (including the city of Badajoz itself). Most of the victims were journeymen and farmers The massacre was part of the Spanish "white terror".
The taking of Badajoz.
The occupation of Badajoz occurred during the advance of the rebel army from Andalucía to the north of the peninsula. The assault on the city was vital for the Nationalists, as it would mean the joining of the Army of the south with that of Emilio Mola, which dominated the north. 
Badajoz found itself isolated after the fall of Mérida several days before. The siege of the town was carried out by 2,250 Spanish "legionarios", 750 Moroccan "regulares" and five batteries of artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Juan Yagüe. 
The final assault was made on the evening of August 14, after the city was bombarded from both land and air (by German Junkers Ju 52) for most of the day. Badajoz's recently re-occupied 18th century walls were defended by 2,000 Republican militiamen and 500 regular soldiers led by Colonel Ildefonso Puigdendolas. 
After opening a breach in the walls to the east, at the Puerte de la Trinidad and Puerte de Carros, the Nationalist troops entered the city, and after bloody hand to hand fighting, Badajoz fell to the insurgents.
Accounts of the massacre.
Badajoz fell to the Nationalists on August 14. That day saw many killings of civilians in the streets of the city, including of women and children, especially by the Moroccan troops. 
On the same day, General Yagüe ordered the confinement of all prisoners (most of them civilians) in the town's Bull Ring ("Plaza de Toros") and that night he began executions there. According to articles published in "Le Populaire", "Le Temps", "Le Figaro", "Paris-Soir", "Diário de Lisboa" and the "Chicago Tribune" mass executions took place and the streets of Badajoz became littered with bodies. During the first day, there are accounts that claim that 1,000 people were executed. The American journalist Jay Allen, in his report in the "Chicago Tribune", spoke of 1,800 men and women killed on the first night alone.
On August 15, "Le Temps" reporter Jacques Berthet sent the following report: "around 200 people have been shot by firing squad, we have seen the sidewalks of the "Comandancia Militar" soaked in blood (...) The arrests and mass executions continue in the Bull Ring. The streets are swept by bullets, covered in glass, tiles and abandoned bodies. In the "calle San Juan" alone there are 300 corpses.". 
On August 18, "Le Populaire" published:
"Elvas. August 17. Mass Exections have been taking place all yesterday evening and all of this morning in Badajoz. It is estimated that the number of people executed is more than 1,500. Among the notable victims are a number of officers who defended the city against the entrance of the rebels:Colonel Cantero, commandant Alonso, captain Almendro, Lieutenant Vega and a number of NCOs and soldiers. At the same time, dozens of civilians have been shot around the bull ring".
Also on August 18, François Mauriac published an article about the events in Badajoz in "Le Figaro".
The Portuguese journalist Mário Neves, who witnessed the massacre at first hand, had his report to "Diário de Lisboa" censored by the government of António de Oliveira Salazar, who was an ally of the Nationalists. Neves returned to Portugal, horrified by what he had witnessed and swore that he would never return to Badajoz. He finally did so in 1982, to re-trace his steps in the places where the events had happened for a TV documentary.
Mass executions.
The method of execution used was firing squad or machine-gunning of those who had defended the city or who were suspected to sympathise with the Republic. They were taken by "legionarios", Moroccan "regulares", officers of the Guardia Civil or local members of the fascist Falange party (although there are accounts which state that the Moroccans did not take part in the repression after the battle). Afterwards, the bodies were burned at the walls of the San Juan cemetery. 
According to the testimony of survivors, the executions were carried out in groups and the bodies were then taken by truck to the old cemetery, where the bodies were burned and then deposited in mass graves.
One employee of the city council, interviewed by Francisco Pilo recalled:
There were also firing squads in other areas of the city. Among those executed were men and women who supported the Republic, workers, peasants, soldiers who took part in the battle, local authorities and those merely suspected of belonging to one of these categories.
After the fall of the city, the Mayor Sinforiano Madroñero and his deputy Nicolás de Pablo, both Socialists, crossed the border into Portugal, but they were tracked down by agents of the Portuguese regime and handed over to the Nationalist troops, who executed them without trial in Badajoz on August 20.
Afterwards, testimony was published in "La Voz" (October 20, 1936), in Republican-controlled Madrid, that the executions in the bull ring were like a party for the executioners, with a crowd present, and that some of the victims were even killed in the manner of bull fight (stuck in the back with bandillero lances) and mutilated. This has never been verified, however there is some evidence that sadism was indulged during the massacre. 
After learning of these happenings, the Nationalist propaganda published various other versions of events to try to hide the massacre and several foreign correspondents were threatened or discredited in the press.
Consequences.
The massacre of Badajoz was of great significance in the development of the war. In late August, as the Basque towns of Irun and Fuenterrabia were being shelled from the sea and bombed from the air, the rebels dropped pamphlets threatening to deal with the population as they had 'dealt with' the people of Badajoz. In consequence, panic-stricken refugees headed for France. The publication in the foreign press of the events meant that Franco ordered that such massacres were to cease, as they would harm the image of the rebels. On the other side, Republican propaganda publicised the massacre enormously and used it to justify atrocities on their side, such as the Paracuellos massacre of November 1936.
Arising out of the events in Badajoz, the German Nazi officer Hans Von Frunk, one of the few high ranking German soldiers present with the Nationalist Army of the South, sent a report to Berlin advising against the deployment of regular German troops in Spain. He wrote that he was, "a soldier used to combat, who has fought in France during the Great War, but he has never seen such brutality and ferocity as that with which the African Expeditionary Force carried out their operations. For this reason he advised against sending German regulars to Spain, because before such savagery, the German soldiers would become demoralised." 
Estimates of the death toll.
The massacre is one of the most controversial events of the war, and estimates of the number of victims vary significantly depending on the historian who did the research. In addition, since the Nationalist side won the war, there was never an official investigation into what happened to Republicans in the city after its fall. Most estimates suggest that between 2,000 and 4,000 people were executed. An investigation by the historian Francisco Espinosa has established a list of 1,341 names of victims of the Nationalists in the city of Badajoz, but he said that is only a partial figure and it is incomplete. The true death toll may be higher than this.
Several human rights associations have categorised the events in Badajoz as crimes against humanity. or even genocide. As of 2007 there were several complaints to this effect under such consideration. 
The troops who committed the killings at Badajoz were under the command of general Juan Yagüe, who, after the civil war, was appointed Ministry of the Air by Franco. For the actions of his troops at Badajoz, Yagüe was popularly known as "the butcher of Badajoz". 
According to a census, Badajoz had 41,122 inhabitants in 1930, so if the correct figure of 4,000 executed, the percentage of retaliation would have reached 10% of the population.
The Nationalists tried to conceal the massacre, but some journalists (Mário Neves, Rene Brut, Daniel Berthet, Marcel Dany and Jay Allen) entered Badajoz after the seizure of the town and discovered the executions. Furthermore, Yagüe himself boasted to the American correspondent John T. Whitaker: 
However lower figures have also been suggested. A 2010 study put the death toll at between 500 and 700.

</doc>
<doc id="19970021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970021" title="Tod Johnston">
Tod Johnston

Tod Johnston is an entertainer from Perth, Western Australia. He was born in Sydney, the son of stage actress Jill Perryman and choreographer Kevan Johnston.
After leaving school, Johnston studied at Murdoch University where he gained a degree in environmental science. It was from here that he was introduced to the live music arena.
He has pursued an entertainment career, firstly as lead singer in Perth based band V Capri from 1984 to 1989. He is also a song writer and records his original music under Tod Johnston & The Heartland. His originals have an Australian country flavour.
He has appeared on a number of television shows, starting in the early 1990s at Network Ten as a presenter on "Airplay", "Kid's Company" and presenting weekend weather reports. In the late 1990s he worked at Channel Nine Perth as weather presenter and hosted a segment on the network’s variety show, "In Melbourne Tonight", where he also appeared as a guest vocalist. Later he was a guest host on "Postcards WA". He also worked for the Nine Network Australia as presenter for the series "Wine Me Dine Me".
Internationally, he can be seen on a regular basis on "GMTV" Breakfast Television in the United Kingdom live from Australia.
In 2003, Johnston was the afternoon presenter at 720 ABC Perth radio, replacing Verity James whilst she was on long service leave. He hosted Saturday afternoons and Sunday afternoons with his own radio show, "The Big Weekend", on Perth talkback radio station 6PR.
Johnston currently works in music and entertainment and is in demand as a master of ceremonies throughout Australia. He has a working band, Peace Love & All That Stuff, as well as the jazz combo In The Lounge with Sue Bluck. After around 25 years, the original lineup of V Capri reformed and performed some live shows in and around Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="19970036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970036" title="P road">
P road

P road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19970041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970041" title="Sergio Los">
Sergio Los

Sergio Los (born 1934 in Marostica, Veneto) is an Italian architect and thinker. He is considered one of the main interpreters of the Regional Bioclimatic Architecture, a design philosophy developed during the seventies (1972–1979) at the University Iuav of Venice under the pressure of the environmental and energy crisis. He developed a locally rooted architecture that adapts to the regional circumstances and uses the natural energetic potentials, especially solar energy. Already in 1980 he was extensively contributing to the organisation PLEA (Passive and Low Energy Architecture ), that promotes sustainable architecture on a worldwide scale. 
Through his longtime educational work he has shown many young architects his innovative ideas and many more architecture students with his landmark publications so that there is hope that even more architects and urban planners will use his ideas in the future.
Biography.
The early years.
His artistic formation took place at the University Iuav of Venice with Carlo Scarpa. Between 1964 and 1971 he was involved in a collaboration with Carlo Scarpa, working at the University Iuav of Venice and following many projects in his office. 
He wrote "Carlo Scarpa Architetto Poeta", published in 1967, which was at that time the first book about Scarpa’s architecture. Involved in the Design Process Theories, he introduced in Italy the ideas of Christopher Alexander translating his "Notes on the Synthesis of Form" 1967, and the searches of the Cambridge University Martin Centre, editing and translating the book of L. March and P. Steadman "The Geometry of Environment", 1974.
The Regional Architecture Experience.
Between 1972 and 1979, he develops a regional bioclimatic approach to multi-scale architecture that drives him into designing and constructing some buildings and city plans. Through an experimental design and building activity, he deepen the concept of a sustainable resilient urban fabric, which is based on the network of civic architecture, aimed to produce a local microclimate in the open outdoor spaces. Having tested some realized projects his design solutions were confirmed and transferred through handbooks. He is involved in the development of lectures and a contribution to "The Geography of Architecture" ("The Phaidon Atlas of Contemporary World Architecture").
A Knowledge Civic Architecture.
In the last twenty years, he is involved in increasing the city’s communicative action, compared to the prevailing instrumental action of the actual metropolises. In his view the city is considered as a communicative system, analogous to the language and to other symbolic systems. The city operates for composing a common world, it becomes for its citizens a way of knowing, but sharing the construction of such knowledge. He is pursuing some cooperative design processes that deal with city plans aimed to activate a learning community. He thinks that only communities of citizens can pursue resilient, sustainable cities.
The Academic Career.
• Sergio Los is professor of Architectural Composition at the University Iuav of Venice, now retired.
• Between 1965 and 1971 he taught Interior Architecture at the University Iuav of Venice in Italy. 
• Between 1972 and 1978 he taught Town Design in the Department of Giancarlo De Carlo at the University Iuav of Venice, later between 1979 and 2000 he taught Architectural Composition, showing his main interest in Multi-Scale Architecture.
• From 1970 up to 2000 he is responsible of many research activities for MURST (:it:Ministero dell'Università e della Ricerca), CNR/ENEA (Italy) PFE, EU, International Energy Agency, on the design of a sustainable multi-scale architecture, published in various books and magazines.
Awards.
• In 1996 at Louvain la Neuve, he received the 13° PLEA (Passive and Low Energy Architecture) INTERNATIONAL AWARD with Natasha F. Pulitzer, having pursued in research, teaching, and professional activity the integration of the art and the science of architecture.
• In 1998 at Florence, he received the WREN PIONEER AWARD, for his contribution in the design of a renewable energy architecture.
• In 2003 at Berlin he received the European EUROSOLAS PRIZE, for his career in Solar Architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19970066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970066" title="Da'shade Moonbeam">
Da'shade Moonbeam

Da'shade Moonbeam, is a rapper, poet, stage combat performer, and social worker from Austin, Texas.
Bio and Achievements.
Born Jeffery Johnson Jr., Da'Shade grew up on Austin's east side. As a teenager, he was mentored by Zell Miller III, a social worker and performance artist, who encouraged Jeff to develop his artistic nature. Now entering his second decade as a writer, performer and social advocate in his own right, Da'Shade continues to earn awards and notoriety throughout the United States. He also continues to promote positive change in his local community, primarily through the non-profit social services agencies Lifeworks and Southwest Key.
Da'shade has developed a small but growing following in a wide variety of performance venues, including:
Blacklisted Individuals.
Blacklisted Individuals is a socially conscious rap duo from Austin, TX. Blacklisted was founded in 2003 and consists of Da'shade and fellow Austin rapper Snyp, who have been performing together since 1998. They are most notable for their top 5 finish on Famecast's 2007 hip hop stage, and performed on the finals stage. They also recently released their first album, Rallying the Wolves. Blacklisted Individuals tours regularly throughout Texas and the southwest.
Slam Poet.
A 5 time member (and 3 time champion) of the Austin Poetry Slam team, Da'shade is a 2 time team finalist at the National Poetry Slam (2003 & 2008), with the team finishing 3rd both years. In 2003, he also made the individual finals at NPS, finishing with a ranking of 9th in the U.S. In 2007, Da'Shade represented Austin at the Individual World Poetry Slam, and took 8th in the nation.
In addition, he has featured at many venues throughout the U.S., including Chicago's Green Mill, The Nuyorican Poets Café in New York City, and throughout central Texas, including the Hip Hop Theater Explosion.
In 2004, a yet to be released documentary was filmed about the National Poetry Slam in St. Louis. This film featured Da'Shade and other notable members of the national slam scene including Celena Glenn, Tony Jackson, Anis Mojgani, Zell Miller III, and Andy Buck.

</doc>
<doc id="19970068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970068" title="Koraro">
Koraro

Koraro is a village in north Ethiopia's Tigray Region, located in the Hawzen woreda, near Hawzen, in a cluster of 11 villages with a total of 55,000 residents. This village is located about 16 kilometers from a dry weather road and about 54 kilometers from the main road. Due to such long distances and no communication infrastructure, Koraro is effectively isolated. 
It is in an area surrounded by jagged escarpments and dusty arid land. The Koraro cluster is located in a region which is one of the poorest in Ethiopia, due to a confluence of geographic, political, economic and environmental factors. The 11 villages span an area of several hundred square kilometers, stitched together by extremely poor or non-existent roads, making traveling between the villages and local commercial centers, such as Hawzen and Mekelle, very difficult. Koraro is one of the most remote and isolated sites and suffers from very poor infrastructure and severe drought. The region is semiarid with a short rainy season that lasts from the end of June to the beginning of September.

</doc>
<doc id="19970075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970075" title="T road">
T road

T road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19970134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970134" title="Clotaire Rapaille">
Clotaire Rapaille

G Clotaire Rapaille, or Gilbert Clotaire Rapaille, is a marketing specialist. Born in France, he has a doctorate from La Sorbonne. He moved to the United States in the early 80s. Rapaille is also the CEO and Founder of Archetype Discoveries Worldwide, located in Palm Beach, Florida.
According to archived versions of his website, "Dr. Rapaille's technique for market research has grown out of his work in the areas of psychiatry, psychology, and cultural anthropology" and he "received a Masters of Political Science, a Masters of Psychology, and a Doctorate of Medical Anthropology from the Universite De Paris - Sorbonne." 
However, several elements of his biography, including his client list and the field of his doctorate, were challenged in an investigation conducted by the newspaper Le Soleil in March 2010, following the award of a controversial contract to Rapaille by the city of Quebec. The inaccuracies in his résumé led to the cancellation of his contract.
In addition to his books, he is known for advising politicians and advertisers on how to influence people's unconscious decision making. Rapaille's work identifies the unstated needs and wants of people in a certain culture or country as cultural archetypes.
Personal life.
His wife (Patricia Rapaille) owns a house in Boca Raton, Florida which is for sale for about 12.5 million dollars. But this house was also owned by Dr. Rapaille until 2003.
Early career.
Rapaille has a master's degree in political science and psychology and a doctorate in medical anthropology from the University of Paris–Sorbonne, and a Doctorate in Psychology.
Theories.
Imprints.
Dr. Rapaille developed his theory on the brain after working as a psychologist for autistic children and studying Konrad Lorenz theory of Imprints and John Bowlby theory of attachment. This work led him to believe that while children learn a given word and the idea connected with it, they associate it with certain emotions. He called that primal emotional association an imprint. This imprint determines our attitude towards a particular thing. These pooled individual imprints make up a collective cultural unconscious, which unconsciously pre-organize and influence the behavior of a culture.
Reptilian Brain.
Rapaille subscribes to the triune brain theory of Paul D. MacLean, which describes three distinct brains: the cortex, limbic, and reptilian. Beneath the cortex, the seat of logic and reason, is the limbic, which houses emotions. Camouflaged underneath those is Rapaille's theorized brain—the reptilian.
Rapaille believes that buying decisions are strongly influenced by the reptilian brain, which is made up of the brain stem and the cerebellum. Only accessible via the subconscious, the reptilian brain is the home of our intrinsic instincts. It programs us for two major things: survival and reproduction. Rapaille proposes that in a three-way battle between the cortical, the limbic (home of emotion) and the reptilian areas, the reptilian always wins, because survival comes first. This theory has become the basis for his thoughts on what a product means to consumers on the most fundamental level.
His theory that culture get imprinted into the "Reptilian Brain" during early childhood has been heavily contradicted by scientific evidence. His practice of leading managers into regression sessions to tap into their unconscious in an attempt to discover a "code" word, has also been cited as "primitive".</ref> has been heavily contradicted by scientific evidence.
Collective Cultural Unconscious.
His consumer research seeks to understand what Dr. Rapaille has identified as the "collective cultural unconscious".
In the opening of his book, 7 Secrets of Marketing, he says, "Cultures, like individuals, have an unconscious. This unconscious is active in each of us, making us do things we might not be aware of." This collective cultural unconscious can be further defined as a pool of shared imprinting experiences that unconsciously pre-organize and influence the behavior of a culture.
Research Methods.
Rapaille's claim of technique of "archetype discovery" stems from the psychoanalytic methods pioneered by the Viennese psychologist Ernest Dichter. This technique doesn't ask what people want, but why. These research methods focus on finding what he calls the “code”, the unconscious meaning people give to a particular product, service or relationship. Rapaille posits that sublimated emotional memories occupy a place between each individual's unconscious (Freud) and the collective unconscious of the entire human race (Jung).
Controversy.
Rapaille was hired in February 2010, at the approximate cost of $300,000, by Quebec City's mayor Régis Labeaume to analyze the city's image on an international level.
But an article published by Pierre-André Normandin in Le Soleil de Québec revealed that Rapaille's client list and CV contained several falsehoods and exaggerations. Following those revelations his contract with Quebec City was terminated. The mayor terminated his contract early on March 29, 2010. Although he did not deliver, he negotiated with the city and got paid almost the entire sum.
Rapaille stated during his investigation he said that the city of Quebec has a masochistic side to it. He also claimed his mother listened to Félix Leclerc during WW2, before Felix Leclerc (a French-Canadian singer-songwriter and political activist) recorded his first album in 1951.
Rapaille and the tobacco industry.
Rapaille Associates worked on Philip Morris's Archetype Project, an effort to study the emotional reasons why people smoke, presumably so the company could better leverage these emotions in advertising and promotions. Rapaille noted that typically peoples' first experience with smoking involved seeing an admired adult do it, and having feeling that that they were excluded from the activity and strongly wanting to be included. Rapaille ultimately linked smoking with adult initiation rituals, risk taking, bonding with peers and the need for kids to feel like they belong to a group and can partake in an "adult activity." His study states,
Rapaille's report recommended to PM's marketing department the following findings:
Recommendations based on the Archetype:
Rapaille's recommendations explain why PM supports—and advertises widely that it supports—restricting sales cigarette sales to minors and moving cigarettes out of reach of kids.

</doc>
<doc id="19970155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970155" title="Lists of windmills in Sussex">
Lists of windmills in Sussex

Sussex is traditionally split into two halves, East Sussex and West Sussex. Lists of windmills in Sussex are contained in the following articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19970174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970174" title="N'Dama">
N'Dama

N'Dama are a breed of cattle from West Africa, of the Bos taurus-type. Other names for them include Boenca or Boyenca (Guinea-Bissau), Fouta Jallon, Fouta Longhorn, Fouta Malinke, Futa, Malinke, Mandingo (Liberia), N'Dama Petite (Senegal). Originating in the Guinea highlands they are also found in southern Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Gambia, Mali, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, Nigeria and Sierra Leone. They are trypanotolerant, allowing them to be kept in tsetse fly infested areas. They also show superior resistance to ticks and the diseases they carry and to Haemonchus contortus stomach worms.
In the 19th century N'Dama cattle were imported to the Caribbean Island of St. Croix from Senegal, and later crossed with Redpolls to form the Senepol breed.
Reproduction.
The age of first calving is 3.5 years in Upper Casamance and is slightly lower in Lower and Middle Casamance. The calving interval is 16 to 17 months in Middle and Upper Casamance and roughly 19 months in Lower Casamance with eighty percent of calving taking place in the last six months of the year. The abortion rate is 10 to 20% which leaves an average calving rate of 56%. Calves are weaned at around 12 months and castration, when it occurs, is at about three years. Annual mortality rate of 12% overall with 30% for calves under one year, 15% for one to two-year-olds, 5% for two to three-year-olds and 2% for adults. 

</doc>
<doc id="19970176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970176" title="List of windmills in West Sussex">
List of windmills in West Sussex

A list of all windmills and windmill sites which lie in the current ceremonial county of West Sussex.
__TOC__
Sources.
Unless stated otherwise, the source for all entries is ' or ' Online version

</doc>
<doc id="19970191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970191" title="Senebsumai">
Senebsumai

Senebsumai was an Ancient Egyptian official. He dates to the thirteenth dynasty and he held important administrative offices during the reign of Sobekhotep II that began ca. 1760 BC through the reign of Neferhotep I that ended ca. 1730 BC. 
The earliest known records of his career identify Senebsumai as "high steward"; later he became "treasurer". He held offices during the period now described as the Second Intermediate Period of Egypt. This period followed the collapse of the brilliant Egyptian twelfth dynasty, which came to an end around 1803 BC with the death of Queen Sobekneferu, who apparently had no heirs. This sudden change closed the Golden Age of the Middle Kingdom, which was succeeded by the much weaker thirteenth dynasty. Retaining the seat of the preceding dynasty, the thirteenth dynasty ruled from Itjtawy ("Seizer-of-the-Two-Lands") near Memphis and el-Lisht, just south of the apex of the Nile Delta. The power of administrative officials in the northern portion of Egypt rose with its loss of native royal succession and would gain in strength until native rulers from Thebes regained authority over all of Egypt, establishing the New Kingdom and the eighteenth dynasty in 1550 BC. 
Senebsumai is known from a remarkable series of monuments, the preservation of which makes him the best attested Egyptian official of the thirteenth dynasty. He is known from more than twelve stelae all coming from Abydos. Most of the stele show Senebsumai with other, lower officials in scenes depicting them as they performed work for him. 
There are more than thirty scarab seals identified to date that relate to Senebsumai. This also is the highest number of seals for a thirteenth dynasty official. All of these finds reinforce an understanding of his longevity in offices held and the respect given to him. 
Several other artifacts have been discovered at important Ancient Egyptian sites that are associated with Senebsumai. Fragments of accounts mentioning him were found in El-Lahun. A bronze statue of him was found at Hawara. A relief or a coffin fragment with coffin texts bearing his name and titles is recorded from finds at Dahshur.
An important colleague of Senebsuamai was the high steward Ameny.

</doc>
<doc id="19970230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970230" title="VVO2max">
VVO2max

vVO2max (velocity at maximal oxygen uptake) is an intense running pace which can be maintained for only about six minutes. This is the minimum speed for which the organism's maximal oxygen uptake is reached (after a few minutes of exercise at this intensity); at higher paces, additional power is entirely delivered by anaerobic processes. At this pace, blood lactate in the muscles reaches levels around 8-10 mM. 
The vVO2max of world class middle and long-distance runners may exceed 24 km/h (14.9 mph or about 4:00/mile pace), making this speed slightly comparable to 3000 m race pace. For many athletes, vVO2max may be slightly slower than 1500 m or mile race pace. 
Training.
Research by Véronique Billat has shown that training at vVO2max pace improves both VO2max and the economy required to maintain pace at this intensity. 
Training at vVO2max takes the form of interval workouts. For example, 3 x 1000 m with 3 minutes recovery between each repetition.
Determining vV02max from VO2max.
The formula from Léger and Mercier links the VO2max to the vVO2max, supposing an ideal running technique. 
where vVO2max is in km/h and VO2max is in mL/(kg•min).

</doc>
<doc id="19970233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970233" title="LittleBigPlanet 2">
LittleBigPlanet 2

LittleBigPlanet 2 is a puzzle-platformer video game, centred around user-generated content. The game is developed by Media Molecule, published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe for PlayStation 3. It was originally scheduled for release in November 2010 but was delayed until January 2011. The game was released in North America on 18 January 2011, in mainland Europe on 19 January 2011, in Australia and New Zealand on 20 January 2011 and the UK and Ireland on 21 January 2011.
It is a direct sequel to the critically acclaimed 2008 title "LittleBigPlanet" and the third game in the series following a PSP version released in 2009. Most of the more than 3 million levels created by users in the first game carry over and are playable and editable in "LittleBigPlanet 2". Unlike its predecessor, which was marketed as a platform game, "LittleBigPlanet 2" was marketed as a "platform for games". Support for PlayStation Move was added to the game through a software update in September 2011, allowing users to play the game using the PlayStation Move motion controller in conjunction with a Navigation Controller or gamepad.
Story.
Players continue Sackboy's journey after the events of the first game and the portable version are brought to an end. An inter-dimensional vacuum cleaner called the Negativitron appears over the skies of LittleBigPlanet and begins to suck up its inhabitants, including Sackboy. Larry Da Vinci (Robbie Stevens), the leader of a semi-secret semi-organised group known as "The Alliance", comes to Sackboy's rescue, saving him from the Negativitron (Jeremy Mayne). The organisation is dedicated to battling with the Negativitron and defeating it before it destroys Craftworld (Alternate name for game's environment). 
After Sackboy passes the tests in Larry's Hideout, he tells him that they must get to Victoria Von Bathysphere's (Judy Sweeney) Laboratory, since she has built a Sackbot army for the Alliance.
However, the moment they get there, the Negativitron attacks and sucks up some of the lab and the Sackbots, mutating some of them into Meanies. Victoria, after escaping on her train, tells the group that they need to get into the factory and shut down the machine making the Meanies. After shutting it down, though, the Negativitron makes the machine come alive into a spider-like creature that scales the wall of the laboratory. After destroying the machine, they find out that the Negativitron has taken the Sackbots to The Factory Of A Better Tomorrow.
Upon arriving, Sackboy and Larry find the factory's owner Clive Handforth (Barry Meade) hiding in a can after the Negativitron took over the place. The Sackbots have become enslaved inside the factory, prompting them to rescue as many as they can. When trying to escape from the factory, one of Clive's guard-turkeys escapes and tries to stop them from leaving the factory with the Sackbots. After losing him, Sackboy, Larry, and Clive take the Sackbots to Avalonia for re-training.
In Avalonia, Avalon Centrifuge (Colin McFarlane) takes Sackboy on a training course to learn combat using his machines. Half-way through, though, the Negativitron attacks Avalonia and spreads Meanies throughout. After rescuing the Sackbots among the wreckage of the facility, they get loaded back onto Huge Spaceship and prepare to leave Avalonia, but a Meanie warship attacks the ship. Even though Sackboy defeats the warship, Huge Spaceship crashes and is in need of repair, but only one creator can make it fly again. Victoria suggests the great inventor Dr. Herbert Higginbotham (Ewan Bailey), but Clive tells them that when he was at his factory, he was infected by a Meanie during the Negativitron attack. Avalon sends Sackboy and Clive to Eve's Asylum for the Mentally Alternative to liberate Higginbotham.
When they arrive, it turns out that the asylum is under attack by Meanies. Eve Silva Paragorica (Jules de Jongh) asks them to help save the asylum and the patients within, then she will lead them to Higginbotham. After clearing out the Meanies in the asylum, they find Higginbotham. Eve proposes that they should get rid of the infection by shrinking Sackboy and sending him into Higginbotham's head. Even after clearing the infection, Higginbotham still appears to be insane. Upon their return to Avalonia, Higginbotham repairs Huge Spaceship, but as they are about to leave, Avalon decides to make a speech, and is abducted by the Negativitron. 
While traveling through the Cosmos to find the Negativitron's core, they are attacked by the Negativitron who vacuums up parts of the ship, damaging it. Sackboy is sent to launch the escape pods to get the machines and the Sackbots out, and then escape. Huge Spaceship crashes on the Negativitron's core planet and is shut inside a forcefield. Larry Da Vinci sends out a message for Sackboy to help them, and after finding a White Sackbot Knight and rescuing him, he finds one of the Robobuns and uses it to rescue the Alliance. After defeating a giant robot that was holding Avalon hostage, they make their way to the Negativitron's core. The Negativitron shows up and launches his army of Meanies and guard-turkeys at them, but the Sackbot Army defends the Alliance members. The Negativitron tries to discourage them from fighting him by saying "If you destroy me, you destroy yourselves", but is defeated after a long and dangerous battle with Sackboy and the rest of the Alliance. The Alliance congratulates Sackboy for rescuing them and saving Craftworld, and they decide to return home.
Gameplay.
While still retaining the three-layer, 2.5D nature of the original title, with the player controlling their Sackboy characters, players are not restricted solely to platforming levels, and can now choose to create many types of levels including racing, puzzle and role-playing games. The player may also choose to create and customise their own heads-up display to accommodate their game type. New animation recording options are available and players are able to create full-motion cut-scenes to go with their level design, manipulate the camera for both cut-scenes and gameplay, and record their own sound effects for use in the level. As well as including a wide selection of original and licensed music, the game also includes a robust music sequencer. Multiple levels can be linked together, so that finishing one level immediately takes the player to the next in the series.
A new tool to assist in gameplay creation is the "Controlinator" (formerly the "direct control seat"). This allows players to assign specific actions, such as button presses or Sixaxis motion control, to specific aspects of their gameplay design. Players are not restricted to using the controlinator on level elements, however, and they may use it to direct the actions of the player's Sackboy character, allowing greater freedom of movement; Media Molecule made this design choice in response to the large number of homages to early platforming games, in which players had to "hide" and manipulate the Sackboy character in specific ways to replicate the style of gameplay. In addition to this tool, more gameplay items, similar to the "Metal Gear Solid" paintball gun released as downloadable content, are available including a grappling hook, the "Creatinator" - a hat which is worn by Sackboy and can be configured by the Creator to fire any object - and the "Grabinators" which allow Sackboy to pick up and throw grabable objects. Media Molecule plans to regularly update the game with further items.
Enemy creation has also been improved. Players can now create "Sackbots", which are non-player characters whose AI can be controlled by the level creator. Options include determining weak points on the Sackbots, as well as programming routines for the AI to follow. Sackbots can be customised using costumes and decorations in the same way that the player character is and the AI for may be copied and pasted between multiple Sackbots. Sackbots may also be controlled by the aforementioned controlinators.
All downloadable content from the first game is usable in this sequel, as are most user-made levels from "LittleBigPlanet". As of June 2013, almost 8 million levels have been uploaded and created for both the LBP games on PS3.
Community.
Shortly before the release of the game a new community website was launched with the aim of enabling users to find and share in-game creations more easily. "LBP.me" allows players to search and browse community-made levels from both "LittleBigPlanet" and "LittleBigPlanet 2". Every level is allocated a unique URL which users can copy and share with other people. When signed into the website with their Sony Entertainment Network account, users may add levels to their 'Queue' enabling them to find the level quickly when they're in the game and connected to the game's servers. If the user is playing "LittleBigPlanet 2" and isn't currently in a level a "Play Now" button becomes available on the website which sends a command back to the game to navigate instantly to the selected level.
Website owners may use a selection of widgets to add live data from the game to any website. A public API is also available but access to it is provided by the game's developers on a case-by-case basis.
On 17 February 2011 a community-made semi-official level pack named "Hansel and Gretelbot" was released. The series of levels, based loosely on the fairytale of Hansel and Gretel, was created by a team of community members who were approached by Media Molecule and asked to collaborate and attempt to make a set of levels that could match the quality of the game's story levels. The series, created using only the in-game tools, features original music, voice acting and prizes.
Development.
The game was first hinted at by a Sony representative in March 2010, who stated that the game was in production and would support PlayStation Move controllers, and in April 2010 by musician Ochre who revealed one of his songs had been licensed for the game. It was then formally revealed by video game magazines "Edge" and "GameInformer" in their June 2010 issues. On 8 May 2010 Media Molecule officially confirmed that they were developing "LittleBigPlanet 2" on their Twitter account and hinted that the game would be formally revealed on Monday 10 May 2010. On 10 May 2010, the official website launched an announcement webpage and news article announcing the game with game details and an announcement trailer. The announcement was also made on the PlayStation Blog with a Q4 2010 release date. Numerous gaming websites reported about the game when an embargo lifted, including EuroGamer and IGN.
In October 2008, BBC reported before the original game was released that Media Molecule had already begun development of a sequel to "LittleBigPlanet". The statement was later clarified in an interview with IGN, in which Siobhan Reddy of Media Molecule stated, "we see "LittleBigPlanet" as a platform... There will be a lot of additional content and it will vary in size and what it does. And we've already started that, yes." The "huge emotional investment" users have made in "LittleBigPlanet", Alex Evans stated, is the reason he does not want to ship a traditional sequel. Because they don't want all of the user-generated content to be made obsolete, their focus was to "expand the game without partitioning the audience".
In July 2008, Media Molecule mentioned that should there ever be a "LittleBigPlanet" sequel that the game would feature backwards compatibility with the original game's user-created levels. In November 2009, Media Molecule Level designer Danny Leaver said that a sequel would fragment the LBP community, calling it "the most counter-productive thing you could do".
On 23 March 2010, IGN reported "LittleBigPlanet 2" was in production and would support the upcoming PlayStation Move controller. Sony later denied this report saying that future content for the original title would be compatible with PlayStation Move. Later on in May, along with the release of the trailer, Sony confirmed that "LittleBigPlanet 2" would be compatible with Move. Keyboard and mouse support in Create mode was initially announced however it was later confirmed that this feature was not included in the game at launch.
Stephen Fry narrates the game as he did with the first one.
On 8 December 2010, Media Molecule posted an article entitled "The Music of "LittleBigPlanet 2"" in their official blog, in which they revealed the identities of the composers who had created original music tracks for the game. The list of seven composers included Paul Thomson, Richard Jacques, Winifred Phillips (with her music producer Winnie Waldron), Baiyon, Keith Tenniswood, Daniel Pemberton and Media Molecule's audio designer, Kenneth Young.
Media Molecule was asked in an IGN Q-and-A session how Move will be added into the game in future updates, the company revealed that they are working on integrating motion controls into the Play, Create and Share modes of the game: "The exciting thing to do with Move is, we're working on a play-create-share pack. We're still in the R&D phase and working out what the features will be, but it will be announced in a little while and we’re really excited. In the same was as in ["LittleBigPlanet"], you have the Controlinator and you can remap the controls, you'll be able to do the same thing with Move. It'll also allow the community to make their own Move games and that's very cool." A software update allowing users to play the game using PlayStation Move was released in September 2011. A premium DLC pack titled "Rise of the Cakeling" was released shortly after and added new story levels and tools for creators enabling them to create PlayStation Move games.
Launch.
The "Arcade" genre trailer was released just one day before the game's launch, showing several new gaming genres, including action, sports, and adventure genre. A behind the scenes video was also released, this video was shot as the game was about to go gold. The launch trailer was released on 21 January 2011, and is a tribute to the history of video gaming, as told from Sackboy's perspective. A TV ad was released, which showcased the new in-game features, and highlighted how diverse and global the "LittleBigPlanet" community is. A "Share" was also released, which showcased how to share the "LittleBigPlanet 2" fun.
On 17 January 2011, Sony handed "LittleBigPlanet 2" to selected gamers as they attempted to break the Guinness World Record of 50 hours of consecutive game play. The Guinness World Record of 50 hours of consecutive game play and four other records was broken after two days.
Customers who had the game on week one were given the "1 week only" DLC (only available the first week), which consist of Launch Day "Space Suit" and "Rare" T-Shirt. As a special offer, customers who showed that they have checked in on Sony Style Store Foursquare received an autographed cover from Media Molecule and Limited Edition DLC. The offer was only available on 18 and 19 January.
Major updates and downloadable content packs.
On 15 February 2011, Media Molecule released software update 1.01. The first patch for the game, dubbed "Cupcake", addresses a number of technical issues which were affecting online play.
On 3 August 2011, Media Molecule released the Toy Story Level Kit, which is the first DLC pack to feature playable levels since the release of "LittleBigPlanet 2" in January. The premium pack includes 9 Toy Story themed levels, 5 materials, 10 decorations, 6 objects, 149 stickers and the Toy Story Alien Costume, which had previously only been available as a bonus for preordering LittleBigPlanet 2 from Best Buy, and bundled in the LittleBigPlanet 2 Collector's Edition. The pack also includes music composed by Winifred Phillips and produced by Winnie Waldron. The music includes three new Toy Story-themed music tracks, one of which is an interactive track. In a review of the music on Gamertell.com, assistant editor Jeremy Hill said "Even without ["LittleBigPlanet 2"] backing it up, these songs can stand on their own", and Simon Smith of Higher Plain Music described the musical score as "Utterly charming and disarming it'll have you beaming in no time." The music received a score of 4/5 from reviewer Juanjo Ramos of Criticas de Cine.
On 7 September 2011, software update 1.06 was released. This patch added support for the PlayStation Move motion controller. A downloadable content pack released the following week includes new story levels and creation tools, enabling users to create their own Move-based games and levels.
Marketing and release.
"LittleBigPlanet 2" was originally scheduled for release in November 2010, but was delayed until January 2011. The game was released in North America on 18 January 2011 in mainland Europe on 19 January 2011, Australian and New Zealand on 20 January 2011 and in the UK and Ireland on 21 January 2011. On 21 December 2010 SCEA PR Manager, Eric Levine, confirmed that the game has "gone gold", meaning the game was 100% finished and had been signed-off by SCE QA.
The "LittleBigPlanet 2 Story Mode Demo" was made available as a free download from the PlayStation Store on 21 December 2010 in North America and on 22 December 2010 in Europe. The demo includes 3 levels from the game's story mode. Each of the levels in the demo demonstrates one of "LittleBigPlanet 2"'s new features: The Grapple Hook in the "Tower of Whoop" level, the Controlinator in "Avalon’s Advanced Armaments Academy" and the Creatinator in the "Rocket Funland" mini-game.
The auto manufacturer, Toyota, offered free sponsored content when "LittleBigPlanet 2" launched, including a free XMB theme and a special Prius-themed level. The downloadable add-on included collectible items which players could use to build their own creations to win "some very cool prizes."
On 19 January 2011, Sony made a Home Square makeover. Cardboard and carpet transformed the familiar Home Square into an environment where Sackboy will feel right at home, in the European version of the PlayStation 3's online community-based service, PlayStation Home.
7-Eleven offered exclusive downloadable content for "LittleBigPlanet 2" in exchange for Slurpee purchases in stores in the U.S. at the end of January 2011. 7-Eleven was also featuring "LittleBigPlanet 2" themed Slurpee cups. Each Slurpee cup bear a unique code, allowing a download for "LittleBigPlanet 2" content (and other Slurpee rewards), such as a dynamic theme for the PlayStation 3 system, the "Slurpee Sticker Pack", the Strategy Guide, the Sackboy Backpack for PlayStation Home, several ringtone, a behind the scene video, and a creator video. The promotion runs until the end of March 2011.
Pre-order bonuses.
There were several pre-order offers through several retail outlets. Each pre-order consists of four costumes from the "Even More Animals" pack and up to two "special" costumes from Disney/Pixar and Insomniac Games. Which of the "special" costumes the player received depended upon where they pre-ordered the game. The costumes on offer were "Ratchet & Clank" costumes, "Toy Story" Alien costume, a "Tron" suit or The Muppet's The Great Gonzo costume.
Retail editions.
Alongside the standard edition of the game, there are several other versions of the game exclusive to certain countries and/or regions around the world. All of the special edition versions of the game are sold in limited quantities and contain a copy of the game as standard or in special packaging.
SCEA marketing manager, Mark Valledor, announced a "Collector's Edition" for North America in July 2010. The "Collector's Edition" for North America includes a copy of the game, a 7-inch Sackboy plushie, five PlayStation Network avatars, "LittleBigPlanet 2" bookends and 11 in-game costumes.
SCEE product manager, Alex Pavey, told the readers of the PlayStation Blog in November 2010 that there will also be a "Collector's Edition" released in Europe which different from the North American version. The "Collector’s Edition" for Europe comes with different box art, the "Collector’s Edition" copy of the game comes in SteelBook case packaging. It also includes seven in-game costumes and five PSN avatars. There are four other in-game costumes: Jak and Daxter and Ratchet & Clank. These will be available through retailer-specific pre-order incentives, but details of these have not yet been announced. The "LittleBigPlanet 2 Collector's Edition" will be available in different ways across Europe and the other PAL countries.
The "Collector's Edition" for Australia is very similar to the "Collector's Edition" for Europe. It comes with the SteelBook packaging, eleven downloadable Sackboy costumes and five PSN Avatars. It also included a 7-inch Sackboy plushie as a pre-order bonus.
In the UK, a console bundle is available which consists of a 320GB PlayStation 3 console, a DualShock 3 controller and a copy of the standard edition of the game.
Exclusive for North America, a "Special Edition" was released in November 2011. This edition includes the standard edition of the game, PlayStation Move support, "Move Pack: Rise of the Cakeling" (5 new levels and 7 mini-levels), "Disney/Pixar Toy Story Level" and "Costume" packs, and "Pets Costumes" (the "Dogs", "Cats", and "Even More Animals Costume" packs). The "Special Edition" was also included as a pack-in game with the 2011 holiday 160GB PS3 system bundles in North America.
A "Extras Edition" was originally set to be released in February 2013 but was delayed until March 2013 exclusively for Europe. This edition features the original game and a range of bonus content previously released as DLC. Bonus content consists of such as the "Cross-Controller Pack", "Move Pack: Rise of the Cakeling", and the "The Muppets Premium Level Kit". The edition also includes plenty of costumes as "The Muppets Costume Pack 1", "Weekend Pursuits Costume Pack", "Deep Sea Adventures Costume Pack", "Sports Costume Pack", "Dogs Costume Pack", and the "Cats Costume Pack".
Reception.
"LittleBigPlanet 2" has received universal acclaim from critics. "PlayStation Official Magazine" (UK) gave "LittleBigPlanet 2" a perfect 10/10 score. They praised the redesigned creation tools as "simple-to-grasp, all with huge potential" and said the game overall was "hugely improved" over the original. IGN's Greg Miller scored the game 9.0/10, complimenting the amount of variety found in "LittleBigPlanet 2"s story mode. He went on to commend the new creative tools, stating that the "focus of creating games in the game really shines through", referring to the new tool-set as "mindboggling deep". Miller did however reserve some criticism for some of the same "frustrations" from the first game which are still present in the sequel, such as "floaty" jump controls. 
Eurogamer scored the game 9/10 commenting on its "achingly pretty" visuals and looking optimistically on the game's community, saying "there is little doubt that "LBP2"s online servers will play host to some extraordinary content". "PlayStation Universe's" Adam Dolge states that "the soundtrack is simply wonderful, while the art style is moody with a vaudevillian flair." "Paste Magazine's" Kirk Hamilton singled out the game's backward compatibility with user-created levels from the first LittleBigPlanet, and also praised the game's "musical soul", both in its "eclectic collections of licensed music" and in its "outstanding original score." "Edge" gave "LittleBigPlanet 2" 9/10 commenting on the game's "dramatic and funny" cutscenes, created with the in-game tools. They also praised its more focused, witty and imaginative story levels as well as the new creation tools, saying in closing, ""LBP2" represents a dazzling new opportunity for creating deep, diverse and ingenious play."
Sales.
In the UK, "LittleBigPlanet 2" debuted at number one on the UK All Formats chart, then fell to number two in its second week of sales. According to ChartTrack, the original "LittleBigPlanet" sold 95 more copies than "LittleBigPlanet 2" managed at it debut week. "LittleBigPlanet 2" remained the UK's biggest-selling PS3 game for two weeks in a row. In Japan the game debuted at number five, selling 24,648 copies and in North America it topped the North American software sales in its debut week. "LittleBigPlanet 2" was ranked number four on NPD's sales charts for January 2011, selling over 353,000 units in its first couple of weeks. On Black Friday in November 2011, "LittleBigPlanet 2" sold over 400,000 copies. According to SCE, "LittleBigPlanet 2" was one of the most popular games on PlayStation 3 in 2011.
Awards.
"LittleBigPlanet 2" was nominated for a 2011 Golden Joystick Award in the 'Best Action/Adventure' category. The game received a nomination as "Best PS3 Game" in the 2011 Spike Video Game Awards.
The "Victoria's Lab" music track from "LittleBigPlanet 2" was also nominated for a 2011 Hollywood Music in Media Award in the 'Best Song in a Video Game' category.
Kotaku named the score of "LittleBigPlanet 2" as one of the best video game soundtracks of the year. In the article "The Best Game Music of 2011: LittleBigPlanet 2", features editor Kirk Hamilton praised both the collection of licensed tracks and the original score, singling out the music of composer Winifred Phillips (and particularly her track "Victoria's Lab") as his favorite original music of the game, and the "Infotain Me" licensed track from electronic musician Ochre as capturing "the essence of the game".
"LittleBigPlanet 2" was nominated for the 10th Annual Game Audio Network Guild Awards in the category 'Best Use of Licensed Music'.
"LittleBigPlanet 2" was nominated for the 2011 Game Developers Choice Awards in the category of 'Best Audio', which recognizes the overall excellence of audio in a game - including musical composition, orchestration, sound design, sound effects, etc.
"LittleBigPlanet 2" was nominated for the 15th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards in the categories of 'Outstanding Achievement in Original Music Composition', 'Outstanding Achievement in Online Game Play', and 'Family Game of the Year'.
The 10th Annual Game Audio Network Guild Awards nominated the original music track, "Victoria's Lab" from "LittleBigPlanet 2" in the category of 'Best Original Vocal - Pop'. The track was composed by Winifred Phillips and produced by Winnie Waldron.
At the 2011 BAFTA Video Games Awards, "LittleBigPlanet 2" won in the Family and Best Innovation categories.
Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves.
"LittleBigPlanet Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves" is a "LittleBigPlanet" spin-off developed by SCE Worldwide Studios' XDev team, which can be played with two to five players and requires a PlayStation Move controller and a PlayStation Eye Camera. One player uses the PlayStation Move motion controller as a pointing device to manipulate the environment by triggering switches and moving platforms, while the others play using a gamepad to control Sackboy in the usual way. Although billed as a PlayStation Network game, "Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves'" narrator introduces it as a "demo". It features ten prehistoric-themed levels and was released on the PlayStation Store in North America on 7 December 2010, and in Europe on 8 December 2010 for PlayStation Plus subscribers. It was made available to other users in North America on 14 December 2010 and in Europe on 15 December 2010. The game was also bundled with LittleBigPlanet 2 when it was released in January 2011.
Reception.
Due to the unconventional release of the game, "Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves" has not been widely reviewed as a standalone product. Greg Miller from IGN scored the game 6.5/10, describing it as more of a tech demo of the PlayStation Move's functionality, rather than a fully-fledged game. He also criticised the game's lack of lasting appeal as there are no prizes or costumes to collect. Miller did however say "If you have a bud who is as into "LittleBigPlanet" as you are, you're going to have fun" and that the game could act as a good demonstration piece for the PlayStation Move. Eurogamer scored the game 7/10 and said that "there's not a great deal of substance" and criticised the use of the "LittleBigPlanet" engine instead of "LittleBigPlanet 2"s enhanced features, but tempered it by saying "when you've got a game that already looks as lovely as this one does, I'm sure you'll be able to live with that." GamesRadar also criticised the game's length; ""Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves" is a very capable game; there's just not that much "game" to go around.", the reviewer was also puzzled about the use of the original "LittleBigPlanet" engine in a game released next to the enhanced "LittleBigPlanet 2" and summed up by saying "Overall, Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves is a strange beast. It's too good to be a demo, too short to be a game, too outdated to be a preview and imbued with too much care and character to be passed off as a PS Move advergame.", and scored the game as 7/10.
Applications in education.
Media Molecule are working in conjunction with ConnectED, a branch of Sony Computer Entertainment focussed on the education sector, to develop a "LittleBigPlanet 2" teachers' kit for use in the classroom. The pack will feature levels themed around National Curriculum subjects including physics, maths, science, art and history and is designed to help engage students in these subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="19970238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970238" title="G Anil Kumar">
G Anil Kumar

G. Anil Kumar (born 1972, Bangalore, India) is noted Indian journalist, columnist and writer. He is Editor-in-Chief of Karmaveera, a 90 year old Kannada weekly. Earlier he was Associate Editor of Samyukta Karnataka, the oldest Kannada daily. He is also founder-editor of its widely acclaimed Saturday supplement for children called "Kindari Jogi".
He has contributed many articles to Indian and foreign newspapers, magazines and websites. Trained in computer engineering, G Anil Kumar was with the booming software industry in 1990s. Later he changed his field of work to form a think tank with N. S. Rajaram in Bangalore. Before joining "Samyukta Karnataka" he was associated with "Times of India", Kannada daily "Usha Kirana" and many other papers and magazines. He was also a founder director of a policy research organization.
Kindari Jogi.
G Anil Kumar has created ripples in Kannada journalism by creating a unique, educational magazine for school going children called `Kindari Jogi’, a Kannada name for famous `Pied Piper’. 
It was felt that children were not getting the required attention of the mainstream media, especially in Indian languages. In this era of celebrity-centric journalism, young students are not getting anything useful from the media. So, in April 2007 he started a special 8-page, all-color, attractive weekly educational supplement for the young readers.
From the day one, this Saturday supplement of Samyukta Karnataka has become a great hit beyond everybody's expectations. Unique content, catering to the specific needs of the students (in the age group of 9–16 years) with international quality and good design & printing are the hallmark of 'Kindari Jogi’.
Thousands of schools have welcomed it with great enthusiasm. They are offering `Kindari Jogi’ to their students as a supplementary material to their regular textbooks. A simple, dedicated, concerned and, of course, tailor-made approach to kids’ infotainment needs has now created a great revolution in Karnataka.

</doc>
<doc id="19970250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970250" title="James Brown (footballer born 1862)">
James Brown (footballer born 1862)

James Brown (31 July 1862 – 4 July 1922) was an English association football player of the Victorian era. Born in Blackburn, he played for Blackburn Rovers and was part of the team that won the FA Cup in three successive seasons between 1884 and 1886 (captaining the side in 1885 and 1886), as well as appearaing on the losing side in 1882. He scored goals in both the 1885 and 1886 cup finals. 
Brown was capped on five occasions by the England national team. His debut was against Wales on 26 February 1881, and he scored his first goal against Ireland on 18 February 1882. His last cap was versus Scotland on 21 March 1885. He scored three goals in total for England.

</doc>
<doc id="19970253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970253" title="List of windmills in East Sussex">
List of windmills in East Sussex

A list of all windmills and windmill sites which lie in the current ceremonial county of East Sussex.
__TOC__
Locations formerly within East Sussex.
For windmills in Lamberhurst see "List of windmills in Kent".
Sources.
Unless stated otherwise, the source for all entries is ' or ' Online version

</doc>
<doc id="19970263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970263" title="Fort Nepean">
Fort Nepean

Fort Nepean is a former defensive facility occupying part of Point Nepean, Victoria, Australia. It was part of a network of fortifications, commanded from Fort Queenscliff, protecting the narrow entrance to Port Phillip.
Background.
Following the 1875–76 Royal Commission into the Volunteer Forces, the Victorian Government invited the Director of Works and Fortifications in London, Lieutenant General Sir William Jervois, to Victoria to further advise on Victoria's defences. He arrived in 1873 accompanied by the Colonel Scratchley. Their joint report recommended that the basic defences for the Colony should be concentrated on the Heads, and consist of fortifications at the entrance to the Bay and on the shoals between the main shipping channels.
Fortifications and guns.
Fortifications and barracks were built on Point Nepean from 1873 and gun batteries were installed in 1886. By the 1890s Fort Nepean was known as "Victoria's Gibraltar". The barracks housed a Company of the Royal Victoria Volunteer Artillery Regiment.
1878–1880.
The first coastal defence guns on the site were four 80 pounder Rifled Muzzle Loading guns in two temporary sandbagged batteries. These were moved into more substantial earth emplacements from 1880.
1886–1890.
Ten gun emplacements were constructed between 1886 and 1890 but not all had guns installed. By 1890 there were four 6 inch breach loading (BL) disappearing guns, two BL 9.2 inch (234 mm) Mk VI breech-loading 'counter bombardment' British Armstrong guns, a 4.7 inch quick firing (QF) gun and a QF 14 pounder. One of the former 80 pounder emplacements was used as an observation post and one new emplacement was used as an armourer's store.
Two of the same type of BL 9.2 inch (234 mm) Mk VI gun were installed at Fort Queenscliff. One each of the guns was installed at Ben Buckler Gun Battery, Signal Hill Battery, and Steel Point Battery in Sydney. The barrel of the Signal Hill gun is on display at the Royal Australian Artillery Museum at North Fort, North Head, in Sydney. The Ben Buckler gun has been recovered and is awaiting restoration.
1907–1915.
From 1911 the fort was manned by the newly renamed Royal Australian Garrison Artillery and the Royal Australian Engineers. With war in Europe looming, longer range 6 inch Mk VII guns replaced the 9.2 inch guns. One of the 6 inch BL guns was removed and the 14 pounder was moved to Fort Queenscliff. The 4.7 inch QF gun was removed and the emplacement fitted with a searchlight, along with an engine house to generate electricity. The remaining gun emplacements were renumbered – the Mk VII guns were numbered A1 and B1, and the 6 inch BL guns numbered F1 and H1.
1939–1942.
Light anti-aircraft guns were deployed at the fort in 1939. The remaining 6 inch BL guns were removed in 1940. The A1 and B1 emplacements were renumbered F1 and H1 respectively, and fitted with concrete hoods.
World Wars.
The first Australian shots (many sources report the first Allied shots) of both World War I and World War II were fired from Fort Nepean.
On 5 August 1914, the German ship SS "Pfalz" attempted to escape from Port Phillip. Within minutes of being notified that war had been declared, Lieutenant-Colonel Sandford at Fort Queenscliff gave an order to Lieutenant C Morris, the Fire Commander at Fort Nepean, to "stop her or sink her". After the "Pfalz" ignored signals to halt, the B1 gun fired across her bow. The "Pfalz" then turned around and the crew was arrested at Portsea.
At 1.30am on 4 September 1939, within hours of war being declared, the A1 gun fired across the bow of a ship which failed to identify itself. The ship then identified as the Australian freighter SS "Woniora".
These were the only occasions any of the Port Phillip batteries fired in anger.
After World War II.
With the removal of coastal artillery after World War II, the guns were dismantled and sold for scrap. The barrels of the historic Mk VII guns which fired in anger were retrieved from the Port Wakefield artillery proving ground and a scrap yard at Brooklyn, Victoria in the 1960s and returned to the fort.
National Park.
The area was opened to the public in 1988 upon the formation of the Point Nepean National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19970272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970272" title="G road">
G road

G road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19970276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970276" title="H road">
H road

H road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19970300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970300" title="I road">
I road

I road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19970307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970307" title="Rowing South Africa">
Rowing South Africa

Rowing South Africa is sport governing body for rowing in South Africa. 
The body was established by its Constituent Members to manage, promote, coordinate, control, discipline and plan the future development of the sport at national and international levels. Despite a high level of rowing at the junior level, RowSA has consistently failed to convert this talent to anything meaningful in the senior level. The coaches have themselves frequently never rowed at a high level - something that is somewhat unique to South Africa. 
South Africa has consistently been one of the worst performing nations at the Olympic Games when considering the ratio of participants to medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19970317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970317" title="1893–94 FA Cup">
1893–94 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1893–94 was the twenty-third edition of the world's oldest football knockout competition, The Football Association Challenge Cup, or FA Cup. The cup was won by Notts County of the Football League Second Division, who defeated Bolton Wanderers 4–1 in the final to win the cup for the first and, to date, only time.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
Final.
The 1894 FA Cup Final was a football match played on 31 March 1894. The final was contested by Notts County and Bolton Wanderers. Notts won 4–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19970322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970322" title="Hermann Weiser">
Hermann Weiser

Hermann "Bibl" Weiser (22 November 1918 – 21 March 1970) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Weiser was born on 22 November 1918 in Ottenau, Baden. He joined the Hitler Youth in 1932 and was awarded the Hitler Youth Honour Medal.
At the end of 1937 he joined the SS, service number 351 242 and was assigned to the "Deutschland" Regiment. He was later transferred to the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" and given command of the 2nd Motor Cycle Company in the Reconnaissance Battalion. Hauptsturmführer Weiser distinguished himself as the leader in the Third Battle of Kharkov and for his personal bravery and decisive leadership which led to the capture of the Russian forces defending the town of Valki, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Weiser eventually became the adjutant of the 1st SS Panzer Corps.
Later life.
He died 21 March 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19970338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970338" title="1970 Major League Baseball Draft">
1970 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1970 Major League Baseball draft.
"*" Did not sign
Background.
The regular and secondary phases of the January draft proved more fruitful to major league clubs than the June draft. Those selected in the regular phase in January included Chris Chambliss (Cleveland, 1st round), Greg Minton (Kansas City, 3rd round) and Joel Youngblood (Cincinnati, 2nd round). In the secondary phase, Doug DeCinces was selected by Baltimore in the 3rd round, Rick Burleson by Boston in the 1st round, Bill Madlock by Washington in the 5th round and Chris Speier by San Francisco in the 1st round.
Catching prospects were a popular selection in June. Of the first four picks in the regular phase, three were catchers. San Diego took Mike Ivie as the draft's number one selection, Montreal tabbed Barry Foote with the 3rd pick and Milwaukee chose Darrell Porter with the draft's 4th selection. The Chicago White Sox may have had the most productive June draft selecting pitchers Terry Forster (2nd round) and Rich Gossage (9th round) in the regular phase and infielder Bucky Dent (1st round) in the secondary phase.

</doc>
<doc id="19970340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970340" title="Netmums">
Netmums

Netmums is a UK based family of local websites set up and run by mothers. It includes a discussion forum and provides support and advice for parents on a national level.
History.
Netmums was set up in 2000 by Siobhan Freegard, Sally Russell and Cathy Court.
Content.
Netmums is a network of 151 local sites that cover the whole UK providing information on places to go, things to do, education, childcare, and community, social and employment issues.
Parent supporters.
Netmums launched the Parent Supporters, PS, campaign in 2008 with money from the UK Government. Since the launching of the service in the middle of March 8, over 2,500 parents have been helped with nearly 4,000 different problems.
Netmums campaigns.
Netmums gives a voice to families where it matters in order to highlight collective opinions to decision makers.
Overarching all its work in 2011, the Real Parenting Revolution calls for a societal understanding and acknowledgement of the challenges facing parents.
Throughout 2011, Netmums will be campaigning for support to be there where and when parents need it.
250 children's centres are set to close or be downgraded. However, Netmums are supporting local parents to show them that they can take a stand and importantly, make a difference.
5,900 Netmums completed a survey to show what matters most to mums and what issues are likely to affect their voting decisions in the 2010 general election.
Netmums has been campaigning for improvements in maternity services for over two years.
Netmums is calling upon the government and primary care trusts to take account of the concerns of parents, and the organisations that represent their needs and views, and to reverse this decline.
Over the past three years netmums has conducted three studies which have looked at different aspects of postnatal depression and anxiety.
Netmums books.
Netmums has also published eight books "Feeding Kids" (2007), "How to Be a Happy Mum: The Netmums Guide to Stress-free Family Life" (2007), "Toddling to Ten: Your common parenting problems solved" (2008), "Your Pregnancy: The Netmums Guide to Having a Baby" (2009), "Baby's First Year: The Netmums Guide to Being a New Mum" (2009), "Baby Sleep Solutions" (2010), "Getting Ready to Start School" (2010), and "You and Your Tween" (2011).
"How to be a Happy Mum" and "Toddling to Ten" both appeared on the Nielsen BookScan Top 30 Family Books List in 2009.
In the media.
Director Siobhan Freegard has a good relationship with GMTV and BBC Breakfast, often appearing as a representative of mums today, or writing comment pieces for the newspapers.
Netmums is cited as a place for mums to seek support in desperate times in an article on how social networking sites can save lives.
Siobhan Freegard, founder of Netmums was invited by The Independent as the voice of mums to comment on the Gordon Brown/Piers Morgan interview.
Siobhan was invited onto the Gaby Logan show to talk about the power of petitions, highlighting further the work Netmums are doing in campaigning for the Top Ten Issues mums care about as shown in our recent '3 Men and a Baby' politics survey.

</doc>
<doc id="19970344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970344" title="Venesat-1">
Venesat-1

Venesat-1, also known as Simón Bolívar, is the first Venezuelan satellite. It was designed, built, launched, controlled and monitored by the CGWIC subsidiary of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation. It is a communications satellite, which will be operated from a geosynchronous orbit. It was launched on a Chinese Long March 3B carrier rocket, from LA-2 at the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre, at 16:53 GMT on 29 October 2008.
Venesat-1 will be operated by Venezuela's Ministry of Science and Technology. It carries 12 G-band (IEEE's C band) and 14 J-band (IEEE Ku) transponders. It has a mass of , and an expected service life of 15 years. It is based on the DFH-4 satellite bus. The satellite occupies an orbital slot, 78-West, designated for Uruguay and ceded to Venezuela by mutual accord.

</doc>
<doc id="19970368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970368" title="Milly Childers">
Milly Childers

Emily Maria Eardley Childers (1866 – 1922), known as Milly, was an English painter of the later Victorian era and the early twentieth century. 
She was the daughter of Hugh Culling Eardley Childers, a prominent Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister of his generation. Little is known about Milly Childers's early life; she began exhibiting her art around 1890. After her father's 1892 retirement from public service, father and daughter traveled together through England and France; Milly Childers painted landscapes and church interiors. Her father's social and political connections brought his daughter some commissioned work, including as a restorer and copyist for Lord Halifax at Temple Newsam.
One of Childers' best-known works is a portrait of her father; another is her own self portrait (1889). Other of her better-known works are "Children Playing Hoops in the Street, Arromanches" and "The Pannier market, Barnstaple". Her style shows influences from the Impressionists.

</doc>
<doc id="19970381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970381" title="Slaley">
Slaley

Slaley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19970395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970395" title="Emmanuel Omodiagbe">
Emmanuel Omodiagbe

Emmanuel Arewan Omodiagbe (born October 19, 1985) is a Nigerian football offensive allrounder currently playing for Nigerian club Warri Wolves F.C.
Career.
In January 2006 he moved from Bendel Insurance F.C. to Heartland F.C. where he was on trial with the club. However, the transfer fell through due to problems with the fee and the agent's share,so he returned to the Naze Millionaires. He joined Warri Wolves at the start of the 2010-11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19970407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970407" title="Jegichagi">
Jegichagi

Jegichagi is a Korean traditional outdoor game. It requires the use of people's foot and "Jegi", an object used to play jegichagi. Jegi looks like a badminton shuttlecock, which is made of a small coin (quarter size), paper, or cloth.
In Korea, children usually play alone or with friends in winter seasons, especially on Lunar New Year. Briefly explaining the rules, the player kicks a jegi up in the air and keeps on kicking to prevent from falling to the ground. In a one-to-one game, a player with the most number of consecutive kicks wins. In a group game, the players stand in a circle, and take turns kicking the Jegi. Players who fail to kick the Jegi upon receiving it and let it drop to the ground lose. As a penalty, the loser tosses the jegi at the winner so that he can kick it as he wishes. When the loser catches the jegi back with his hands, the penalty ends and he can rejoin the game. This has developed, and people combined two or three materials and made new ways of playing jegichagi. Though Jegichagi used to be a game mostly played in winter, it has become a year-round game.
History.
Although there is no written record about the origin of Jegichagi, historical legends states that the game was developed from young martial artists’ training which involved kicking a small leather pouche. Jegichagi has been developed in a different way.
Samguk Yusa, a collection of Korean historical legends, states that Goguryeo people was good at Cuju, which was eventually developed to be jegichagi in Korea. Also, it says that Kim Yushin of Silla stepped on and tore off Kim Chunchu's otgoreum, two long ribbon ties in Korean traditional costume, under the mask of playing jegichagi and had his sister sew it back on. Through that event, Kim Yushin's sister eventually married and became wife of Kim Chunchu, later Muyeol of Silla.
How to Make Jegi.
Traditional way to make Jegi.
Things to prepare: 1 Korean traditional paper ("Hanji"), 1 Coin with a hole in the middle("Yeopjeon")
1. Fold the paper in half (Horizontally)
2. Place the coin in the middle of the folded paper 
3. Fold the paper several times again with the coin still inside the paper
4. Use something pointy to make a hole through the paper (match it with the coin's hole) 
5. Insert each end of the folded paper into the hole
6. Unfold the ends and tear it into thinner strands
Easy way to make Jegi [http://www.dynamic-korea.com/news/view_news.php?uid=200800239963&main=KTD&sub=HRT&keyword=jegichagi].
Things to prepare: plastic bags or wrapping tissue paper, 2~3 coins, string, scissors, and scotch tape.
1. Pile the coins and tape them together
2. Prepare the plastic bag by cutting into a square about ~25 cm wide
3. Place the coin at the middle of the plastic bag
4. Hold the coin inside the plastic bag and tie it using a string 
5. Cut the untied part of the plastic bag into thinner strands(~1.5 cm) using scissors.
Rules and Kinds of Jegichagi.
Basic Rule.
Players kick the jegi (paper shuttlecock) into the air using instep of the foot. The winner of the game is the player who kicks jegi the most times without letting it fall.
Kinds of Jegichagi.
According to Korean Jegichagiai Association, there are 6 kinds of single or multiplayer jegichagi game: Putting into the target, kicking jegi farther, putting in a basket, running while kicking, jegichagi with performance, and jegi volleyball.
1. Putting into the target: On a 1.6m diameter circle on the ground, draw four smaller circles 20 cm each like archery target.
Keep distance from the target at least 5m. Within 30 seconds, the player kicks the jegi into the air at least 3 times, then hit the target with the jegi.
From the center, the score is given 120, 90, 60, 30 and if the jegi is not hitting the target, 5 points is given. Players try 3 times with switching the foot each time, the winner is the one who scored the most.
2. Kicking far: Kick the jegi into the air 3 or more times within 30 seconds, then kick the jegi as far as the player can to the front. Repeating 3 times with switching the foot each time, the winner goes to the player with the most score in sum.
3. Putting in a basket: On a pillar with height of 150 cm, set a 20 cm x 20 cm x 20 cm basket. The player kicks the jegi into the air 3 or more times and then kick the jegi into the basket.
4. Running while kicking: 40m single or round trip can be played. For each 10m player runs, the player should switch his foot. If the player drops the jegi, he should go back to the last 10meter-line and continue playing.
5. Jegichagi with performance: In a 5m x 5m square on the ground, each player kicks the jegi with performance. At least 3 judges should watch and the score is given in average of them.
6. Jegi volleyball: 3 to 5 players make a team. Set a net with 120 cm height. Each team players should kick the jegi upon the net to the opposite side. For 3 players' game, the squre should be 5m by 5m, (7m x 7m for 5 players) The rule is very similar to common volleyball. When the player is in defence position, he can use any part of his/her body except hands. 
The first team who earn 7 points wins each set, and there are 5 rounds in a game.
Different Ways to Play Jegichagi.
1. Hullangyi(헐랭이): Use of the inner side of the foot to kick 'jegi' while the other foot balances the body. The foot used to kick jegi should remain in air without touching the ground.
2. Ddangganghji(땅강아지): Similar to #1; however, the foot kicking jegi touches the ground each time before kicking again.
3. Left-right foot(우지좌지): Similar to #2, but both feet are used to kick Jegi alternatively with either the inner surface of both feet (or one inner and the other outer)
4. Appchagi(앞차기): Use of the top of the foot to kick jegi. 
5. Ditbalchagi(뒷발차기): Use of the top lateral side of the foot to kick jegi.
6. Kigeegi(키지기): Each lift of Jegi must be higher than one's own height.
7. Mulgeegi(물지기): Continuously kicking jegi and catching it with your mouth.
How to Select Jegi and Practice.
What is a good Jegi?
The most important factor of good Jegi is its weight. If it is too light, it is very hard to control Jegi since it falls to the ground before the next kick is ready. However, if it is too heavy, it is hard to kick the jegi high enough. Thus, a good Jegi should be the one of proper weight. (About 10g)
Practice using a tied Jegi..
Because it is difficult to do Jegichagi at a first try, it is very helpful to use a tied Jegi. Simply you tie one end of the string to a jegi and the other end to somewhere high enough to hold the jegi in the air. In this way, you can continue hitting it without having to pick up the jegi every time it falls to the ground. Even if you do not kick it properly, the Jegi will always come back to a good position.
Practice while holding your pants..
Beginners have a habit of placing the arm towards the front while kicking Jegi with the thought that the arm helps balancing the body. However, it does not. Thus, if you are using the right foot to kick jegi, it is better for your right hand to hold the right side of your pants when doing Jegichagi.
Effects of Jegichagi..
1. Improves leg's muscular strength.
2. Improves agility.
3. Improves concentration.
4. Prevents obesity.
5. Improves patience and stamina.
The fact that Jegichagi uses muscles you rarely use stimulates the brain coordinated to those rarely used parts. Especially, the movement of right and left side of the body equally uses the right and left brain.
Jegichagi Today.
In 2000, Korean Jegichagi Association was founded to make new rules in order to fit this traditional game well into today’s generation. Although Jegichagi is well known as many of other famous traditional games in Korea, the game is losing its popularity. In effort to keep traditional Jegichagi alive within children’s mind, the Board of Education in South Korea ordered Jegichagi as one of the required activities in physical education courses in school, usually 3rd or 4th grade.
In August 2011, an American company released a children's toy called Kikbo based on the Jegichagi.

</doc>
<doc id="19970423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970423" title="1996 Grand Prix Hassan II">
1996 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 1996 Grand Prix Hassan II was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Complexe Al Amal in Casablanca in Morocco and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from March 25 through March 31, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19970427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970427" title="Filippovia knipovitchi">
Filippovia knipovitchi

Filippovia knipovitchi, the smooth hooked squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae and the sole member of the genus Filippovia. It is found in the Antarctic and Atlantic Oceans, and reaches a mantle length of 35 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="19970439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970439" title="Braki, Poland">
Braki, Poland

Braki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowa Sucha, south-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19970444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970444" title="Road designation or abbreviation">
Road designation or abbreviation

A road designation and a road name abbreviation are easy ways to refer to a road.
The road designation can be created from the original road name or constructed from the road type and number. Road designations are used especially to have a non-ambiguous system of labeling roads on maps and road signs.
Use of letters.
Letters are often used in road designations to indicate a class of roadways, which are distinguished from each other by a road number. The way such letters are used depends on the country or other political jurisdiction which contains and controls the road. For instance, among A1 motorways, the one in Spain has a minus sign between the A and the 1 (Autovia A-1) while in Germany the Autobahn 1 is written A 1, with a space between the A and the 1. In Argentina there are zeros between the A and the 1 (Autopista A001).
Road systems.
Depending on the country, the letter attributed to a road may be part of a road grading system, be a shortening for a type of road especially in a foreign language or refer to a geographical zoning system, such as the Appalachian Development Highway System or the county highway systems of California, Iowa, and Michigan in the United States.
Existing road systems.
National systems.
Australian M, A, B, C, D system.
M is for primary roads, A for single carriageway interstates, B for secondary highways, C for roads linking small settlements and D for unsealed roads linking very small remote towns.
British M, A, B, C, D, U system.
M stands for "motorway" while A, B, C, D are grades of roads, and U means "unclassified".
Cyprus A, B, E, F system.
A stands for motorway and B is for main roads. E and F are for smaller local roads.
French A, N, D system.
A stands for "autoroute" (motorway), N for "national road", D for "départementale" road and C for "communale".
German A, B system.
A stands for "Autobahn" (motorway), B for "Bundesstrasse" (federal road).
Senegal N, R system.
N stands for "national" roads while R is for "regional" roads.
Slovak D, R system.
D stands for "diaľnica" (motorways) while R is for "rýchlostná cesta" (expressways).
South African N, R, M system.
N stands for national road, R stands for regional road and M stands for metropolitan road.
Vietnamese QL, TL, HL system.
QL stands for "quốc lộ" (national road); TL and ĐT stand for "tỉnh lộ" and "đường tỉnh" (provincial road); HL stands for "hương lộ" (rural district road); and ĐCK stands for "đường cặp kênh" (canal towpath).

</doc>
<doc id="19970447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970447" title="Pretoria Portland Cement Company">
Pretoria Portland Cement Company

Pretoria Portland Cement Company Limited or simply PPC Cement is a South African cement producing company with eight manufacturing facilities and three milling depots in South Africa, Botswana and Zimbabwe. These facilities are capable of producing more than seven million tons of cement products each year.
The company supplies cement to the building and construction industry, concrete product manufacturers, hardware stores and DIY centres. Related products sold include aggregates from the company's Gauteng quarries at Mooiplaas and Laezonia, and in Botswana.
PPC Lime supplies metallurgical-grade lime, burnt dolomite, limestone and related products in southern Africa. It operates one of a lime plant Lime Acres in the Northern Cape, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19970463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970463" title="Hypoadrenocorticism in dogs">
Hypoadrenocorticism in dogs

Hypoadrenocorticism is a condition where there is decreased secretion of adrenocorticotropic hormone. In dogs, it's typically suffered by middle-aged female dogs. In some cases, this is a chronic deficiency for which there is no treatment, in others mineralocorticoid and glucocorticoid therapy is initiated. The causes for hypoadrenocorticism are usually idiopathic, but to some extent it is regarded as an autoimmune disease.
Etiology.
Primary.
Primary adrenocortical insufficiency is the more common form of hypoadrenocorticism. It involves a deficiency of both mineralocorticoid and glucocorticoid secretion. Most cases are classified as idiopathic, although immune-mediated adrenocortical destruction is a likely cause. Bilateral destruction of the adrenal cortex by neoplasia (e.g. lymphosarcoma), granulomatous disease, or arterial thrombosis can also cause primary adrenocortical insufficiency. The destruction is progressive, although variable in rate, ultimately leading to complete loss of adrenocorotical function. A partial deficiency syndrome may occur initially, with signs manifested only during times of stress (e.g., boarding, travel, surgery).
Secondary.
Secondary adrenocortical insufficiency involves only a deficiency of glucocorticoid secretion. Destructive lesions (e.g. neoplasia, inflammation) in the pituitary gland or hypothalamus and chronic administration of exogenous glucocorticoids or megestrol acetate (cats) are the most common causes.
Clinical Features.
Hypoadrenocorticism is typically a disease of young to middle-aged (mean, 4 years; range, 2 months to 12 years) female dogs. No significant breed predilection exists, although genetics probably play a role in Standard Poodles and Portuguese Water Spaniels. The disease is rare in cats. There exists no apparent gender predisposition in cats, but young to middle-aged cats (average, 6 years) are most often affected. 
Clinical Signs and Physical Findings.
The most common clinical manifestations are related to mental status and gastrointestinal function; they include lethargy, anorexia, vomiting, weight loss, and weakness. Additional findings may include dehydration, bradycardia, weak femoral pulses, and abdominal pain. Polyuria and polydipsia, diarrhea, and shivering are occasionally reported. 
Addisonian crisis.
If hyponatremia (low sodium) and hyperkalemia (high potassium) are severe, the resulting hypovolemia, prerenal azotemia, and cardiac arrhythmias may result in an Addisonian crisis. In severe cases, the patient may be presented in shock and moribund. Addisonian crisis must be differentiated from other life-threatening disorders such as diabetic ketoacidosis, necrotizing pancreatitis, and septic peritonitis.
Diagnosis.
Hypoadrenocorticism is often tentatively diagnosed on the basis of history, physical findings, clinical pathology, and, for primary adrenal insufficiency, characteristic electrolyte abnormalities.
The ACTH stimulation test does not distinguish between primary adrenal insufficiency and secondary insufficiency or adrenocortical destruction caused by mitotane overdose. Differentiation between primary and secondary adrenal insufficiency can be made by periodically measuring serum electrolytes, baseline endogenous ACTH, or possibly serum or plasma aldosterone during the ACTH stimulation test.
Treatment.
Aggressiveness of therapy depends on the clinical status of the patient and the nature of the insufficiency (glucocorticoid, mineralocorticoid, or both). Many dogs and cats with primary adrenal insufficiency are presented in Addisonian crisis and require immediate, aggressive therapy. In contrast, secondary insufficiency often has a chronic course.
Addisonian crisis.
Treatment is directed towards (1) correcting hypotension, hypovolemia, electrolyte imbalances, and metabolic acidosis; (2) improving vascular integrity, and (3) providing an immediate source of glucocorticoids. Rapid correction of hypovolemia is the first priority.
Most patients show dramatic improvement within 24 to 48 hours of appropriate fluid and glucocorticoid therapy. Over the ensuing 2 to 4 days, a gradual transition from IV fluids to oral water and food is undertaken, and maintenance mineralocorticoid and glucocorticoid therapy is initiated. Failure to make this transition smoothly should raise suspicion of insufficient glucocorticoid supplementation, concurrent endocrinopathy (e.g. hypothyroidism), or cocurrent illness (especially renal damage).

</doc>
<doc id="19970466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970466" title="Czyste (disambiguation)">
Czyste (disambiguation)

Czyste is part of the Wola district of Warsaw.
Czyste may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19970467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970467" title="Kiviat">
Kiviat

Kiviat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19970469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970469" title="1997 Grand Prix Hassan II">
1997 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 1997 Grand Prix Hassan II was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Complexe Al Amal in Casablanca in Morocco and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from March 24 through March 30, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19970483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970483" title="Minibond">
Minibond

Minibond is a brand name for a series of structured financial notes issued in Hong Kong and Singapore under the control of Lehman Brothers. It is a misnomer to describe the Minibond as credit-linked note because of the Synthetic Collateralised Debt Obligations hidden in the three-layered structure (as all series of Minibonds issued in 2004 and thereafter are). The term "Minibond" is also used to refer to other likewise structured Notes, namely Constellation Notes and Octave Notes, respectively issued in Hong Kong under the direction of DBS Bank and Morgan Stanley. These Notes, coupled with Minibonds and other Equity-linked Notes issued by Lehman Brothers, are sometimes officially referred to as "Lehman-related securities". For the sake of completeness, Lehman Brothers arranged 3 "Special Purpose Entities" (hereafter "SPE") to issue Minibond-like Notes in Hong Kong from 2002 to 2008. Minibonds are issued by Pacific International Finance Limited, and the Notes issued by the other 2 SPE are branded "ProFund Notes" and "Pyxis Notes". Unlike the Minibonds which have a three-layered structure, these latter Notes feature 2 layers of notes bundled together with prominence given exclusively to one so as to obscure the nature and importance of the other.
Background.
Minibond is a brand name for a series of structured financial notes issued in Hong Kong under the control of Lehman Brothers. It is a misnomer to describe the Minibonds as credit-linked note because of the Synthetic Collateralised Debt Obligations hidden in the three-layered structure (as all series of Minibonds issued in 2004 and thereafter are). Full details of the Minibonds (plural expression herein refers to more than one series or all the series) are unavailable to the general public – even the note-holders because of the secrecy and other barriers put up by the relevant governmental authorities, and the financial and professional institutions. Those who have or ought to have the full details but refuse to disclose to the note-holders are the Securities and Futures Commission (hereafter "SFC") and Hong Kong Monetary Authority (hereafter "HKMA") of Hong Kong SAR; the HSBC Bank USA NA as Trustee of the series; the PricewaterhouseCoopers as Receiver appointed by the Trustee; as well as all the distributing banks and brokerages. The concerted action to keep the details of Minibonds secret by the regulators, trustee, distributors, and Lehman Brothers is consequential on the imperative to obscure the real causes of the systematic and widespread mis-selling that lasted for more than 6 years.
This article is divided into the following parts: firstly, how a Minibond is structured and how it is disclosed for the purposes of sales and regulatory compliance; secondly, what the relevant governmental authorities have been doing since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in purported performance of their respective statutory duties; thirdly, what the victims have been doing in trying to secure their legitimate interests. 
A few words about truthfulness and objectivity of this article are apposite. While every effort will be made to refer to authoritative accounts of events, the fact is that accurate information in the public domain in respect of the Minibonds and their aftermath is scant and sketchy. The secrecy imposed by the industry players is designed to, and has the effect of, obscuring the true structure and nature of Minibonds thereby facilitate manipulation of public perception as to what happened. The overwhelming majority of victims, approximate 60% of the total of around 40,000, are known to be retirees, elderly and those without education. Neither the SFC nor the HKMA is willing to address how sizeable is the category of "vulnerable customers". At any event, this group of vulnerable victims is easily intimidated, misled, and swayed; as will be detailed below. The inability of this group to make informed judgment seriously weaken any political pressure the rest of the victim body could muster.
Minibond Structure.
While it is literally true that prospectuses of Minibonds are available at the official website of SFC (www.sfc.hk/sfcCOPro/EN/sfcUnlistedByIssuerServlet?ACT=P), it is practically misleading because the existence and availability of other documents constituting the so-called "underlying security" (i.e. the CDO) tied to each series of Minibonds are never properly made explicit by the SFC. Indeed, the SFC has persistently refused to acknowledge the importance of the CDO, let alone accounting for its complexity in any meaningful detail. After the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 that gradually brought into light the dubious (if not illegal) practices of the financial institutions concerned, the SFC and HKMA have each published their reports on 31 December 2008 (www.sfc.hk/sfc/doc/EN/general/general/lehman/Review%20Report/Review%20Report.pdf).
The report by HKMA is here (www.info.gov.hk/hkma/eng/new/lehman/lehman_report.pdf). Readers are advised to ponder over whether the very (misleadingly) brief explanation of Minibond given in these reports is reasonable and proper, bearing in mind the reports are meant to account for what happened and why these regulators have failed to notice the systematic and widespread mis-selling of the securities to the public most of whom could not conceivably be taken as capable of understanding the intricacies of such financial instruments. 
The official reluctance to go into the detail of Minibonds is echoed and followed by all the financial institutions concerned, including the HSBC Bank as trustee of the various Minibonds and Minibond-like programmes and all the distributors. However, there was at least one investor whose persistence enables him to secure some of the documents relating to the CDO that the government and the banks want to keep them off-limits. The following description of Minibond Series 35 (hereafter "Series 35") is meant to be an illustration of all Minibonds from Series 10 onwards. For those of Series 9 and earlier issues, most of the "underlying securities" are issued by the Lehman Brothers Treasury Co. B.V. (the "LBT"), the note-issuing entity of Lehman Brothers whose liability is guaranteed by parent company. Apart from this difference, it is believed that all Minibonds share the similar ‘piggybacked’ structure which is designed and intended by Lehman Brothers to conceal the true substance of the securities so as to reap exorbitant profits.
Series 35 is made up of 3 notes of vastly different nature: (i) a First-to-Default Note (the "FTD Note") issued by the PIFL that provides the façade to obscure or conceal the CDO underneath; (ii) a floating rate note (i.e. the CDO) issued by Beryl Finance Limited (the "Beryl"), a SPE created and controlled by Lehman Brothers; (c) a note issued by the Lehman US Dollar Liquidity Fund Institutional Reserve Accumulation Class (the "Real Collateral"). Functionally speaking, the FTD Note is merely a deceptive façade because it is not supposed to generate any revenue to the composite note. The FTD Note is credit-linked to six renowned international corporations and the sovereign credit of the People’s Republic of China. Accepting the credit risk of this portfolio only yields USD1 (one US dollar) to the issuer (i.e. the PIFL) for the entire term of the note (i.e. 3 years). 
The CDO is also a credit-linked note. Like the FTD Notes, the CDO is a bet on the credit-worthiness of a portfolio of securities typically in excess of one hundred selected from a wide array of corporations, industries, and countries. The issuer of CDO (i.e. Beryl) is liable to compensate its swap counterparty (a Lehman Brothers subsidiary) if the credit quality of the portfolio deteriorates. The amount of compensation payable is dependent on the extent to which the credit-worthiness of the portfolio deteriorates; hence, the swap may be terminated before expiry date if the deterioration has reached the pre-determined level. 
Since the CDO is practically concealed by the FTD Note, the deception against the investors is to induce them to provide insurance protection in favour of Lehman Brothers in respect of the CDO portfolios, while all along they were led to believe that their fortune was hinged on the credit-worthiness of the renowned corporations named in the FTD Note. The extent of deception in the Minibonds could be fathomed in two ways. Firstly,one could compare the PIFL prospectuses and the following documents that are integral to Series 35. All the crucial details about the CDO and the swap concerning the CDO are grouped under an uninformative and misleading rubric of "display documents". 
(a) Base prospectus dated 20 July 2007 and series prospectus dated 22 February 2008 issued by (the "Beryl");
(b) Principal Trust deed dated 30 March 2000 and supplemental trust deed between Arapahoe International Limited and HSBC Bank USA;
(c) Principal Trust Deed dated 10 October 2002 (as amended and restated on 20 July 2007) between Dante Finance Public Limited Company and BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited; 
(d) Swap confirmation dated 22 February 2008 between the PIFL and Lehman Brothers Special Finance Inc (the "LBSF"); and 
(e) Thirty-fifth Supplemental Trust Deed dated 22 February 2008 between Pacific International Finance Limited, HSBC Bank USA National Association, the LBSF, Lehman Brothers Holding Inc, HSBC Bank plc, Lehman Brothers Asia Limited, Dexia Banque International A Luxembourg Societe Anonyme, and Lehman Brothers International (Europe).
The Mahogany Notes
Mahogany Capital Limited (the "Mahogany") is an Australian corporation under the control of Lehman Brothers Asia (the "LBA") based in Hong Kong. The LBA had a designated team of staff specifically responsible for the design, packaging and promotion of derivatives financial products in the Asia-Pacific region except Japan. Therefore, all the Lehman-related securities and the two series of notes issued by Mahogany were the brainchild of the LBA. Prospectuses of the two series of notes issued by Mahogany (the "Mahogany Notes") are available at (www.mahoganycapital.com.au/mahogany/CategoryPageContext?CategoryCode=News&Template=HomePage.vm) 
The relevance of Mahogany Notes to Minibonds could be seen from two perspectives, namely structure and disclosure. Purchasers of Mahogany Notes are investing in CDO – the very same kind and complexity as the CDO embedded in Minibonds. Since the Mahogany Notes are not tied together with any FTD Note, the purchasers had a better chance of finding out exactly what they are investing in. What Mahogany invested with money received from the purchasers was CDO issued by Saphir Finance Limited (hereafter "Saphir"), another SPE created and controlled by Lehman Brothers. Saphir also provides CDO to around one-third of Minibonds that remain outstanding at the moment when Lehman Brothers went to bankruptcy. 
Therefore, what the LBA did was to market the same kind of CDO in Australia and Hong Kong in different manner. In Australia where the rule of law has stronger root of tradition, the sale was conducted more scrupulously and this author has no knowledge of any complaint of mis-selling or malpractice arising therefrom. By contrast, Hong Kong's regulations in place over their financial sector are flawed and oversight by the relevant body is inadequate. Coupled with a fierce sales-driven culture and lower education/moral standard, this explains the widespread and systematic mis-selling by some 2 dozens of registered financial institutions over a period of some 6 years from 2002 to 2008. More on the government reaction to its acquiescence, if not complicity, in the mis-selling (or fraud) is discussed below.
Protests and solutions.
Affected investors such as Abdull Ghafar Khan have led a number of protest actions seeking to draw attention the issue. In November 2008, investors held a protest march from Sogo Department Store in Causeway Bay to the Central Government Offices in Central; attendees shouted slogans calling for then-Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang to step down and criticising the opacity of the banks' operations. The following month, when former U.S. president Bill Clinton visited Hong Kong for the first annual meeting of the Clinton Foundation, 90 people protested outside of the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong where Clinton was staying, in an attempt to draw attention to the issue. In January 2009, five fellow protestors collected signatures from over two thousand affected investors and set off for neighbouring Macau to submit a petition to Xi Jinping, who was visiting the city at the time. In 2010, after Standard Chartered admitted that they had made errors in estimating the risk associated with Minibonds, there were further protests outside of the Legislative Council Building, during which one protestor middle of the street in an attempt to block a Standard Chartered company bus from departing the scene.

</doc>
<doc id="19970498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970498" title="Hou Hanru">
Hou Hanru

Hou Hanru (; born 1963, Guangzhou, China) is an international art curator and critic who lives in United States and France.
He received degrees from the Central Academy of Fine Arts in Beijing and moved to Paris from China in 1990. He lived 16 years in France before moving to America in 2006. He worked at San Francisco Art Institute as Director of Exhibitions and Public Program and Chair of Exhibition and Museum Studies from 2006 to 2012. He has curated numerous exhibitions including "Cities On The Move" (1997–2000), Shanghai Biennale (2000), Gwangju Biennale (2002), Venice Biennale (French Pavilion, 1999, Z.O.U. -- Zone Of Urgency, 2003, Chinese Pavilion, 2007), Nuit Blanche (2004, Paris), the 2nd Guangzhou Triennial (2005), the 2nd Tirana Biennial (2005), the 10th Istanbul Biennial (2007), "Global Multitude" (Luxembourg 2007), "Trans(cient)City" (Luxembourg 2007), EV+A 2008 (Limerick), "The Spectacle of the Everyday, The 10th Lyon Biennale" (Lyon, 2009), etc. He is currently curating the 5th Auckland Triennial (Auckland, New Zealand, May - August 2013).
He has been consultant and advisor in many international institutions including Walker Art Center (Minneapolis), Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum (New York), Kumamoto Museum of Contemporary Art (Kumamoto, Japan), De Appel Foundation (Amsterdam), Rockbund Art Museum (Shanghai) Times Museum of Contemporary Art (Guangzhou), Today Art Museum (Beijing), Times Museum (Guangzhou), Deutsche Bank Collection (Frankfurt), Kadist Art Foundation (San Francisco/Paris), Asia Art Archive (Hong Kong), etc. and served in juries of many international awards including the Hugo Boss Prize (Guggenheim Museum), Chinese Contemporary Art Award (Beijing), Ars Fennica (Helsinki), Credit Suisse/Today Art Award (Today Art Museum, Beijing) and Hugo Boss Prize China (Rockbund Art Museum, Shanghai).
He has also taught and lectured in various artistic and educational institutions including Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten (Amsterdam), HISk (Antwerp /Ghent), and numerous universities, museums across the world.
A selection of his writings was published as "On The Mid-Ground" by Timezone 8, 2002. His recent books include "Paradigm Shifts, Walter & McBean Galleries exhibitions and public programs, San Francisco Art Institute, 2006-2011", San Francisco Art Institute, 2011 (with Mary Ellyn Johnson). A frequent contributor to conferences, catalogues, magazines and books of contemporary art, he is also a guest editor for international art journals including "Flash Art International", "YIshu", "Art Asia Pacific" and "LEAP".

</doc>
<doc id="19970522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970522" title="Nobby Lawton">
Nobby Lawton

Norbert "Nobby" Lawton (25 March 1940 – 22 April 2006) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward or wing half for various English clubs in the 1960s and early 1970s.
Born in Newton Heath, Manchester, Lawton began his football career with Manchester United, joining the club as an amateur in 1956. He was also involved in the club's 1957 FA Youth Cup title. Following the Munich air disaster in 1958, Lawton gave up his job with a local coal merchant to sign professional forms with Manchester United. However, while playing for the club's reserve team, Lawton succumbed to a heavy bout of the flu, leading to double pneumonia and the temporary loss of the use of his legs.
He was out of action for several months but eventually made his debut for the first team on 9 April 1960, playing at inside left in a 3–2 win over Luton Town at Kenilworth Road. Over the next couple of seasons, Lawton forged a partnership with Bobby Charlton on the left side of the United forward line, even scoring a hat-trick against Nottingham Forest on Boxing Day 1961, but by the 1962–63 season he was increasingly deployed as a wing half. The emergence of Pat Crerand, however, meant that Lawton's first team opportunities became increasingly limited and he was sold to Preston North End in March 1963.
In his first season at Preston, Lawton captained the Lancashire side to the FA Cup final, where they lost to Bobby Moore's West Ham United side. He continued to captain the side for the next three seasons, before a succession of knee injuries forced his sale to Brighton & Hove Albion in September 1967. He spent a further three seasons with Brighton before dropping down to the Fourth Division to play for Lincoln City in 1970. He retired from professional football in 1972 and took several jobs before returning to Newton Heath in 1977 to work for an export packaging firm.
He died from cancer in April 2006 (shortly after his 66th birthday) and is survived by his wife, their two children and their 6 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19970528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970528" title="Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Trap">
Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Trap

Trap was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Open to both men and women, it was decided by a shoot-off between Dmitri Monakov and Miloslav Bednařík, with Monakov emerging as the winner with 8–7.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for semifinal
Semifinal.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19970536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970536" title="1998 Grand Prix Hassan II">
1998 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 1998 Grand Prix Hassan II was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Casablanca, Morocco. The tournament was held from March 23 to March 30.

</doc>
<doc id="19970565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970565" title="Feludar Goendagiri">
Feludar Goendagiri

"Feludar Goendagiri (English title "Danger in Darjeeling")" is a short story written by Satyajit Ray featuring private detective Feluda. It was the very first among the total 35 complete stories/novels of feluda series. The story first appeared in 1965 in the children's magazine Sandesh. This story introduced Feluda and his cousin Tapesh alias Topshe . Topshe is the narrator of all the 35 stories/novels.
Plot summary.
Feluda, Topshe and Topshe's father visit Darjeeling as tourists for a few days.
There, Feluda and Topshe meet Rajen Majumdar who was an established advocate based out of Kolkata, but after retirement had settled in Darjeeling. After retirement, Rajen-babu has developed an interest in antiques, and has built quite a formidable collection in a span of a few months.
Rajen-babu has been threatened by a letter posted to him, which mentions that he will be punished soon for misdeeds of his past. Rajen-babu panicks and agrees to have Feluda investigate the matter.
Feluda and Topshe also meet Tinkori Mukhopadhyay, who is staying at Rajen-babu's house as a paying guest for a few days and Abani Ghoshal, an antique property dealer. Tinkori-babu is a renowned writer of Bengali detective fiction, and he writes fiction under the name Guptochor (i.e. spy). Feluda mentions that Tinkori-babu is one of his favourite writers of detective stories in Bengali. Abani Ghoshal is interested in buying a bell, supposed to belong to the head-Lama of a nearby monastery, that is in Rajen-babu's possession.
Amongst other things, Feluda notices that the letter that was mailed to Rajen-babu is created out of words cut out from a newspaper. Tinkori Mukhopadhyay helps Feluda in his investigation, by suggesting that the cuttings are from Anandabazar Patrika, recognizing the unique font used in that newspaper.
Later, Feluda also meets Prabir Majumdar, Rajen Majumdar's estranged son. He was thrown out of the house by Rajen-babu for trying to steal money. Feluda also gives a visit to Dr. Phani Mitter, Rajen-babu's physician.
A second incident happens a following night. A man wearing a ghostly mask had entered Rajen-babu's room at night. Rajen-babu is extremely scared and agrees to Feluda and Topshe staying the night over at their place the next day.
Later, by a process of elimination, Feluda gets to the root of the problem. And his inference is confirmed by the smell of cheroots in one of the masks in Rajen-babu's collection of Antiques. The only person in the vicinity who smoked the specific brand and smell of cheroots is Tinkori-babu. Tinkori-babu, though, had left for Kolkata a day ago.
It is later confirmed that it is indeed Tinkori-babu who is the real culprit. Tinkori-babu has left a letter to Rajen-babu, referring to him as "Raju", apparently Rajen-babu's nickname. Tinkori-babu was Rajen-babu's classmate in Bankura Missionary school, and was unlawfully, and seriously injured by Rajen-babu during a 100-yard race at the school's annual sports festival. Since Rajen-babu had left Bankura after the incident, Tinkori-babu never got a chance to avenge the incident then. After arriving at Darjeeling, Tinkori-babu could identify his old adversary from school from an old photograph, and decided to avenge that old incident by putting Rajen-babu under some discomfort. Thus, he sent the threatening letter, and also scared Rajen-babu at midnight in Rajen-babu's bedroom wearing the mask.
Commentary.
In this story, Feluda's age is 27, and Topshe's is exactly half of Feluda's i.e. 13 and a half.
This is the first of two novels of Feluda, that are set in Darjeeling. The other is Darjeeling Jomjomaat.
Sandip Ray mentions Darjeeling as one of the favourite locations of his father, and thus Satyajit Ray's first movie made from original written screenplay, Kanchenjungha, as well as the first Feluda novel was based out of Darjeeling.
In the first few Feluda stories, Topshe is mentioned as Feluda's maternal cousin. Later, he is confirmed as Feluda's paternal cousin. Thus, in the first few stories (including Feludar Goendagiri), Topshe's full name is Tapesh Ranjan Bose. It changes to Tapesh Ranjan Mitter later.
Publication history.
1. Sandesh, (serialised) December 1965, January–February 1966.
2. Ek Dojon Goppo, part of a collection of 12 stories, June 1970, Ananda Publishers
3. Paharey Feluda, anthology, January 1996, Ananda Publishers
4. Feluda Somogro, anthology, January 2005, Ananda Publishers, ISBN 81-7756-480-3
References.
1. "Khasra Khataye Feluda", by Sandip Ray. Introduction to "Feluda Somogro 1", Ananda Publications, ISBN 81-7756-480-3 2. Feluda in Ek Dojon Goppo 3.
Feluda in World of Ray 4.
Feludar Goendagiri is the first published Feluda story 

</doc>
<doc id="19970571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970571" title="Svetlana Loboda">
Svetlana Loboda

Svetlana Serhiyivna Loboda (, born 18 October 1982 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR), known as Svetlana Loboda ( is a Ukrainian singer and composer. Loboda represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 and finished in 12th place with 76 points.
Biography.
Early life.
As a young girl, Loboda studied piano, conducting, variety and jazz vocal, and grew to have the experience of composer, leading role actress in a musical, TV host, designer, photographer, singer in Ukraine’s, Russia’s and CIS most popular girls band and finally a solo artist. From an early age Loboda showed a tendency for music and acting, making home musicals for her parents and relatives on family holidays. Therefore, it was not a difficult decision for her mother as to what special courses to enrol her daughter in to study. In the specialized music school, Loboda studied piano and at the same time mastered the art of singing and conducting.
Having finished music school, Loboda continued with her music studies and entered the department of variety and jazz singing at the Kyiv Variety And Circus Academy. It was at this time she became a member of the band “Cappuccino”. In 2003 she participated in the casting for the first ever Ukrainian professional musical "The Equator", where she received the leading role of "Mirana". On 28 December 2003, she started a new band – “Catch”. Svetlana was the creator of the repertoire and stage costumes for the band. That was her first professional experience as composer and designer.
Nu Virgos.
In 2004 Loboda auditioned for the casting for “Nu Virgos” band, well known in Eastern Europe also having successful gigs in Japan . She won over nearly 500 rivals and became a new soloist of “Nu Virgos” (Also known as ВИА ГРА <Via Gra> in Ukraine). Svitlana’s first appearance as a participant of the band was a performance in the contest show “Star Factory” (the Ukrainian version of “Star Academy”).
Solo career.
At the end of November 2004, Loboda together with Oleksandr Shyrkov and their company “S&A;music group Ltd” started her solo career and shot a music video “Cherno-Belaya Zima” (Black-and-white Winter) and in a year, in November 2005, she released her début album “Ty Ne Zabudesh” (You Won’t Forget).
In 2005 Loboda's clips have got to rotation to Russia. All has begun with the city of Vladivostok, thanks to that the company “S&A music group Ltd” has entered into the agreement with Koval Evgeniy, the representative of television channel “TVC in Vladivostok”. Further in 2008 clips have got on channel "RU.TV".
Loboda’s fourth single and video “Cherny Angel” (Black Angel) with Nadezhda Granovskaja (Nadezhda Meyher), Svetlana’s close friend and - incidentally - ex-participant of “VIA Gra”. In 2006, she worked as the presenter of the TV program “ShowMania” on the air of all-Ukrainian TV channel “Novyi Kanal” and in 2007 becomes the host of “Miss CIS” on “TET” TV channel. At the same time the singer started a tourist agency of her own named “Happy Vacations”. On October 2007, Loboda launched the exhibition of her own photo art-works dedicated to her trip to India.
2008-Not a macho.
In Spring 2008, she released the album "Ne Macho" ("Not macho"). April 2008 saw the launch of her own fashion line wearing the name "F*ck the macho". The scandalous, as it may seem, idea became the popular trend and stylish concept, expressing social protest against false glamorous trends and sticky stereotypes. Later on, in Autumn 2008, she tried her hand as the script writer for the music video "Za chto" ("For what"). In December 2008 the video came up on the Russian music channel MUZ TV. At the end of 2008 Loboda together with DJ Lutique produce new club track "By your side".
The single reached the top of national charts and was also played internationally.
Eurovision 2009.
In Spring 2009 “Be My Valentine” was presented on Ukraine’s national pre-selection by Loboda in co-operation with “S&A;Music Group Ltd.” and her partner Oleksandr Shyrkov.
On 8 March 2009 she received the highest points from both the viewers and professional jury and won the Ukrainian national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia.
On 18 March 2009 Svetlana Loboda presented clip Be My Valentine (Anti-crisis girl!) in Vladivostok. Spectators of television channel "PERSON (TVC)" the first have seen a new masterpiece of the scandalous Ukrainian singer in the program «SMS the Chat».
Loboda competed in the second semi-final there and reached the final. Prior to the event, Loboda had spoken confidently of her chances of success.
The song finished in 12th place, with 76 points.
Loboda stated that she wished to use her participation in the contest as a platform to speak out against domestic violence. She started the social initiative "No Family Crimes" and appeared in photographs with wounds and scars to highlight the issue of violence against women.
The cog system, or as Loboda refers to it "The Hell Machine" she danced on has been taken back to Ukraine. Svetlana has said that she did not want it to go to waste and it is apparently in her father's garage. "The pets play on it" She stated.
Loboda had expressed her interest in representing Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 which took place in Norway.
2010.
In January, Svetlana released her next solo single "Жить легко" (Live easy). In spring, she released "Сердце бьётся" (Heart Is Beating...) with Max Barskih. In October 2010, Svetlana released her hit single "Revolution".
Svetlana said "its a powerful song, with a powerful message. It was very emotional to make.".
Discography.
Studio albums
Compilation albums

</doc>
<doc id="19970579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970579" title="1999 Grand Prix Hassan II">
1999 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 1999 Grand Prix Hassan II was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Casablanca, Morocco. The tournament was held from March 22 to March 29, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19970598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970598" title="Drymonia velitaris">
Drymonia velitaris

Drymonia velitaris is a moth of the family Notodontidae. It is found in Central and Southern Europe and Anatolia.
The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm for males and 15–18 mm for females. The imago can be identified by the yellow spot on the base of the forewing. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="19970602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970602" title="Wirrinyga Band">
Wirrinyga Band

Wirrinyga Band (also known as Warrinyga Band) are a rock band from Milingimbi, a small island in Arnhem Land, Northern Territory. The band members are Yolngu. They sing in both Language and English and they mix modern instruments with traditional.

</doc>
<doc id="19970607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970607" title="Kurt Sametreiter">
Kurt Sametreiter

Kurt Sametreiter (born 9 April 1922) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Sametreiter was awarded his Knight's Cross during the Battle of Kursk in the tank Battle of Prokhorovka where he was a platoon commander in the 3rd Company, 1st Panzerjäger Battalion of the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler (LSSAH).
The LSSAH was then part of the 2nd SS Panzer Corps when it was attacked by two Russian Tank Corps. Oberscharführer Sametreiter was responsible for destroying twenty four tanks in one action.
References.
1939 von Heer, Luftwaffe, Kriegsmarine, Waffen-SS, Volkssturm sowie mit Deutschland verbündeter Streitkräfte nach den Unterlagen des Bundesarchives" (in German). Jena, Germany: Scherzers Miltaer-Verlag. ISBN 978-3-938845-17-2.

</doc>
<doc id="19970610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970610" title="Mosaiko">
Mosaiko

Μωσαϊκὸ (Mosaic) — Ukrainian vocal collective, which are singing in such styles: Pop, Laiko, Byzantine music. Was established in 1999 in Kerch.
History.
The collective Μωσαϊκό was born on September, 1st, 1999 on the basis of Kerch's School of Arts of R.Serdjuka under the guidance of Olga Ivanovna Verenich .
The debut has taken place on January, 7th, 2000 with two Greek songs Σαγαπώ (Sagapo) and Μπουζούκι (Buzuki) at a meeting with the Kerch's Greek Cultural-Educational Society. The repertoire has replenished then with orthodox prays Προσευχή (Proseuhi) and Χριστός Ανέστη (Christos Anesti) in the Greek language, etc.
From the moment of collective's foundation, the chairman of the Kerch's Greek Cultural-Educational Society Boris Ilich Babich actively helped with a musical material, by his profound knowledge of history, and organised meetings with the Greek societies of different cities.
On October, 27th, 2000 under the invitation of director Natalya Bondarchuk (supervisor), the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” has taken part in scene shootings «Children of the future Kerch» having sung songs in the Greek language. The participant of ensemble Elias Verenich has acted in film in a role of small tsar Mitridat in an episode «Coronation of Mitridat» .
Throughout all years of existence, the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” accepts active participation in a cultural life of a city, acting with concerts and at meetings with societies of national minorities - Greek, Bulgarian, Tatar, Armenian, Jewish, etc.
Since 2000 the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” annually takes part in the international festival «Bosporsky Agones» with execution of the Byzantian church chants and prays in the Greek language.
Since 2001 the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” worked over the Byzantian liturgy and modern Greek songs in a genre λαϊκά (Laikó tragoudi).
In February, 2002 the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” took part in the competitive program «Stars on a scene!» on Television channel UT-1 in Kiev, having occupied 2 place.
Annually, on June, 3rd, in the day of St. Konstantin and Elena meetings of Greeks of Ukraine and Crimea are held in village Chernopole in which the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” accepts regular participation.
Within the next years singing collective “Μωσαϊκό”:
• takes part on Ukraine festival-competition of the Greek song of Tamara Katzy in Mariupol,
• is the guest of honour and traditionally opens annual international festival of arts «Meetings in Zurbagan» in Feodosiya, within the limits of Grin's Readings on which not only scientists - expert's of Grin from Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Latvia, the far abroad, gather, but also writers, musicians, artists, admirers of Grin's creativity from different cities of the world meet together,
• on blessing of the Metropolitan Simferopol and Crimea Lazarus by forces of the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” a documentary video film "Heritage" had been made. In it orthodox prays in the Greek language of 12th - 16th centuries are executed. Shootings were spent in vicinities of Bakhchisarai on blessing of archimandrite Siluan, the prior of the Monastery of the Holy Dormition in Bakhchsarai. Shootings were direct in a monastic Temple in honour of the Dormition of Most Holy Mother of God, and also in caves of Chufut-Kale,
• spent meetings-concerts with visitors of a city, the American both Bulgarian delegations and the French scientists-archeologists from Paris,
• gives concerts in the cities of Feodosiya, Simferopol, in archaeological camp "Artezian",
All concerts pass in warm friendly conditions.
Last eight months the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” is improved in creative commonwealth with the chief of Kerch's management of culture Konovalov A. N.
In April, 2008 the singing collective “Μωσαϊκό” has protected a rank of the exemplary (i.e. went through the official procedure required for obtaining an exemplary degree).

</doc>
<doc id="19970616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970616" title="Manabu Oshio">
Manabu Oshio

History.
Raised in Los Angeles, California, United States from age 4 to 12 before moving back to Tokyo, Japan, Oshio writes his lyrics in English and Japanese. He has played in many starring roles in TV shows,dramas, commercials, and movies in Japan as well as in China.
Oshio made his acting debut in 1997 in Ai, Tokidoki Uso. Later Oshio formed his band LIV in 2002. Their first single "Without You" was released in January and their debut album "The First Chapter" was later released in October of the same year. Their second single "Try" was released in May and went to number 1 on the Oricon charts.
Oshio continued over the next 3 years juggling acting, performing live and releasing albums under his band Liv. His last studio album on Universal Japan was "Mi Vida Loca", shortly after his departure from Universal his singles collection was released "Coleccion de Oro".
Reports Announced that on October 4, 2005 Oshio was quitting acting to pursue his musical career. He quit his management agency and joined indie label Daiki Sound. Oshio's last drama was Satomi Hakkenden . In 2006 he married Akiko Yada.
Oshio decided to make a return to acting in 2008. He signed to Avex Entertainment, citing that he would like to expand his international career and was happy with Avex Entertainment's global aims.
Announced in August 2008 that he was reviving his band LIV. In his own words the band is going to "start from zero". The band had introduced to new members and were said to be working on a new album.
Court case.
On August 2, 2009 he was arrested at Roppongi Hills for possession of MDMA during an investigation into the death of a hostess. He was subsequently dropped by Avex Entertainment for violating his contract. Since the arrest of Oshio Manabu his music labels have cancelled distribution of all his releases. It's unclear if they will be available again. After his arrest his wife Akiko Yada decided to file for divorce, citing "incompatible values" 
His blog "Entertainment Crusher", which had been active since 2006, was recently deleted.
On December 7, 2009, he was arrested again by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police.
"Police on Monday 7 arrested actor-singer Manabu Oshio on suspicion of giving the synthetic drug MDMA to a woman who died in August while they were together in a Tokyo apartment, investigative sources said.
The Metropolitan Police Department is also investigating the 31-year-old Oshio, who was given a suspended 18-month prison sentence last month for using MDMA, on suspicion of failing to take sufficient action to help Kaori Tanaka, a 30-year-old bar employee who died.
Oshio allegedly violated the Narcotics Drug Control Law by giving Tanaka the drug, commonly known as Ecstasy, at the apartment in the posh Roppongi Hills complex on Aug. 2."
"The police on Monday also arrested Yusuke Izumida, a 31-year-old acquaintance of Oshio who runs an Internet shopping business, for allegedly delivering the drug to Oshio, and Ryohei Endo, the performer's 28-year-old former manager, on suspicion of destroying evidence by throwing away Tanaka's cell phone.
According to the police, Tanaka fell ill and her condition took a turn for the worse at around 6:30 p.m. Aug. 2 after taking the drug with Oshio. Oshio told Endo over the phone that she had not regained consciousness, and the manager arrived at around 7:40 p.m. An emergency call was made at 9:19 p.m.
By the time paramedics arrived and confirmed her death at the scene at 9:27 p.m., Oshio had gone to another unit in the apartment building."
Kaori Tanaka died because of an unknown cause in the apartment of the Roppongi Hills Residence B2307, Tokyo. The apartment was being rented by Oshio's female friend, Mika Noguchi (born January 13, 1965), at the time of the fatal incident in August.
Mika Noguchi is a well known Japanese female entrepreneur and she appeared in the Japanese TV show "Dragons' Den"(Japanese title was "Tigers of Money") during 2002 and 2003.
Oshio was convicted of giving the girl Ecstasy and neglecting to care for her after she fell gravely ill. He was sentenced to 30 months in prison, which was upheld by the Tokyo High Court on 18 April 2011. On 15 February 2012, the Supreme Court of Japan upheld Oshio's conviction. The decision meant that Oshio will be required to consecutively serve both the 18-month sentence for drug use and the 30-month sentence in prison.
Discography.
Collaboration.
m.c.A.T

</doc>
<doc id="19970617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970617" title="Nikita Kokuyev">
Nikita Kokuyev

Nikita Rafailovich Kokuyev (or Kokujev; ; 28 October 1848, Maloarkhangelsk - 31 March 1914) was a Russian entomologist.
He specialized in Hymenoptera and Coleoptera and described new taxa in both groups. His collection is in the
Zoological Museum of the Zoological Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Works.
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="19970632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970632" title="Bomberman Ultra">
Bomberman Ultra

Bomberman Ultra is a downloadable video game for PlayStation Network that was released on June 11, 2009 in the United States. It is the third in a trilogy of downloadable Bomberman titles, after "Bomberman Live" for Xbox Live Arcade and "Bomberman Blast" for WiiWare.
"Bomberman" Ultra gives players the ability to fully customize their own Bomberman. The full selection of outfits will be immediately unlockable from the very start off the game, allowing for more than 150,000 unique combinations.

</doc>
<doc id="19970638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970638" title="Xylocampa areola">
Xylocampa areola

The Early Grey "(Xylocampa areola)" is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe and Morocco.
The wingspan is 32–40 mm. The moth flies from February to May depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Honeysuckle.

</doc>
<doc id="19970643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970643" title="Northern Lights Astana">
Northern Lights Astana

Northern Lights is a mixed office and residential building whose construction was completed in early 2010. It is located on the fast-developing Left Bank area of Astana, Kazakhstan, lying approximately halfway between the now iconic Bayterek Tower and the giant KazMunayGaz headquarters. The complex consists of three towers of 32, 34 and 42 floors, all of which are recognisable from some considerable distance by their distinctive wavy, curvaceous outlines and garnish of blue-green reflective glass. The upper floors afford views across the whole of Astana and, since it is located near the city's fringe, also much of the surrounding steppe. The tallest block tops out at a structural height of 165 m. Northern Lights' three towers are connected by a two-story stylobate where the parking and basic shopping facilities are located.

</doc>
<doc id="19970644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970644" title="Tommy Bogan">
Tommy Bogan

Thomas "Tommy" Bogan (18 May 1920 – 23 September 1993) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in both Scotland and England. Born in Glasgow, Bogan played for Strathclyde, Blantyre Celtic, Renfrew and Hibernian before moving to Celtic after the end of the Second World War.
After two-and-a-half years with Celtic, Bogan moved to England to play for Preston North End in September 1948. He played for Preston for one season, before moving to Manchester United in September 1949. However, it was apparent that Bogan had not adapted to the English game and moved back to Scotland to play for Aberdeen in March 1951. A move back to England soon followed, with Bogan moving to Southampton after just four appearances for Aberdeen. Again, though, he struggled to fit in and he moved to Blackburn Rovers and then Macclesfield Town before retiring from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="19970651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970651" title="2000 Grand Prix Hassan II">
2000 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 2000 Grand Prix Hassan II was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Casablanca, Morocco. The tournament was held from April 10 to April 17.

</doc>
<doc id="19970693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970693" title="Abu Dhabi Plaza">
Abu Dhabi Plaza


</doc>
<doc id="19970697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970697" title="1971 Major League Baseball Draft">
1971 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1971 Major League Baseball draft.
"*" Did not sign
Background.
The June 1971 draft was a productive one, even though none of its top ten choices yielded players who would have memorable major league careers. Selected in the regular phase were future all-stars Jim Rice (Boston, 1st round), Frank Tanana (California, 1st round), George Brett (Kansas City, 2nd round), Ron Guidry (New York Yankees, 3rd round), Rick Rhoden (Los Angeles, 1st round), Mike Schmidt (Philadelphia, 2nd round) and Keith Hernandez (St. Louis, 42nd round). In the secondary phase, Burt Hooton (Chicago Cubs, 1st round), Steve Rogers (Montreal, 1st round) and Steve Busby (Kansas City, 2nd round) were chosen.
Pitcher Mike Flanagan was selected in the 15th round of the June regular phase by Houston, but enrolled at the University of Massachusetts. One of the more interesting highlights of the June draft was that five quarterbacks were selected including future NFL stars Archie Manning, Steve Bartkowski and Joe Theismann. Danny Goodwin, the nation's top pick, couldn't agree to terms with the White Sox and became the first top choice who did not sign a contract.
Other notable players.
Condredge Holloway went on to have a career in the Canadian Football League, where he was awarded Most Outstanding Player while playing for the Toronto Argonauts
Steve Ayers, 9th round pick, retired due to injury in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19970703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970703" title="Ennomos fuscantaria">
Ennomos fuscantaria

The Dusky Thorn (Ennomos fuscantaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in the western part of the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth from July to October depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Fraxinus excelsior", but also "Ligustrum" and other shrubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19970712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970712" title="Yanggarriny Wunungmurra">
Yanggarriny Wunungmurra

Yanggarriny Wunungmurra is an aboriginal artist in Australia. Yanggarriny has made a significant contribution to aboriginal art in general. One of the most famous pieces of Yanggarriny's art is Minhala the long necked turtle. this piece was carved out of wood and is a very good piece of Aboriginal artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="19970716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970716" title="Stirling University F.C.">
Stirling University F.C.

Stirling University F.C. are a football club who play in the Lowland Football League. They were admitted to the First Division of the East of Scotland Football League in 2008 after Berwick Rangers withdrew their reserve team but were admitted to the new Lowland League in 2013.
The club operates five teams which compete in a combination of British university competitions and in senior and amateur leagues across Scotland. The University of Stirling deliver a High Performance Football Programme which provides players to the first team. As part of this programme, students can be offered football scholarships to study for a degree and play football at the university. The football scholarship programme is named after Craig Gowans, a talented Falkirk player who died in 2005 while training at the university. 
The 2009-10 season was one of great success for the students, as they won the First Division title in only the team’s second season in the East of Scotland League. They also won the Scottish Universities Championship and reached the King Cup final, losing to East of Scotland Premier Division champions Spartans 0-2 at Ferguson Park, Rosewell. In the 2010-11 season, in their first season in the East of Scotland Premier Division, the students secured a second place finish and also suffered defeat in the King Cup final at the hands of Spartans at the Falkirk Stadium. They were successful in the Alex Jack Cup, winning the final 7-0 against Lothian Thistle at the Falkirk Stadium. 
In 2012, Stirling University again won the Alex Jack Cup, beating Gretna 2008 in the final. In March 2012, the university's first year scholar Stephen Hoyle left the program to sign for ASB Premiership side Hawke's Bay United in New Zealand. Stirling University had a remarkable 2011-12 season, bringing three trophies back to the iniversity, including the East of Scotland Premier Division title for the first time. 
This saw the university compete in the 2012-13 Scottish Cup, participating in the Scottish Cup for the first time in the club's history. Stirling University were drawn against Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic in the second round, with the university getting beat 0-1.
At the end of the 2012-13 season, goalkeeper Kevin Walker left the university to sign a one year professional contract with Scottish Championship side Livingston. http://www.livingstonfc.co.uk/news/news_20130528_1.php
When it was announced in 2013 that Stirling University would be admitted to the Lowland League, it was also announced that they would use Stirling Albion's Forthbank Stadium for their home fixtures.

</doc>
<doc id="19970723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970723" title="Glatt group">
Glatt group

The Glatt group is active internationally as an equipment manufacturer, system supplier and engineering service provider in the field of processing and refinement of solid compounds for the food / feed, pharmaceutical and fine chemical industry.
History.
Founded in 1954 by Werner Glatt and initially dealing with oven flues and venting systems, the company experienced a rapid boom – thanks to good connections and the nearby pharmaceutical industry in Switzerland.
In 1959, Werner Glatt and a dozen employees designed and installed the very first fluid bed dryer used in the pharmaceutical industry worldwide.
Further developments evolved; after drying technology came granulation technology, then coating and finally pelletizing technology.
In the following years the Company compounded and strengthened its business operations : In 1971, Glatt AG was founded in Switzerland, followed in 1973 by Glatt Air Techniques (GAT) in Ramsey, USA; Glatt AG was instrumental in launching a second Glatt product family onto the market: the tablet pan coater.
Within the course of just a few years, additional sales companies were established in other countries: Glatt Pharmatech in France, Glatt Protech in the UK, Glatt Ireland and Glatt Norden in Denmark.
In 1989, Reinhard Nowak took over as Chief Executive from company founder Werner Glatt.
1991 saw the foundation of Glatt Ingenieurtechnik (GIT) in Weimar, Germany. Almost simultaneously, Glatt Systemtechnik (GST) was also founded in Dresden, Germany.
Both companies added major new product lines and services thereby complementing the existing Glatt portfolio.
Today, the Glatt Corporation is a global group of companies and employs a workforce of over 1400 at its various locations.
Technologies.
The core technology of the Glatt group of companies is the fluid bed technology for the drying, granulating, pelletizing (see also spheronization) and the coating of solid compounds.
Glatt has shaped and constantly further developed this technology.
Initially used solely as a dryer, the fluid bed unit has – by using suitable spraying systems – become a granulator and then – with the relevant developments – a particle coater. Today, fluid bed units are available for batch as well as for continuous production.
Further technologies include wet granulation as well as film and sugar coating.
These technologies are applied:
Products and services.
Glatt’s product range comprises batch- and continuous fluid bed units (for drying, granulating, particle coating, pelletizing), high shear mixers (for wet granulation), pan coaters (for film- and sugar coating) and equipment for product handling and containment.
Services are provided in the field of engineering and turnkey projects, where the company plans and implements complete turnkey production facilities.
Further services are provided by Glatt laboratories involved in product and formulation development as well as process development and optimization.
With the Technology Training Center (TTC), Glatt also provides and independent platform for seminars and technical training.
Companies.
The Glatt group of companies comprises:
And further companies and partners.
Partnership.
The Glatt group of companies joined the alliance “Excellence United” in April 2011. Excellence United is a partnership between six leading technological family companies involved in specialist engineering for the pharmaceutical, medicine and process industry. Further members of the alliance Bausch + Ströbel, Fette Compacting, Harro Höflinger, Uhlmann and VisioTec. Each of these companies is the market leader in their industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19970737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970737" title="Marten Hoekstra">
Marten Hoekstra

Marten Hoekstra (born May 21, 1961) is Chief Executive Officer of Emerging Global Advisors (EGA), an emerging market asset management company and advisor to the EGShares family of exchange-traded funds (ETFs). Prior to joining EGA, Hoekstra spent 26 years at UBS AG and PaineWebber, one of the Swiss bank's predecessor firms.
Business Career.
In February 2011, Marten Hoekstra joined New York-based Emerging Global Advisors as Chief Executive Officer. The firm was founded in September 2008 by Robert Holderith who serves as President and Head of Product Development. Through the EGShares brand, EGA offers core, thematic, and sector emerging market ETFs.
Hoekstra’s career at UBS AG and PaineWebber, which began in 1982, included roles as a financial advisor and in executive management in the United States and Switzerland. In July 2005, five years after PaineWebber was acquired by UBS, Hoekstra was named Head of the Wealth Management business in the US. He was subsequently appointed CEO of Wealth Management Americas (WMA) and Deputy CEO of Global Wealth Management & Business Banking. Hoekstra was a member of UBS AG's Group Executive Board. When he left UBS in October 2009, WMA had approximately $700 billion in client assets and 18,000 employees. 
Education & Affiliations.
Hoekstra previously served as a Director of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA). He graduated from the University of North Dakota with a bachelor’s degree in Political Science and earned a Masters in Business Administration from Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Civic Activities.
Hoekstra serves on the board of Prison Fellowship Ministries and the Zurich International School Foundation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19970745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970745" title="Khan Shatyr Entertainment Center">
Khan Shatyr Entertainment Center

Khan Shatyr ("Royal Marquee") is a giant transparent tent in Astana, the capital city of Kazakhstan. The architectural project was unveiled by the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev on December 9, 2006.
The 150m-high (500 ft) tent has a 200m elliptical base covering . Underneath the tent, an area larger than 10 football stadiums, is an urban-scale internal park, shopping and entertainment venue with squares and cobbled streets, a boating river, shopping centre, minigolf and indoor beach resort. The fabric roof is constructed from ETFE-cushions provided by Vector Foiltec suspended on a network of cables strung from a central spire. The transparent material allows sunlight through which, in conjunction with air heating and cooling systems, is designed to maintain an internal temperature between in the main space and in the retail units, while outside the temperature varies between across the year.
Following the construction of the Palace of Peace and Reconciliation (opened in 2006), a giant glass pyramid, the Khan Shatyr Entertainment Center was the second national project in Astana designed by UK architect Norman Foster (of Foster and Partners), (Partners in Charge Filo Russo and Peter Ridley), and UK engineers Buro Happold led by Mike Cook. Construction documentation architects were Linea and Gultekin. The construction of the tent-city was the responsibility of the Turkish company Sembol.
After a series of delays, the main mast was eventually erected in December 2008, and the whole complex was completed and opened on July 5, 2010, 70th birthday of Kazakhstan's president, Nursultan Nazarbayev. Andrea Bocelli gave a concert for the occasion, with guests including the President of Russia, Dmitry Medvedev; the President of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych; the President of Turkey, Abdullah Gül; the President of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko; the President of Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan; the President of Tajikistan, Emomalii Rahmon; the President of Kyrgyzstan, Roza Otunbayeva; the Crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan; and the King of Jordan, Abdullah II.

</doc>
<doc id="19970760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970760" title="Lacanobia suasa">
Lacanobia suasa

The Dog’s Tooth "(Lacanobia suasa)" is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe, Ural Mountains, Russia, Amur Oblast.
The wingspan is 32–37 mm. The moth flies from April to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.These include "Betula" spp., "Alnus incana", "Corylus avellana", "Salix" spp., "Polygonum" spp., "Rumex" spp., "Chenopodium album", "Atriplex" sp., "Brassica" sp., "Brassica campestris", "Rubus idaeus", "Malus domestica", "Trifolium" sp., "Galium" sp., "Cirsium arvense". 

</doc>
<doc id="19970766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970766" title="34th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
34th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 34th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1906 and 1911.
The Liberal Party led by George Henry Murray formed the government.
Edward Matthew Farrell was named speaker.
The assembly was dissolved on May 15, 1911.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19970778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970778" title="Quadriga Audio-Archiving Solution">
Quadriga Audio-Archiving Solution

Quadriga is a commercial audio-archiving workstation for the automated mass transfer of legacy sound carriers to digital storage systems. The unique aspect of the system lies in the real-time inspection of the audio during the transfer process, statistical reports of which are generated and stored with other meta data within the resulting audio file.
History.
Traditional broadcast and sound archives have proven over the years to be extremely labor intensive to maintain and manage. This is due in part to the personnel intensive nature of the extremely important quality control process associated with maintaining the highest possible technical standards. As broadcasting migrated from analog to digital technology, broadcasters were forced to digitize analog assets – something that has been on-going since the early 1990s.
This transition from single-sound-carriers to everlasting digital data in the form of sound files represents the evolution from the past to the future – a significant step towards higher quality and more accessible sound archives. Unlike most analog media, digital sound files can be stored in large-scale file servers, which are accessible via the broadcasters network, and / or via the internet.
The most critical stage in the process is the original transfer from the analog to the digital domain, and failure to execute this properly significantly compromises the integrity of the archive. This fact forced broadcasters and archives to seek out technology that would be capable of managing the analog to digital transfer process, while maintaining the highest possible level of quality control.
To this end, a sophisticated hardware and software based solution called Quadriga was developed in 1998 by Bremen, Germany based "Cube-Tec International GmbH", in close cooperation with the "Institut für Rundfunktechnik" (IRT) and the German "public broadcasting". Quadriga is a registered trademark of IRT and is exclusively marketed by Cube-Tec International. The name Quadriga is derived from "QUality from Analog to Digital RIGorously Analyzed". Quadriga is used internationally by broadcasting companies, archives and music enterprises.
Functionality.
If used during the initial transfer, Quadriga automates the digitization process while simultaneously analyzing the incoming audio stream for any anomalies or irregularities – all of which are logged into a quality report. For digital files that were transferred without Quadriga, the system can be used to analyze those files for detection of the same anomalies and the production of the quality report, which can be checked in real time via audio playback and / or visually inspecting the waveform.
The quality reports, in addition to other meta data information such as source sound carriers and historical data are maintained as part of the digital sound file. Quadriga is compatible with any existing "Media Asset Management" system and easily adapts to its networking and database configuration. 
Also relevant to digitized archives are two newly developed technologies from Cube-Tec called Dobbin and Cube-Workflow. These sophisticated technologies can be used to fully automate file management, rights management, and media processing functions. Typically labor intensive processes such as normalization, sample-rate conversion, format conversion, codec encoding / trans-coding, water-marking, audio restoration, and other signal processing functions are handled as an off-line automated process.

</doc>
<doc id="19970791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970791" title="Jason Booth">
Jason Booth

Jason Booth (born 7 November 1977) is a British professional boxer who has competed in the flyweight, super flyweight, bantamweight and super bantamweight divisions. He is a former holder of the British and Commonwealth super bantamweight championships. He is also the brother of the former British and Commonwealth bantamweight champion, Nicky Booth.
Booth began his professional career in 2006 and won the British and Commonwealth flyweight titles beating Keith Knox in 1999. He won the IBO Super Flyweight championship in 2003 beating South Africa's Lunga Ntontela and fought for the European title on four occasions losing each time in 1999, 2001, 2002 and 2011. Following the loss of his IBO title to Northern Irelands Damaen Kelly in 2004 Booth spent almost two years away from the ring as he struggled to come to terms with an addiction to alcohol.
Returning in 2006 Booth moved up to bantamweight and won the Commonwealth bantamweight title against Wales Matthew Edmonds. After two successful defences he moved up to super bantamweight and, in 2009, won the British title beating Mark Moran. He defended the title on four occasions, also winning the Commonwealth version of the super bantamweight title first against Matthew Marsh and then regaining the belt after giving it up against Jamie Arthur.
Booth fought for the IBF World super bantamweight title in September 2011, losing on points to Canadian champion Steve Molitor and last fought the Spaniard Kiko Martínez in a fourth attempt to at winning the European title.
Professional boxing career.
Flyweight and Super Flyweight.
Booth started his professional career in June 1996 with a third round win over Darren Noble at the Pinegrove Country Club in Sheffield. By March 1998 he had compiled an unbeaten record of 10-0 and had earned an eliminating fight for the British flyweight title against Louis Veitch, it was a fight he won by knocking out Veitch in the second round. Three more fights and three more wins followed including another victory over Veitch and a win over the unbeaten Bulgarian Dimitar Alipiev before the opportunity arose to fight for the European flyweight title. Booth was now 14-0 and travelled to France to take on reigning champion David Guerault himself only 15-0. It proved to be Booth's first defeat as the champion won a 12 round decision.
British and Commonwealth champion.
Booth followed up his first career defeat with victory back at home beating Mark Reynolds in Coventry before getting a fight with the current holder of the British and Commonwealth flyweight titles Keith Knox. The fight due to take place in Belfast on 16 October 1999 would have both titles on the line with Booth eventually winning in the 10th round. The new champion defended his Commonwealth title first when in January 2000 he beat South African Abbey Mnisi. In November 2000 he put both titles on the line when defending against 8-0 prospect Ian Napa eventually winning a 12 round unanimous decision. In February 2001, he made the second defence of his Commonwealth belt knocking out Zimbabwean, Nogthula Tshabangu at the Harvey Hadden Leisure Centre in Nottingham. Booth's brother, Nicky, was also on the bill and defeated Adey Lewis with a seventh round stoppage to crown a good night for the brothers and a unique one in British boxing history in that it was the first time that two siblings had defended titles on the same night.
European and World challenges.
His next fight saw Booth, who now had a record of 20-1 challenge once again for the European flyweight title. This time the opponent was Russian Alexander Mahmutov and the fight was to be in the Spanish capital Madrid. Booth's second career defeat once again came when challenging for European honours losing the bout again on points over 12 rounds. Booth was hoping to make it third time lucky when in June 2001 he challenged once again for the title. Mahmutov had vacated and the vacant title was up for grabs with Booth travelling back to France to face Mimoun Chent. The dream was not to be realised however when the fight was stopped in the seventh round due to a series of nasty cuts around the Frenchman's eyes, Booth ended up losing on a technical decision.
Two more non-title fights back in the United Kingdom saw Booth get back to winning ways with two more wins before, in September 2003, re-entering the championship frame. The title on the line was the IBO super flyweight crown held by South African Lunga Ntontela. The fight saw Booth put down in the seventh round but still ended with a win for the British man after claiming a split decision victory. A defence in March 2004 saw him beat Huddersfield based Dale Robinson before losing the title in December 2004 to Northern Ireland's Damaen Kelly himself a former European champion.
Personal challenges.
Alcohol addiction.
Following the loss of his IBO belt, Booth spent almost two years away from the ring as he struggled with an alcohol addiction. Speaking about the matter in 2010 Booth said "I took time off boxing because I was too drunk...No manager would look at me and all the doors were shut. I'd go on these mad binges and spend loads of money." After earning £10,000 in his fight with Damaen Kelly, Booth had spent the money on a combination of drink and drugs with the money disappearing within six weeks. Speaking about his addiction, Booth said that drink had always been a part of family life but the suicide of his sister Deana had hit him particularly hard. Booth said, "It was too young to die. She was a funloving girl. I don’t know why she did it. She got run over when she was young. She’d had a tragic time. It mentally disturbed me." Two weeks later, following the tragedy, Booth fought and beat the Bulgarian boxer Dimitar Alipiev whilst drunk, saying, "I wanted to fight because I didn’t know what to do with myself after Deana died. I was drinking on the day of the fight. I was numb. I was in no pain. I just didn’t care. It was the only time in my life I didn’t care." It was Booth's 12th professional contest. Booth said that he also fell into bad company: "I was in parks and dosshouses. I was British champion but walking around with drunks and thinking they were mates. I’d get up, drink cider and top up during the day. Sometimes, I’d get a bottle of cheap vodka and walk around with it in my pocket." Eventually Booth checked into an alcohol clinic and begun the process of getting clean: "It frightened me and I wanted to stop, but it was only when my body rejected the drink that I found the courage. My stomach packed in. I was sicking blood every morning." He began training once more with trainer Tony Harris and began to rebuild his boxing career despite occasionally relapsing into drink. Eventually he gave up drinking altogether, saying, "I’m one of those who has to be abstinent, because one drink isn’t going to do anything for me except start it all again."
Relationship with brother Nicky Booth.
The difficulties with drink and drugs were shared with brother Nicky Booth, himself a former British and Commonwealth champion, who had spent time in prison for burglary and theft. Nicky had won both titles in 2000 after beating Tommy Waite at the Everton Park Sports Centre in Liverpool and having had only 12 previous professional fights. A bantamweight, Nicky Booth made four defences of his Commonwealth title before losing to Steve Molitor in 2002 and four defences of his British title, never losing it in the ring. Booth had also competed for the IBO and WBU bantamweight titles with his last fight on 20 September 2003 being a loss to Nathan Sting for the latter belt. Nicky Booth's addiction to drugs had led him, whilst British champion, to his arrest. Booth admitted carrying out a burglary and two thefts in November and December 2003 and was sentenced to two years in prison. Jason Booth reflecting in 2010 on the time when both brothers were having difficulties said "It was bad for both of us...I managed to get back in the gym; the boxing saved me, it's that simple. Nicky is still trying." Nicky began training with Jason in 2008 in an attempt to make a comeback and in the hope that the British Boxing Board of Control would issue him a license. Speaking at the time Nicky Booth said that his last appearance in the ring, the defeat to Nathan Sting, still hurt him saying "I didn't want to fight him, I shouldn't have been in the ring that night...I wanted to pull out, but they said they would have to cancel the show if I did. I had no choice." Booth said of the fight that he had only trained for three days and was coming off alcohol and drugs adding "After round three I had nothing left. My legs had gone; everything had gone. That wasn't me fighting in there." The comeback never happened and Jason, speaking prior to his fight with Jamie Arthur in 2011, told Sky Sports boxing magazine program 'Ringside' said that he wished Nicky would have been able to make a return to the ring saying that "he tried and he's still trying now" but that "some demons are harder to shake off than others."
Bantamweight.
Commonwealth champion.
Booth made his comeback on 3 November 2006 moving up to bantamweight with a win over journeyman Abdul Mghrbel at the Barnsley Metrodome almost two years since his defeat to Kelly. He followed this up in February 2007 with a win against Jamil Hussain and then on 6 July 2007 stepped into the ring with former opponent Ian Napa to challenge for the British bantamweight title. The fight at the Robin Park Centre in Wigan saw Napa gain revenge for his defeat in 2000 with a 12 round points victory. The same venue would prove to be the location for his next fight as Booth returned on 8 December 2007 to defeat Welsh prospect Matthew Edmonds for the Commonwealth title. The win over Edmonds meant that Jason Booth could now claim to be a two weight Commonwealth champion. He defended his new title on 7 March 2008, against Ghana's Lante Addy, and won a non title bout against Dai Davies in June 2008. He made a second defence on 18 December 2008 with Dublin being the location for a challenge from Pontefract based fighter Sean Hughes. Booth won the fight in the 10th round following a corner retirement from Hughes. After the fight with Hughes, Booth said that he "didn't realise how well I boxed" and would now like a rematch with Ian Napa as they had "unfinished business."
Super bantamweight.
Two weight British champion.
On 17 April 2009, Booth won the vacant British super-bantamweight title with a victory over English champion Mark Moran. Booth had been meant to fight Lee Haskins for the British super flyweight title before Haskins pulled out with a hand injury. Moran was originally scheduled to fight Matthew Marsh for the super bantamweight title before Marsh pulled out citing difficulties in making the weight. Booth won the fight when a clash of heads forced the fight to be stopped on cuts in the sixth round although he had been dominating the fight prior to the stoppage. The victory meant that Booth had become a two weight British champion having also won the flyweight title in 1999. On 30 June 2009 Booth made the first defence of his new title against Thetford fighter Rocky Dean winning a unanimous points decision. Promoter Frank Maloney said after the fight that he would try to get Booth a world title fight in the near future.
Booths second defence of the title took place in Sunderland and saw him headline the bill against Hartlepool fighter Michael Hunter, a former holder of the belt and European champion at the weight. Booth was able to dominate the fight from the bell and Hunter made the decision not to come out for the 5th round handing victory to the champion. Booth's third defence of the title was against another former champion in Matthew Marsh. Marsh had vacated the title with the intention of taking a break from the sport and upon his return had won two contests. For Booth, a win over Marsh would mean the Lonsdale Belt would be his for keeps after making three successful defences. The fight, in Nottingham on 5 February 2010, resulted in a stoppage decision for Booth when the fight was called off in the 11th round following a severe gash to Marsh's eye. The win not only meant the Lonsdale belt but also the vacant Commonwealth title, which was also on the line, would be held by Booth meaning that Booth had now won the Commonwealth title at three different weights.
IBF World title attempt.
Following his success in the ring, Booth managed to secure an IBF World title shot against Canadian Steve Molitor, a two-time holder of the title. Molitor had initially won the title for the first time with a win over former Booth opponent Michael Hunter on 10 November 2006 defending five times before losing Celestino Caballero in Ontario on 21 November 2008. He regained the title on 27 March 2010 beating South African Takalani Ndlovu and the fight with Booth due to take place in the North of England would be his first defence. Molitor had also held the Commonwealth bantamweight title earlier in his career, defeating Jason's brother Nicky Booth on 21 November 2002 to lift the belt meaning that Moiltor would have eventually fought both brothers. Speaking about his career to date when announcing the fight, Booth paid tribute to the sport and reflected on how his life might have turned out: "If I hadn't had boxing, I'd be dead, the drink would have beaten me. I've got my kids now, they're my focus and I think I've just grown up". In the end, on 11 September 2010 in Sunderland, Booth lost a majority decision to the Canadian with two judges scoring 116-113 and 116-112 to Molitor with the third scoring the fight a draw at 114-114. After the fight Booth stated that his new ambition was to win the European title after coming up short on three occasions so far in his career saying that he would relish a shot at the new champion Kiko Martinez.
Unification and European title fights.
On 5 February 2011 Booth retained his British title for the fourth time and retained his old Commonwealth title. His opponent, Jamie Arthur, had won the vacant belt beating Kris Hughes after Booth had given it up in order to fight for the World title. The fight, at the Brentwood Leisure Centre, resulted in a split decision win with both fighters suffering cuts during the fight. Speaking after the fight, Booth's manager Jimmy Gill said that the fight had only been arranged with three weeks' notice and said that Jason had only just come back from holiday and so had little time to prepare. Gill said, "Jason is 34 in November and small guys like him don't normally last that long. They burn out". He added that he would never allow Booth to take a fight at such short notice again, saying, "That was a favour to promoter Frank Maloney...It was a big ask but he pulled it off...But it was a one-off, I'll never do it again." Of the fight, Booth paid tribute to Arthur, saying, "That was the hardest fight I've had yet...I had to show heart because I was getting out-foxed by a clever champ. For saying we had three weeks' notice, we put on a good show." Following the fight, it was confirmed that Booth would challenge Spain's Kiko Martínez for the European super bantamweight title, the fourth time Booth would have fought for a variation of the European belt. The fight against Martínez was eventually confirmed for Spain and took place on 15 April 2011 in front of a sell out 30,000 crowd in the city of Madrid. Martínez, a former two time European champion, won the fight in front of his home fans when in the tenth round a left hook was catalyst for the referee to call off the fight early, the first time Booth had been stopped in his career to date.
Loss of British title.
Booth finally lost his British title in his next fight on 22 October 2011 suffering a 7th round defeat against Scott Quigg at the Reebok Stadium in Bolton. Quigg called the victory "the best night of my career so far" adding "I couldn’t believe how everything went perfectly".

</doc>
<doc id="19970796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970796" title="Astragalus andersonii">
Astragalus andersonii

Astragalus andersonii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Anderson's milkvetch. It is native to eastern California and western Nevada, where it is found in the plateaus at the foot of the Sierra Nevada, including the Modoc Plateau. 
Description.
This is a small perennial herb forming a thick patch on the ground, the stems reaching about 20 centimeters in maximum length. The plant is coated in dense gray to white wavy hairs. The leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and made up of several oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is a projecting or upright array of 12 to 26 pealike flowers. Each flower is white, often purple-tinted or purple-veined, and between 1 and 2 centimeters long. The fruit is a curved legume pod 1 to 2 centimeters long. 
It is coated in very long white hairs and dries to a thick papery texture, the beans inside rattling with the wind.

</doc>
<doc id="19970804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970804" title="Emerald Towers">
Emerald Towers


</doc>
<doc id="19970805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970805" title="Euxoa obelisca">
Euxoa obelisca

The Square-spot Dart "(Euxoa obelisca)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies from July to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants, such as "Helianthemum nummularium" and "Galium" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19970834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970834" title="Chenuala heliaspis">
Chenuala heliaspis

The Rose Anthelid ("Chenuala heliaspis") is a moth of the family Anthelidae. It is endemic to Australia.
The wingspan is approximately 6 cm for males and 7 cm for females.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Eucalyptus", "Acacia" and "Pinus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19970839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970839" title="Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia">
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia

The Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT) (the name's words can be translated in english as "Italian Institute of Technology") is a foundation established jointly by the "Ministero dell'Istruzione, dell'Università e della Ricerca" (Ministry of the Italian government for the national education system, the Italian universities and research) and the "Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze" ((Ministry of the Italian government for the Economy and the Finances) to promote excellence in basic and applied research and to contribute to the economic development of Italy. Primary goals of the IIT are the creation and dissemination of scientific knowledge as well as strengthening Italy's technological competitiveness. To achieve these two goals, the IIT will cooperate with both academic institutions and private organizations, fostering through these partnerships scientific development, technological advances and training in high technology.
The Scientific Plan 2009-2011 aims at developing the results of the start-up and sets a general framework which combines the integration and the reinforcement of the departments, the national network and the research platforms.
The Scientific Plan 2009-2011 is the evolution of the 2005-2008 plan], which was dealing with a large scale program on Humanoid Robotics. According to the 2005-2008 strategic plan, the Humanoid Robotics program had a strong interdisciplinary character, merging human and humanoid technologies through the development of 3 technology platforms: Robotics, Neuroscience and Drug Discovery and Development (D3), supported by a few facilities for nano-biotechnologies (such as material science, nanofabrication, chemistry and biochemistry, electron microscopy laboratories etc.). Each platform was meant to develop specific topics/tasks in different IIT research units, such as the Departments built in Genoa, or, in some cases, the external research units forming the multidisciplinary research network of IIT country-wide.
To date the research infrastructure of IIT in Genoa has been completed. It consists of more than 500 staff from 30 different countries, operating in a 25000 sqm facility equipped with state-of-the-art laboratories distributed over three Robotics departments (Robotics, Brain and Cognitive Sciences; Advanced Robotics; TeleRobotics and Applications) and two life-science oriented departments (Neuroscience and Brain Technologies, and Drug Discovery and Development, D3), and a few shared facilities including nanofabrication clean room, material science lab, chemistry lab, biochemistry lab, animal facility, electron microscopy, mechanical and electronic workshops. The growth of the Humanoid Robotic program at IIT is witnessed by the exceptional development of the iCub robot (see the movie below), which merges in a unique way the engineering, the neuroscience, and the material science know-how existing at the Institute.
The new strategic plan 2009-2011 aims at consolidating the capabilities accomplished by IIT in the start-up phase, by developing a few new platforms instrumental to the evolution of the Humanoid Robotic program, meanwhile providing new opportunities to foster technological solutions useful in many different fields of the everyday life. The new platforms represent the natural evolution of the existing ones, and they originate from the idea of making iCub closer and closer to a human, namely: to power the robot with portable, high efficiency energy sources, to develop smart materials with biomimetic characteristics, to investigate the interaction between artificial nanosystems and biological entities (such as cells) in view of future interconnections but also to assess safety issues. These activities, will be supported by an integrated multiscale computation activity. Though each one the above topics have their own rationale and field of application, their combination and synergic development within the humanoid robotic program is the great challenge of the 2009-2011 strategic plan of IIT. With reference to the scheme above, the 2009-2011 strategic plan prioritised technological platforms can be identified as:
The implementation of the scientific program outlined so far will require the following actions:
Details on the scientific activity to be performed within each platform are given in the following Scientific Plan
Recently a ninth centre was created, The Brain Center for Motor and Social Cognition: SMC@UniPr – Parma, Università di Parma

</doc>
<doc id="19970862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970862" title="Uche Okafor (footballer born 1991)">
Uche Okafor (footballer born 1991)

Uche Okafor (born 10 February 1991) is a Nigerian football Goalkeeper currently playing for Enugu Rangers.
International career.
Okafor represented his country at the 2007 U-17 World Cup in South Korea and played one game on the world championship team. He represented the Flying Eagles at 2009 African Youth Championship in Rwanda at the 2009 U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19970869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970869" title="1972 Major League Baseball Draft">
1972 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1972 Major League Baseball draft.
"*" Did not sign
Background.
The Montreal Expos had perhaps their best draft in franchise history. The Expos grabbed outfielder Ellis Valentine in round two of the June regular phase and then selected catcher Gary Carter one round later. The Pirates also did well, selecting pitcher John Candelaria in round two and second baseman Willie Randolph in round seven.
Some of the significant picks from the regular phase in June included Rick Manning (Cleveland) and Scott McGregor (New York Yankees) in round one. Also selected in the first round were Chet Lemon (Oakland), Larry Christenson (Philadelphia) and the number one pick, Dave Roberts (San Diego). Roberts went directly to the Padres starting third base position from the University of Oregon campus. The biggest steal was pulled off by the Texas Rangers when they selected infielder Mike Hargrove from Northwestern State University in the 25th round.

</doc>
<doc id="19970885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970885" title="The Spiral Astana">
The Spiral Astana


</doc>
<doc id="19970900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970900" title="Fred Robert Trotter">
Fred Robert Trotter

Frederick Robert Trotter (August 20, 1861 – September 4, 1934, age 73) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1903 to 1919 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, the son of Robert Trotter, a Scottish immigrant, and Ann Maclennan. He was the grandson of the Reverend Thomas Trotter. He was educated at Saint Francis Xavier College. Trotter served on the town council for Antigonish and was mayor in 1897 and 1898. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1903 by-election held after Angus McGillivray was named to the bench. Trotter died in Antigonish.

</doc>
<doc id="19970901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970901" title="Archanara geminipuncta">
Archanara geminipuncta

The Twin-spotted Wainscot "(Archanara geminipuncta)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe and South-west Asia.
The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Phragmites.

</doc>
<doc id="19970911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970911" title="Grand Alatau">
Grand Alatau


</doc>
<doc id="19970913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970913" title="Supplier-induced demand">
Supplier-induced demand

In economics, supplier induced demand (SID) may occur when asymmetry of information exists between supplier and consumer. The supplier can use superior information to encourage an individual to demand a greater quantity of the good or service they supply than the Pareto efficient level, should asymmetric information not exist. The result of this is a welfare loss.
Health economics.
The doctor-patient relationship is key to the practice of healthcare and is central to the delivery of high quality efficient care while maintaining costs. Controversy surrounds the extent and existence of supplier induced demand (SID). Some believe it is ideological rather than evidence based. Validity of results from different models is reported to lack consensus, making policy difficult to develop and implement. Normative definitions cast negative aspersions on physicians indicating they act as imperfect agents for their own self-interests. A positive perspective of SID focuses on a physician's ability to shift a patient's demand curve to the right. Demand inducement refers to a "physician's alleged ability to shift patients' demand for medical care at a given price, that is, to convince patients to increase their use of medical care without lowering the price charged." Economists have explored how this additional care will affect patient welfare.
In health economics, supplier induced demand (SID) can be defined as the amount of demand that exists beyond what would have occurred in a market in which patients are fully informed. In healthcare, a physician acts as an agent on behalf of the patient (the principal) guiding them to make the best possible treatment decisions. This agency relationship is influenced by information asymmetry between a physician and a patient, where it is assumed that the physician has more knowledge about diagnostic and treatment options than the patient. Asymmetry of information can also be influenced by the physician's own clinical experiences, expertise, and professional judgment as sometimes a patient will request their physician's personal opinion to aid them in making a healthcare decision. A physician who is a "perfect agent" is one who would make recommendations for a patient that the patient would make for themselves if they had the same information. SID can occur because of a breakdown in this agency relationship and happens when a physician recommends or encourages a patient to consume more care than is required for their medical problem, for example, ordering tests that the physician knows are not needed to make a diagnosis or ordering treatments that the physician knows will have minimal benefit. 
Theories to Explain Supplier Induced Demand.
Target Income Hypothesis
The target income hypothesis suggests that a physician is motivated to maintain a certain level of desired income (the target) and if their actual income falls below this level, they will then modify their behavior to restore their income back up to the target. Behavior modifications may include alterations in the physician's recommendations to patients as to the extent or appropriateness of diagnostic and treatment modalities in order to produce additional income to meet the target. Obstetricians who recommend C-sections as a standard of care for delivering babies may be using their power and authority over pregnant women and their partners as a revenue generator to reach or maintain their target income. Jonathan Gruber and Maria Owings looked at the relationship between physician financial incentives and cesarean section delivery by examining declining fertility rates in the United States. The fee-for-service (FFS) physician incentive structure makes it easier for SID to occur since it rewards the physician for increasing the quantity of services delivered rather than for the actual quality of the services; this could induce the physician to offer a higher number of services than would be the optimal amount for the patient in order to increase revenue. Some of the proposed healthcare models in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) could modify how a physician is reimbursed for delivering care that would reward quality over quantity thereby reducing SID. One of these models, the Accountable care organization (ACO), reimburses a physician through a gain-sharing model that encourages them to collaborate with other providers to deliver care thus removing some of the individual incentives to induce demand. Pay for performance may also provide a strategy to discourage overuse of unnecessary, low-value interventions by reimbursing for quality of care delivered.
Professional Uncertainty Hypothesis
The professional uncertainty hypothesis suggests that due to autonomy and individual practice patterns, physicians differ in their opinions regarding the effectiveness, appropriateness, and success rates of various treatment options for a particular condition. This leads to a level of uncertainty which may result in a lack of uniformly acceptable standards of care that can be followed by all physicians. This uncertainty may lead to different levels of recommended consumption (demand) to patients for healthcare services. The use of evidence based guidelines based on scientific evidence of improved outcomes for the diagnosis and treatment of a particular condition may reduce some physician autonomy but have a greater impact in reducing the professional uncertainty that may lead to SID.
Variations in Care and SID.
It is unclear the extent to which SID explains geographic variations in care. It is a complicated topic. It is difficult to know how much is done explicitly to raise a physician's income and how much is practice style or professional uncertainty. Physicians who are more entrepreneurial may be interested in maximizing income. Surgeons may have more opportunity to manipulate demand. They may be more enthusiastic about certain procedures they perform because they generate more revenue or because they value the surgical treatment.
Overutilization
The simple adage, "if you build it they will come," applies to SID and the medical profession. It appears when resources are available, overutilization occurs even when improved quality and outcomes are uncertain. This occurs daily in hospital intensive care units, at primary care physician offices and with overutilization of expensive radiologic technology and laboratory testing. "Research suggests that those who invest in imaging equipment order more CT and MRI tests than doctors who haven't made the investment." Analysts report that physicians reflexively respond to receiving positive test results by ordering more tests. Variation in medical practices can result in SID without producing increased quality outcomes. When standardized treatment pathways are unavailable to agents and principals a degree of uncertainty exists resulting in increased requests for unwarranted services. As a result, overutilization of supplies and services may occur without evidence of improved quality.
Due to the number of contributing factors for the consumption of healthcare resources, it is difficult to isolate instances of supplier induced demand. However, there are many reasons for SID in healthcare that are important to understand including reimbursement rates, competition, physician incentives and practices. Increased levels and costs of technology, as well as changing practices and the lack of evidence based medicine or defined standards of care allow more room for supplier induced demand. To further elaborate, take the example of PSA (prostate specific antigen) testing and early stage prostate cancer. Published guidelines have varied over the past few decades enough to cause doubt in a true standard of care. With a number of treatment options including minimal to no healthcare interventions (watchful waiting, active surveillance, surgery, radiation therapy, etc.), patients may be influenced by providers to consume more healthcare than they would have otherwise given the asymmetry of information and marketing of treatment options from hospitals, physicians and industry. Externalities which influence supplier induced demand include direct to consumer marketing and patient susceptibility to marketing to the extent that demand induced supply is now being documented in health economics.
New technology and overutilization in supplier induced demand.
Physicians are by nature and duty patient advocates, guiding the patient through joint decision making. This in part stems from a large knowledge differential between the two, a term known as asymmetric information, and evidenced by the differential between patients and physicians' interpretation of medical terms, underscoring the need for physicians to cross examine patients to verify whether they understand the terminology used in the clinical encounter. While the physician bears the brunt of the knowledge differential, the patient is also responsible for sharing their entire medical history, concerns, barriers to and preferences for treatment in order for the physician to be an effective advocate for their health . In effect, the patient provides all relevant information to the physician and relies on the physician to make the clinical decisions for them. This relationship requires a great deal of trust on the part of the patient, assuming that the clinical decisions made solely focus on patient health.
However, a physician's behavior may also be influenced by their desired income level. The current system is oriented towards fee for service, punishing lower utilization and rewarding overutilization through increased revenue. Physicians may use their knowledge differential and influence over patients to increase utilization of imaging or screening services, given the potential financial rewards.
The behaviors seen in supplier induced demand in healthcare have contributed to our current overuse of imaging and diagnostic tests, which has resulted in an upward spiraling of medical costs projected to equal 20% of our GDP by 2015. The advent of newer technology has not only led to improvements in care, but also to potentially unnecessary screening and diagnostic testing possibly influenced by financial incentives to referring physicians, practice behavior of referring physicians, US health system, comparative effectiveness research, appropriateness criteria, and quality gaps in evidence-based care. It has been suggested that fragmented care processes, imperfect patient memory, and lack of electronic medical records also contribute to the overutilization of imaging services. As a result, imaging services and physicians' reliance on these technologies have increased at a dramatically higher rate than other technologies. Advancements in imaging have broadened their application, increasing uptake. For instance, positron-emission technology (PET) is now used in oncology and degenerative diseases of the central nervous system. Similarly, overutilization is evidenced in the promotion of CT scans for private offices.
As physician owned surgical centers and specialty hospitals increasingly use imaging services, insurers question the cost benefit ratio of the technology. Data also suggests that physicians tend to refer well insured patients to physician owned facilities, while referring Medicaid patients to hospital outpatient clinics, thus financial incentives to self-refer to physician owned facilities may affect the referral patterns of less financially beneficial patients. As pointed out in one case, it is difficult to identify this type of overutilization "fraud". In the high profile case of Dr. Mark Midei, he inserted cardiac stents in over 500 patients whose artery occlusion rates did not warrant surgical intervention according to standards of care. The hospital Dr. Midei practiced at agreed to pay $22 million fine to settle charges.
Another cardiologist in Louisiana was sentenced to 10 years in prison, convicted on 51 counts of billing private and government health insurers for unnecessarily implanting cardiac stents, and the hospital he practiced at was forced to pay a $3.8 million settlement to the Department of Justice and $7.4 million class action lawsuit.
Another contributing factor to overutilization is a lack of real time cost available to both the physician and the patient. Physicians are unable to ascertain the true cost of a screening, imaging, or lab test thereby making it difficult for them to determine how much they are charging the system. Effects of overutilization on patients can include unnecessary radiation exposure and false positive results. Initiatives are underway to curtail excessive screenings that have been deemed unnecessary, such as limiting prostate cancer screening as the United States Preventive Services Task Force recently found inadequate evidence to determine whether treatment for prostate cancer detected by screening actually improves health outcomes. Studies in geographic variation have shown no difference in patient outcomes between physicians who practice in high cost areas and those who practice in low cost areas.
A 2009 American Board of Radiology Foundation summit to address overutilization also identified defensive medicine and patients as contributory factors to the issue. Defensive medicine is an order for imaging as a result of potential malpractice, rather than benefit to the patient. It has been estimated to account for 5-25% of all imaging costs. Patient demand often stems from little financial responsibility for costs associated with imaging, as well as information from other individuals, radio, the media, and the Internet with disproportionate understanding of the implications of imaging (further testing, exposure to radiation). Patients are being targeted to "self-present" to imaging facilities for uncovered imaging services that claim to offer screen for undetected coronary artery disease and cancer in the lungs and other organs. However, the false positives observed for CT screening of coronary artery disease are similar to the levels of other noninvasive tests for ischemic heart disease and some data indicate these services do not yield more precise results. For instance, data from electron-beam CT did not outperform the Framingham Risk Index for predicting coronary events.8 Researchers suggest that the use of CT scanning for cancer screening cannot offer patients complete "peace of mind" as there are still issues of sensitivity and specificity, raising concerns over the implications of false negatives.
Concerns over overutilization of diagnostic tests have prompted the definition of "high value care" as the health benefits of an intervention justifies its harms and costs. Some examples of low value care include a repeat ultrasonography for abdominal aortic aneurysm following a negative study or screening low risk individuals for hepatitis B virus infection. Routine low back pain imaging is another area of overutilized imaging. To curb future costs, it has also been proposed to include stewardship of resources (avoiding the overuse and misuse of diagnostic tests) as a general competency of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education/American Board of Medical Specialties for residency training and evaluation.12 Value based insurance design and personalized medicine are other methods being touted as solutions to bending the cost curve and reducing overutilization.
Physicians owning their own diagnostic and treatment facilities 
In one report that identified the influence of the location of care delivery on SID, it was found that physicians were more likely to treat the low-severity patients at their physician-owned facility rather than to increase the overall number of procedures that were done in the population in order to increase revenue.
Geography
Variation may also exist from regional or local community practice, and utilization of healthcare services can vary widely. McAllen, Texas, is one of the most expensive healthcare markets in the U.S., where in 2006 Medicare spent $15,000 per enrollee here, which was almost twice the national average.
Direct-to-consumer advertising Three out of four patients who ask a physician about a particular medication have that medication prescribed to them because they saw advertising for it. This results in a change in prescribing habits such that a physician will prescribe the more expensive requested medication rather than a lower price generic alternative. Advertising for cosmetic surgery services can influence patients and physicians, extending even into the area of cosmetic gynecology where outcomes are unproven.
Ethical Concerns of SID.
The growing trend of "boutique" or "concierge" primary care physicians who advertise "more personal care" can be viewed as an example of SID. Concierge medicine is based on an annual fee paid by the consumer. Proponents believe this model will increase the quality of care delivered to those individuals who subscribe to it. Opponents argue it creates a two tier system, with better care for those who can afford it.
SID can be associated with Medicare fraud and can be a prosecutable offense for reasons that include conducting and billing for unnecessary medical procedures in patients who have little or no disease. Another ethical concern is the rise in healthcare spending that can be caused by SID. SID may also be influenced by moral hazard where consumption of healthcare services may be increased when an individual's responsibility for the cost of a treatment is low.
The Economics around Healthcare Reform.
The number of physicians entering primary care practice decreases, while the number of specialists increases. Thus, despite the growing number of patients who are demanding access to healthcare, there continues to be a greater supply of specialists, and fewer primary care physicians. This phenomenon leads to greater costs and strain in the system in terms of unnecessary procedures, less access and consumer apathy on cost of care within an already fragmented healthcare system. Additionally, many economists question whether or not doctors use their relationship with the patient for their own financial advantage by recommending and providing health services that the patient would have refused if well informed. This concept is referred to as supplier induced demand.
Access to care challenges are exacerbated by the introduction of the baby boomers into the healthcare system. The aging boomer population is just now reaching the age of 65 and becoming eligible for Medicare. At the same time, fee for service reimbursement from the public payers, followed by the private payers is declining. Not only is the number of primary care physicians dwindling, but this decline in reimbursement causes many of these physicians to reduce the number of appointment slots for Medicare patients. This growing barrier to primary care physicians and the preventive care they provide means that more patients are being seen in less appropriate and less efficient venues of care (such as emergency rooms).
However, the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) and the recent SCOTUS affirmation of the individual mandate attempt to solve some of the challenges behind the current supplier induced demand. This includes Section 3021 of the Act, which calls for the development of a Center of Medicare and Medicaid Services Innovation Center (CMMI). This new Center fosters health care transformation by finding new ways to pay for and deliver care that improves quality and health while lowering costs. These innovative models of payment and care service delivery include care for Medicare, Medicaid and CHIP beneficiaries using an open, transparent, and competitive process. Other provisions of PPACA include the establishment of additional methods designed to move the current system from volume (fee for service) to value (outcomes based payment), such as the Medicare Shared Savings Program. Standard economic theory makes no allowance at all for the possibility that the supplier would influence the position of the demand curve.
The patient's role in supplier induced demand has not gone ignored by public or private stakeholders. There are numerous efforts underway to understand how to involve the consumer in shared decision making and taking responsibility for health that may contribute to supplier induced demand. The development of the Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI) was created to conduct research to provide information about the best available evidence to help patients and their health care providers make more informed decisions. PCORI's research is intended to give patients a better understanding of the prevention, treatment and care options available, and the science that supports those options. PCORI was established by Congress through the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act but is by law an independent, non-profit organization.
Lastly, reimbursement for providers is mostly on a fee for service basis and services rendered are paid for on an individual basis. There is no limit to the number of services rendered, or expectation that payment is based on any particular outcome. In recent years however, attention has been paid to entities in the industry (payer or payer/provider collaborations) who have innovated on different ways to pay for services rendered which depend entirely on outcomes. These methods hold all parties accountable for the outcomes of the services rendered.

</doc>
<doc id="19970923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970923" title="Ivo Pękalski">
Ivo Pękalski

Ivo Dominik Pękalski ( born 3 November 1990 in Lund) is a Swedish footballer of Polish descent who currently plays for BK Häcken.
Career.
Club career.
Early career.
Pękalski began his career with Linero IF and has also played for Lunds BK, after few years with the club he was bought by Landskrona BoIS. On 27 July 2009 Pękalski was transferred from Landskrona BoIS to Malmö FF.
Malmö FF.
After only playing for the reserve team during his first year at the club he clinched a permanent spot in the starting eleven for the 2010 season. Together with Wílton Figueiredo he formed a very strong central midfield in 2010 and that was one of the major reasons why Malmö FF won the title. Consistent injury problems made Pękalski miss some matches for the 2011 season and he eventually decided to rest at the end of the season and focus on recovering fully for the 2012 season. Pękalski continued to struggle with his injury problems during the 2012 season but nevertheless played 21 matches and scored one goal for Mamö FF. Having played only one league match due to injuries as well as being discontent with the club's rehab procedures, Pękalski left the club after the 2013 season.
International career.
Pękalski was selected for the annual training camp for the Sweden national team in January 2011, but withdrew due to minor injury problems. He was also selected for the same camp in 2012, but also this time he missed out due to injury problems. The squad selection for the camp traditionally feature the best Swedish players in domestic and other Scandinavian leagues. Pękalski was selected for the third time in 2013 and was finally able to accept the invitation after an injury-ridden season. He made his début for the national team in the 2013 King's Cup on 23 January 2013 against North Korea when he was subbed on in the second half. Pękalski played from the start in the following fixture against Finland on 26 January in the same tournament.
Personal life.
Pękalski's parents are from Rzeszów, Poland. His father, Roman Pękalski, coached him until he was 14. He has a brother, Phillip, 12 years younger.

</doc>
<doc id="19970930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970930" title="Enargia paleacea">
Enargia paleacea

The Angle-striped Sallow "(Enargia paleacea)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 40–60 mm. The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Birch and sometimes Populus tremula.

</doc>
<doc id="19970932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970932" title="Globe Tobacco Building">
Globe Tobacco Building

The Globe Tobacco Building is a manufacturing building located at 407 East Fort Street in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. It is the oldest tobacco manufactory extant in Detroit, and is listed by the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The tobacco industry was a leading component of Detroit's economy during the latter half of the nineteenth century, and by the 1890s was the largest industry in the city. Globe Tobacco, which was one of the largest five manufacturers in the city, was established in 1871 by O. P. Hazard, Thomas McGraw, Hiram Walker, and William Moore. Construction began in 1888. The Globe Tobacco Company went out of business in 1925. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
At one time the company Real Times Media, owner of black newspapers in the US, had its headquarters in the Globe Tobacco Building.
Architecture.
Alexander Chapoton, of one of Detroit's oldest French families, built the six-story red brick Romanesque mill-style building with load-bearing masonry walls and heavy timbered roof and floors. A -story entrance archway is located in the center bay on the south side, and is flanked by two concrete spheres.
Redstone Architects designed the renovation for the building into office space in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19970953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970953" title="Ken Dala Towers">
Ken Dala Towers


</doc>
<doc id="19970958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970958" title="This Is My Live">
This Is My Live

This Is My Live is the name of the second live album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, released on December 12, 2007 in Greece and Cyprus by Minos EMI. The album was recorded on September 9, 2007 at Rouvas' sold-out show at Lycabetus Theatre with an audience of 7,000. The concert was the final stop on the musician's Benefit Tour for the Greek fire victims of 2007. The combined effort of the tour and other appearances by Rouvas raised over €1.000.000 in fundraiser, becoming one of the greatest sources of aid and relief. The majority of the proceeds of this concert went to fire victims in Greece, particularly those of the 2007 Greek forest fires, however, another intention was to promote blood donation which was running short in Athens. As a result, thousands of pints of blood were collected. 
The album ranked at number 34 on the IFPI Greece 2007 Annual Top 50 Greek Albums. 
Track listing.
DVD.
Extras
Singles.
"Stous 31 Dromous"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19970959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970959" title="Polia bombycina">
Polia bombycina

The Pale Shining Brown "(Polia bombycina)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone from Ireland to Japan including the Russian Far East and Siberia.
The wingspan is 43–52 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants - "Betula" sp., "Alnus incana", "Sorbus aucuparia", "Prunus padus", "Pimpinella saxifraga", "Angelica silvestris", "Galium verum", "Chrysanthemum vulgare", "Artemisia campestris", "Artemesia absinthium", "Artemesia vulgaris", "Hieracium umbellatum".

</doc>
<doc id="19970963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970963" title="1990 ATP German Open">
1990 ATP German Open

The 1990 German Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 83rd edition of the Hamburg Masters (Hamburg Masters), and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1990 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center in Hamburg, Germany, from May 7 through May 14, 1990.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 3, Brussels, Stuttgart titlist, Australian Open, Monte Carlo quarter-finalist Boris Becker, Miami, San Francisco winner, recent Indian Wells finalist Andre Agassi and Tokyo Outdoor winner and U.S. Open semi-finalist Aaron Krickstein. Other top seeds were Estoril titlist Emilio Sánchez, Jay Berger, Andrés Gómez and Michael Chang.

</doc>
<doc id="19970968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970968" title="Roosevelt College Quirino">
Roosevelt College Quirino

Roosevelt College Quirino is a defunct college founded in 1953 in Quezon City, Philippines. Its former name was Roosevelt Memorial High School. The college closed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19970984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970984" title="Harold Knerr">
Harold Knerr

Harold Hering Knerr (September 4, 1882 – July 8, 1949) was an American comic strip creator, who signed his work H. H. Knerr. He was best known as the writer-artist of "The Katzenjammer Kids" for 35 years.
Born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, Harold Knerr's father was Calvin B. Knerr, a German physician who had migrated to the United States. His mother was Melitta Hering, daughter of Constantine Hering, a pioneer of homeopathy. After attending the Episcopal Academy, he studied for two years at the Philadelphia College of Art and then became a newspaper illustrator. He recalled, "My first newspaper work was drawing pictures of gravestones atop the oldest graves in a local cemetery for "The Philadelphia Record". These were paid for at the fee of three dollars each."
Comic strips.
According to Knerr authority James Lowe, Knerr was extremely prolific, producing more than 1,500 Sunday comic pages between 1901 and 1914 for a half-dozen continuing features in three different Philadelphia newspapers.
He created his first comic strip, "Zoo-Illogical Snapshots", for the "Public Ledger". In 1899, when he was 18, he started working for the "Philadelphia Inquirer". In 1901, he drew the Sunday strip, "Willie's Revenge", followed by a number of comic strips, including the "Mr. Jack"-inspired "Mr. George and His Wife" (1904–14). In 1906, he took over the strip "Scary William" and continued it until 1914. From June 15, 1913 to November 15, 1914, he drew "The Irresistible Rag". (The cartoonist Joe Doyle drew both "Scary William" and "The Irresistible Rag" after Knerr left these strips.) 
From 1903 to 1914, he drew "The Fineheimer Twins", an imitation of "The Katzenjammer Kids", which made it obvious he was the ideal artist to replace Rudolph Dirks on "The Katzenjammer Kids".
"The Katzenjammer Kids".
Knerr took over "The Katzenjammer Kids" Sunday strip in November 1914 when Dirks left the Hearst-owned "New York Morning Journal" after a legal dispute. 
During World War I, some newspapers retitled the strip as "The Shenanigan Kids", and the nationality of the characters was changed to Dutch instead of German because of World War I anti-German sentiments. It changed back to its original name and contents in 1920. He continued to write and draw the strip until his death in 1949, when it was taken over by Charles H. Winner.
Knerr's continuation of "The Katzenjammer Kids" has been praised as "a particularly brilliant job... true to the spirit of the original, and yet stylistically his own."
"Dinglehoofer und His Dog Adolph".
On May 16, 1926, Knerr started "Dinglehoofer und His Dog Adolph", a topper which accompanied "The Katzenjammer Kids" until two years after his death. By 1936, to avoid any association with Adolf Hitler, the dog's name was changed to Schnappsy.
Knerr never married. In New York during the 1940s, he lived in the Hotel Blackstone at 50 East 58th Street. On July 8, 1949, he died in Manhattan from heart disease, survived by a sister in Carmel, California and a brother in Philadelphia.
Bibliography.
Books of "Katzenjammer Kids" comics were produced in the 1930s, including "Katzenjammer Kids in the Mountains" (1934, Saalfield Publishing) and "The Katzenjammer Kids" (1939, Dell Publishing). In 1935, Whitman published "Dinglehoofer und his Dog Adolph".

</doc>
<doc id="19970985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19970985" title="Thelymitra pauciflora">
Thelymitra pauciflora

Thelymitra pauciflora, commonly called the Slender Sun Orchid, is a species of orchid which is endemic to Australia. It grows to 50 cm in height and produces grey-blue, blue, white, pink or purple flowers between August and January (late winter to mid summer) in its native range.
The species was first formally described by botanist Robert Brown in 1810 in "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae". 
The species occurs in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19971000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971000" title="Ritz-Carlton Astana">
Ritz-Carlton Astana


</doc>
<doc id="19971008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971008" title="Effective exchange rate">
Effective exchange rate

Effective Exchange Rate is an index that describes the relative strength of a currency relative to a basket of other currencies. Although typically that basket is trade-weighted, the trade-weighted effective exchange rate index is not the only way to derive a meaningful effective exchange rate index. Ho(2012)proposed a new approach to compiling effective exchange rate indices. It defines the effective exchange rate as a ratio if the "normalized Exchange Value of Currency i against the US dollar" to the normalized exchange value of the "benchmark currency basket" against the US dollar. The US dollar is here used as numeraire for convenience, and since it cancels out, in principle any other currency can be used instead without affecting the results. The benchmark currency basket is a GDP-weighted basket of the major fully convertible currencies of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19971010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971010" title="Pterapherapteryx sexalata">
Pterapherapteryx sexalata

The Small Seraphim ("Pterapherapteryx sexalata") is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Willow.

</doc>
<doc id="19971015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971015" title="Purbeck miniature railway">
Purbeck miniature railway

Purbeck Miniature Railway is a gauge miniature railway, located at The Purbeck School near Wareham, Dorset, England. Construction started in the late 1980s in co-operation with the Weymouth & District Society of Model Engineers and has unfortunately closed due to building works on The Purbeck School.
The line runs from a passenger station at Monument, around the main playground, before crossing a bridge and passing through a tunnel to reach the second station where the main sheds are located. The line is approximately long.
Rolling stock.
The line has built its own rolling stock over the years, inspired by Heywood designs. There is a range of wagons for maintenance purposes including a ballast hopper, weedkiller tank, guards vans and open wagons. The passenger stock also varies from enclosed 4 wheel coaches to open sit astride trolleys.
Petrol and electric locomotives
Steam locomotives
Signalling.
There is a signal box at Purbeck South which controls the points and semaphore signals, allowing more than one train to operate at once. At Monument there is a simple arrangement of two platforms and a turntable, which is operated by the Guard, Shunter or Driver.
Public operating.
The line used to give rides to the public at car boot events, which were normally held on the first Sunday of each month. They now only operate on special occasions as requested throughout the year.
Junior Members Club.
The line runs its own club for young people run by Noel Donnely, an ex purbeck school teacher. The line takes pride in inviting other young members from Dorset to join for Free you are required to pay 50p for every session and sign into the logbook and only then can you Drive, Work the signal box and Guard on the railway. Public are welcome to come along and look and ride on the railway at the meetings or on special occasions and open days.

</doc>
<doc id="19971025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971025" title="Mirza Jelečak">
Mirza Jelečak

Mirza Jelečak (born 2 March 1983 in Sarajevo) is a retired Bosnian-born Swedish footballer who last played for IK Sirius as a midfielder.
Career.
He has previously played for Örebro SK, Landskrona BoIS, Dalkurd FF and FC Väsby United.
International career.
Jelečak has represented the Sweden U18 team and the Sweden U19 team.
Personal life.
He holds both Swedish and Bosnian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19971030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971030" title="Charles Uniacke Mader">
Charles Uniacke Mader

Charles Uniacke Mader (April 10, 1856 – ) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Liberal member from 1904 to 1911.
He was born in Maders Cove, Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia, the son of Francis Mader, of German descent, and Mary Andrews. He first worked as a clerk in a general store and then went into business on his own in Mahone Bay in 1880. In the same year, he married Martha Ernest. Mader built a general store in Mahone Bay in 1887 and also operated a fishing fleet. He served as a member of the local school board. In 1884, he married Charlotte A. Keddy after the death of his first wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19971054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971054" title="List of airports in the Durban area">
List of airports in the Durban area

The following are airports serving the Durban area.

</doc>
<doc id="19971072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971072" title="Alfred Günther">
Alfred Günther

Alfred Günther (25 April 1917 – 15 June 1944) was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Günther, SS service number 392 402, commanded the 3rd Company, 1st SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion. and became the first member of the unit to be awarded the Knight's Cross on 3 March 1943.
He was later transferred to the 101st SS Heavy Panzer Battalion and commanded a Tiger tank in the 3rd Platoon, 3rd Company.
He was killed when his Tiger tank was hit by an aircraft bomb on 15 June 1944.
His grave is in War Graves cemetery at La Cambe: Block 30 Row 8 grave 303.

</doc>
<doc id="19971092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971092" title="Laspeyria flexula">
Laspeyria flexula

The Beautiful Hook-tip ("Laspeyria flexula") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 23–27 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Willow and Populus tremula.

</doc>
<doc id="19971123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971123" title="Eupithecia simpliciata">
Eupithecia simpliciata

The Plain Pug "(Eupithecia simpliciata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone, from western Europe to north-western China (Xinjiang).
The wingspan is 21–23 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Atriplex", "Chenopodium", "Artemisia maritima" and "Artemisia vulgaris".

</doc>
<doc id="19971124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971124" title="1928–29 FA Cup">
1928–29 FA Cup

The 1928–29 FA Cup was the 54th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Bolton Wanderers won the competition for the third time, beating Portsmouth 2–0 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage 41 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs who came through the qualifying rounds. Of those Third Division sides not playing in the First Round Proper, Northampton Town and Swindon Town were given a bye to the Third Round, while Nelson were not involved at any stage of the competition. To make the number of matches up, non-league Northfleet United and Leyton were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 24 November 1928. One match was drawn and went to a replay in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 8 December 1928. Two matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs, entered the competition at this stage, along with Third Division Northampton Town and Swindon Town. Also given a bye to this round of the draw were amateur side Corinthian. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 January 1929. Eight matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which one went to a second replay.
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 26 January 1929. Five games were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 16 February 1929. There were three replays played in the next midweek fixture.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 2 March 1929. There were two replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 23 March 1929. Bolton Wanderers and Portsmouth won their matches to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1929 FA Cup Final was contested by Bolton Wanderers and Portsmouth at Wembley. Bolton won 2–0, with goals by Billy Butler and Harry Blackmore.

</doc>
<doc id="19971129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971129" title="LibLAS">
LibLAS

libLAS is a library for reading and writing geospatial data encoded in the ASPRS LASer (LAS) file format, versions 1.0, 1.1 and 1.2. LAS-formatted data is heavily used in LiDAR processing operations. The LAS format is a sequential binary format used to store data from sensors and as intermediate processing storage by some applications.
libLAS software consists of base library with multiple application programming interfaces available for programming languages like C, C++, Python as well as languages available in .NET Framework and Mono. Also, a variety of useful command-line utilities is provided for translating LAS files from one version of the LAS format to another, inspecting header information, and translating LAS data to and from text.
Initial development of libLAS software was supported by the Iowa Geological Survey of the Iowa DNR for use in its state-wide LiDAR project.

</doc>
<doc id="19971144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971144" title="Ending Themes on the Two Deaths of Pain on Salvation">
Ending Themes on the Two Deaths of Pain on Salvation

Ending Themes (On the Two Deaths of Pain of Salvation) is a live album and documentary by progressive metal band Pain of Salvation. It was released on January 26, 2009 with a DVD version released on March 3, 2009. The DVD release has a double disc feature. The first disc features an 80-minute documentary of the band's 2005 world tour directed by Per Hillblom while the second disc features the full concert video from the Paradiso show recorded on March 2, 2007. A Limited Edition will also be released that will include a double audio CD version of the Amsterdam concert. The CD version was released independent of the DVDs as well.
The DVD is named in recognition of the two lineup changes that happened in the past few years. The first being at the end of the 2005 world tour (The First Death Of) where Kristoffer Gildenlöw left the band due to not being able to attend rehearsals since he lived in a different country than the rest of the band. He was temporarily replaced by Simon Andersson. The second change came at the end of the 2007 world tour (The Second Death Of) where Johan Langell left the band to concentrate on family commitments. He has since been replaced by Léo Margarit for the next studio album and the foreseeable future.
Track listing.
"All music by Daniel Gildenlöw, except "Hallelujah" by Leonard Cohen."
"DVD1 - The First Death Of"
SixWorlds/EightDays (80-minute documentary of 2005 world tour by Per Hillblom)
"DVD2 - The Second Death Of"
Touching You Harder: Live From Amsterdam
"CD1"
"CD2"

</doc>
<doc id="19971151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971151" title="Jon Skolmen">
Jon Skolmen

Jon Skolmen (born 1 November 1940) is a Norwegian actor and comedian. Between 1963 and 1981, he was employed by the Norwegian state broadcasting company NRK, where he most notably co-wrote and appeared in "The Nor-Way to Broadcasting" alongside Trond Kirkvaag, which won the Golden Rose of Montreux and Chaplin Award at the Montreux Television Festival in 1976.
Skolmen also found a big audience in neighbouring Sweden co-starring in the five "Sällskapsresan" films as Ole Bramserud, the Norwegian sidekick of main character Stig Helmer-Olsson who was played by Swedish actor Lasse Åberg. In the 1980s he also co-starred in the wildly popular Swedish sketch comedy show Nöjesmassakern.
In 2007, Skolmen again collaborated with his former partner Trond Kirkvaag, when he starred in the NRK sitcom "Luftens helter", which was created shortly before Kirkvaag's death.
Jon Skolmen is the father of actors Christian and Tine Skolmen, brother of director Eli Skolmen Ryg and uncle of actors Anne Ryg and Hege Schøyen, with whom he played in the 1991 Swedish comedy "Den ofrivillige golfaren". In the film, Skolmen and Schøyen were supposed to play lovers. The characters' on-screen relationship was toned down to a near friendship to make the two actors less uncomfortable.
He received the Norwegian Comedy Award's honorary prize for lifetime achievement in 2009.
Skolmen has also appeared on British children's television. In 1971 he presented "Play School" for the BBC, though for one week only. In 1980 he appeared in a one-off special co-produced by the BBC and NRK called "Jon, Brian, Kirsti and Jon" in which he appeared with his compatriot Kirsti Sparboe, and the British performers Brian Cant (with whom Skolmen co-wrote the script) and Jonathan Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="19971160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971160" title="Anticlea derivata">
Anticlea derivata

The Streamer "(Anticlea derivata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe, North Africa and Asia up to the Altai Mountains.
The wingspan is 30–34 mm. The moth flies from March to May depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Rose species.

</doc>
<doc id="19971164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971164" title="Robin Wikman">
Robin Wikman

Robin Wikman (born 21 January 1986 in Helsingfors) is a Finnish football player, who currently plays for Nacka FF. 
Career.
He has previously played four seasons in Landskrona BoIS; one season by BK Häcken and Hammarby IF. 
International.
He was a member of the Finnish U-21 national football team during the u21 2009 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19971165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971165" title="Madison, Wisconsin, metropolitan statistical area">
Madison, Wisconsin, metropolitan statistical area

The Madison, WI Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget, is an area consisting of three counties in Wisconsin, anchored by the city of Madison. As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 568,593.
Definitions.
The Madison-Janesville-Beloit Combined Statistical Area (CSA) is made up of five counties. The statistical area includes two metropolitan areas and one micropolitan area. As of the 2012, the CSA had a population of 843,793.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 501,774 people, 202,687 households, and 121,171 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 90.26% White, 3.50% African American, 0.32% Native American, 2.99% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.27% from other races, and 1.63% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.05% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $45,602, and the median income for a family was $55,159. Males had a median income of $35,250 versus $26,322 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $21,832.

</doc>
<doc id="19971187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971187" title="Gilles (disambiguation)">
Gilles (disambiguation)

Gilles may refer to:
"Culture":
"Places":
"People":

</doc>
<doc id="19971188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971188" title="The News-Dispatch">
The News-Dispatch

The News-Dispatch is the daily newspaper of Michigan City, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19971191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971191" title="Bagarchhap">
Bagarchhap

Bagarchhap is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 534 people living in 116 individual households.
On 10 November 1995 most of Bagarchap (around 80%) was destroyed by a landslide, which killed 11 villagers and 9 trekkers. Many villagers relocated to Danaque to the west and Bagarchhap is now much smaller than it was prior to the landslide.

</doc>
<doc id="19971192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971192" title="Adrian Popa (footballer born 1988)">
Adrian Popa (footballer born 1988)

Adrian Dumitru Popa (born 24 July 1988 in Horezu) is a Romanian footballer who is currently under contract with Steaua București.
Club career.
Politehnica II Timișoara.
He was the top striker of Politehnica II Timișoara, with 9 goals in 10 matches in the 2008 season and played the second half of the season on loan for Gloria Buzău.
Universitatea Cluj.
On July 2009, he signed a contract with U Cluj. Although he showed impressive skills and helped U Cluj promote in the first division. However, his relationship with the President deteriorated rapidly, and he left the club.
Concordia Chiajna.
In 2010, coach Laurențiu Reghecampf convinced Popa to sign with Concordia Chiajna. Adrian Popa contributed to the club's promotion in the Romanian first division and was kept for the 2011–12 Liga I season. 
Steaua București.
In August 2012, Popa signed a contract with Steaua București for an undisclosed fee.

</doc>
<doc id="19971198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971198" title="Bhakra, Nepal">
Bhakra, Nepal

Bhakra, Nepal is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 241 people living in 67 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971200" title="Rybka (disambiguation)">
Rybka (disambiguation)

Rybka (which means "little fish" in many Slavic languages) may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19971202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971202" title="Dharapani, Gandaki">
Dharapani, Gandaki

Dharapani is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 1005 people living in 176 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971203" title="Not Quite Art">
Not Quite Art

Not Quite Art is an Australian TV series that documents the many media of present-day art and culture in Australia. Two series of the series have been produced and aired on ABC1, both with 3 episodes each, the second series also aired on ABC2. The series is created and hosted by Marcus Westbury.
Episodes.
Two series of Not Quite Art have been produced. Series 1 aired in October 2007 and featured 3 episodes, these were aired on Tuesdays at 10pm. A second series was subsequently produced and aired in October 2008, also featuring 3 episodes, these were also aired on Tuesdays at 10pm.
Critical response.
Not Quite Art has been accepted to favourable reviews and critical acclaim. An article in "The Age" Newspaper explained; "Not Quite Art is the freshest, most illuminating, thoughtful and funny locally made arts program in years."

</doc>
<doc id="19971209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971209" title="Fu, Nepal">
Fu, Nepal

Fu, Nepal is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 187 people living in 43 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971213" title="Ghyaru">
Ghyaru

Ghyaru is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 332 people living in 123 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971220" title="Battle of Beaugency">
Battle of Beaugency

The Battle of Beaugency may refer to one of two battles:

</doc>
<doc id="19971222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971222" title="Khangsar">
Khangsar

Khangsar is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 296 people living in 67 individual households.
Khangsar village is located in north central of Nepal 3756m above sea lavel.There are more the 300 habitends.People from there are so friendly and 
with full of compassion.

</doc>
<doc id="19971223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971223" title="Me Kommeni Tin Anasa">
Me Kommeni Tin Anasa

Me Kommeni Tin Anasa (Greek: "Με Κομμένη Την Ανάσα"; English: "Breathless") is the first compilation album by popular Greek singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas, released on October 5, 1999, by Universal Music Greece. It features 16 of his biggest hit singles as well as a bonus CD single with four remixes and an English track called "Oh Girl." The album received a platinum certification.
Tracklisting.
CD 1
CD 2

</doc>
<doc id="19971226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971226" title="Nar, Nepal">
Nar, Nepal

Nar () is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 302 people living in 60 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971229" title="Allophyes oxyacanthae">
Allophyes oxyacanthae

The Green-brindled Crescent "(Allophyes oxyacanthae)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 35–45 mm. The moth flies from September to November depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Crataegus, Prunus spinosa, Birch and various fruit bearing trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19971231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971231" title="Nyawal">
Nyawal

Nyawal (Ngawal, Nawal) is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 516.

</doc>
<doc id="19971233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971233" title="Pisang">
Pisang

Pisang is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 707 people living in 142 individual households. Pisang consists of two parts divided by the Marsyangdi river: Lower Pisang (3200 m) and Upper Pisang (3300 m). There is a Buddhist temple in Upper Pisang.

</doc>
<doc id="19971236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971236" title="Tachi Bagarchhap">
Tachi Bagarchhap

Tachi Bagarchhap is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 554.

</doc>
<doc id="19971238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971238" title="2007–08 Lebanese FA Cup">
2007–08 Lebanese FA Cup

The 2007-08 Lebanese FA Cup was the 36th running of the National Cup for Lebanese Football (Soccer).
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2009 AFC Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19971239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971239" title="Tanki Manang">
Tanki Manang

Tanki Manang is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 307 people living in 94 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971243" title="Thoche">
Thoche

Thoche is a village development committee in Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 432 people living in 82 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971253" title="Almadevi">
Almadevi

Almadevi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4332 people living in 759 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971255" title="Big 106.2">
Big 106.2

Big 106.2 or Big FM was a radio station in Auckland New Zealand that launched on 1 November 2008 at 9AM, broadcasting on 106.2FM. The original station was started by radio veterans Larry Summerville and Bernie Brown and was owned and operated by Big Radio Limited. The original station played Adult Contemporary music. In April 2010 there were reports that Big FM had been sold to Thane and Richard Kirby for an undisclosed sum. Thane Kirby is the founder of Auckland radio stations, George FM, UpFM, and Base FM and the now defunct TV station ALT TV. On 1 May 2010 the current format was supposedly dropped and a spoiler format known as Big Time FM was launched. Most of the announcers disappeared from the station around this time as well. The station was planning to launch its new format in June 2010. 
Big FM was one of the few stations in New Zealand not owned or operated by New Zealand's two largest radio companies RadioWorks or The Radio Network, thanks to the limited commercial licence Big FM broadcast on neither company could purchase the station when it came up for sale. 
On 23 June 2010 the station unexpectedly went off the air. No press release was issued as to why the station went off the air and the main indicator that Big FM was no longer operating from a comment left from a Big FM staff member on their Facebook page saying "arghh ** Gurgle gurlge ...gasp - - - splutter... sssssssss". The Big FM website was up for a time after it went off-air with no news as to what had been happening, and clicking on the web stream on the page brought up an error.
There were several complaints on Big FM's Facebook page from listeners unhappy at the changes made. The Facebook page was removed in mid-September 2010, while the Big FM website was taken down in early November 2010.
In April 2011, the 106.2FM frequency began transmissions by Hindi radio station Humm FM.
Announcers.
Big FM's original lineup was as follows.
During the period between 1 May and 23 June when the station went off the air there were no announcers on the air.

</doc>
<doc id="19971296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971296" title="Engin Baytar">
Engin Baytar

Engin Baytar (born 11 July 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor on loan from Galatasaray in the Turkish Süper Lig.
Life and career.
Engin Baytar was born and raised in Germany to Turkish parents. He first joined FC Gütersloh before transferring to Arminia Bielefeld in 2000. Baytar spent four years with the club's reserve team before moving to Turkey-based club Maltepespor in 2004. He spent two at the club before moving to Gençlerbirliği, who loaned him out to Eskişehirspor for the second half of the 2008–2009 season. Engin Baytar wears the number 50 on his jersey because he is from the Central Anatolian Province of Nevsehir in Turkey. His father is from Trabzon and mother is from Nevsehir.
Trabzonspor.
He was transferred to Trabzonspor at the beginning of the 2009–10 season and won the 2009–10 Turkish Cup,scoring in the Final against Rivals Fenerbahçe in a 3–1 win. as well as winning the 2010 Turkish Super Cup.
Galatasaray.
On 17 August 2011, Engin joined Galatasaray for 2 years for a fee of €1.1 million. He made his first assist at the match against Bursaspor to Johan Elmander on 26 November.
He scored his first goal with Galatasaray against Sivasspor. But unfortunately he also got a redcard in the same game.

</doc>
<doc id="19971299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971299" title="Yoshitoshi Mori">
Yoshitoshi Mori

Yoshitoshi is said to have influenced several major 20th century print artists, including Shikō Munakata and Hiromitsu Takahashi.
His colorful works generally depict scenes from the kabuki theatre, or subjects related to folk traditions and festivals. Art collector Ren Brown writes that Yoshitoshi's "figures are most often rendered with a simplicity that manages to denote great energy and movement. ... Mori is known for using earthy colors in his work, and for often positioning his figures in a somewhat contorted and dynamic mass."
Life and career.
Yoshitoshi was born in Tokyo in 1898. He studied art at the Kawabata School of Fine Arts, and worked primarily in textile arts for many years. It was during this time that he met and worked with Serizawa Keisuke and Yanagi Sōetsu, studying stencil-dyeing techniques and becoming involved in the "mingei" movement.
It was not until the 1950s that Yoshitoshi began creating works on paper, quickly becoming known as one of the key artists of the "sōsaku hanga" movement. He was criticized by Yanagi Sōetsu in a major debate in 1962, who accused Yoshitoshi of abandoning the "mingei" movement, after which he distanced himself from the movement even more so, and began to focus more exclusively on "kappazuri" stencil prints.
Yoshitoshi exhibited his works in numerous one-man shows in Japan in the 1960s, and took part in thirty international exhibitions between 1957 and 1977. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by Maryland University in 1984, and was formally honored by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government. He died on May 29, 1992, immediately following the end of what would be his final one-man gallery show, held at the Wako Gallery Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19971323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971323" title="Amalie von Wallmoden, Countess of Yarmouth">
Amalie von Wallmoden, Countess of Yarmouth

Amalie Sophie Marianne von Wallmoden, Countess of Yarmouth (1 April 1704–19 or 20 October 1765) was the mistress of George II of Great Britain from the mid-1730s until his death in 1760. Born into one prominent family in Hanover and wed into another, she became a naturalised citizen of Britain in 1740 and was granted the life peerage title of "Countess of Yarmouth". She was the last royal mistress to be so honored. She remained in Britain until the 1760 death of George II, who is believed to have fathered her second son, Johann Ludwig, Reichsgraf von Wallmoden-Gimborn. She returned to Hanover to live for the nearly five years she survived the king.
Biography.
She was born Amalie Sophie Marianne von Wendt on 1 April 1704, the daughter of Hanoverian General Johann Franz Dietrich von Wendt and Friderike Charlotte von Wendt (née Von dem Busche). Her aunt was Melusine von der Schulenburg, Duchess of Kendal. She entered into the House of Wallmoden in 1727 with her marriage to Gottlieb Adam von Wallmoden, with whom she shared a son, Franz Ernst von Wallmoden. She was described in 1738 in a letter to Charles, Viscount Townshend as being a brunette with "fine black eyes", "very well shaped, not tall, nor low; has no fine features, but very agreeable in the main."
George II was first attracted to Von Wallmoden during a 1735 visit to Hanover, where she lived with her husband. In 1736, she bore a son, Johann Ludwig, Reichsgraf von Wallmoden-Gimborn, said to be the unacknowledged illegitimate child of the king. By 1738, George II's visits to Hanover to see his mistress were numerous enough to invite satire by Samuel Johnson in the poem "London". The king ended the necessity of those visits after the death of his wife Caroline of Ansbach in November 1737, sending for Von Wallmoden to join him in England, but it did not put an end to Johnson's disapproval. In 1739, Johnson wrote scathingly of the king's relationship with von Wallmoden, "his tortured sons shall die before his face / While he lies melting in a lewd embrace".
In 1739, von Wallmoden divorced her husband. In 1740, she was naturalized and given the non-inheritable title of Countess of Yarmouth, the last royal mistress to be so honored. She was officially designated Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden to obscure the question of her marital status. Horace Walpole indicated that her primary focus was on pleasing the king, though she was also said to be interested in the bestowing of peerages, reputedly playing a part in the creation of a Barony for Stephen Fox-Strangways, 1st Earl of Ilchester in 1741 and in the newly minted title Viscount Folkestone for Jacob des Bouverie in 1747.
After the death of the king on 25 October 1760, she returned to Hanover. She died on the 19th or 20 October 1765.

</doc>
<doc id="19971329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971329" title="Alexandre Minkowski">
Alexandre Minkowski

Alexandre Minkowski (December 5, 1915, Paris – May 7, 2004) was a French pediatrician, and arguably the French physician who most influenced neonatology in the 20th century.
He was the son of Eugene Minkowski and Françoise Minkowska, two Jewish psychiatrists.

</doc>
<doc id="19971360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971360" title="Battle of Beaugency (1870)">
Battle of Beaugency (1870)

The Battle of Beaugency was a battle of the Franco-Prussian War contested between the army group of the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg, and the French Armée de la Loire, won by the Prussians. It lasted from 8 to 10 December 1870 and occurred on the left bank of the Loire River to the northwest of the town of Beaugency. Due to the large area over which it was fought, it is also known as the Battle of Beaugency-Cravant or the Battle of Villorceau-Josnes.

</doc>
<doc id="19971399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971399" title="1973 Major League Baseball Draft">
1973 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1973 Major League Baseball draft.
"*" Did not sign
Background.
Four dominating players of the late 70s and 80s were selected in the June regular phase. Infielder Robin Yount (Milwaukee) and outfielder Dave Winfield (San Diego) were first-rounders, while outfielder Fred Lynn (Boston) and infielder Eddie Murray (Baltimore) were second and third-round selections, respectively.
Winfield stepped off the University of Minnesota campus -- where he lettered in three sports -- and into the Padres' outfield. He was one of three players from this draft to go directly into the bigs. Highly-touted David Clyde was chosen by Texas as the nation's number one pick. He jumped from high school to the majors and won his first game as a Ranger shortly thereafter. But the hard-throwing left-hander developed arm problems and had a short-lived career. Besides Clyde and Winfield, Arizona State's Eddie Bane (Minnesota, 11th overall) went directly to the majors. Other selections of interest included Mike Flanagan (Baltimore), Jack Clark (San Francisco), who was drafted as a pitcher, and Lee Mazzilli (New York Mets). In the January secondary phase, Dick Ruthven (Philadelphia), Jim Sundberg (Texas) and Donnie Moore (Chicago Cubs), who was drafted as an outfielder, were chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="19971411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971411" title="Mount Kalatungan">
Mount Kalatungan

Mount Kalatungan, also known as Catatungan, is a volcanic mountain located in the province of Bukidnon in the southern Philippines. It is a stratovolcano with no known historical eruptions and classified by the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) as a potentially active volcano. 
It is the sixth highest mountain in the country with an elevation of asl. It is one of the several high elevation peaks in the Kalatungan Mountain Range in Bukidnon on the island of Mindanao, the second largest island in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19971420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971420" title="Priyankar Mukherjee">
Priyankar Mukherjee

Priyankar Mukherjee (born 29 March 1985) is an Indian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Bengal. He was born in Uttarpara.
Mukherjee played a single game for the Bengali Under-16s team, during the 2000-01 season, though he didn't make another cricketing appearance for over two years, for the Under-19s. His best performance in the 2003-04 Cooch Behar trophy came in his penultimate game, in which he bowled 5-17 in the first innings of the match and 4-58 in the second.
He carried on this form with the bat into the start of the 2003-04 Under-19s limited overs competition, though he faltered slightly towards the end of the competition. In 2005-06, Mukherjee played for the Under-22s team, making some crucial innings in his occasional switches to the lower order - including a partnership of 177 with captain Manoj Tiwary - himself scoring 101 not out - against Tripura.
Mukherjee made his List A debut in the one-day Ranji Trophy competition in 2007. His first-class debut came the following season, against Andhra - and despite taking a wicket with the ball, he scored a pair with the bat.

</doc>
<doc id="19971422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971422" title="Rakesh Krishnan">
Rakesh Krishnan

Rakesh Krishnan (born 23 July 1983) was an Indian cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta.
Krishnan made his debut cricketing appearances for the Bengal Under-16s team, batting in and around the opening order. He played five games for the team in the Vijay Merchant Trophy competition of 1998-99, in which Bengal reached the semi-final of the competition, before being eliminated from the competition following a draw against Punjab.
Krishnan made just two cricketing appearances over the next five years, unable to secure a position with the youth teams.
Krishnan made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the Ranji Trophy competition of 2004-05, against Delhi in December 2004. Batting in the upper-middle order, he scored 13 runs in the first innings of the match, and 34 runs in the second.
Following his swift exit from the first-class game, he played two games for the Under-22 team.

</doc>
<doc id="19971439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971439" title="James Lemmo">
James Lemmo

James Lemmo (born in New York City, USA) is an American Photographer, film director, director of photography, and screenwriter. Prior to dedicating his professional life to photography, Lemmo also worked in film. His genres included thrillers, comedy, action, drama, and crime.
Lemmo currently works in advertising photography, commercial photography, all product photography, and is well known for his expertise in lighting and creative applications to product photography.

</doc>
<doc id="19971440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971440" title="Françoise Minkowska">
Françoise Minkowska

Françoise Minkowska-Brokman (January 22, 1882 - September 15, 1950) was a French Jewish psychiatrist, born in Poland. She was married to Eugene Minkowski, psychiatrist, and the mother of Alexandre Minkowski, pediatrician. She was a student of Eugen Bleuler and associated with the work of Hermann Rorschach, another of Bleuler's pupils. 

</doc>
<doc id="19971444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971444" title="Hugh Morgan (footballer born 1875)">
Hugh Morgan (footballer born 1875)

Hugh Morgan (1875 – "unknown") source shows birth year of 1876 was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in both Scotland and England.
Born in Lanarkshire, Morgan started his career with Harthill Thistle, but moved to Airdrieonians in August 1896 before moving to Sunderland four months later. He joined Bolton Wanderers in February 1899 for £200, then Newton Heath in December 1900 
Morgan then joined Manchester City, and made 12 league and 3 FA Cup appearances for them in the 1901–02 season. Morgan made his City debut on 7 September 1901 against Sunderland, with his home debut versus Small Heath following the next week. He played in 10 of City's first 13 games of the season, and scored his only goal against Nottingham Forest on 30 November 1901. Morgan's final City appearance was on 22 February 1902 against Grimsby Town.
He signed for Accrington Stanley in the summer of 1903, before joining Blackpool in May 1904. He made his debut for the club in the opening game of the 1904–05 campaign – a goalless draw at Leicester Fosse on 3 September. He went on to make a quarter-century of league appearances for "the Seasiders", scoring four goals in the process (including one in a defeat at his former club, Manchester United, on 24 April 1905, in his final game before retiring). He also scored Blackpool's only goal in their FA Cup campaign that season, a First Round defeat at Bristol City on 14 January.

</doc>
