<doc id="20008444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008444" title="Raytheon Lectron">
Raytheon Lectron

Lectron was a modular electronic experimentation kit designed to introduce youth to basic electronic circuits and theory. 
The LECTRON electronic blocks system and product was the exclusive and unique invention of Georg Greger in the early 1960s. He applied for a patent of his 'Electronik-baukasten' on May 7, 1965. He was issued a German patent #1228081 on May 18, 1967. The American patent #3,447,249 was issued on June 3, 1969. The American patent filing of May 5, 1966 is particularly interesting because it includes additional drawings (e.g. the speaker and deluxe base plate) which the German patent did not have. There is also quite a bit more detail on how everything works. 
Contrary to many 'pundits' statements, Dieter Rams had NOTHING to do with the creation, design, development, the writing of the manuals, or even the packaging of the LECTRON electronic blocks system.
The LECTRON was brought to the marketplace in Germany by model train manufacturer Egger-Bahn. Braun took over the Egger-Lectron assets in 1967 when Egger-Bahn went out of business. The LECTRON was imported to the United States by the Macalaster Scientific subsidiary of Raytheon starting in 1967.
Raytheon sold the LECTRON in two waves. The first wave was sold as 'Electronic Dominoes' and featured two models: The 800 and the 820. The second wave, which began in May 1968, was sold as 'LECTRON' and saw an expansion of the LECTRON product family to three new sets initially (the 800 and 820 model sets were repurposed as the Series 2 and Series 3 sets with the packaging completely redesigned). This wave included the Series 1 - 5 models and the Add-On Kits 1 - 5 which could be used to upgrade, for example, a Series 1 model into a Series 2 model. The Electronic Dominoes moniker was also dropped. The styrofoam molds were reused from the Egger packaging (although the Raytheon production packaging used white styrofoam instead of black) and the blocks continued to be made in (West) Germany. The Series 3A reached the marketplace later and offered 64 experiments. Add-On Kits 6 - 7 were added at the same time of the Series 3A's release. 
Raytheon also 'made' a Series 3 model for Creative Playthings of Princeton, NJ which was sold as the S822 Lectron SCIII. 
The LECTRON kit consisted of electronic components installed within individual "building blocks" with a clear plastic base, an opaque white top with the component's schematic symbol and permanent magnets attached to the leads of the enclosed components. Each building block was magnetically attached to a metal plate serving both as a work surface and ground, eliminating the need for soldering, spring terminals or a breadboard. This gave the benefit of safety as well as the ability to rearrange the blocks to determine the effect on the circuit.
The instruction manual gave instruction on the proper arrangement of the blocks as well as the function of each individual component's contribution to the final circuit. Experiments began with simple circuits such as a basic electric lamp circuit with switch and worked its way to a three-transistor radio with loudspeaker.
The Raytheon models have not been officially sold in the US since 1969. The LECTRON product however is still being manufactured in Frankfurt, Germany and is available for sale with shipping world wide. Unfortunately, all the manuals are in German with no planned translation into English or any other language.

</doc>
<doc id="20008448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008448" title="CTM (Macau)">
CTM (Macau)

Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau S.A.R.L (CTM; ) is a telecommunications company in Macau, which obtained monopoly franchise license from the government except mobile telephone services.
History.
In October 1981, an agreement was reached between the then Macau government and Cable and Wireless plc (telecom operator in the UK) to set up the new company Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau S.A.R.L.. Shareholders included Portuguese Marconi Company (later acquired by Portugal Telecom group), CITIC Pacific (which shareholding was transferred to CITIC Telecom International in 2010) and the Macao Post.

</doc>
<doc id="20008466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008466" title="Tatar-Mongols">
Tatar-Mongols

Tatar Mongols may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008468" title="Anderson Inlet">
Anderson Inlet

Anderson Inlet is a shallow and dynamic estuary in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia where the Tarwin River enters Bass Strait. It forms a 2,400 ha almost enclosed bay next to the town of Inverloch, for which it provides a popular and protected beach. At low tide its intertidal mudflats provide important feeding habitat for migratory waders. It is also an important area for recreational fishing. It is named after the Anderson brothers, the first Europeans to settle in the area.
Birds.
Anderson Inlet is classified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area. It supports internationally significant numbers (up to over 6,000 individuals) of Red-necked Stint. It has also been known to support the critically endangered Orange-bellied Parrot, with six birds seen there in 1998 and two in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20008469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008469" title="Məzrəli">
Məzrəli

Məzrəli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008478" title="Global Volcanism Program">
Global Volcanism Program

The Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program (GVP) documents Earth's volcanoes and their eruptive history over the past 10,000 years. The GVP reports on current eruptions from around the world as well as maintaining a database repository on active volcanoes and their eruptions. In this way, a global context for the planet's active volcanism is presented. Smithsonian reporting on current volcanic activity dates back to 1968, with the Center for Short-Lived Phenomena (CSLP). The GVP is housed in the Department of Mineral Sciences, part of the National Museum of Natural History, on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. 
During the early stages of an eruption, the GVP acts as a clearinghouse of reports, data, and imagery which are accumulated from a global network of contributors. The early flow of information is managed such that the right people are contacted as well as helping to sort out vague and contradictory aspects that typically arise during the early days of an eruption.
The Weekly Volcanic Activity Report is a cooperative project between the Smithsonian's Global Volcanism Program and the United States Geological Survey's Volcano Hazards Program. Notices of volcanic activity posted on the Report website are preliminary and subject to change as events are studied in more detail. Detailed reports on various volcanoes are published monthly in the Bulletin of the Global Volcanism Network. 
The GVP also documents the last 10,000 years of Earth's volcanism. The historic activity can guide perspectives on possible future events and on volcanoes showing activity. GVP's volcano and eruption databases constitute a foundation for all statistical statements concerning locations, frequencies, and magnitudes of Earth's volcanic eruptions during the last 10,000 years. Two editions of "Volcanoes of the World" (Simkin et al., 1981; and Simkin and Siebert, 1994) were published based on the GVP data and interpretations.

</doc>
<doc id="20008503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008503" title="Swedish Standard Industrial Classification">
Swedish Standard Industrial Classification

The Swedish Standard Industrial Classification, commonly referred to as SNI, is a Swedish industry standard economic classification system, consisting of a hierarchy of codes that are up to 6-digits long.
The SNI standard is modeled on the Statistical Classification of Economic Activities in the European Community, commonly referred to as NACE. The SNI standard is maintained by Statistics Sweden (also known as SCB), a Swedish government office.
The most recent version of the SNI standard is SNI 2007, which corresponds to NACE Revision 2.
External links.
For a full list of SNI Codes, please refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008513" title="Al Musafir Khana Palace">
Al Musafir Khana Palace

The Musafir Khana Palace also known as the Musafirkana Palace was built in Cairo, Egypt between 1779 and 1788 by Mahmud Muharram; a wealthy merchant. Muhammad Ali Pasha bought the palace in early 19th century to use as a royal guesthouse. It was the birthplace of his grandson Khedive Ismai'l 1830-1895. In 1998, it burned to the ground. It was an excellent example of the Ottoman Style.

</doc>
<doc id="20008515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008515" title="Turkey Hill">
Turkey Hill

Turkey Hill can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008589" title="South Florida Council">
South Florida Council

The South Florida Council serves scouts in Broward, Miami-Dade, and Monroe Counties in South Florida. As of 2008 the South Florida Council serves more than 70,000 men and women.
Organization.
The council is divided into nine districts:
Camps.
South Florida Council has three camps.
Camp Jackson Sawyer, Edward B Knight Scout Reservation.
A ten acre site located on Scout Key in the lower Florida Keys with the Atlantic Ocean on the east shore and the Gulf of Mexico directly to the west. Activities include: swimming, snorkeling, fishing and boating. There are four tropical campsites right on the Atlantic Ocean.
Camp Everglades.
Camp Everglades is owned by the South Florida Council, Boy Scouts of America. The campground is located within the Everglades National Park. The campground is primarily pine rockland forest with eight primitive campsites, a main campfire arena, a main covered shelter, and pitcher pump wells.
Camp Elmore, Downright Engineering Scout Reservation.
Camp Seminole was closed after affects from Hurricane Wilma. When the camp was re-opened in the summer of 2012, it was renamed camp Elmore and the property as a whole was named the Downright Engineering Scout Reservation. Ten campsites are available. Nine of them are named for the chapters of O Shot Caw Lodge 265: Elgixin, Gokhos, Paldani, Pooca Tooka, O-Shot-Co-Chee, Tomoka, Hnu-Ra-Con, To Hopki Lagi, and Nok Su. One of the campsites within Camp Elmore is named Camp Seminole, in remembrance of the past, when many South Florida Scouts and Scouters spent their time at Camp Seminole.
O-Shot-Caw Lodge.
O-Shot-Caw Lodge #265 is the Order of the Arrow Lodge of the South Florida Council. It is one of eight lodges of Section S-4, which covers the state of Florida (except the Panhandle). O-Shot-Caw Lodge was the best lodge all around in 1973, 1985-1986, 1993, 1999-2007, and 2010-2011.
History.
On June 20, 1944 the National Lodge of the Order of the Arrow chartered the lodge for the South Florida Council as Ala-paw-tah 265. Ala-paw-tah 265 was discontinued on September 8, 1949.
In April 1955 the director of Camp Snapper Creek, Tom Gato visited Section Conference and reported back to the Scout Executive of the South Florida Council. The Scout Executive approved of a new Order of the Arrow lodge. On June 28, 1955 the National Lodge of the Order of the Arrow chartered the lodge as O-Shot-Caw 265. The National Office chartered O-Shot-Caw Lodge 265 on June 28, 1955. On August 5, 1955 22 candidates gathered at Camp Snapper Creek for their ordeal. Only a year later O-Shot-Caw had grown to more than 125 members.
Section S-4 Events.
O-Shot-Caw Lodge has hosted section events a number of times for Section S-4. O-Shot-Caw has hosted Section Conference in: 1959, 1963, 1971, 1979, 1987, 1996, and 2005. O-Shot-Caw also hosted Section Seminars in: 1977, 1978, 1985, and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20008609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008609" title="Florida Greyhound Lines">
Florida Greyhound Lines

The Florida Greyhound Lines (called also FGL), a highway-coach carrier, was a Greyhound regional operating company, based in Jacksonville, Florida, USA, from 1946 until 1957, when it was merged into the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, a neighboring operating company.
Origin.
The immediate predecessor of the Florida Greyhound Lines (GL) was the Florida Motor Lines (called also FML), which began in January 1926 – when the firm of Stone and Webster, a multistate public-utility management-service company, established a headquarters in Orlando for the FML and consolidated several properties which it had bought and operated in the Sunshine State. The FML then owned 150 coaches and ran them along 1,290 route miles.
The largest and strongest of those subsidiaries was the Florida Motor Transportation (FMT) Company, based in Miami, which had begun in 1919 – as a result of a merger between two other firms, each likewise based in Miami, and each of which had started in 1914 – the Clyde Passenger Express, running southward to Homestead, and the White Star Auto Line, running northward to West Palm Beach. The FMT Company extended northward along the East Coast to Jacksonville in 1921.
The second largest firm was the White Stage Line Company, which had begun in 1918 as the White Bus Line, running between Tampa and Saint Petersburg – eventually, starting in 1924, along US highway 92 (US-92) on the new Gandy Bridge across Tampa Bay, which shortened the distance from to 19 (30 km) – and which extended to Orlando in 1924 and to West Palm Beach in 1925.
In 1927 the Florida Motor Lines (FML) also began to provide tour and sightseeing services in Miami, Miami Beach, Jacksonville, Saint Augustine, and Daytona Beach.
In 1933 the FML moved its head office from Orlando to Jacksonville.
The FML made connections to the north (in Jacksonville) with the Atlantic GL and to the north and northwest (in Jacksonville, Lake City, and Tallahassee) with the Consolidated Coach Corporation (which in 1936 became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines) and the Union Bus Company (which in 1941 was bought by and merged into the Southeastern GL).
The FML continued to grow and expand within the Sunshine State, mostly by acquiring other pre-existing firms.
However, in one notable instance (among others), the FML obtained a certificate (of public necessity and convenience) for a new route extending from Homestead (near the tip of the mainland on US-1, the Dixie Highway) and continuing to Key West on US-1 along the Overseas Highway. The FML began operating that route in 1936, while the road was still under construction, at first relying in part on two ferry-boat rides which spanned two gaps among the islands until 1938, when the last bridge became complete and open for traffic.
Purchase by The Greyhound Corporation.
On the first day of 1946 The Greyhound Corporation bought the Florida Motor Lines (FML), then in the next month Greyhound renamed it as the Florida Greyhound Lines (FGL).
The FGL was first a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent Greyhound firm, then on the last day of 1949 it became a division of The Greyhound Corporation (with an uppercase T, because the word "the" was an integral part of the legal name of the corporate entity).
When Greyhound took over the FML (in 1946), FML ran along 2,750 route miles throughout the Sunshine State – from Jacksonville, Lake City, and Tallahassee – through Orlando, Tampa, and Saint Petersburg – to Miami and Key West – especially along US-1 on the East Coast between Jacksonville and Miami via Saint Augustine, Daytona Beach, Titusville, Melbourne, Vero Beach, Fort Pierce, Stuart, West Palm Beach, and Fort Lauderdale – including local suburban commuter service from Miami to Fort Lauderdale and to Homestead – throughout Florida along all the major routes – except one (in the southwest part of the peninsula), which was the exclusive territory of the Tamiami Trail Tours (a member of the Trailways trade association, then named as the National Trailways Bus System, and thus called also the Tamiami Trailways) – along US-41, the Tamiami Trail, from Tampa via Fort Myers and Naples to Fort Lauderdale and to Miami. 
By 1957 the Florida GL took part in major interlined through-routes (using pooled equipment in cooperation with other Greyhound companies) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more Greyhound regional operating companies – connecting Miami and Saint Petersburg with Los Angeles, Houston, New Orleans, Saint Louis, Chicago, Louisville, Nashville, Memphis, Birmingham, Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland, Cincinnati, Toronto, Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Boston, New York City, and Washington.
Merger into Southeastern GL.
In October 1957 The Greyhound Corporation merged the Florida GL into the Southeastern GL (called also Southeastern, SEG, SEGL, or the SEG Lines), a neighboring operating company, based in Lexington, Kentucky.
Thus ended the Florida GL.
Beyond Florida GL.
After that merger the newly expanded SEG Lines served 12 states – from Cincinnati, Saint Louis, Memphis, and Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and Lake Charles (all three in Louisiana) – to Savannah (in Georgia) and Jacksonville and to Miami and Key West – from the Mississippi River to the Atlantic Ocean and from the Ohio River to and into the Gulf of Mexico.
In November 1960 The Greyhound Corporation further merged the Atlantic GL (called also Atlantic or AGL), based in Charleston, West Virginia, yet another neighboring regional company, with – not into but rather "with" – the Southeastern GL – thereby creating the Southern Division of The Greyhound Corporation (called also the Southern GL), the third of four huge new divisions (along with Central, Eastern, and Western).
Thus ended the Southeastern GL and the Atlantic GL, and thus began the Southern GL.
Later (about 1966) The Greyhound Corporation reorganized again, into just two humongous divisions, named as the Greyhound Lines East (GLE) and the Greyhound Lines West (GLW); even later (about -70) it eliminated those two divisions, thereby leaving a single gargantuan undivided nationwide fleet.
When the Southern GL came into existence, the headquarters functions became gradually transferred from Lexington, Kentucky, and Charleston, West Virginia, to Atlanta, Georgia; when GLE arose, many of those administrative functions became shifted from Atlanta to Cleveland, Ohio; eventually those functions migrated to Chicago, Illinois, then to Phoenix, Arizona, when (in 1971) The Greyhound Corporation moved its corporate headquarters from Chicago to a new building in Phoenix.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation (the original Greyhound umbrella firm), which had become widely diversified far beyond transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business), to a new company, named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., called also GLI, based in Dallas, Texas – a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., called also TWI, also based in Dallas), which was by far the largest member company in the National Trailways trade association.
Later in 1987 the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI.
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey (as the chief executive officer) after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives – while continuing to reduce its level of service – by hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states – and by doing so on fewer days – that is, increasingly operating some trips less often than every day (fewer than seven days per week) – and by using fewer through-coaches, thereby requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
After the sale to the GLI, The Greyhound Corporation changed its name to the Greyhound-Dial Corporation, then the Dial Corporation, then the Viad Corporation. contrived name Viad appears to be a curious respelling of the former name Dial – if one scrambles the letters D, I, and A, then turns the V upside down and regards it as the Greek letter lambda – Λ – that is, the Greek equivalent of the Roman or Latin letter L.
The website of the Viad Corporation (http://www.viad.com) in September 2008 makes no mention of its corporate history or its past relationship to Greyhound (that is, its origin as The Greyhound Corporation).

</doc>
<doc id="20008612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008612" title="DLX (disambiguation)">
DLX (disambiguation)

DLX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008618" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 6)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 6)

The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Hungary qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Lajos Baróti

Head coach: Károly Soós

Head coach: Eduard Frühwirth

</doc>
<doc id="20008642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008642" title="The Long Christmas Dinner (opera)">
The Long Christmas Dinner (opera)

The Long Christmas Dinner is an opera in one act by Paul Hindemith, with an English libretto by Thornton Wilder based on his play of the same name.
Wilder collaborated with the composer in order to make the text work effectively with the music. It was arranged for chamber orchestra and used a harpsichord.
Performance history.
It was first performed on 13 March 1963, at the Juilliard School of Music, New York under the direction of the composer. A digital recording of the work on the Wergo label was performed in the German language; Hindemith himself provided the translation of the English libretto into German. A commercial recording in English has yet to be made.
Synopsis.
The opera depicts 90 years in the history of the mid-western Bayard family.
The opera opens with Lucia, wife of Roderick Bayard, setting the table for Christmas dinner. Having finished, she calls down her husband and his mother, who is joining them in their first Christmas dinner in their new house. Over dinner, Roderick’s mother, referred to as Mother Bayard, recalls a time in her childhood when Indians lived where the house now rests; at the time, there was no city, only a church and surrounding forestry. She goes on to discuss the importance of remembering the names of one’s ancestors.
The opera moves forward to another Christmas dinner between Roderick, Lucia, and Mother Bayard, this time joined by Roderick’s cousin Brandon, who is back from his time spent in Alaska. As they eat, Brandon asks Mother Bayard how the two are related. As the years go on, Mother Bayard passes away, leaving Lucia, Roderick, and Brandon. All three wonder aloud how long they’ve resided in the Bayard house, remarking on how quickly the time flies. Soon after Mother Bayard passes away, Lucia’s and Roderick’s son Charles is born. Not long after the birth of their son, another baby arrives: Genevieve, their daughter.
Again, the action moves forward in time to a later Christmas dinner which is joined by a grown-up Charles and Genevieve; Roderick, Lucia, and Brandon have all aged significantly. The men give a toast to the firm owned and run by the Bayard family, and the women join in on the merriment. Roderick passes away shortly after this point in time, leaving behind a devastated Lucia. She, Brandon, Genevieve, and Charles reflect on dinners of Christmas' passed. After a quick change in subject, Genevieve announces to her mother that Charles is engaged to be married, adding that she herself will never marry, so that she may always remain with her mother.
The scene shifts briefly to show the marriage of Charles and his wife, Leonora. The newlyweds join Lucia, Brandon, and Genevieve for Christmas dinner. Not long after Charles and Leonora marry, the couple birth a baby—however, the baby dies in infancy. Brandon passes away, and is quickly followed by Lucia. The death of Lucia greatly devastates Genevieve, who is left wondering what to do with her life. On the tail end of Lucia's death is the birth of Leonora's fraternal twins: Sam and Lucia II Bayard. Not long afterward, Roderick Brandon Bayard II is also born.
Leonora and Charles write to the latter’s cousin Ermengarde, asking her to stay with them. During dinner one Christmas, Ermengarde and Charles discuss their relations and reminisce about their ancestors. Sam, on holiday leave from the military, joins the family for Christmas dinner along with his twin sister, Lucia II. Sam tells his family to do what they normally do on Christmas Day, so that he may cherish the memory of his family’s Christmas dinner. Soon after, he goes off to the Korean War and dies there.
Years later, Roderick II jovially joins the family, talking of his and Lucia II’s fun time at the ball. Charles berates Roderick II for getting drunk and making a fool of himself, and reminds him that he will soon enter the family firm. Roderick II lashes out angrily, claiming that the town in which they live is so dull that drinking is the only way to endure it. He angrily storms out as he exclaims that he will move away to a “town where something happens,” despite his mother's pleading that he stay. Lucia leaves soon afterward to travel with her spouse, promising to bring children back with her.
Charles and Ermengarde both fall ill, and an atmosphere of sadness is draped over the household. Eventually, Genevieve snaps, fed up with her life of depression following her mother’s death. She informs her family that she will go away to die alone, and leaves.
Charles writes his son a letter, forgiving him for tarnishing the family name and refusing to carry on with the firm. He promises to send him another message the following Christmas, but dies before he is able to do so.
Leonora’s health declines as she is left with only a dying Ermengarde in the house. The two try to reflect on just how old the house has become: it is nearly ninety years old by this point. Leonora tells Ermengarde that she may have the house if she wants it, as there are no more children around to inherit it. Leonora leaves the room, and Ermengarde finds a letter sent to the house by Lucia II. Attached are pictures of her children--a boy named Roderick III and a girl named Lucia III—along with a letter, informing her that a new Bayard house has been built by Lucia II and Roderick II. Whilst reading the letter, Ermengarde passes away.

</doc>
<doc id="20008663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008663" title="Alana Zimmer">
Alana Zimmer

Alana Zimmer (born June 9, 1987) is a Canadian fashion model.
Early life.
Zimmer was born in Kitchener, Ontario on June 9, 1987.
Career.
Zimmer was discovered by a friend of a Milan modeling scout while working at East Side Mario's. She was named a face to watch by WWD, and was featured on Style.com's Top Ten models of Spring 2007. Louisa Models, Storm Models, Supreme, are just some of the agencies that have signed her. She walked in the Spring/Summer 2007 fashion show for Jil Sander, John Galliano, Pringle of Scotland and other top designers. Zimmer has also been in several Haute Couture shows, that include such designers as Chanel, Givenchy, Valentino Christian Dior and Giorgio Armani. She has also done advertisements for Moschino, Missoni, Marc Jacobs, Jean Paul Gaultier, DKNY and Akris. Zimmer was on the cover of Russian Vogue in November 2008. She appeared in an editorial in the March 2011 issue of "W", photographed by Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin. She featured in the 2012 Winter Campaign of Australian fashion designer Cue. In November 2012 Zimmer switched from Ford Models to Women Management in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20008666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008666" title="The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985 TV series)">
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985 TV series)

The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novels "Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain" and "Other Tales of the Flying Fox". It was first broadcast on TVB in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20008686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008686" title="Nanmangalam Reserve Forest">
Nanmangalam Reserve Forest

Nanmangalam Reserve Forest is a protected area located in the southern part of Chennai, about 24 km from the city centre. It is located at Medavakkam on Velachery High Road between Velachery and Tambaram. The reserve forest has an area of 320 hectares. However, the total area of the forest is 2,400 hectares.
The forest is popular among bird watchers and is home to about 85 species of birds. Red-wattled Lapwing, Crested Honey Buzzard, Grey Partridge, Coucal, Indian Eagle-owl, White-breasted Kingfisher, Pied Kingfisher, Southern Bush Lark and Red-whiskered Bulbul are commonly seen birds in the area.
The 320-hectare Nanmangalam Reserved Forest, located about 10 km from Velachery, is a scrubland around an abandoned granite quarry and is home to some of the rare territorial orchids, according to a recent study.
The state forest department has entrusted the work of data collection in this small forest area to Care Earth, a bio-diversity research organisation. Located near Medavakkam, a rapidly developing residential locality, the forest needs immediate fencing to protect it from encroachment and to curtail any non-forestry activity there, the study says.
The neighbourhood of Nanmangalam is one of the 163 notified areas (megalithic sites) in the state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="20008721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008721" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 78">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 78

The 78th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Bedford County, Huntingdon County and all of Fulton County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20008728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008728" title="Little Nemo (band)">
Little Nemo (band)

Little Nemo is a French rock band formed in 1983 and originating from the region of Paris (Vallée de Chevreuse).
The name of the band was directly inspired by the comic "Little Nemo in Slumberland". They and fellow coldwave bands Mary Goes Round and Asylum Party were part of the "Touching Pop" movement.
The band was originally composed of Olivier Champeau (vocals, keyboards) and Vincent Le Gallo (vocals, guitar, bass). Their first releases were two cassettes, "La Cassette Froide" (1986) and "Past and Future" (1987). Before the recording of their first EP, 1988's "Private Life", the pair added Nicolas Dufaure, also known as "Bill" (bass, guitar, vocals).
On stage (and in the studio, starting in 1990), the group expanded to include Yves Charreire (drums), Ronan Le Sergent (keyboards, piano, organ) and Georges Remiet (guitar).
Little Nemo disbanded in 1992 but reformed in 2008 with a lineup of Le Gallo, Dufaure, Charreire and Le Sergent, releasing the "Out of the Blue" comeback album on 21 September 2013.
Former member Champeau has released several techno-oriented albums under the alias "Doctorolive".

</doc>
<doc id="20008770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008770" title="ROAL Motorsport">
ROAL Motorsport

ROAL Motorsport (previously known as Ravaglia Motorsport) is an Italian auto racing team, which operated the BMW Team Italy-Spain team in the World Touring Car Championship. It was founded in 2001 by 1987 World Touring Car champion Roberto Ravaglia and Aldo Preo (Roberto + Aldo = ROAL).
Ravaglia Motorsport began competing in the Superproduction class of the European Super Touring Championship in 2001 as BMW Team Germany with Peter Kox and Norman Simon as drivers, with Kox winning the class.
In 2002 they competed in the European Touring Car Championship (ETCC) as BMW Team Spain with Jordi Gené and Fabrizio de Simone as drivers. In 2003 they became BMW Team Italy-Spain and had Antonio García and Fabrizio Giovanardi as drivers, with Alex Zanardi driving a third car at the season finale in Monza, using special controls following his serious accident in 2001 in which he lost both his legs. Zanardi replaced Giovanardi full-time in 2004.
In 2005 the ETCC became the World Touring Car Championship (WTCC) and Ravaglia Motorsport changed their name to ROAL Motorsport. Zanardi also won the Italian Superturismo Championship in 2005 for the team, and finished third in the first edition of the European Touring Car Cup.
Garcia left the team at the end of 2005 to pursue a career in sports car racing, and was replaced by fellow Spaniard Marcel Costa. Costa was disappointing though and was replaced by Duncan Huisman during the season. The team gave GP2 Series racer Félix Porteiro a drive in the ETC Cup and he impressed enough to get a drive in the WTCC for 2007.
In 2008, ROAL Motorsport began development of a competition M3 E90 for the Superstars Series, with Luca Rangoni as driver. For 2009, Porteiro was replaced by 2008 Independent's champion Sergio Hernández in the team, while in the Superstars Series, Rangoni was replaced by reigning Champion Gianni Morbidelli.
After leaving the WTCC in 2010, ROAL returned to WTCC in 2011 with Dutch driver Tom Coronel who last drove for BMW in the European Touring Car Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20008771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008771" title="Rüdəkənar">
Rüdəkənar

Rüdəkənar or Rudəkənar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008840" title="Noritaka Funamizu">
Noritaka Funamizu

, sometimes credited as Poo, is a Japanese video game designer formerly employed by Capcom, best known for his involvement in the development of several Capcom fighting games (including the "Street Fighter" series). In 2004, he left Capcom to help found Crafts & Meister, where he oversaw the development of the arcade game "Super Dragon Ball Z".
Career.
Funamizu was employed by Capcom in . Prior to that, he wrote for "Beep" as a part-time contributor until he was invited into the company by senior staff. When he joined Capcom, he befriended fellow Capcom designer Yoshiki Okamoto while playing a game of catchball.
During the late 1980s and up until the mid-1990s, Funamizu designed and co-designed several of the company's arcade games, including games in the "Street Fighter" series (particularly "Super Street Fighter II" and the "Street Fighter Alpha" series).
Funamizu was later promoted to General Manager of Capcom's Production Studio 1 which produced several of the company's arcade and consumer titles, including "".
He, along with producer Katsuhiro Sudo left Capcom in April to form Crafts & Meister. He is currently working on "Earth Seeker" for the Wii, which is scheduled to be released on June 23, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20008852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008852" title="Mary Goes Round">
Mary Goes Round

Mary Goes Round was a French new wave band created by Jérôme Avril (guitar/vocals) and Cécile Balladino (keyboards), active between 1986 and 1993. They and fellow coldwave bands Little Nemo and Asylum Party were part of the "Touching Pop" movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20008857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008857" title="Massivivid">
Massivivid

Massivivid was a Christian band founded by Wally Shaw and Mark Nash. Their sound was based in industrial rock and electronic pop, but with a hard edge and intensity similar to that of Nine Inch Nails or The Smashing Pumpkins. Massivivid was originally founded as a live side project to Deitiphobia. They have released to critical acclaim, garnering a Dove Award.
Background.
The band was born in 1996 as a project of Michael Knott's record label "Ear Candy". They produced an EP that year and held their first show at the 1997 Cornerstone Festival.
After producing a demo for the label they were picked up by Tattoo Records and produced their first album, "BrightBlur". The name of the album refers to a line in C. S. Lewis's "" where Lewis describes God as a "bright blur becoming brighter and blurier". Several other Lewis references appear on the album: to "The Space Trilogy" in "Deep Heaven", and quotes from "Mere Christianity" in "Unmade". Lyrically "BrightBlur" is centered on the struggles faced by humanity, specifically the contrasts that technology introduces to society. The album propelled Massivivid to take the 1998 Dove Award for "Hard Music Album."
The band toured heavily throughout 1999. The follow-up record, "Dressed To The Nines...Armed To The Teeth", was released in 2002 on Accidental Sirens, an indie label partially owned by Allan Aguirre of Scaterd Few. A review in "HM Magazine" was heavily critical of the album, stating that its "fuzz-tone guitar based electro industrial" sound had at best the quality of a demo.

</doc>
<doc id="20008879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008879" title="Gazulu Lakshminarasu Chetty">
Gazulu Lakshminarasu Chetty

Gazulu Lakshminarasu Chetty CSI (1806–1868) was an Indian merchant, Indian independence activist and political activist who founded the Madras Native Association and the first Indian-owned newspaper, "The Crescent".
Lakshminarasu Chetty was born in 1806 to indigo merchant Sidhulu Chetty in Madras. On completion of his initial education, Lakshminarasu entered the family trade and succeeded as a businessman. He entered politics and devoted money for social and philanthropic causes.
Early life.
Gazulu Lakshminarasu Chetty was born in an affluent Balija Naidu family in Periamet, Madras. His father Sidhulu Chetty was an indigo merchant. Due to the poor schooling facilities available in India at the time, Lakshminarasu Chetty had little formal education. However, even as a boy, Lakshminarasu Chetty was interested in politics and took part in Debating Societies.
Business.
On completion of his education, Lakshminarasu worked as an apprentice under his father whose business was soon afterwards renamed Sidhulu Chetty and Co. The firm mainly dealt in handkerchiefs and soon grew into a thriving corporation. After Sidhulu Chetty's death, Lakshminarasu inherited the firm and expanded its network.
When the American Civil War broke out, cotton trade was temporarily suspended between the United States of America and other countries. Lakshminarasu Chetty took advantage of the situation and made huge profits by speculating on the price of cotton.
Anti-proselytization activities.
During the mid-19th century, Christian missionaries indulged in open proselytisation in public institutions in the Madras Presidency. Their proselytisation activities were allegedly favoured by officials of the British government who preferred native Christians to Hindus in higher appointments in order to entice Hindu Indians to embrace Christianity . The religious stance of the Madras government was frequently condemned by the Hindu population. Lakshminarasu supported their cause and launched agitations against conversions.
On October 2, 1844, Lakshminarasu Chetty founded the "Crescent", the first Indian-owned newspaper in the Madras Presidency for the "amelioration of the condition of Hindus". But right from the beginning, the newspaper faced strict government opposition. An advertisement sent to the Madras government for insertion into the government publication "Fort St George Gazette" was rejected. Further, the government resolved to enact a law wherein a Hindu convert to Christianity would not lose his ancestral right to own property. This was severely condemned by the Hindu community of Madras who under the leadership of Lakshminarasu Chetty, presented a memorial to the Governor on April 9, 1845. The government eventually withdrew its plans after prolonged discussions with the agitators.
Around this time, the Madras government tried to introduce the Bible as a standard textbook for the students of the Madras University. Students were often questioned on points connected to Christian theology and were denied government posts if their knowledge of Christian texts was found wanting. Hindus of the Madras Presidency protested against these measures. Lakshminarasu Chetty presided over a protest meeting at the Pachaiyappa's College on October 7, 1846 in which it was resolved to send a memorandum to the Court of Directors of the British East India Company. Their efforts were successful and moves to introduce Christian theology in the curriculum were disbanded. In 1853, the government, once again tried to introduce the Bible into the educational curriculum by its efforts were thwarted by George Norton, John Bruce Norton and Lakshminarasu Chetty.
Torture Commission.
Peasants in various parts of the Madras Presidency were often subjected to cruel punishments and made to carry heavy loads on their backs if they failed to pay taxes on time. In 1854, with the assistance of Danby Seymour, a member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Lakshminarasu Chetty tried to induce the British authorities to investigate the methods of torture inflicted by these revenue collectors. In July 1854, Seymour tried to introduce a motion in the British Parliament. Sir C. Wood, President of the India Board, responded by appointing a Torture Commission in September 1854, to investigate the conduct of revenue officials. Further pressure was put by petition signed by Lakshminarasu Chetty and other Indians which was presented in the House of Lords on April 14, 1856.
Madras Native Association.
Lakshminarasu established Madras Native Association as a platform for educated Indians to protest against any injustice on the part of the British. It was the first Indian political organization in the Madras Presidency. Lakshminarasu, the founder, served as its first President. Initially, his plans had been to establish a branch of the British Indian Association in Madras but later, he decided in favor of a separate organization. P. Somasundaram Chettiar, a close associate of Lakshminarasu, served as the Secretary of the organization. The organization frequently locked horns with Christian missionaries.
In 1852, the Madras Native Association presented a detailed list of grievances to the British Parliament. It was read out at the House of Lords on February 25, 1853 by the Earl of Ellenborough along with a petition from the inhabitants of Manchester that a minister and council for India be appointed and that they be made responsible directly to the British monarch. Lakshminarasu Chetty followed it up with another petition in 1855. This petition signed by over 14,000 beseached the British Crown to take the administration of India directly under its control. These petitions resulted in the curtailment of the powers of the British East India Company eventually culminating in the transfer of sovereignty over India to the British Crown.
As President of the Madras Native Association, Chetty also petitioned the Government of the United Kingdom praying for religious neutrality and tolerance. The organization did not fare well and gradually, faded from the limelight.
Honours.
In 1861, Lakshminarasu Chetty created Companion of the Star of India. Two years later, in 1863, he was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council on the death of V. Sadagopacharlu who was the first Indian to be nominated to the Madras Legislative Council as per the Indian Councils Act 1861.
Death.
Lakshminarasu Chetty died in poverty in 1868 having spent all his money in his social and political activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20008880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008880" title="Vortex Comics">
Vortex Comics

Vortex Comics was a Canadian independent comic book publisher that operated during the years 1982 to 1994. Under the supervision of president, publisher, and editor Bill Marks, Vortex was known for such titles as Dean Motter's "Mister X", Howard Chaykin's "Black Kiss", and Chester Brown's "Yummy Fur", the last of which was a pioneer of alternative comics. Vortex also earned a reputation for publishing Canadian comic book creators such as Brown, Ty Templeton, Ken Steacy, Jeffrey Morgan, and Dean Motter.
History.
Vortex was founded by 20-year-old high school dropout William P. "Bill" Marks of Toronto in 1982, with its first title being an anthology comic of the same name. Marks recalled, "books had a lot of potential for growth that I could see. I could see a revolution happening. By this time "Cerebus" was doing extremely well. "Elfquest" was a runaway success in the bookstores and on the best-seller lists. Eclipse was just starting up and shortly thereafter Pacific Comics started to get quite big." Vortex received good distribution in both the U.S. and Canada, and the company proved to be a major force in Canadian comics publishing throughout the 1980s.
Early issues of "Vortex" were edited by Marks himself (who later described them as "quite primitive") and received limited exposure. In 1983 Vortex redesigned their approach, employed Ken Steacy as editor, and added new titles like "Mister X" and Templeton's "Stig's Inferno", as well as Templeton & Klaus Schoenefeld's "Kelvin Mace" and Matt Howarth's "Those Annoying Post Bros." The first four issues of "Mister X" featured work by the "Los Bros" Jaime and Gilbert Hernandez; they later left the publisher for lack of payment (though they were finally paid in 1988).
In 1986–1987, Vortex again expanded, adding titles such as Ted McKeever's "Transit", Bill White's "Kaptain Keen & Kompany", Howarth's "Savage Henry", and the two-issue Peter Milligan series "Paradax". More significantly, Vortex began publishing a full-sized version of Chester Brown's mini-comic "Yummy Fur", bringing Brown's surreal, black-humor stories to a wider audience. In 1990, "Yummy Fur" was nominated for a Harvey Award (Special Award for Humor category). Around this time Vortex also began publishing book-length graphic novels and compilations. 
Hard times hit the comics industry in 1988, however, and Vortex, like many other small publishers, suffered. The company was able to launch a few new titles in 1988, most notably Howard Chaykin's erotic thriller "Black Kiss". "Black Kiss" became one of the most controversial North American comics of the late 1980s, due to the comic having the sort of explicit scenes of sex and violence unseen in most comics published at the time. In addition, Vortex's printer at the time, Ronald's Printing, refused to print the book due to its content. To help retailers who had worries over selling what could be described as pornography, Vortex released the series sealed in a plastic bag. (This meant that casual browsers could not open the comic, or obviously see the internal content.) The publicity over "Black Kiss" didn't necessarily lead to strong sales, however, and by the end of 1988 Vortex's publishing schedule was erratic. Nonetheless, in January 1989, Vortex declared itself the third largest North American independent comic book publisher.
Reflecting publisher Marks' interest in car racing, Vortex survived until 1994 with an odd mixture of alternative titles and NASCAR-themed comics. (In 1991 and 1992 Vortex sponsored the 'Rookie of the Year' award in NASCAR's Grand National series; the 1991 prize was won by future superstar Jeff Gordon.)
In May 1994 Matt Howarth officially moved "Those Annoying Post Bros." to rival publisher Aeon. Shakeups in the comics industry that year hit the small press hard, and Vortex was no exception. The last comic published by the company was "Nocturnal Emissions" #4, in March 1994.
After a brief career as a race car driver, publisher Marks went on to produce and direct numerous feature films. Vortex was re-branded by Marks in 2009 as Vortex Words + Pictures, and most recently Vortex has produced the George Hickenlooper film "Casino Jack" starring Kevin Spacey.

</doc>
<doc id="20008898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008898" title="Sceloporus occidentalis bocourtii">
Sceloporus occidentalis bocourtii

Sceloporus occidentalis bocourtii is a subspecies of the Western fence lizard. This taxon, "S.o. bocourtii", is found in the state of California, from Sonoma County south to Santa Barbara County. This subspecies is in the family Phrynosomatidae, North American spiny lizards An alternative name for this subspecies is Coast Range fence lizard. The subspecific name, "bocourtii", is in honor of French herpetologist Marie Firmin Bocourt.

</doc>
<doc id="20008908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008908" title="WDEK">
WDEK

WDEK could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008920" title="Schismatoglottis">
Schismatoglottis

Schismatoglottis is a genus of 100 to 120 species of flowering plants in the Araceae family. Members of the genus are similar in appearance and growth habit to those of the genus "Homalomena", but the two genera are not closely related. The primary difference is that the leaves of "Schismatoglottis" are not aromatic. "Schismatoglottis" are found primarily in tropical parts of Asia, but there are a few species indigenous to the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="20008928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008928" title="Vidoosh">
Vidoosh

Vidoosh TV is an Iranian Video Sharing, based in Brussels, Belgium, Founded in November 2007, Vidoosh TV is the first Iranian video sharing website which is specialized in Iranian & Central Asian Cultures.
In November 2007, Aria Rouhani (Azarmanesh) (آریا روحانی) decided to create an Iranian portal to collect & present another image of Iranian culture & people.
In October 2009 Vidoosh TV is purchased by Leadchannel TV the London based TV and video Production Company for an undisclosed amount.
Vidoosh TV supports multiple file types such as video and audio. It provides users a means of repurposing their media, including sharing, editing, organizing and categorizing..
Features.
The following is a list of some features that are offered for members.
History.
Vidoosh TV was developed in 2007 as a video sharing website which is specialized in Iranian & Central Asian Cultures & its aime is to show true face of Iran & Central Asia.
In November 2007, Aria Rouhani (Azarmanesh) decided to create an Iranian portal to collect & present another image of Iranian culture & people. This project transformed as a Video Sharing Website in early 2008.
Vidoosh was sold in October 2009 to Lead Channel TV a London web video and TV production company for an undisclosed amount, the company intend to grow the site by generating new users from other cultures,and introducing photo audio and blog sharing.
Current status.
Currently Vidoosh TV has over 4000 special videos about Iran, Iranian & Asian cultures plus countless videos covering entertainment, music, car, real estate, with new sections added daily.
Technical notes.
Vidoosh TV's video playback technology is based on Macromedia's Flash Player. This technology allows the site to display videos with quality comparable to more established video playback technologies (such as Windows Media Player, QuickTime and RealPlayer) that generally require the user to download and install a web browser plugin in order to view video. Flash also requires a plug-in, but the Flash 7 plug-in is generally considered to be present on approximately 90% of online computers. The video can also be played back with gnash or VLC. It has pixel dimensions of 320 by 240 (4:3) or 352 by 264 (16:9), depending on the aspect ratio of the source video. Videos run at 25 frames per second with a maximum data rate of 300kbit/s.
Vidoosh TV accepts uploaded videos in a variety of formats, including .WMV, .AVI, .MOV, MPEG and .MP4.
Video can be seen in windowed mode or full screen mode; it is possible to switch the mode during the viewing of any video without reloading it because of the full-screen function of Adobe Systems Flash Player 9.

</doc>
<doc id="20008930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008930" title="Christoph Friedrich Hegelmaier">
Christoph Friedrich Hegelmaier

Christoph Friedrich Hegelmaier (4 September 1833 – 26 May 1906) was a German physician and botanist who was a native of Sulzbach, Baden-Württemberg.
In 1857 he earned his doctorate from the University of Tübingen, and later was a military doctor in Ulm. In 1864 he received his habilitation at Tübingen, where in 1866 he became an associate professor of botany.
He was an authority on the plant family Lemnaceae, and in 1868 published the treatise "Die Lemnaceen: Eine monographische Untersuchung". Other important works by Hegelmaier include a monograph of the genus "Callitriche", called "Monographie der Gattung Callitriche" (1864), and a highly regarded study involving plant embryology, titled "Vergleichenden Untersuchungen über Entwicklung dikotyledoner Keime" (Comparative studies on development of dicotyledonous seeds, 1878).
Today his herbarium is kept at the Museum of Natural History in Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="20008934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008934" title="The Springboks' Waltz">
The Springboks' Waltz

"The Springboks' Waltz" is the first-ever sports-themed South African novelty song. It was released in 1906 to commemorate the Springbok rugby team's tour of Great Britain. 

</doc>
<doc id="20008940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008940" title="Songzhuang art colony">
Songzhuang art colony

Songzhuang is an art colony, located in Tongzhou District (in the eastern suburbs of Beijing), and is the most famous and biggest artist community in Beijing. More than 2,000 artists live there.
Originally representing the avant-garde, the area now accommodates artists who paint in varying styles, ranging from the avant-garde to the academic. Sculptors and photographers also call the area home.
The character of Songzhuang art colony.
The previously institutionalized and socially motivated art system produced many of the initial artists of the Chinese avant-garde. Were it not for the breakaway radicals of the last two decades, there simply would be no artistic community in Songzhuang, even if its present concerns are perhaps more of a monetary rather than a sociological nature. With a shift catering more towards the foreign market occurring in the 1980s, and the rise of the nouveau-riche at the beginning of the new century, today it is both the growing upper middle class in the cosmopolitan cities as well as foreign collectors and galleries that have become the prominent collectors of contemporary art in China, though one would have to be über-cynical to suppose that the creative process has become wholly money-orientated to the modern artist living here. Far from it, in fact, a spirit of idealism, a “Songzhuang spirit” well and truly exists, and can even be examined from a historical perspective, where the roots of the artistic community can be traced back to Yuanmingyuan, the grounds of the Old Summer Palace in the north-east of Beijing. It was there that in the 1980s, like-minded free spirits congregated, living relatively poorly, though freely, escaping from the rat race and pressures of modern society. Artists arrived from all over China, celebrating a creative community and period of intense artistic exploration.
Searching for tranquility.
A trend was established for artists to migrate away from the cities and to form their own communities such as the famous Beijing East Village. It brought far-reaching consequences for the Chinese avant-garde scene, as focus shifted away from the emerging capitalistic distractions and political pressures and opportunity was given in a tranquil environment for inner reflection and deep contemplation. However, problems arose once the community began attracting attention/notoriety from the media, gallery owners and other quarters, making artistic life more difficult as the once relaxed and free atmosphere came under closer scrutiny. The 1993 documentary ‘Seeking Dreams on the Verge’, by the director Zhang Jiarui, explores these issues. 
In an effort to preserve the spirit of the avant-garde, Fang Lijun, Zhang Huiping and Yue Minjun took the bold initiative in the spring of 1994 to relocate from Yuanmingyuan to the farming area of Songzhuang Township, located between the Chaobai and Wenyue rivers in Tong County, 20 km away from central Beijing. Liu Wei, Zhang Huiping, Wang Qiang and Gao Huijun were also in this first wave of artists to move. By the end of the year Yang Shaobin, Ma Ziheng, Zhang Jianqiang, Shao Zhenpeng, Liu Fenghua, Zhang Mingqiang, Wang Qiuren and Yao Junzhong joined them. With the accompaniment of renowned art critic Li Xianting, who later became known as “ the Godfather of Songzhuang ”, a quite formidable group of talent had succeeded in keeping the flame burning for Chinese avant-garde art.
Here, the old style farmhouses, many with a small front courtyards or gardens, proved an ideal living and working space for the artists, more of whom would subsequently arrive following the official closure of the Yuanmingyuan community in 1995, this being in some part due to the latter’s proximity to Beijing’s university district. The communal artistic lifestyle and essence of the avant-garde was preserved and remained intact amongst the tribulations, albeit by transplantation to Songzhuang.
Today.
About present day Songzhuang, native artist Cheng Da Qing said, “ The future of Chinese fine art is in Songzhuang ”. The artistic community now has over one thousand artists, centered mainly in the village of Xiaopu and spreading throughout Tuanli, Liuhe, Daxing, Xindian, Lamazhuang, Renzhuang, Beisi, Baimiao and Xiaoyang. Painters, sculptors, photographers, writers, conceptual/new media artists and dreamers live side-by-side, the largest gathering of contemporary artists certainly in China if not in the world.
October 2005 saw the successful inauguration of an annual Songzhuang Art Festival, under the sponsorship of the Ministry of Culture, the Songzhuang Township Government, and the Songzhuang Art Promotion Society, when over six hundred works were shown along the 2 km main road in Xiaopu. The subsequent year’s festival used the newly constructed Songzhuang Art Museum and the East District Artistic Centre, strengthening Songzhuang's reputation as an arts community. 
Travel to and from Beijing is convenient with local transport or taxi capable of making the journey in under an hour. 

</doc>
<doc id="20008944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008944" title="Weber Canyon">
Weber Canyon

Weber Canyon is a canyon in the Wasatch Range near Ogden, Utah, through which the Weber River flows west toward the Great Salt Lake. It is fed by 13 tributary creeks and is long.
History.
Weber Canyon is, historically, one of the more important canyons in Utah. The many streams that feed into the Weber River made the area attractive to prehistoric nomadic Native Americans, including the Shoshone and Ute tribes. 
The river and canyon were named for fur trapper John Henry Weber. Early explorers also included Étienne Provost. In 1825, near the present-day community of Mountain Green, trappers of the British Hudson's Bay Company Snake Country Expedition, under the leadership of Peter Skene Ogden, had a confrontation with competing American trappers, under the leadership of Johnson Gardner. Gardner insisted that the British group was trespassing in United States Territory. Ogden kept the situation from becoming an international incident, although some of his men, including Canadian Antoine Godin, left his group to join Gardner.
Emigrants travelling to California, including the Hudspeth, Bryant-Russell, and Young and Harlan parties, took the first wagons through Weber Canyon in 1846. The first road through the canyon was completed in 1855 by a group led by Thomas J. Thurston. In 1868, Brigham Young contracted with the Union Pacific Railroad to build part of the transcontinental railroad though Weber Canyon.
Attractions.
Interstate 84 now travels through Weber Canyon. The highway passes by an unusual geological formation called Devil's Slide.
There is also the 1000 Mile Tree, a pine discovered by Union Pacific Railroad workers marking from the railroad's origin in Omaha, Nebraska. The original tree died in 1900 and was removed in September of that year. In 1982 to commemorate the site, UP planted a new tree that has grown today to over tall.

</doc>
<doc id="20008950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008950" title="The Wicked Witch of Oz">
The Wicked Witch of Oz

The Wicked Witch of Oz is a novel by Rachel Cosgrove Payes. Written in the early 1950s but not published until four decades later, the book is a volume in the series of Oz books by L. Frank Baum and his successors.
Cosgrove Payes had published her first Oz book, "The Hidden Valley of Oz", in 1951 with Reilly & Lee, the publisher of the Oz series since the time of Baum. "The Wicked Witch of Oz" would have been the next book in the series, and was intended for publication in 1954 but Reilly & Lee cancelled the project, since the Oz books were no longer selling well. The book remained unpublished until the International Wizard of Oz Club brought out the first edition in 1993, with illustrations by Eric Shanower. The club declared it book 45 in the series. In the documentary, "", Payes states that she refused all requests to read her manuscript with "not 'til it's a book."
The Wicked Witch of Oz is followed by The Emerald Wand of Oz,a 2005 book by Sherwood Smith which was commissioned by the Baum Family Trust
Synopsis.
The title character is Singra, the Wicked Witch of the South. She awakens after sleeping for a century; her Magical Musical Snuffbox informs her of all the events she has missed in the last hundred years. Armed with this knowledge, Singra sets out to brew a spell of revenge against Dorothy Gale, the main agent of unwelcome change. Grudgingly rescuing a water nymph along the way, she is granted her wish to become impervious to water so that she will not melt like her late cousin, the Wicked Witch of the West.
Singra waylays the Scarecrow, and tricks the girl she thinks is Dorothy into drinking her potion. Singra, however, has blundered: she has mistaken Trot for Dorothy, turning the little girl into a piece of green cheese. Dorothy sets out to rescue Trot, while Singra continues to seek her vengeance.
Dorothy is aided by Percy, a giant talking white rat — a character that Cosgrove Payes introduced in "The Hidden Valley of Oz". In their efforts, they encounter a rubber band (that is, a band of rubber musicians), and an animated neon man named Leon — Leon the Neon. The trio of Dorothy, Percy, and Leon confront a giant beehive, and Dorothy and Percy take flight on hummingbird wings. Singra enchants Dorothy into a statue, but her friends, Ozma, the Wizard, Jellia Jamb, and the rest, manage to unravel Singra's scheme. Singra drinks from the Forbidden Fountain, and is purged of her malicious intent along with her memory. Good triumphs in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="20008951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008951" title="Phillips House">
Phillips House

Phillips House may refer to:
Phillips House fine jewelry, a privately held American designer jewelry label.

</doc>
<doc id="20008956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008956" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 80">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 80

The 80th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Blair County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20008964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008964" title="Dhaka Commerce College">
Dhaka Commerce College

Dhaka Commerce College (Bengali: ঢাকা কমার্স কলেজ) is a graduate college in Mirpur, Dhaka city, Bangladesh. Established in 1989, this was the first college in Dhaka city to specialize in commerce.The main founder of this college was Mr.Kazi Faruki.
Courses.
The college educates from Higher Secondary Certificate level (HSC) to post graduate level. There are ten departments in the college .The college has honours courses in various subjects regarding English, accounting,finance,management,statistics,echonomics and a broader range of postgraduate courses
Academic performance.
After its founding, it soon became of the country's most famous college for its strict rules and regulations. The students call it Dhaka Central Cell. But from its beginning it has been maintaining high quality standards. It got the medal of best college in two times 1996 2003.
Since its operation, Dhaka Commerce College was placed in the top 10 colleges in the country in terms of HSC results.
Dhaka Commerce College's results in the Dhaka board for Higher Secondary Certificate level examinations are:

</doc>
<doc id="20008966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008966" title="Multiseat">
Multiseat

Multiseat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008970" title="USS Morris (1778)">
USS Morris (1778)

The first USS "Morris" was a sailing ship in the Continental Navy in commission from 1778 to 1779.
A party of Americans led by James Willing who had come downriver from Ohio captured the ship "Rebecca" on the Mississippi River during the American Revolutionary War. Oliver Pollock, the American commercial agent at New Orleans who had charge of naval affairs on the Mississippi during the American Revolution, purchased "Rebecca" for the Continental Congress. The ship was renamed "Morris", manned, and fitted out for action under the command of Captain William Pickles.
A severe hurricane destroyed "Morris" on 18 August 1779, causing the loss of 11 of her crew.

</doc>
<doc id="20008973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008973" title="The Discovery Museums">
The Discovery Museums

The Discovery Museums is a children's museum in Acton, Massachusetts, United States. Established in 1982, the Children's Discovery Museum and the Science Discovery Museum share a campus.
History.
The Children's Discovery Museum was founded in 1982 by Donald B. Verger, a math teacher and naturalist. The Science Discovery Museum opened in 1988. An additional parcel that increased the campus size by half was purchased and a new master plan was commissioned in 2008.
Current exhibits.
The Children's Discovery Museum current exhibits include the Assabet River Water Table, Bessie's Play Diner, the Rainbow Room, the Safari Room, Sensations, S.S. Discover, the Chain Reaction Room, the Adventure fort, the Safari Room and the Train Room. Former exhibits include the Dinosaur Room, and Grandma's Attic.
The Science Discovery Museum permanent exhibits include Earth Science, Inventor's Workshop, Rubber Ball Music Wall, Sea of Clouds, and Solar Storms to Radio Waves.
Buildings.
The Children's Discovery Museum is housed in a 3-story Victorian house, built in 1880, that has of floor space in ten rooms. The Science Discovery Museum is housed in a purpose-built postmodern building designed by E. Verner Johnson & Associates. It has of floor space.
Former Directors.
Michael W. Judd

</doc>
<doc id="20008996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008996" title="Vernon Weiss">
Vernon Weiss

Vernon Weiss (born 1951) was a key person in the development of the Dell XPS computer line at Dell and was the director of the computer line at Packard Bell. The XPS line is considered the start of the Gaming Desktop Computer Industry. 
During his early years in the computer industry, Vernon Weiss was also involved with the Data General One, Two and the Data General Walkabout. 

</doc>
<doc id="20009016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009016" title="Osbourn Seamount">
Osbourn Seamount

Osbourn Seamount is the oldest seamount in the Louisville seamount chain, with an estimated age of 77.3 million years. It lies at the westernmost end of the chain and its flat-topped summit is strewn with fault lines. Like the rest of the Louisville seamount chain, it was formed by the Louisville hotspot.
Osbourn Seamount will eventually be destroyed by subduction by the Tonga and Kermadec trenches once it is carried into the trenches by the ongoing plate motion, although this will not fully occur for several million more years if the current rate of motion is maintained.

</doc>
<doc id="20009019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009019" title="Hin und zurück">
Hin und zurück

Hindemith wrote the piece for a collection of miniature operas presented on 17 July 1927 at the Baden-Baden Music Festival in the Theater Baden-Baden. The work lasts for just 12 minutes. Other short works by Darius Milhaud ('), Kurt Weill ("Mahagonny-Songspiel") and Ernst Toch (') were performed on the same evening. The performance was re-enacted in October 2013 by the Gotham Chamber Opera in New York City.
Synopsis.
In a kind of dramatic palindrome, a tragedy unfolds involving jealousy, murder and suicide. and is then replayed with the lines sung in reverse order to produce a happy ending.

</doc>
<doc id="20009049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009049" title="Ambrosina">
Ambrosina

Ambrosina is a genus in the family Araceae that consists of only one species, Ambrosina bassii, and the only genus in the tribe Ambrosineae. This species is the smallest aroid in the Mediterranean growing only to 8 cm tall. It is usually found growing in woodlands on north faces of hillsides and in humus soil that is covering limestone. It is widely distributed found in Sardinia, southern Italy, and Algeria. 
"Ambrosina bassii" has oval leaves that are 3.5 to 6 cm long and resemble the leaves of many aroid seedlings. The inflorescence is 2.5 cm long bent over and has an unusual spathe. The spathe is shaped like an egg and is greenish brown with dots on it. Inside the egg shaped spathe is divided two chambers. In one chamber is contained a single female flower and in the other are 8 to 10 male flowers. The seeds are dispersed by ants that eat the elaiosomes attached to the seeds. 
"Ambrosina bassii" isn't closely related to any other plant and is quite unique. It is also the only species in the tribe Ambrosineae.
References.
Bown, Deni (2000). "Aroids: Plants of the Arum Family". Timber Press. ISBN 0-88192-485-7.

</doc>
<doc id="20009068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009068" title="USS Morris (1779)">
USS Morris (1779)

USS "Morris" was a schooner in the Continental Navy placed in commission in 1779.
"Morris" was presented to Oliver Pollock by Governor Bernardo de Gálvez of Spanish Louisiana in the summer of 1779 for the use of American forces on the Mississippi River. Armed and commanded by Captain William Pickles, "Morris" operated on the Mississippi and nearby waters against British commerce. In September 1779 she captured British sloop HMS "West Florida" in the Battle of Lake Pontchartrain after a severe conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="20009077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009077" title="List of countries by ecological footprint">
List of countries by ecological footprint

This page is a list of countries by ecological footprint. This table is based on 2007 data from the Global Footprint Network published in 2010. Data is given as global hectares per capita. <onlyinclude>The world-average ecological footprint in 2007 was 2.7 global hectares per person (18.0 billion in total). 
With a world-average biocapacity of 1.8 global hectares per person (12 billion in total), this leads to an ecological deficit of 0.9 global hectares per person (6 billion in total).</onlyinclude> If a country does not have enough ecological resources within its own territory, then there is a local ecological deficit and it is called an ecological debtor country. Otherwise, it has an ecological remainder and it is called an ecological creditor country.
Countries.
"NB this list does not include all countries; it contains 153 of the 192 world countries"

</doc>
<doc id="20009087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009087" title="William Jones (gangster)">
William Jones (gangster)

William Jones (fl. 1911) was an American criminal and member of the Gas House Gang. He was one of the New York City's more notorious career criminals to be arrested and convicted during the New York Police Department's four-year campaign against Manhattan's street gangs and other underworld figures between 1910 and 1914.
In June 1911, he was tried and convicted for second degree murder of two fellow Gas Housers during a gunfight at one of their hangouts at a saloon between Twenty-Second Street and Third Avenue. He had arrived at "Pickett's saloon" bringing a young woman with him, this having been generally prohibited in case of members being identified, and was quickly confronted by fellow members William Lysaght, John Tivnan and John Stephenson. He denied having a weapon when asked, the three men not finding one on him when searched, and began arguing over his violation of the gang's orders. All four went outside when asked by the bartender and, once out of the bar, the three men apparently attacked Jones. Falling to the ground, Jones pulled out a revolver he had concealed under his arm and fired at his attackers. Lysaght was shot and died at the scene while Tivnan was shot in the shoulder. Jones was arrested soon after, Lysaght identifying him as the man who shot before dying of his wounds at a nearby hospital. This was a rare occurrence for a gang member, even underworld rivals, to name the men responsible to authorities. After making his statement, Lysaght reportedly turned to a nurse and said ""Just watch that bum suffer. He deserves it."" 
Jones immediately became one of several gang members and underworld figures to be prosecuted by Frank Moss and Edward R. O'Malley of the District Attorney's office. In the same week Jones was sentenced, high-profile criminals such as Albert Rooney, Biff Ellison and Johnny Spanish were also on trial. While Jones was awaiting trial at The Tombs, he composed two letters which he sent to another gang member whose name was withheld. The first said simply,
The second was a love letter apparently written to the unidentified Rosa. It was the last letter that resulted in his conviction, particularly the line ""I am getting along fine. There is nothing like a vacation to brace you up."" While on the stand, angrily swore that he would kill the man responsible for turning the letters over to the District Attorney's office if he ever got out of prison. Among the witnesses he threatened during the trial, he also called out to John Tivnan when he appeared in court and said ""If I had gotten you, I would have been better satisfied."" Jones was reprimanded by Judge Warren W. Foster and sentenced to serve between 20 years to life imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="20009094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009094" title="Estrellas en el Hielo (season 2)">
Estrellas en el Hielo (season 2)

The second season of "Estrellas en el Hielo" premiered on October 23, 2008; the first results show was an elimination episode airing on October 30, 2008. The show followed the format of previous seasons, with 9 couples.
Couples.
The contestants were announced during the season finale of "Estrellas en el Hielo (season 1)" by the officials host of the show Rafael Araneda and Karen Doggenweiler. The contestants were:

</doc>
<doc id="20009104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009104" title="Constantin Henriquez de Zubiera">
Constantin Henriquez de Zubiera

Constantin Henriquez de Zubiera was a Haitian-born French rugby union footballer. He played as number eight, wing and centre.
He played at Olympique de Paris and Stade Français. He won as a Stade Français player the titles of French Champion, in 1897, 1898 and 1901.
Henriquez de Zubiera was the first known coloured athlete to compete in the Olympic Games, and by extension, the first to become an Olympic gold medallist, as he was a member of the France squad that won the Olympic title at the first Rugby Olympic Tournament. 
He also won the silver in the tug of war at the 1900 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20009145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009145" title="Judith Wachs">
Judith Wachs

Judith Wachs (February 24, 1938 – October 9, 2008) was an American musician and singer who promoted Sephardic music through her musical group, Voice of the Turtle of which she was the artistic director.
Early life.
Wachs was born in New York City and raised in Brooklyn and Queens. She attended Queens College (part of the City University of New York), and played on the school's tennis team. She later attended Columbia University, where she wrote a thesis on women's antiwar poetry for her master's degree in English literature.
She married Stanley Wachs while in her 20s, and moved to Boston in the late 1960s; the two divorced after 16 years. Wachs had always had an interest in music, but her serious passion for the field started after her husband had signed up for recorder lessons but could not participate and Wachs took his place to avoid wasting the money that had been laid out for the course.
Music career.
It was through happenstance that Wachs first discovered Sephardic music in the late 1970s, when she heard the Sephardic folk song "Skalerika de Oro", and realized that this was part of a tradition of Jewish music that she had never heard before, despite the fact that she had spent her whole life listening to Jewish music from around the world. Wachs told "The Boston Globe" in the 1990s that "It was entirely Spanish, unlike anything I had ever heard, and yet it was unmistakably Jewish and totally reminiscent of everything I had ever heard". The centuries-old tunes of the Jews of Spain became her focus for the subsequent three decades, as she sought to share her love of Sephardi music with people worldwide through the Boston-based quartet Voice of the Turtle that she founded in 1978(together with Derek Burrows, Lisle Kulbach, and Jay Rosenberg) and led as its artistic director.
"The New York Times" reviewed Voice of the Turtle's 1990 release "From the Shores of the Golden Horn: Music of the Spanish Jews of Turkey", describing the album's 19 songs as a "fascinating cultural blend" of Arabic, Spanish and (close to) Eastern European music, with a "powerfully expressive repertory will leave no one unmoved."
Death.
Wachs died at age 70 on October 9, 2008 of cancer in her home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, having been diagnosed with the disease a year earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20009212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009212" title="Romanian Interbank Bid Rate">
Romanian Interbank Bid Rate

Romanian Interbank Bid Rate (ROBID) is the reference rate calculated by the Proxy as the arithmetical average of the last rates quoted by the each Participant in the Fixing for the RON deposits offered within 15 minutes before the Fixing after rejecting extreme rates. The rate quoted by each Participant in the Fixing represents the rate at which the RON deposits are offered to the other Participant for 15 minutes from the publication of ROBID and ROBOR rates by the Proxy.

</doc>
<doc id="20009213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009213" title="Mark C. Brickell">
Mark C. Brickell

Mark C. Brickell served as the president of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association from 1988 to 1992.
Brickell NO LONGER serves as the CEO of Blackbird, a Charlotte, North Carolina-based company that enables real-time electronic trading of OTC derivatives of all types. He holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from the University of Chicago. (Company website)

</doc>
<doc id="20009215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009215" title="Cerro Steffen">
Cerro Steffen

Cerro Steffen is one of the highest mountains in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. It lies on the northeastern edge of the just mentioned icefield, west of O'Higgins Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20009245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009245" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 81">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 81

The 81st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Blair County, Huntingdon County and Mifflin County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20009263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009263" title="Ultravox discography">
Ultravox discography

This is the discography of the British New Wave band Ultravox. While active from 1975 to 1996, the band released a number of LPs and CDs, although more discs were released after their demise. An anthology disc was planned, according to their official web page.

</doc>
<doc id="20009266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009266" title="Akuliakattagmiut">
Akuliakattagmiut

Akuliakattagmiut were a geographically defined Copper Inuit subgroup in the Canadian territory of Nunavut. They were located near Cape Bexley on the south shore, mainland side of Dolphin and Union Strait, and in the vicinity of the Melville Hills' Akuliakattak Lake, the source of the Rae River.
Culture.
Akuliakattagmiut wore more seal than other Copper Inuit. They did not wear belts at the hips, rather their pants come to the waist. 
According to Vilhjalmur Stefansson, the Akuliakattagmiut showed fear of guns, while other Inuit did not. All of their tools were sharp: iron snow knives, ulus; steel whittling knives, crooked knives, needles; copper ice picks; and metal scrappers. 
Some Akuliakattagmiut songs were of Uallirnergmiut origin. Their trade partners included the Haneragmiut and the Puiplirmiut.

</doc>
<doc id="20009318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009318" title="Kangan">
Kangan

Kangan (Urdu:کنگن) is a town and a notified area committee in Ganderbal district, of Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is situated across the Nallah Sindh and spread over a 50 km long gorge valley.
Geography.
Kangan is located at . It has an average elevation of 

</doc>
<doc id="20009343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009343" title="Zaidi">
Zaidi

Zaidi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20009345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009345" title="Shorts in a Bunch">
Shorts in a Bunch

Shorts in a Bunch is a Nicktoons variety series. The show first premiered on September 23, 2007 and ended on January 27, 2008. The show ended with decreasing viewers, which Nicktoons canceled. The show featured shorts like the "Nicktoons Film Festival" and "Oh Yeah! Cartoons".
Shorts.
Some shorts featured in the series are aired 3-4 per episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20009356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009356" title="CUPL">
CUPL

CUPL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20009358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009358" title="Malagousia">
Malagousia

Malagousia or Malagouzia (Greek Μαλαγουζιά) is a white Greek wine grape that was virtually extinct until Domaine Carras in the late 20th century began to cultivate this ancient variety for varietal wine production. The grape is highly aromatic and has the potential to produce soft, elegant wines.
Synonyms.
Malagousia is also known under the synonyms Malagouzia, Malagoyzia, Malaouzia, Malaoyzia, Melaouzia, and Melaoyzia.

</doc>
<doc id="20009364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009364" title="United States Army Installation Management Command Korea Region">
United States Army Installation Management Command Korea Region

The United States Army Installation Management Command Korea Region (IMCOM-K) was a military organization whose primary mission is to provide the United States Army in Korea the installation capabilities and services to support expeditionary operations in a time of persistent conflict, and to provide a quality of life for Soldiers and Families commensurate with their service. IMCOM-Korea was the Korean regional office of the Installation Management Command. IMCOM-K had its headquarters in Seoul, Republic of Korea on United States Army Garrison Yongsan. However, IMCOM Korea was deactivated and absorbed into IMCOM Pacific in 2011. 
History of the Installation Management Command.
The United States Army Installation Management Command (IMCOM), a single organization with six regional offices worldwide, was activated on 24 Oct. 2006, to reduce bureaucracy, apply a uniform business structure to manage U.S. Army installations, sustain the environment and enhance the well-being of the military community. It consolidated three organizations under a single command as a direct reporting unit:
1) The former Installation Management Agency (IMA)
2) The former Community and Family Support Center, now called Family and Morale, Welfare and Recreation Command (FMWRC), which is a subordinate command of IMCOM.
3) The former Army Environmental Center, now called the Army Environmental Command (AEC), which is a subordinate command of IMCOM.
Before IMCOM, the Army's 184 installations were managed by one of 15 Major Commands. Support services varied – some provided better services, some provided worse. In September 2001, Army Secretary Thomas E. White introduced the Transformation of Installation Management (TIM), formerly known as Centralized Installation Management (CIM), pledging the Army would implement better business practices and realign installation management to create a more efficient and effective corporate management structure for Army installations worldwide. On 1 Oct. 2002, the Army formed IMA as a field operating agency of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management (ACSIM) as part of an ongoing effort to realign installations.
IMCOM, is currently headquartered in Arlington, VA, but is relocating to Fort Sam Houston at San Antonio, TX. IMCOM oversees all facets of installation management such as construction; barracks and Family housing; family care; food management; environmental programs; well-being; Soldier and Family morale, welfare and recreation programs; logistics; public works; and installation funding.
Commanding General & Staff.
The IMCOM-Korea Commanding General is Brigadier General David G. Fox. Fox was promoted to Brigadier General in July 2010. His office is located on Yongsan Compound, Seoul, Korea.
Former Commanding Generals: John Uberti, Brigadier General; Al Aycock, Major General; Tom Landwermeyer, Brigadier General; and John Macdonald, Major General.
United States Army Garrisons in Korea.
USAG Daegu<br>
USAG Camp Red Cloud<br>
USAG Yongsan<br>
USAG Camp Casey<br>
USAG Humphreys
Photographs.
Brig. Gen. David G. Fox Promotion Ceremony

</doc>
<doc id="20009365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009365" title="Tenzin Priyadarshi">
Tenzin Priyadarshi

Tenzin Priyadarshi (The Venerable Tenzin Priyadarshi) is the Founding Director of the Dalai Lama Center for Ethics and Transformative Values at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He also serves as the founding President of the Prajnopaya Foundation, a worldwide humanitarian organization. 
Early years.
Priyadarshi was born into a Hindu Brahmin family in Vaishali, Bihar, India. He comes from a family of bureaucrats, political leaders, and eminent scholars. He has two sisters, one is an attorney and the other, Shilpa Shukla, a famed actress in the Indian film industry.
He entered the monastery at the age of ten in Rajgir, India near the ancient Nalanda University at his own volition. He is a Buddhist monk from India ordained by His Holiness the Dalai Lama, who is his preceptor and mentor. He also studied under the guidance of H.H. Sakya Trizin, H.H. Drikung Chhetsang, H.E. Kushok Bakula Rinpoche and H.E. Samdhong Rinpoche, and received meditation training from H.E. Drubwang Rinpoche. Priyadarshi trained in India, Nepal, and Japan in Indo-Tibetan and Japanese Buddhism, and is known for his love of Sanskrit Buddhist literature. He also spent several years studying Vedanta and Kashmir Shaivism in Calcutta, and maintained close relations with the Ramakrishna Mission Ashram.
He attended Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies and the Sanskrit University in Varanasi, India, and graduated from Le Moyne College, Summa Cum Laude, with a bachelor’s degree as an Integral Honors Scholar studying Philosophy, Physics, and Religious Studies with minors in International Relations and Japanese. In 2003 he completed his graduate studies in Comparative Philosophy of Religion at Harvard University. In 2002 he was appointed as the first Buddhist Chaplain at MIT.
Teaching career.
Priyadarshi lectures internationally on Buddhist philosophy, Ethics, Leadership, and Socio-political issues.
In 2009 Priyadarshi founded the Dalai Lama Center for Ethics and Transformative Values at MIT to design and disseminate innovative programs on teaching secular ethics and human values. The decision to name this center was based on the Dalai Lama's commitment to human wellbeing and the fact that he was named as a top global leader in a survey in 2008. The Center for Ethics has 6 Nobel Peace Laureates as its founding members and its programs run in 5 countries while poised for a global reach. 
He is regarded as an influential teacher in the rimé (non-sectarian) movement within Tibetan Buddhism, like his predecessor. He founded the Prajnopaya Institute to create an avenue for critical study and practice of Buddhist philosophy within Europe and North America. To promote contemplative programs in North America, he founded Bodhimarga, a CyberDharma community with satellite locations in various parts of North America and Asia.
Conflict resolution and peace efforts.
Having been exposed to the dangers of religious fanaticism and violence early on, Priyadarshi has been instrumental in conflict resolution processes in India and Sri Lanka. He has been actively involved in inter-religious dialogue with religious leaders such as Pope John Paul II, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, and Pope Benedict XVI. He has made his admiration for Saint Francis of Assisi quite public and travels to Italy frequently to engage in spiritual dialogue with Christian monastic communities. He actively promotes contemplative learning beyond religious boundaries and talks frequently with Fr. Thomas Keating, founder of Contemplative Outreach. He received a Felicitation for his work at the 2007 SAARC Interfaith Conclave in New Delhi, India. He delivered the Reverend Daniel Berrigan SJ Peace Makers Lecture in 2013 at Le Moyne College, New York. He also received the Distinguished Alumni Honors from Harvard University in April 2013 recognizing his contributions.
Humanitarian projects.
Following the catastrophic disaster caused by Tsunami in 2005, Priyadarshi founded the Prajnopaya Foundation to develop innovative and sustainable ways to alleviate suffering in developing countries. He was Project Advisor to team of architects from MIT, Harvard University Graduate School of Design, and Cambridge University to develop the Tsunami Safe(r) Houses, low cost high resistant homes, for families in Sri Lanka.
The foundation has been active in health care endeavors in India, including systematic methods to curtail tuberculosis and bring health care to rural areas. In December 2009, Priyadarshi was felicitated as "Icon of Bihar" at the Bihar Conclave. He is the youngest person to receive this honor.
Other activities.
Priyadarshi is the Founding Member and Director of The Vishwa Shanti Stupa (World Peace Pagoda Projects) in New Delhi and Sarnath (Varanasi), India. He serves as Trustee for The National Shrine of Saint Francis of Assisi and an advisor to the Renaissance Project in San Francisco, CA. He is also actively involved in ongoing dialogue between Buddhism, meditation and neuroscience.

</doc>
<doc id="20009396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009396" title="Artau I, Count of Pallars Sobirà">
Artau I, Count of Pallars Sobirà

Artau I (contemporary , ) was the Count of Pallars Sobirà from 1049 until his death in or around 1081. His reign was characterised by ceaseless wars and litigations with his more powerful cousin and neighbour Raymond IV of Pallars Jussà.
Artau was the second son of William II of Pallars Sobirà and his wife Stephanie, a daughter of Ermengol I of Urgell and Tetberga, who was related to either the Counts of Provence or Forez. His father died in 1035 and was succeeded by his eldest son, Bernard II. When he died in 1049, Artau became count. Artau married twice. His first wife, married before September 1050, was Constance, whose parents are unknown. Artrau took his second wife, Lucia (Llúcia), on 27 January 1057. She was a daughter of Bernard I of La Marche and thus a sister of Almodis, the wife of Raymond Berengar I of Barcelona. In February 1058, perhaps on the occasion of the actual marriage, Artau granted control of two castles to the count of Barcelona and four to his new wife on top of her dowry. She bore him three sons: Artau II, his eldest son and heir; Ot, who became Bishop of Urgell; and William. She may have born Artau a daughter named Maria.
In relation to his military operations both defensive and offensive directed against the county of Pallars Jussà, Artau constructed several new castles: Montcortés, Peramea, Bresca, and Baén. In 1064 Artau and Raymond of Pallars Jussà reached their first of several "convenientia" (agreements). Artau was forced to grant a castle to Raymond as a pledge to hold future negotiations. A second agreement of this sort was reached on 30 May 1067: Artau ceded the monastery of Santa Maria de Lavaix and quitclaimed several villages ("villae") to Raymond. Around 1080 a series of "convenientia" were made between Raymond and either Artau I or Artau II. This time Raymond gave up the right to control ("potestas") the castle of Talarn to two of his chief magnates, Pere Ramon I d'Erill and Mir Guirreta II de Bellera, while Artau granted the same of his castle of Salás to two of his men, Guillem Guitard de Vallferrera and Ramon Bernat. Both castles stood not far apart on opposite sides of the Noguera Pallaresa where it defined the border of the two counties. The final settlement and exchange of castles took place in the presence of Sancho Ramírez, King of Aragon. At the same time this Artau, whether father or son, came to an agreement with the king over a prior dispute.
Artau was a patron of the monastery of Santa Maria de Gerri. In a surviving pre-1070 charter dated to 18 June, Artau donated property to Santa Maria.
In September 1050 he and Constance made a donation; on 22 June 1059 he and Lucia; and he and Lucia again on 22 April 1068. Two further donations, of 8 July 1081 and 13 April 1082, throw into question the date of Artau's death and the succession of his son; the second donation was witnessed by another Artau, but this may be Artau III. Artau II was using the comital title as early as 1080.

</doc>
<doc id="20009404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009404" title="List of songs written by Frank J. Myers">
List of songs written by Frank J. Myers

This is an alphabetical list of songs written or co-written by the American singer-songwriter Frank J. Myers.
Song (date), "Writers" - Artist

</doc>
<doc id="20009415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009415" title="Merseguera">
Merseguera

Merseguera is a white Spanish wine grape variety planted primarily in the Alicante, Jumilla and Valencia regions. 
Synonyms.
Merseguera is also known under the synonyms Blanqueta, Blanquilla, Escanyagos, Exquitsagos, Exquitxagos, Gayata, Gayata Blanca, Lanjaron, Lanjaron Claro, Macaban, Macabeo Basto, Marisancha, Marisancho, Marseguera
Masadera, Masaguera, Masseguera, Menseguera, Merseguera de Rio, Mersequera, Meseguera, Messeguera, Messeguera Comun, Mezeguera, Mezeyguera, Planta Borda, Planta de Gos, Trova, Uva Planta, Verdosilla, and Verema Blanca.

</doc>
<doc id="20009424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009424" title="Ekalluktogmiut">
Ekalluktogmiut

Ekalluktogmiut (also spelt Iqaluktuurmiutat and Ikaluktuurmiut) were a geographically defined Copper Inuit subgroup in Canada's Nunavut territory. They were located along the Ekalluk River near the center of Victoria Island, Albert Edward Bay in western Victoria Strait, and Denmark Bay. According to the Arctic explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson, the Ekalluktogmiut winter hunt on Dease Strait.

</doc>
<doc id="20009432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009432" title="Escanyavella">
Escanyavella

Escanyavella is a white Catalan wine grape variety planted primarily in DOQ Priorat. The name literally translates from Catalan as "old lady strangler" and coughing is often a common reaction to those who eat the raw grapes. While grown in small numbers in Priorat, there are a number of wineries that use it as part of their blends and one that makes a wine completely from the grape although. 
It is a thick skinned grape with high acidity and is harvested later than other white varieties.
Despite not being an officially recommended grape for DOQ Priorat wine certification, there has been an effort recently by several cellars in the region to recuperate and revitalize this nearly lost grape. 
Synonyms.
It was thought that the Spanish grape, Merseguera and Escanyavella were the same grape, but DNA testing by 'The Catalan Institute of Wine' (INCAVI), has proven this supposed relation to be false and that Escanyavella is indeed its own, unique grape. 
The grape has also been called, Escanavella.

</doc>
<doc id="20009434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009434" title="At the Apollo">
At the Apollo

At the Apollo is a live album and video release by Arctic Monkeys of the final concert of their 2007 world-tour, filmed in Manchester, England.
It was filmed on super-16mm film and in surround-sound. It was directed by Richard Ayoade and photographed by cinematographer Danny Cohen ("This Is England"). It was edited by Nick Fenton ("Heima, All Tomorrow's Parties"), and produced by Diarmid Scrimshaw ("Dog Altogether, Tyrannosaur").
It has been awarded best music DVD 2009 by the NME. The music played in introduction credits was written by Bruno Nicolai, entitled 'Servizio fotografico' from the film "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" starring Barbara Bouchet.
The film premiered on UK television on the music channel 4Music on 19 February 2009.
The DVD features a 'Multi Angle Camera View' of drummer Matt Helders.

</doc>
<doc id="20009435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009435" title="Fried Green Tomatoes (Ricky Van Shelton album)">
Fried Green Tomatoes (Ricky Van Shelton album)

Fried Green Tomatoes is the ninth and final studio album by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton. Of the two singles released, "The Decision" charted at number 71 while "Call Me Crazy" failed to chart. This was his only release for the Audium label. "All I Have to Offer You Is Me" is a cover of a Charley Pride single. "I'm the One" was previously recorded by McBride & the Ride on their 1992 album "Sacred Ground", which also includes a cover of "All I Have to Offer You Is Me".

</doc>
<doc id="20009478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009478" title="Molette">
Molette

Molette is a white French wine grape planted primarily in the Savoie region. As a varietal wine, Molette tends to produce neutral tasting wine so it is often blended with Roussette to add more complexity.
DNA analysis has revealed Molette to be a cross between Gouais blanc and an unidentified grape variety.
Synonyms.
Molette is also known under the synonyms Molette blanche and Molette de Seyssel.
Molette is also used as a synonym for Mondeuse blanche and Mondeuse noire. Furthermore, Molette noire is a synonym of Mondeuse noire and Molette de Montmelian is a synonym of Jacquère.

</doc>
<doc id="20009533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009533" title="Cape Maisí">
Cape Maisí

Cape Maisí or Cape Maysí is a cape at the eastern extremity of Cuba, projecting into the Windward Passage.

</doc>
<doc id="20009570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009570" title="Mariana Peñalva">
Mariana Peñalva

Biography.
Actress Mariana Peñalva was born in Mexico City, daughter of Mexican painter and Mexican opera singer.
At an early age she moved to Cuernavaca, where she first studied acting with Esther Orozco. 
By the age of 17 she started her professional acting career with the Mexican Telenovela "Mirada de mujer" as Andrea, which was a complete success in Mexican television.
Later she studied acting in Centro de formacion Actoral with Héctor Mendoza y Raul quintanilla. 
She got her first approach to films, when she was asked to be Angelina Jolie's camera double at "Original Sin".
In 2000 she travels to Europe and establish in France to finish her degree in Arts, in the almost 4 years she spent in Europe she got the opportunity to work in some "Independent Films" such as "Girl with a Pearl Earring" with Scarlett Johansson.
At her return to Mexico she worked in some Mexican television programs like "La vida es una Cancion", "Heredera", "Tormenta en el paraíso" and "El Pantera".
She also worked in nine short films, some of theme participated in renamed international film festivals around the world.
She won an Award as Best Actress for the short film "1956" in the Proyeccion Corta Film Festival in 2010.
In 2007 she got the opportunity to make her first role in the blockbuster Mexican film "Tear This Heart Out" as Mercedes, working with the renowned Mexican actor Daniel Giménez Cacho and Ana Claudia Talancón with whom she worked again recently at the Mexican TV series "Terminales" as Vanessa.
In 2008 she obtained her first starring role in the independent film "Written in Blood" as Nina, where she co-starred with Carlos Ortega and the Uruguayan actress Cecilia Cósero.
She is support actress in the feature film "Return", produced and directed by Mexican film director Alejandro González Padilla, where she will be shares credits along the renowned actor Jaime Camil, Blanca Soto, Daniela Schmidt, Victor Huggo Martin and the Spanish actor Javier Tolosa, this film contested in the 2010 Edition of the New York International Latino Film Festival and earned the Award of the Best Entertaining Picture at the Monaco Charity Film Festival in its 2010 edition.
Mariana Peñalva is on talks for the proyect called "The Wardrobe's Cabinetmaker and My Friend The Death" for 2011 and 2 more projects in the female leading role, one of them with a European production company to be shot in France, where she resides since 2012.
Among her interests, besides her acting career, she is also interested in Film-making there for Mariana Peñalva it’s also dedicated to Film Production, coproducing from 2009 to 2011, three short films with her company Fuffá Films Producciones, "In self defence" based on a story by Guillermo Arriaga, "All 4 Nothing" starring Silverio Palacios, with 6 nominations from witch 2 awards won in the Festival Pantalla de Cristal and her latest co-production in the short " Tell me about meat", directed by Dolores Otero and starring Tenoch Huerta.
In the actuality Mariana Peñalva is in development of her first short film as director, with locations in Croatia and UK.
With many other projects a head, this young actress and producer is definitely one great promise of the Film Industry scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20009578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009578" title="MS-245">
MS-245

MS-245 is a tryptamine derivative which is used in scientific research. It acts as a selective 5-HT6 receptor antagonist with a Ki of 2.3 nM, and was derived through structure-activity relationship development of the selective 5-HT6 agonist EMDT. It has been used as a lead compound for further development of tryptamine-derived 5-HT6 antagonists. In animal studies it has been shown to boost the activity of, but not substitute for, both amphetamine and nicotine.

</doc>
<doc id="20009580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009580" title="KAZX">
KAZX

KAZX (102.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format. Licensed to Kirtland, New Mexico, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features local programming, as well as programming from Premiere Radio Networks, including Elvis Duran & the Morning Show and Ryan Seacrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20009605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009605" title="Yacine Si Salem">
Yacine Si Salem

Yacine Si Salem (born January 10, 1988 in Souk El Thenine, Tizi Ouzou Province) is a French-Algerian football player who is currently playing for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Club career.
In Decembre 2013, Yacine Si Salem sign for JS Kabylie.
International career.
On January 28, 2007, Si Salem was called up for a training camp with the French Under-21 Futsal team for a 4-day camp. He has 1 cap for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20009611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009611" title="KIQX">
KIQX

KIQX (101.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary/Variety format which includes Adult Alternative, Classic rock and Rhythm & Blues. Licensed to Durango, Colorado, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Four Corners Broadcasting, LLC and features programming from CBS Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20009627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009627" title="Die Harmonie der Welt">
Die Harmonie der Welt

Die Harmonie der Welt ("The Harmony of the World") is an opera in five acts by Paul Hindemith. The German libretto was by the composer.
The title of the opera is taken from "Harmonices Mundi" by the astronomer Johannes Kepler (1571-1630) who is the subject of the opera. Hindemith used the planetary system as a metaphor for his own musical arrangement of the chromatic scale.
Performance history.
It was first performed on 11 August 1957, at the Prinzregententheater, Munich, conducted by the composer. 
A truncated monaural recording of the opera appeared on the Stradivarius label, but a complete recording of the work had to wait until the digital era, when Marek Janowski conducted the entire opera for the Wergo label (see section Recordings). Hindemith proponent Yan Pascal Tortelier has also openly expressed an interest in conducting a recording of the opera.
Synopsis.
Set in the 17th century, the opera is the story of the search for universal harmony by the astronomer Johannes Kepler.
Recordings.
In 2002 WERGO released the world premiere recording as part of their Paul Hindemith Edition. This recording was made in the Jesus-Christus-Kirche in Berlin-Dahlem in February/March 2000, with Marek Janowski conducting the Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra, and François le Roux in the role of Johannes Kepler.

</doc>
<doc id="20009645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009645" title="KKFG">
KKFG

KKFG (104.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Hits format. Licensed to Bloomfield, New Mexico, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features programing from AP Radio, Fox News Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KMYO on 1988-05-06. On 1989-09-18, the station changed its call sign to KCEM-FM. On 1992-03-15 the current KKFG call sign was assigned by the FCC. 

</doc>
<doc id="20009648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009648" title="Stephen Baker (Australian politician)">
Stephen Baker (Australian politician)

Stephen Baker (born 30 May 1946) was an Australian politician, representing the Liberal Party of Australia in the electoral district of Waite, formerly Mitcham in the South Australian House of Assembly. He served as Deputy Premier of South Australia between 14 December 1993 and 27 November 1996 to Premier Dean Brown.
Hailing from the moderate faction in his party, he won the seat of Mitcham at the 1982 state election from Democrat MP Heather Southcott, the only single-member lower house seat anywhere in Australia to be held by a Democrat. Baker became Treasurer in the Dean Brown Liberal government after the 1993 state election, but was deposed as deputy leader in favour of Graham Ingerson when John Olsen was successful in a November 1996 leadership coup. Baker announced his retirement two months before the 1997 state election, which some interpreted as an act of revenge. The hastily conducted preselection resulted in a win for the conservative faction, whose candidate Martin Hamilton-Smith defeated moderate Robert Lawson, which prompted Brown to complain of interference by federal conservative MPs Nick Minchin, Grant Chapman and Andrew Southcott.

</doc>
<doc id="20009662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009662" title="KLJH">
KLJH

KLJH (107.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Inspirational format. Licensed to Bayfield, Colorado, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Voice Ministries of Farmington and features programing from Salem Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="20009680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009680" title="Mark S. Homer">
Mark S. Homer

Mark Homer (Born August 28, 1962) is a liberal Democratic politician and businessman from Paris, Texas who is the Texas State Representative for District 3 of the Texas House of Representatives. Hopkins, Titus, Franklin, Delta, Lamar and Red River Counties are in District 3. He was a member of the Committee on Culture, Recreation and Tourism and Vice-Chair of the Committee on Judiciary in 2008. 
In the 1998 Democratic Primary, Homer defeated B. D. Blount with 67% of the vote. Homer then defeated Sue Fancher in his first legislative race in November 1998, winning 57% of the vote. In the 2000 Democratic Primary, Homer won 82% of the vote against Patricia Blount. He then ran unopposed in the 2000 and in the 2002 general Elections.
In the 2004 Democratic Primary, he won 79% of the vote, defeating Richard Bradley Weemes.
In that year's general election, he was re-elected by a margin of about 300 votes, defeating Republican Kirby Hollingsworth, carrying only two counties in District 3. In 2005, he expressed dissatisfaction with the House leadership during a special session for school funding. In 2006, Homer served on the Committee on Environmental Regulation, the Committee on Local and Consent Calendars, and the Committee on Licensing and Administrative Procedures. He chaired the Occupational Licensing Subcommittee. Republican State Senator Bill Ratliff, a former Lieutenant Governor, supported Homer's 2006 bid for re-election. On November 8, 2006, he won by a substantial margin against Hollingsworth, carrying five of the six counties in the district. 
In 2008, he was again opposed by Hollingsworth in his bid for re-election. About a week before the election, Homer's campaign reported about $192,000 in contributions. He received support from such groups as teachers, Realtors, small business owners, municipal employees, architects, and farmers 
Homer is married with three children. He received a degree in Animal Science from Texas A&M University in 1984 and an MBA Angelo State University in 1988. He co-owns Sonic Drive-In franchises and has worked as a meat buyer for Safeway Supermarkets. He serves as a member of the Texas Legislative Tourism Caucus, as a member of Board of the Texas Conservative Coalition Research Institute, is vice chair of the Texas Conservative Coalition, and is a director of the Texas Legislative Sportsman Caucus. In 2008, he received the Champion of Rural Health Care Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20009687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009687" title="Music in the Castlevania series">
Music in the Castlevania series

Castlevania is an action adventure game series.
Recurring themes.
Most of "Castlevania's" music changes from game to game, but some themes recur often. These include "Vampire Killer", "Bloody Tears", and "Beginning", three very popular tracks, first appearing in "Castlevania", ', and ' respectively. Other songs such as "Dance of Illusions", "Divine Bloodlines", and "Poison Mind" have been often recurring themes throughout the series. Several songs, including both "Vampire Killer" and "Bloody Tears" were also featured in the soundtracks of other Konami games, including "Konami Wai Wai World", "", and "Konami Krazy Racers".

</doc>
<doc id="20009689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009689" title="1979–80 St. Louis Blues season">
1979–80 St. Louis Blues season

The 1979–80 St. Louis Blues season was the 13th in franchise history. It involved the team returning to the NHL Playoffs for the first time in three seasons, following the team's 34-34-12 record during the regular-season, good for 80 points. The season started the team's run of 25 consecutive seasons of playoff appearances, a record for any non-Original Six NHL franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="20009690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009690" title="Mohra (necklace)">
Mohra (necklace)

A mohra is a piece of jewelry used during a Sikh wedding ceremony. It is a necklace made of gold coins worn by the bride.
The mohra is given to the groom by the bride's father, who places it around the bride's neck after the wedding ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20009695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009695" title="Bohol Chronicle">
Bohol Chronicle

The Bohol Chronicle popularly known as the Chronicle, is the most widely read local community newspaper in the province of Bohol. It is distributed every Wednesday and Sunday.
History.
The "Bohol Chronicle" was founded on 1954. It entered as a second class mail matter at the Post Office of Tagbilaran City on August 10, 1954 and was awarded Community Newspaper of the Year (----?).

</doc>
<doc id="20009697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009697" title="KKDG">
KKDG

KKDG (99.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 format. Licensed to Durango, Colorado, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Winton Road Broadcasting Co, LLC and features programing from ABC Radio.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KWXA on 1992-07-02. On 1998-04-10, the station became KPTE, and became the current KKDG on 2014-01-29.

</doc>
<doc id="20009707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009707" title="McLaren M6A">
McLaren M6A

The McLaren M6A was a race car developed by driver Bruce McLaren and his Bruce McLaren Motor Racing team for their entry in 1967 Can-Am season. As a replacement for the team's M1Bs from 1966, the Chevrolet-powered M6A's improved design earned Bruce McLaren and his team their first of multiple Can-Am championships. After the M6As were replaced by the M8A in preparation for 1968, McLaren and technical partner Trojan developed the M6B which was sold to customers for use in Can-Am as well as other racing series.
The M6 name was later used in the development of a closed-cockpit sports car for the 24 Hours of Le Mans and known as the M6GT. The company's plan to homologate it for the FIA's Group 4 regulations was however never completed, and only a few M6GT prototypes were finished by McLaren and Trojan. Two M6GTs were later converted to road cars, one of which became Bruce McLaren's personal transport.
Development.
Bruce McLaren gathered several designers to develop the M6A during the off-season in early 1967. Along with McLaren himself, Robin Herd, Gordon Coppuck, Tyler Alexander, and Don Beresford all worked on the layout of the M6A's chassis and bodywork. The car featured the first monocoque chassis constructed by McLaren, while the bodywork was specifically shaped to increase downforce suited for the Can-Am circuits. McLaren's team also expanded into engine development, creating a fuel injection system for their Chevrolet V8s. Another addition to the team was a new tire supplier, with Goodyear replacing Firestone in exchange for a testing and development program.
The first M6A was completed in spring 1967, and brought to the nearby Goodwood Circuit for testing. Bruce McLaren Motor Racing carried out over 2000 miles of testing at the circuit in preparation for the upcoming Can-Am season, tuning the car as well as gathering data for Goodyear's use. As two further M6As were completed, the team shipped the cars to North America to prepare for the opening race of the season. A final addition to the cars was a coat of orange paint. This new "McLaren Orange" color scheme would eventually become synonymous with Bruce McLaren and the team.
After the retirement of the M6As, McLaren entrusted Trojan with constructing duplicates which could be sold to customers. These M6Bs were nearly identical to the M6As but were sold without an engine. Several other M6Bs were also modified to fit closed-cockpit bodywork.
Racing history.
The 1967 Can-Am season began in September at Road America. Bruce McLaren's M6A qualified on pole position with a new track record, while teammate Denny Hulme's car led once the race began. Although McLaren's car suffered an oil leak and failed to finish, Hulme was able to earn the car's first victory. The next two events had the team running away from the opposition, with Hulme and McLaren finishing first and second consecutively. The roles were however swapped over the next two races as it was McLaren who won on both occasions, but problems with Hulme's car allowed McLaren to take the lead in the points standings going into the final round. For the finale at the Stardust Grand Prix, problems with the Chevrolet motors led to blown engines and neither car reaching the finish. However, with their performance over the season, Bruce McLaren secured the 1967 Can-Am Challenge Cup, while Hulme was ranked second only three points behind.
As Bruce McLaren Motor Racing moved to developing the M8A, the M6Bs began to be delivered to customers for the 1968 season. Several of the M6As were also sold with Roger Penske purchasing one car for defending United States Road Racing Championship (USRRC) champion Mark Donohue. Donohue won several USRRC events that season and earned his second championship. Donohue also later won a race in Can-Am, beating the newer McLaren M8As. After the cancellation of the USRRC after 1968, the M6As and M6Bs continued to be used into the early 1970s but none were able to achieve victory against their newer competitors.
The M6A and M6B also featured prominently in the early years of the Australian Sports Car Championship (ASCC). Driving a McLaren M6B fitted with a 5.0 litre Repco V8 engine, John Harvey won the 1971 and 1972 championships. 1972 would prove to be the last time a McLaren raced in the ASCC.

</doc>
<doc id="20009726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009726" title="Lau Si Io">
Lau Si Io

Lau Si Io (劉仕堯) is a civil servant in Macau and the current Secretariat for Transport and Public Works since 2007.
Biography.
Lau was born and raised in Macau, high school graduated from Yuet Wah College. He obtained an engineering graduate from the University of Calgary. After three years in the private sector (1982–1984), Lau joined the civil service and worked for the then Leal Senado.
Lau has held various civil service positions:

</doc>
<doc id="20009734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009734" title="KRSJ">
KRSJ

KRSJ (100.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Durango, Colorado, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Four Corners Broadcasting, LLC and features programing from Fox News Radio and Westwood One.

</doc>
<doc id="20009736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009736" title="Wong Chan Tong">
Wong Chan Tong

Wong Chan Tong (Francis Wong Chan Tong) is a civil servant in Macau and the current Director under the Secretariat for Transport and Public Works (Macau) and works for Lau Si Io. He was former head of the Industry, Construction and External Trade Statistics Department of the Macau Statistics and Census Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20009740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009740" title="Chihuahua Municipality">
Chihuahua Municipality

Chihuahua is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is the city of Chihuahua which is also the capital of Chihuahua State. 
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 758,791, with 748,551 in the municipal seat. It covers an area of 9219.30 km².
Geography.
The municipality includes 375 localities, the population of the principal ones are:

</doc>
<doc id="20009746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009746" title="Lai Kin Ian">
Lai Kin Ian

Lai Kin Ian is the Director of Public Prosecution under the Procurator General of Macau. He is a senior state attorney under the Secretariat for Administration and Justice (Macau).

</doc>
<doc id="20009750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009750" title="Haneragmiut">
Haneragmiut

Haneragmiut were a geographically defined Copper Inuit subgroup in the Canadian territory of Nunavut. They were the most westerly band of those that hunted in southern Victoria Island. They were generally located on the north shore of Dolphin and Union Strait, north of Cape Bexley, and south of Prince Albert Sound, on Victoria Island. Though they migrated seasonally both north and south for hunting, fishing, and trade, they were unaware that Victoria Island was an island.
Ethnology.
Arctic explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson discovered the Hanergmiut on May 17, 1910. At the time, the Haneragmiut numbered approximately 40 people. Seasonally, a few Haneragmiut hunted and traded to the south on the mainland with another Cape Bexley subgroup, the Akuliakattagmiut, while other Haneragmiut migrated as far north as Tahiryuak Lake to hunt caribou with the Kanianermiut. The Ekalluktogmiut were situated to the east of the Haneragmiut.
After his return to Seattle and New York City in 1912, Stefansson made the Haneragmiut, Kanhirgmiut and Nuwukpagmiut famous, referring to them as "Blond Eskimos".
Later studies by anthropologist Diamond Jenness showed that the subgroups of Akuliakattagmiut, Haneragmiut, Kogluktogmiut, Pallirmiut, Puiplirmiut, and Uallirgmiut {also known as the Kanianermiut} were mixed through intermarriage and by family shiftting.

</doc>
<doc id="20009761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009761" title="Junior golf">
Junior golf

Junior golf refers to the game of golf being played by boys and girls who have not finished secondary school or reached the age of 19, whichever comes first.
More specifically, any person falling under the above definition who has played at least one round of golf in a given year is a junior golfer. Competitive junior golfers play in high level competitions. These competitions are found on junior tours such as the American Junior Golf Association, Future Stars Golf Series, International Junior Golf Tour (IJGT), Tarheel Junior Golf, Texas Legends Junior Tour, [http://wwwGolfbyKids.com]. Competitions are ranked by national services to identify the best players of a country.
In the UK there are a number of junior golf tours with the largest being run by the Independent Schools Golf Association (ISGA),and the British Schools Golf Association, [http://www.britishschoolsgolf.com
Among the most prominent national junior tournaments are the U.S. Junior Amateur, U.S. Girls' Junior, the Western Junior the Northern Junior, and the The Press Thornton Future Masters.
The First Tee [http://www.thefirsttee.org] is an international youth development organization introducing the game of golf and its inherent values to young people. Their focus is to positively impact the lives of kids and teens from all walks of life by reinforcing values like integrity, respect and perseverance through the game of golf.

</doc>
<doc id="20009762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009762" title="Ho Ven On">
Ho Ven On

Ho Ven On is a former civil servant in Macau and served as Assistant Secretary for Administration, Education and Youth during Portuguese rule of Macau.
He was one a few local Chinese in the senior ranks of the civil service in Macau.

</doc>
<doc id="20009771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009771" title="Twelve Angry Men (Hancock's Half Hour)">
Twelve Angry Men (Hancock's Half Hour)

"Twelve Angry Men" is an episode of the BBC television situation comedy programme "Hancock's Half Hour", starring Tony Hancock and featuring Sid James, and first broadcast on 16 October 1959. Written by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson, the title is a retronym - the episodes were not originally identified separately.
The episode is a parody of the 1957 film "12 Angry Men".
Plot.
Hancock and Sid are members of a jury in the trial of a man - John Harrison Peabody - accused of stealing some jewellery. Hancock has been elected jury foreman and continually interrupts the proceedings. He asks if the jury can see the evidence for a second time, to which the judge agrees. 
Hancock tries on one of the exhibits - a diamond ring - but is unable to remove it. Numerous attempts to remove the ring prove futile, so he and the other jury members have to retire for their deliberations with the ring still stuck on Hancock's finger.
In the jury room, Hancock finds he is the only jury member voting for a not guilty verdict, the other members being keen to bring the case to a conclusion as quickly as possible. Sid is also in favour of finding the accused guilty, before changing his mind when Hancock mentions that the jurors are being paid 30 shillings a day for their services. By using appeals to sentiment, emotional blackmail and talk of the fine tradition of British justice ("Does Magna Carta mean nothing to you? Did she die in vain?") Hancock gradually manages to persuade all the other jurors to change their minds in favour of a not guilty verdict. The last juror to be persuaded - a banker - only reluctantly follows the consensus, and in doing so warns Hancock that the freed man might once again embark on a life of burgling houses, possibly including Hancock's. The banker's words give Hancock second thoughts, and he has an abrupt change of opinion in favour of finding the accused guilty. The rest of the jury immediately do likewise (though Sid only does so on condition of being paid 30 shillings compensation by each of the other jury members, to compensate for "lost earnings") and they leave to deliver their verdict to the court, reflecting on how the values of British justice have triumphed.
Back in the courtroom, Hancock announces the jury's verdict. As they are about to leave, the judge reminds Hancock that he has still not returned the diamond ring that was stuck on his finger. Hancock realises he has lost the ring, possibly when he shook hands with the other jurors. The episode ends with all twelve jury members appearing in the dock accused of theft, with Hancock - still acting as spokesperson for the ex-jurors - pleading guilty on behalf of all of them.
Legacy.
The comedian Ben Miller, in the BBC documentary "My Hero: Ben Miller on Tony Hancock", said that "Twelve Angry Men" was his favourite Hancock episode and claimed to have watched it at least thirty times.
The episode was remade for ITV in 1996 with Paul Merton in the Hancock role, as part of the series "Paul Merton in Galton & Simpson's..."

</doc>
<doc id="20009773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009773" title="Jorge Alberto Hagedorn Rangel">
Jorge Alberto Hagedorn Rangel

Dr. Jorge Alberto da Conceição Hagedorn Rangel was a Portuguese civil servant in Macau and served in the post of Secretary for Public Administration, Education and Youth.

</doc>
<doc id="20009781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009781" title="1986–87 St. Louis Blues season">
1986–87 St. Louis Blues season

The 1986–87 St. Louis Blues season was the 20th in franchise history. It involved the team finishing with a 32-33-15 record, good for 79 points, as they finished 1st in the Norris Division, clinching the title on the final day of the regular-season. This would be the final division title for the Blues until the 1999-2000 season.
Playoffs.
The Blues lost the Norris Division semifinal series to the Toronto Maple Leafs in six games.

</doc>
<doc id="20009789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009789" title="KTRA-FM">
KTRA-FM

KTRA-FM (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Farmington, New Mexico, USA, the station serves the Four Corners area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features programing from ABC Radio, Jones Radio Network and Premiere Radio Networks.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KTRA on 1985-09-11.

</doc>
<doc id="20009798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009798" title="German submarine U-143">
German submarine U-143

U-143 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20009802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009802" title="Discrete and Computational Geometry">
Discrete and Computational Geometry

The journal is indexed by "Mathematical Reviews", Zentralblatt MATH, Science Citation Index, and Current Contents/Engineering, Computing and Technology.
Its 2009 impact factor is 0.935.

</doc>
<doc id="20009808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009808" title="Heather Southcott">
Heather Southcott

Heather Southcott (born 15 November 1928) was an Australian politician, representing the electoral district of Mitcham (now Waite) in the South Australian House of Assembly for the Australian Democrats.
The seat was won by Southcott and the Democrats at the 1982 Mitcham by-election, resulting from the resignation of Robin Millhouse, who represented the seat since its creation in 1955. While Millhouse originally represented the Liberal and Country League (the predecessor to the Liberal Party of Australia in South Australia), disagreement within the party over social policy direction and electoral reform saw him leave the party in 1973 to assist in the formation of the Liberal Movement, which became the New LM in 1976, which then became the Australian Democrats in 1977, and continued with the Democrats until his resignation from parliament in 1982. Southcott lost the seat at the 1982 state election to Stephen Baker from the moderate faction of the Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20009822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009822" title="Medicine Hat School District No. 76">
Medicine Hat School District No. 76

Medicine Hat School District No. 76 is the public school board in Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada.
Size.
Medicine Hat School District No. 76 operates 15 schools covering grades ranging from Kindergarten to Grade 12. Enrollment for 2008/2009 was 6,370 students. As well, the school district operates three outreach programs/schools. The operating budget was $60.2 million for the 2008-2009 fiscal year.
Schools.
Elementary schools
Middle schools
High schools

</doc>
<doc id="20009843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009843" title="German submarine U-145">
German submarine U-145

U-145 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20009854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009854" title="2008–09 Galatasaray S.K. season">
2008–09 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 2008–09 season was Galatasarays 105th in existence and the 51st consecutive season in the Süper Lig. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club have played in the season.
Current squad.
"As of March 10, 2009; according to the official website. [http://www.galatasaray.org/futboltakimi].
Squad statistics.
Statistics accurate as of match played June 1, 2009
Matches.
Turkish Super League.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EEST)"
UEFA Champions League.
"All times at CET"
UEFA Cup.
"All times at CET"
Turkish Super Cup.
"All times at CEST"
Fortis Turkish Cup.
Group stage.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EEST)"

</doc>
<doc id="20009857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009857" title="Bright School, Baroda">
Bright School, Baroda

Bright School is a school in Gujarat, India, with a strength of around 15,000 students under the care of around 900 teaching and non-teaching staff. It is managed by the Bright Education Trust.
Bright School was started in 1971 with three rooms and 33 students. The management was taken over by Shri Jayendrabhai Shah on 1 January 1973. 
S.S.C Board Examination result is always above 95% and H.S.C Board Examination result averages at 85%. Names of students are in the list of top ten meritorious students at S.S.C and H.S.C Board Examination at State Level and City Level.
Bright School is an Certified Institution.
Mrs Rupa Sarma Is the present principal of the Vasna CBSE branch
Infrastructure.
Bright School is housed in five buildings (three at Karelibaug and two at Vasna) .
At Karelibaug the total built up area is . There are 224 rooms:
At Vasna the total built up area is . and an open ground area of . There are 125 rooms:

</doc>
<doc id="20009864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009864" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Baltimore, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Baltimore, Maryland

National Register of Historic Places listings in the city of Baltimore, Maryland:
This list covers the 287 properties and historic districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Baltimore, Maryland. For NRHP listings in Baltimore County, which surrounds but does not include the city, please see National Register of Historic Places listings in Baltimore County, Maryland. The county does not include the city; the city is an independent county-equivalent.
The central portion of the city and significant portions of the waterfront and city park system are included in the federally designated Baltimore National Heritage Area.
Historic properties and districts in Baltimore, Maryland on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="20009867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009867" title="German submarine U-148">
German submarine U-148

U-148 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20009873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009873" title="Bridal Veil Falls (Telluride)">
Bridal Veil Falls (Telluride)

Bridal Veil Falls is a 365 foot (111 m) waterfall at the end of the box canyon overlooking Telluride, Colorado. Hiking and off-road trails pass by the falls and the power plant at its top. In winter the frozen shape of the falls forms an imposing challenge to intrepid ice climbers.
Bridal Veil Falls is a two pronged waterfall. The trail past the falls continues on to mountain meadows and mountain lakes above .
The house/power plant atop the falls was restored, operated and lived in (1991–2010) by Eric Jacobson. The power generated now provides about 25 percent of Telluride's demand for electricity. The plant was originally used to power the Smuggler-Union Mine and in winter requires an aerial tramway for access. It is the second-oldest operating AC generator in the United States, the first being the nearby Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant by Ophir, Colorado. The Idarado Mining Company now owns and operates the power plant. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Smuggler-Union Hydroelectric Power Plant.
The falls were opened briefly in the 1990s to ice climbers, but the area is private property so climbing has been legally prohibited since. Referred to as a "mega classic" and "the most difficult waterfall ice climb in North America" some climbers have trespassed to take a crack at the imposing and dangerous climb, but a land purchase proposal and an insurance deal may change the situation. Climbers were excited by the proposal in 2008 that would reopen the falls to climbers. Legendary climbers Jeff Lowe (climber) and Mike Wiess were known to have been the first to summit the falls in 1978, the effort having been broadcast on ABC’s Wide World of Sports.
The area around Bridal Veil Falls is subject to avalanche and controlled shelling to create controlled slides is an event popular with spectators and photographers. Reaching the top of the falls in winter can be a precarious venture, even for the experienced family that call the plant home.

</doc>
<doc id="20009876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009876" title="German submarine U-149">
German submarine U-149

U-149 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20009883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009883" title="Gullage's">
Gullage's

"Gullage's" was a Canadian television sitcom, which aired on CBC Television from 1996 to 1997. The show starred Bryan Hennessey as Calvin Pope, a cab driver for Gullage's Taxi in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
The cast also included Brenda Devine, Brian Best, Elizabeth Pickard, Frank Barry, Janis Spence, Jody Richardson, Koady Whelan, Mercedes Barry, Michael Wade and Philip Dinn. The show aired for a total of 18 episodes over two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20009884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009884" title="Island trevally">
Island trevally

The island trevally, "Carangoides orthogrammus" (also known as the island jack, thicklip trevally and false bluefin trevally), is a widespread species of offshore marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The island trevally is common through the tropical regions of the Indian and Pacific Oceans, ranging from Mozambique and the Seychelles in the west to Hawaii and the Revillagigedo Islands in the central and eastern Pacific. The species is almost completely absent from the continental shelves, instead inhabiting offshore islands where it is found in lagoons and on reef systems. It is a moderately large fish, growing to a maximum recorded length of 75 cm and 6.6 kg in weight, and is distinguishable by its angular snout and yellow spots, as well as more detailed anatomical features. The island trevally often moves in small schools, preying on a variety of small fishes and crustaceans. It is of moderate importance to fisheries throughout its range, often taken by trawls, hook and line and various inshore netting methods, and is sold fresh or salted at market.
Taxonomy and naming.
The island trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, itself part the order Perciformes, in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first scientifically described by the American ichthyologists Jordan and Gilbert in 1881 based on a specimen taken from the Revillagigedo Islands, which was designated to be the holotype. They named this new species "Caranx orthogrammus", placing the species in a closely related genus of jacks, but this was later changed to "Carangoides" after further revision of the family had occurred. The species was independently redescribed a named a number of times, with the fish placed in subspecies status twice. John Treadwell Nichols considered his "C. ferdau jordani" to be separate to "C. orthogrammus", or possibly a subspecies of the blue trevally, "Carangoides ferdau", and was later treansferred to "Carangoides jordani". It was also considered a subspecies of a synonym the bludger, "Carangoides gymnostethoides", and was also renamed as "Carangoides nitidus". The fish is now considered a separate species, with the subspecies names and the later names rendered invalid under the ICZN naming rules. The species is commonly known as 'island trevally' in reference to its preferred offshore habitat, with the names 'thicklip trevally' and 'false bluefin trevally' also used as descriptive names. The specific epithet means "straight lined" in Greek.
Description.
The island trevally is a pale blue green above, becoming more silvery below, with adults having several quite large elliptical yellow to brassy spots scattered on their body close to the midline. There may be 9 or 10 dark vertical bars on the body from the head to the caudal peduncle. The soft dorsal, anal and caudal fins are a pale brownish to brilliant blue, with all other fins being pale green to hyaline in colour.
Distribution and habitat.
As the species common name partly suggests, the island trevally very rarely is found on the continental shelves, instead living around offshore islands formed by volcanic activity or isolated slivers of continental material remaining from continental rifting. These islands are often quite large, and have most of the geographical features of the continental environment including beaches, reefs, lagoons and even estuaries. The island trevally is known from all of these habitats, as well as slightly deeper seaward reefs up to 50 m deep.
In Hawaii, the species is less frequently found inside protected bays, and more often slightly further offshore presumably due to competition with other species.
The island trevally is one of a number of carangid species known to be attracted to man made fish attracting devices, which are installed to aggregate fish for anglers.
Biology and fishery.
The island trevally moves both as a solitary individual or in small schools through its habitat, with the species often accounting for large proportions of an areas immediate biomass when moving in schools.
The species diet consisting of small fish species and crustaceans, with studies on the species exact diet composition has finding the fish takes different species and different ratios of prey throughout its range. A study conducted in New Caledonia found the species consumed 98% fish, with only 1 percent crabs and shrimps, while a large study in Hawaii found it took 64.7% crustaceans including crabs, shrimps and stomatopods while taking only 32.3% fish consisting of gobies and benthic fishes of the order scorpaeniformes, as well as 2% cephalopods. In this setting, it appears that the major carangid species in the region alter their diet to reduce interspecific competition, but change this partitioning elsewhere in their range where they co-occur. Reproduction and growth are poorly studied in the species, with only a general estimate of spawning timing of March in the Solomon Islands.
The island trevally is of moderate importance to fisheries throughout its range, often taken by hook and line, trawls and various types of artisanal gear.
The species is generally only caught as bycatch, with catch numbers often very small in comparison to the target species of the fishery.
Throughout most of its range, catch statistics are not kept. The species is marketed fresh, dry or salted, and is considered a good table fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20009888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009888" title="German submarine U-150">
German submarine U-150

U-150 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20009912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009912" title="Klamath Falls City School District">
Klamath Falls City School District

Klamath Falls City School District is a public school district serving Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States.
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 249 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 6.3% of students in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20009960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009960" title="Kogluktogmiut">
Kogluktogmiut

Kogluktogmiut (alternate: Kogloktogmiut) were a geographically defined Copper Inuit subgroup in the Canadian territory of Nunavut. They were located by Bloody Falls (Inuktitut: "Kogluktok"; meaning: "it flows rapidly" or "spurts like a cut artery"), a waterfall on the lower course of the Coppermine River in the Kugluk/Bloody Falls Territorial Park, notable for the Bloody Falls Massacre.
Studies by anthropologist Diamond Jenness showed that the subgroups of Akuliakattagmiut, Haneragmiut, Kogluktogmiut, Pallirmiut, Puiplirmiut, and Uallirgmiut (also known as the Kanianermiut) mixed through intermarriage and by family shifting.

</doc>
<doc id="20009961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009961" title="John Uberti">
John Uberti

Major General John Uberti is the deputy commanding general for support for the U.S. Army Installation Management Command.
Military career.
John Uberti was originally from Merrick, New York, and was commissioned in the Field Artillery in 1983 upon graduation from the United States Military Academy, West Point, New York.
After completing the Field Artillery Officer Basic Course, he was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 320th Field Artillery Regiment, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) where he served as a Fire Support Team Chief, Battery Fire Direction Officer, Battery Executive Officer and Battalion S4. From 1988 to 1989, he served with the 2nd Infantry Division in the Republic of Korea as the Plans and Operations Officer, 6th Battalion, 37th Field Artillery, a composite 8”/MLRS battalion. After completing his tour in Korea, BG Uberti was assigned to the 82d Airborne Division where he served as Battalion Maintenance Officer, 2nd Battalion, 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment. During Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, he commanded Battery B, 2nd Battalion, 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment.
John Uberti served as the Commanding Officer, 1st Battalion, 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment from June 1999 until June 2001 and served as the Inspector General, 82nd Airborne Division from June 2001 until June 2002. Upon completion of the Naval War college in 2003, BG Uberti was assigned to Headquarters Department of the Army, ODCS G/3/5/7 where he served as the Chief, Battle Command Division until July 2005. BG Uberti reported to Fort Sill, Oklahoma in July 2005, where he served as the Commander, U.S. Army Garrison Fort Sill until July 2007, and then the Chief of Staff, U.S. Army Fires Center of Excellence at Fort Sill. He served as Commanding General, Installation Management Command, Korea Region from July 2008 to June 2010.
Uberti is a graduate of the Field Artillery Officer Basic and Advanced Courses, the Army Command and General Staff college, and the Naval War college. He holds an MA degree in National Security and Strategic Studies.
In August, 2012, Uberti was promoted to the rank of major general.
Awards, decorations and badges.
His awards and decorations include the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Army Commendation Medal with silver oak leaf cluster, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Master Parachutist Badge, Ranger Tab and Air Assault Badge.

</doc>
<doc id="20009968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009968" title="First Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
First Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The First Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the district covers the municipalities of Ahumada, Ascensión, Guadalupe, Janos, Práxedis G. Guerrero and the southern part of the municipality of Juárez.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ciudad Juárez.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the First District's territory was in the north and north-east of the state, covering the municipalities of Ahumada, Ascensión, Buenaventura, Casas Grandes, Galeana, Gómez Farías, Guadalupe, Ignacio Zaragoza, Janos, Madera, Matachí, Namiquipa, Nuevo Casas Grandes, Práxedis G. Guerrero and Temósachi; it was centred on the city of Nuevo Casas Grandes.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the First District was located in the centre of the state and was centred on the state capital, the city of Chihuahua

</doc>
<doc id="20009972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009972" title="Lord Changping">
Lord Changping

Lord Changping (昌平君; died 223 BC) was a general and lord of Qin, but later seceded from Qin and died as the last king of Chu (224–223 BC) in the last days Warring States period of ancient China.
Accounts in the Records of the Grand Historian.
The deeds of Lord Changping was mainly recorded in Vol. 6: "Annals of Qin Shi Huang" of the "Records of the Grand Historian".
In 238 BC, in the State of Qin, a pseudo-eunuch Lao Ai became intimate with Queen Dowager Zhao and plotted against King Zheng of Qin (who would later ascend to Shi Huang, the First Emperor):
The king found out this fact and ordered the chancellor (Lü Buwei) to let Lord Changping and Lord Changwen lead soldiers and attack Lao Ai. They battled at Xianyang (the capital of Qin) and killed hundreds the rebels. this deed, they all received the peerage. Also, all eunuchs who battled Lao Ai received one higher peerage than before.
Although Lao Ai could flee from this battle, he was finally captured and executed.
In 226 BC,Lord Changping moved to Ying (the capital of Chu).
In 224 BC, King Zheng of Qin ordered Wang Jian to conquer Chu, and he captured its king (Fuchu) and capital. The remnants, however, continued to resist by adopting Lord Changping as their new king:
Xiang Yan, general of Jing (another name of Chu), adopted Lord Changping as the king of Jing and resisted against Qin at Huainan. In the 24th year (223 BC), Wang Jian and Meng Wu assaulted Jing and defeated the Jing army. Lord Changping died and Xiang Yan finally put an end to himself.
To the contrary, Vol. 40: "House of Chu" records Fuchu as the last king of Chu and does not mention Lord Changping. Furthermore, the order of events is utterly reversed compared to the accounts in Vol. 6; the army of Qin killed General Xiang Yan in 224 BC and then captured Fuchu in 223 BC.
Other references.
He was the son of King Kaolie of Chu. Lord Changping's three predecessors were all his brothers: King You, King Ai, and Fuchu. He died from an arrow wound.
His name was not recorded but some archaeologists associate him with a prime minister Zhao (召) of Qin.

</doc>
<doc id="20009975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009975" title="Blond Bay State Game Reserve">
Blond Bay State Game Reserve

The Blond Bay State Game Reserve is a 2000 ha game reserve in Victoria, Australia. It lies on the north shore of Lake Victoria in the Gippsland Lakes about 20 km south-west of the town of Bairnsdale. It is used for seasonal duck and quail hunting as well as the balloted hunting of Hog Deer. The habitat consists of coastal heath and Banksia woodland with some wetland areas. It contains the threatened plant species Dwarf Kerrawang ("Rulingia prostrata").

</doc>
<doc id="20009996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009996" title="Roger Rosenblatt">
Roger Rosenblatt

Roger Rosenblatt (born 1940) is an American journalist, author, playwright and teacher. He was a long-time columnist for Time magazine. He is currently a professor at Stony Brook Southampton.
Career.
Roger Rosenblatt began writing professionally in his mid-30s, when he became Literary Editor and a columnist for The New Republic. Before that, he taught at Harvard, where he earned his Ph.D, held the Briggs-Copeland appointment in the teaching of writing, and was Allston-Burr Senior Tutor and Master of Dunster House. At age 29, he was the youngest house master in Harvard’s history. He was a Fulbright Scholar in Ireland in 1965–66. Six universities have awarded him honorary doctorates. In 2005, he was the Edward R. Murrow visiting professor at Harvard. In 2008 he was appointed Distinguished Professor of English and Writing at Stony Brook University, one of five such appointments in the SUNY system, where he currently teaches. 
His pieces for "Time" magazine have won two George Polk Awards, awards from the Overseas Press Club, the American Bar Association, and others. His television essays for the "NewsHour with Jim Lehrer" on PBS have won the Peabody and the Emmy. His "Time" cover essay, “A Letter to the Year 2086,” was chosen for the time capsule placed inside the Statue of Liberty at its centennial. When he was writing a column for the "Washington Post, Washingtonian" magazine named him “Best Columnist in Washington.” He is the author of 14 books, which have been published in 14 languages. They include the national bestseller, "Rules for Aging"; three collections of essays; and "Children of War", which won the Robert F. Kennedy Book Prize and was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award, and "Unless it Moves the Human Heart", on the art of writing. His first novel, "Lapham Rising" was also a national bestseller, as was "Making Toast", a book-length version of his December 2008 essay in "The New Yorker", on the death of his daughter. He has written six off-Broadway plays including "Ashley Montana Goes Ashore in the Caicos", and "The Oldsmobiles," both produced at the Flea Theater. His comic, one-person show, "Free Speech in America," which he performed at the American Place Theater, was cited by the "New York Times" as one of the 10 best plays of 1991. In 2009 he was selected as one of three finalists for the Robert Cherry Award for the most distinguished university teachers in the country. 
William Safire of the "New York Times" wrote that Roger Rosenblatt’s work represents “some of the most profound and stylish writing in America today.” "Vanity Fair" said that he “set new standards of thought and compassion” in journalism. The "Chicago Tribune" said that he turned “magazine journalism into an art form.” The "Philadelphia Inquirer" cited his essays for “unparalleled elegance and wit.” In its issue on “The Best” (January 2004), "Town and Country" named him the “finest essayist in the country.” Kirkus Reviews noted, "He has excelled in nearly every literary form." UPI called him “a national treasure.”
Publications.
The Man In The Water - 1994

</doc>
<doc id="20009999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20009999" title="Phlebolith">
Phlebolith

A phlebolith is a small local, usually rounded, calcification within a vein. These are very common in the veins of the lower part of the pelvis, and they are generally of no clinical importance. When located in the pelvis they are sometimes difficult to differentiate from kidney stones in the ureters on X-ray. 
Phleboliths in the pelvic region are present in about 44.2% of people and are more common in females (50.1%) than males (37.3%). The amount of phleboliths increases with age and they also appear more often on the left than on the right side of the pelvic region. Phleboliths outside the pelvic region appear in about 2% of the population.
Phleboliths can be diagnostic for hemangiomas on ultrasound.

</doc>
<doc id="20010002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010002" title="Enniscorthy (disambiguation)">
Enniscorthy (disambiguation)

Enniscorthy may refer to:
or it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010035" title="Edmund Chen">
Edmund Chen

Edmund Chen (, born 4 February 1961) is a Chinese Singaporean film actor, singer, television actor and host.
Career.
Chen entered the entertainment industry after completing the SBC (predecessor of MediaCorp) 7th drama training course in 1987. He starred in several high-profile dramas such as sci-fi drama series "Star Maiden", "Air Force" and police thriller "Patrol", where he first met and later married co-star Xiang Yun. During the late 1990s he temporarily left showbiz for several years to concentrate on other projects. After returning to MediaCorp his popularity soared and he won the Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes award seven consecutive times. During the Star Awards 2007 25th anniversary special, he and Ivy Lee, who played his on-screen partner many times, were named the Top 5 Favourite On-screen Couples for their roles as husband and wife in "Double Happiness". He left MediaCorp at the end of 2007 for family reasons but made a brief return to the screens as a guest star in Channel 5 comedy "Calefare" and the second season of Channel U production "Perfect Cut". Besides acting, he has also presented and hosted shows ranging from sports events to variety shows to charity galas.
Chen is one of the few Singaporeans to have successfully ventured into Hollywood and has starred in a film produced by Warner Brothers ("Turn Left, Turn Right"), as well as more recently in "" distributed by Fox Pictures, as Xiang, father of Chun Li.
Chen directed his first feature film "Echoing Love" (爱情六重奏), which consists of six shorts directed by six different people and the cast includes Erica Lee, Alaric Tay, Vincent Ng, Nathaniel Ho and his wife Xiang Yun. It was screened at the 25th Singapore International Film Festival in 2012.
Brand Endorsement.
Chen is also the brand ambassador and spokesman for many products which include Beijing 101 Hair Consultants (www.beijing101hair.com), Mitsubishi Electric, Chien Chi Tow,G- Spa, Donut Empire and KKC Property in Singapore and throughout the Asian region.
Personal life.
Chen married fellow MediaCorp actress Xiang Yun in 1989 after meeting on the set of "Patrol" and they have two children. Their son Yixi made his acting debut in the web drama series "i.Rock" in early 2012. His younger sister is theatre director and entrepreneur Loretta Chen.

</doc>
<doc id="20010039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010039" title="WWMT-DT2">
WWMT-DT2

WWMT-DT2, virtual channel 3.2 (VHF digital channel 8.2), is a CW-affiliated television station serving Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States that is licensed to Kalamazoo. It operates as a second digital subchannel of CBS affiliate WWMT (channel 3), which is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group. Its parent station has studios on West Maple Street in Kalamazoo, and its transmitter is located on Chief Noonday Road/M-179, northwest of Yankee Springs Township, along the Barry and Allegan County line. 
WWMT-DT2 is also available on Charter Communications channel 7 (which lends itself to the subchannel's on-air branding, "CW 7") and Comcast channel 17. Syndicated programming on WWMT-DT2 includes "Family Guy", "America's Court with Judge Ross", "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "The Big Bang Theory". It is one of the few subchannel-only CW affiliates that is not part of The CW Plus.
History.
On January 24, 2006, the Warner Bros. unit of Time Warner and CBS Corporation announced that the two companies would shut down The WB and UPN and combine the networks' respective programming to create a new "fifth" network called The CW.
On February 22, 2006, News Corporation announced the launch of a new "sixth" network called MyNetworkTV, which would be operated by Fox Television Stations and its syndication division Twentieth Television. MyNetworkTV was created to compete against another upstart network that would launch at the same time that September, The CW (an amalgamated network that was originally consisted primarily of UPN and The WB's higher-rated programs) as well as to give UPN and WB stations that were not mentioned as becoming CW affiliates another option besides converting to independent stations.
On April 4, 2006, WWMT announced it had signed an affiliation deal to carry The CW on a new second digital subchannel. It was reported Class A UPN affiliate WXSP-CA (channel 15) was in discussions to join The CW, but due to that station's heavy reliance on professional sports during prime-time (WXSP's highest-rated programming) and The CW's concerns over programming preemptions (even though the network has affiliates in other markets, most notably WGN-TV in Chicago, with sports commitments that subject The CW's programming to preemptions), the two sides could not come to an agreement. 
As a result, West Michigan is one of the largest television markets where The CW was not available through over-the-air analog broadcasts and is one of the few stations the new network was awarded that had not previously been affiliated with either The WB or UPN. WXSP joined MyNetworkTV upon the network's September 5th launch and WWMT did the same with The CW when it began on September 18. From that date through early-December, WWMT-DT2 was known as "West Michigan's CW"; it has since been known as "CW 7".
Newscasts.
On September 18, 2008, WWMT began producing a nightly prime time newscast at 10 p.m. on its second digital subchannel. This established a third local news option in the timeslot competing with Fox affiliate WXMI (channel 17)'s longer-established hour-long newscasts and a half-hour WOOD-TV-produced newscast on MyNetworkTV affiliate WXSP. Known as "NewsChannel 3 Live at 10 on CW 7", it currently airs for 30 minutes featuring a separate title opening, "CW 7" labeled mics, and a "NewsChannel 3 on CW 7" watermark in the bottom right hand corner of the screen. Until September 2013, WWMT-DT2 also aired the nationally syndicated morning news program "The Daily Buzz", each weekday morning from 6 to 9 a.m.; this was replaced by a simulcast of the 6 a.m. hour of WWMT's weekday morning newscast.
On April 16, 2011, WWMT became the second television station in the Grand Rapids market to begin broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition (updated graphics were introduced along with the change). However, newscasts on WWMT-DT2 are still presented in standard definition as the subchannel, although it broadcasts in widescreen, is not available in HD. 

</doc>
<doc id="20010052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010052" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Second Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Second Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Chihuahua's Second District covers the western portion of Ciudad Juárez and of the surrounding municipality of Juárez.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ciudad Juárez.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Almost exactly the same as the current configuration.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the Second District was located in the south of the state, centred on the city of Hidalgo del Parral.

</doc>
<doc id="20010066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010066" title="U.S. Route 14 in Wyoming">
U.S. Route 14 in Wyoming

In the U.S. state of Wyoming, U.S. Highway 14 (US 14) runs east to west across the northern part of the state. The road connects South Dakota on the east with Yellowstone National Park on the west. It is mostly a two lane surface road except for several sections that it shares with Interstate 90.
Route description.
While the official western terminus of the road is at the Eastern gate of Yellowstone National Park there is an unsigned section within the park itself starting at a junction with U.S. Route 89 and U.S. Route 287 at West Thumb and following the northern shore of Yellowstone Lake. From the park US 14 is co-signed with U.S. Route 16 and U.S. Route 20. The roads lead east out of the Absaroka Range and down the Shoshone River valley to Cody. Here, U.S. Route 14 Alternate (US 14A) splits north toward Powell, while US 14/16/20 continues east across the Bighorn Basin to Greybull. At Greybull, US 16 and US 20 go south, while US 14 travels east to Shell, and the western slope of the Big Horn Mountains. The road ascends a windy path through steep Shell Canyon and rejoins US 14A at the top of the range at Burgess Junction. The road is designated as Bighorn Scenic Byway between Shell and Dayton on the eastern side of the mountain range. On the east side of the Bighorns, the road merges with Interstate 90 and travels southeast to Sheridan, Wyoming. From Sheridan, the road continues east, rejoining with US Route 16 near Clearmont. The roads travel across the Powder River Country to Gillette, Wyoming where it joins again with Interstate 90 to Moorcroft. From here, it diverges north from Interstate 90 briefly to junction with Wyoming Highway 24 with access to Devils Tower National Monument. US 14 turns south and rejoins Interstate 90 which it follows to the eastern border of Wyoming and South Dakota.
History.
US 14 was originally planned to stop in Wall, South Dakota. In 1936, the road was extended to the Wyoming border and US 16 was rerouted through Newcastle and the old US 16 was re designated as US 14. Prior to 1940, US 14 followed the route currently serviced by US 14A through Lovell and Powell. In 1940, the highway took over Wyoming Highway 520 between Burgess Junction and Greybull, and the old road was renamed Wyoming Highway 14. Due to confusion, it was recommissioned as US 14A in 1965. In the 1960s portions of the highway in the eastern part of the state became Interstate 90.
Related route.
U.S. Highway 14 Alternate is an alternate route for U.S. Highway 14 between Cody and Burgess Junction. At its west end in Cody, US 14 is concurrent with U.S. Highway 16 and U.S. Highway 20. West of Burgess Junction, US 14A passes through the Big Horn Mountains, reaching a maximum elevation of . This portion of the road is closed during the winter months. The total length of US 14A is approximately . Intermediate towns on the highway include Powell and Lovell. At Lovell, US 14A is concurrent with U.S. Highway 310 for approximately .
In the initial 1925 plan, roughly the west half of present US 14 Alternate, from Cody to U.S. Highway 310 in Deaver, was assigned the number U.S. Highway 220. However, two spurs of US 20 were added in Pennsylvania, and so US 220 became U.S. Highway 420 in the final 1926 plan.
Around 1933, U.S. Highway 116 was extended west from Sheridan to Deaver, then absorbing US 420 to end at Cody. Soon after, it became part of an extended US 14. US 14 was shifted south to its present alignment in 1940, and the old alignment became Wyoming 14 for a while, and was recommissioned as US 14 Alternate around 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20010080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010080" title="Linnwood">
Linnwood

Linnwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010100" title="Hafezzi Huzur">
Hafezzi Huzur

Moulana Mohammadullah, popularly known as Hafezzi Huzur, is a Bangladeshi politician and founder of the Islamic Bangladesh Khilafat Andolan party. He was a candidate for president of Bangladesh in 1981 and 1986. In 1981 he finished third, with 1.79% of the vote, and in 1986 he finished second with 5.69%.

</doc>
<doc id="20010103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010103" title="Maguire of Fermanagh">
Maguire of Fermanagh

List of the Macguires of Fermanagh (or the "Mág Uidhir" kings of "Fir Manach").

</doc>
<doc id="20010108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010108" title="Third Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Third Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Third Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(III Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Chihuahua's Third District covers the eastern portion of Ciudad Juárez.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ciudad Juárez.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Almost exactly the same as the current configuration.
1979–1996 district.
As at present, the Third District covered a portion of the Ciudad Juárez urban area.

</doc>
<doc id="20010113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010113" title="London International College">
London International College

The International College in London was an early attempt at international education, operating from 1867 to 1889. It enrolled secondary-school students from a number of countries in a programme aimed at fostering internationalist sentiments in its pupils. Its official name was the London College of the International Education Society, and it was also known as the Spring Grove School, from its location in the Spring Grove area of Isleworth, London.
The International Education Society was organized in 1863, primarily by Liberal politician and industrialist Richard Cobden, who hoped international education could help eliminate war and promote free trade (an idea that had been discussed by a number of like-minded individuals at the 1855 Paris Exposition). Cobden died before the school opened, but William Ellis provided funding to complete the school's construction. The College's buildings were completed in 1866, and it officially opened in 1867, with classicist Leonhard Schmitz as the first headmaster. It engaged in a number of other educational experiments besides the focus on internationalism: it eliminated corporal punishment, and instituted an unusually science-focused curriculum, developed with noted scientists Thomas Henry Huxley and John Tyndall on its board of directors. In addition, Latin and Greek instruction was delayed to a later age than was then common, and instead instruction in modern languages was emphasized.
The college enrolled 10 day students and 58 boarders in its first year, rising to 100 students by the 1880s, many of whom came from other countries. It operated until 1889, when it was closed for unclear reasons, and the premises sold to Borough Road College. The ornately decorated main building survives and is noted in architectural guides. It was made a Grade II listed building in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20010129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010129" title="Alexander Patashinski">
Alexander Patashinski

Alexander Zakharovich Patashinski (, other spellings of his name are Patashinskii, Patashinsky, Potashinsky) is a Research Professor at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. He is known for his contributions in many parts of the theoretical physics, including phase transition and critical phenomena, high energy physics, general relativity, amorphous materials. The announcement for the 1982 Nobel Prize in Physics, which was awarded to Kenneth G. Wilson, acknowledges Patashinski, along with B. Widom, Michael Fisher, Valery Pokrovsky, and Leo Kadanoff, for important contributions to the theory of critical phenomena and renormalization group. In 1983, Patashinski and Pokrovsky received the Landau Prize of the Academy of Sciences of USSR for these contributions
Biography.
Patashinski studied low temperature physics at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. He then pursued graduate studies in high energy physics at the Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics and the Kapitza Institute in Moscow, and from 1961 at the Institute of Thermophysics in Novosibirsk Academgorodok. In 1962 and 1963, Patashinski, in collaboration with Valery Pokrovsky and Isaak Khalatnikov, studied quasi-classical scattering in three dimensions using Regge theory. He defended his PhD thesis (scientific advisor Lev Landau) in Quantum Field Theory in 1963. Between 1963 and 1965, together with Valery Pokrovsky, Patashinski developed scaling theory of phase transitions. In 1965-1972 he applied this theory to a wide range of phase transition problems, including electric conductivity, brownian motion, nucleations in near-critical systems. In 1968 Patashinski defended his DSc (Habilitation) dissertation on scaling theory of critical points. He subsequently worked on the theory of gravitational collapse, the theory of turbulence, high-energy hadron-nucleus collisions, nonequilibrium critical phenomena, liquids, glasses, polymers, and other subjects.
From 1968 to 1998 Patashinski was a Chief Scientific Fellow of the Budker Institute of Nuclear Physics in Novosibirsk, Russia. From 1974 to 1992 he was also a Professor of Physics and Mathematics at the Novosibirsk State University in Novosibirsk, Russia. In 1992, Patashinski moved to Northwestern University in Evanston, IL, USA. In 1992, together with Kalle Levon and Alla Margolina, Patashinski proposed the concept of double percolation for conductive polymers. He worked on NASA-funded projects in nonequilibrium critical phenomena. Current research interests are statistical mechanics and hydrodynamics of liquids, glasses, and polymeric systems, pattern recognition theory and its applications. For many years, Patashinski has had an intense collaboration with, and support of, the Dow Chemical Company.
Awards.
Patashinski became American Physical Society Fellow in 2003. His awards include: Order of Labor Glory (USSR, 1990), Scientific Achievement Diploma (USSR, 1986), Landau Prize (USSR Academy of Sciences, 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20010133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010133" title="Red Stars BC">
Red Stars BC

Red Stars Basketball Club is basketball club based in Sydney, Australia. Red Stars Basketball Club is a non-profit organization that was established on 7 July 2007.
Its pre-establishment was based on long term sports and social aims with professional work and basketball knowledge to improve in all aspects of basketball as it is a very dynamic sport that helps kids mentally and physically to develop in the right way, as this can also help them in other aspects of their lives. 
Since the club was established it has registered over 95 players, which compete in local Bankstown Basketball Competitions on Friday for juniors with six of our teams competing and Monday nights with one senior team competing. Some of our players are also competing in other Representative Basketball Associations.
Red Stars Basketball Club is represented by red and blue colours.

</doc>
<doc id="20010140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010140" title="2008–09 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team">
2008–09 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan in competitive college basketball during the 2008–09 NCAA Division I season. The 2008–09 season marked the team's ninety-second consecutive season as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) Big Ten Conference. The team finished the season with a 21–14 overall record and a 9–9 conference record. The 9–9 conference record tied for seventh place in the 2008–09 Big Ten conference standings. Michigan was seeded seventh in the single-elimination 2009 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament where it advanced one round. They were seeded tenth in the South Regional bracket of the single-elimination 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, where it also advanced one round before losing to the Blake Griffin-led Oklahoma Sooners. C.J. Lee and David Merritt served as team co-captains, and Manny Harris and DeShawn Sims shared team MVP honors.
The 2008–09 season marked a turnaround for the team for several reasons. The team rebounded from a 10–22 overall record and a 5–13 conference record during the previous 2007–08 season. The season was highlighted by the team's first two wins in eleven years against teams ranked among the top five in the AP Poll, and by the team's first trip to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament since the 1998 Tournament. Although the team had appeared in the 1998 NCAA tournament, the last appearance in the NCAA tournament that had been recognized in official NCAA records as not having been tainted by the University of Michigan basketball scandal was their 1995 Tournament appearance. The team was in its first year off scholarship probation, which following the scandal had restricted the number of available scholarships. However, the team continued to be prohibited from affiliating with implicated athletes (Chris Webber, Robert Traylor, Maurice Taylor, and Louis Bullock) until 2012, which meant, among other things, that the players could not help the University recruit. The team began the season unranked, but in December 2008 it earned its first place in the top 25 since February 2006. As the season progressed, the team adopted the slogan "Queme los barcos", which is Spanish for "burn the ships", as a reminder that there was no turning back.
For the forty-second consecutive season, the team played its home games in Ann Arbor, Michigan at the Crisler Arena, which has a capacity of 13,751. John Beilein was in his second season as head coach with the team during the 2008–2009 season. At the conclusion of the season, guard Manny Harris was named to the All-Big Ten first team, and forward DeShawn Sims was selected by the Big Ten media to the second team and chosen by the Big Ten coaches for the third team.
Preview.
Their 2008–09 pre-conference schedule included Atlantic Coast Conference members Maryland Terrapins and Duke Blue Devils, who went on to win the 2009 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament. The team also played against geographical rival and the preseason #2 ranked Connecticut Huskies.
Unlike conference rivals Michigan State, Purdue, and Wisconsin, Michigan was not ranked in the top 25 by either the Associated Press or the ESPN/USA Today preseason polls. In fact, the team did not even receive any votes, like rival Ohio State, in either poll. Pre season reports described the team as a contender for fifth place in the conference. Although the team was building from a 10–22 record, it won five of its last ten games the prior year. A poll of 22 members of the media published in the "Detroit Free Press" ranked Michigan eighth in the conference. The "Sports Illustrated" 2008 College Basketball Preview issue did not select the team as one of the five predicted Big Ten teams (the four mentioned above and the Minnesota Golden Gophers) to qualify for the NCAA tournament.
Roster.
On May 5, 2008, sophomore Epke Udoh, the Big Ten's top shotblocker, decided to transfer for his final two years of athletic eligibility. Beilein attempted to replace Udoh with Robin Benzing, a member of Germany's national youth team. However, Benzing failed to meet the NCAA's initial-eligibility guidelines and did not play. Beilein was able to partially solve the problem of complimenting Manny Harris by luring point guard Laval Lucas-Perry to transfer from Arizona. Perry became eligible to play at the conclusion of the fall semester. The team anticipated relying on freshman center Ben Cronin to make up for the loss of Udoh and Ron Coleman, who averaged over 21 minutes each of his four seasons. Including Cronin, the team had three incoming recruits.
Michigan granted two of its scholarships to fifth-year redshirt graduate students C.J. Lee and David Merritt in September. Lee and Merritt had both been 2007–08 Big Ten Academic All-Conference selections. The varsity roster included fourteen players, thirteen of whom saw live game action. In December, the Wolverines made the decision to redshirt Ben Cronin after only 10 minutes of play. He had hip surgery on January 14.
Incoming signees.
The incoming class had no four- or five-star recruits. However, it included three players that Rivals.com listed as three-star recruits. Only Ben Cronin was also listed as three-star by scout.com.
2009–10 team recruits.
Incoming recruit Darius Morris and two Division I recruit teammates led Windward High School to the California Division V state title. Darius Morris received MVP of Olympic League, CIF Division 5A Southern Section Player of Year, and CIF Division 5A State Player of Year. Also Darius was awarded a John Wooden High School Player of the Year Award, received by Jrue Holiday the year before and the likes of Jason Kapono and Tayshaun Prince in the past.
Matt Vogrich won the Illinois Gatorade Player of the Year award, following in the footsteps of Derrick Rose and Jon Scheyer. Unlike Scheyer and Rose, he did not win Illinois Mr. Basketball. Kelvin Grady announced his intent to transfer at the end of the season.
Rankings.
RV-Receiving votes
Playing style.
Over the course of the season, they developed a reputation for shooting a lot of three-point shots and for not turning over the basketball. The team ranked among the national leaders in three-point shots made per game. The ballhandling ability was a function of the Michigan lineup which often employed four guards and one center/forward, which meant that at any time the team had several adept ballhandlers on the court. By the end of the season, the starting lineup usually included four players or shorter and Sims who is . As a team that relied on the three-point shot, it was streaky and was susceptible to hot and cold stretches. The team relied on a deep bench and had 10 players who averaged 10 minutes per game. Even the eleventh player averaged 9.6 minutes. The offense used patient ball movement with backdoor cutters and slashers, which necessitated that defenses chase shooters and peel off picks. The offense resulted in a shot mix that employed three-pointers for about 48% of its shots.
On defense, the team was known for employing Beilein's trademark trapping 1–3–1 halfcourt zone defense, which required opponents to be skilled at perimeter passing. The zone defense was generally employed after made baskets and dead-ball situations. After offensive misses or turnovers, the Wolverines relied on man-to-man defense. Depending on the matchups the team also used a 2–3 zone defense because the team did not have the type of athletes necessary to play on the wings of his 1–3–1. It employed the 1–3–1 less later in the season, and about ten percent of opponent possessions altogether. In total, the team used some sort of zone defense about 40 percent of the time. The team was also among the top 35 (of over 300) in the nation in terms of three-point shot defense.
Accomplishments.
On December 13, 2008, the team tied Dartmouth’s current national record for most different players to make a three-point field goal in game set in 1993 when 9 players made three-point shots against Eastern Michigan. The team also set the current Big Ten Conference single-game three-point field goals attempted record of 42 on December 22, 2008 against Florida Gulf Coast and the conference games record of 40 on January 7, 2009 againsst Indiana. Over the course of the season the team set the current Big Ten Conference single-season three-point field goals attempted record if 912 as well as the single-season conference games record of 471. The team led the Big Ten Conference with 151 three-point field goals made in conference games.
The team set several current school records. Its single-season total of 305 three-point field goals made surpassed the 1998 school record total of 260. The team’s single game total of 16 three-point field goals made against on December 13, 2008 surpassed the school record 15 made on February 22, 1998. The team also established the school’s single-season free throw percentage record of 75.7% (412–544) surpassed the 75.4% set in 2002.
Season.
Preconference.
Although the Big Ten Network had a two and a half hour special that featured Midnight Madness events from several Big Ten campuses on October 17, 2008, the Michigan Wolverines were not a featured part of the show. Michigan began the season with Ben Cronin suffering from a torn acetabular labrum (hip joint) and considering redshirting. The team started its season as the host of a 2K Sports College Hoops Coaches Vs. Cancer Classic tournament regional in which they defeated the and at Crisler Arena. Manny Harris won the second Big Ten Player of the week award of his career for his performances during these games.
The first two victories qualified Michigan to appear in the tournament final four at the Madison Square Garden where the unranked Wolverines team upset the #4 ranked UCLA Bruins men's basketball team for its first win over a top-five team in eleven years on November 20, 2008. The 55–52 win also ended a twelve-game losing streak against ranked opponents. During the game, Michigan forced 17 UCLA turnovers with its 1–3–1 zone defense. Nonetheless, Michigan fell behind by as many as 10 points at one point in the game. In the first half, the Wolverines shot 31.3% from the field, and in the second half, they shot 61.9%, including 4 of 8 on three-point shots. Michigan trailed by two with 4 minutes and 16 seconds left before Stu Douglass made a three point basket and Sims scored a few possessions later after a steal. In the final seconds UCLA's Nikola Dragovic hit a 3-point shot with five seconds left to reduce Michigan's four-point lead to one. Then UCLA sent Harris to the line where he made two free throws. In the final seconds Michigan defended an attack by Darren Collison who had his final shot blocked by Harris. At that point in the season, Michigan used DeShawn Sims as a sixth man. He played 28 minutes off the bench and led the team in scoring with 18 while being tied for the lead with 5 rebounds. Despite losing to #10 ranked (#5 in the Coaches' Poll) Duke the following night, the Wolverines began receiving votes in the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings for the week of November 24.
The team earned a pair of non-conference victories against and Savannah State. In the Savannah St. game, Sims made a jump shot from the corner as time expired to win the game in overtime. Michigan had trailed by 20 at halftime, but scored the first 15 points of the second half. Next, the team was matched up against the Maryland in the ACC–Big Ten Challenge, where they lost on December 3. The Maryland game marked Sims' entry into the starting lineup.
On December 6, 2008 Michigan posted its second consecutive win over a top 5 opponent in a rematch against Duke with an 81–73 victory. The game included 11 lead changes and 16 ties. The close contest allowed the fans to play a part as they forced Duke to use a time out to quiet the noisy crowd late in the second half. The game, which had an attendance of 13,751, marked Michigan's 168th consecutive sellout and eighth consecutive as host to Duke. Sims, in his new starting role, led the way with 28 points (a career-high) and 12 rebounds. Novak contributed 14 off the bench including 4 for 7 on three-point shots. Gerald Henderson fouled out in only 19 minutes of play. Michigan trailed 53–50 with 8 minutes and 38 seconds remaining before Novak hit three-point shots on consecutive possessions to give Michigan the lead for good. Michigan built a 68–59 lead with 3 minutes and 7 seconds left. Then, Duke made four straight three-point shots while Michigan made 13 of its last 14 free throws to defend its lead. The fourth three-pointer cut the lead to 75–71 with 51.3 seconds remaining. The game was the first time Michigan had defeated multiple top five teams in the same season since 1986–87 when it upended fifth-ranked Syracuse, 91–88 (January 18, 1987), second-ranked , 100–92 (January 31, 1987), and third-ranked Purdue, 104–68 (March 7, 1987). At that point in the season, Michigan's two wins against top five teams were as many as the rest of the nation combined.
Then, after beating Eastern Michigan the following week, they welcomed Laval Lucas-Perry to the lineup as he contributed 14 points in 16 minutes of play in a victory over the Oakland Golden Grizzlies. Two days later on December 22, Michigan entered the Associated Press top 25 poll for the first time since February 6, 2006. Later that night in a victory over , DeShawn Sims became the first Wolverine to score 20 points and add 20 rebounds since Phil Hubbard had 22 points and 26 rebounds in a victory over University of Detroit in the 1977 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. This performance earned him his second career Big Ten Player of the Week award. On December 29, the team entered the top 25 of the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll.
Big Ten Season.
After a win over , which gave the Wolverines ten wins to match its previous season's total, the team lost its Big Ten Conference opener against the Wisconsin Badgers on New Years Eve. The win made Michigan the first ranked team that Wisconsin defeated during the season after three previous losses. During the game Zack Novak scored his season high 20 points, but Harris was held to 9 points and Wisconsin shot 58.7% from the field. On January 4, the team earned its first conference victory against the Illinois Fighting Illini when five player chipped in with double digit scoring efforts and the defense induced a low shooting percentage in the second half. The loss during the week caused Michigan to fall from the top 25 of both polls. Michigan rallied from a 20-point deficit against the Indiana Hoosiers to force overtime in which it prevailed on January 7. It was the team's first victory in since 1995. On January 11, defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes marking eight wins in nine games starting with the Duke upset. Michigan opened a 32–16 lead and was never challenged afterwards. Following the Indiana and Iowa victories, Michigan moved back into the top 25 in both polls (AP #25, ESPN/USAT #24).
Beilein stayed at 499 career wins at four-year academic institutions, as Michigan suffered its first consecutive losses of the season when its second conference loss, which came against Illinois on January 14, was followed by a loss to the Ohio State Buckeyes on January 17. The Illinois contest was a rematch from ten days earlier. After a 31–30 Michigan halftime lead resulting from 11 lead changes, Illinois shut down Michigan early in the second half to build a 57–45 lead with 5 minutes remaining. In the game, Michigan did not attempt a free throw until the last 1 minute and 45 seconds of the second half. Against Ohio State, Michigan struggled against a 1–2–2 zone early in the game and fell behind by 11 before closing to a 29–25 halftime deficit. Michigan took a 44–40 lead with eight minutes remaining, and the score was tied at 47 before Ohio State ran off 10 points in a row. The game was a twentieth year celebration of the last Wolverine national championship with all but two members of the 1989 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship team in attendance as the team wore throwback uniforms. The consecutive losses caused the team to lose almost all of their support in the national rankings. On January 20, in a contest against Penn State that pitted the conferences two leading scorers (Harris and Talor Battle), Michigan shot 9 for 30 from the field in the first half including 2 for 16 on three-point shot attempts. They fell behind by as many as 23 points in the second half. The loss extended the losing streak to three games. Although Michigan rebounded with Beilein's 500th win in a January 24 victory over Northwestern in which they scored on their first five possessions and never looked back, they lost all support among the voters in the polls.
Michigan ended January with a pair of losses to Ohio State and Purdue. The Ohio State game was notable for Novak's flagrant foul and ejection for elbowing P.J. Hill in the face. Harris accumulated a triple double of sorts with 22 points, 12 rebounds and 10 turnovers. Against Purdue, Harris was held to single digit scoring for the third time in four games. During the game he was ejected for elbowing Purdue captain Chris Kramer in the nose, which spurred Purdue to a 40–20 run. Novak was ineligible due to an ejection in the prior game and Harris was ejected toward the beginning of the second half. On February 5, Harris was selected as a John R. Wooden Award 2008–09 Midseason Top 30 Candidate. After starting February play by snapping the two-game losing streak against Penn State on February 5, Michigan lost consecutive games to top ten opponents: Connecticut Huskies (#1) and Michigan State Spartans (#9). Harris posted a 28 points as Michigan rallied from a two point halftime deficit to win by 20 against Penn State. Although Michigan confused Connecticut with a 2–3 zone defense instead of its normal 1–3–1 zone, which forced 10 first-half turnovers, Connecticut was victorious. The 11th double double of the season by Hasheem Thabeet helped Connecticut overcome only its second halftime deficit. Michigan stayed in the game in part due to six three-pointers by Stu Douglass. The loss against Michigan State marked 7 losses in 9 games for Michigan and gave Michigan State a 7–0 road record. On February 15, Michigan raised its record to 3–0 in overtime games in a victory over the Northwestern Wildcats on the road. Michigan took a 56–51 lead with 1 minute and 44 seconds left, but let it slip away. Michigan never trailed in the overtime. Then four days later, they posted their first consecutive win since a three game streak from January 4 — 11 with a victory over the Minnesota Golden Gophers. In the game, Novak posted a career-best 6 three-pointers.
Michigan suffered an 80–70 overtime loss at the hands of ten-place Big Ten foe, Iowa, on February 22. Michigan had led 56–52 with 1 minute and 13 seconds remaining in regulation before allowing four straight free throws by Matt Gatens. The game was notable because Harris did not play during the overtime. At the time of the benching, Harris was in a battle with fellow sophomores Talor Battle and Evan Turner for the Big Ten Scoring leadership. Beilein commented on the benching: "That's what we had to do to make our team better now and in the future.". In the subsequent game against #16-ranked Purdue, Michigan won 87–78, raising its record to 3–4 against ranked opponents on the season. Harris was one of Michigan's leaders with 27 points and 8 rebounds, while Sims had a career-high 29 points. On March 1, Michigan lost to Wisconsin 60–55. After taking a 34–32 halftime lead, Michigan opened the second half shooting 1 for 12. Michigan closed the contest to a 52–50 game with 3 minutes and 55 seconds remaining. They stayed close as Wisconsin missed four of eight late free throws. Prior to the final game of the season, the Wolverines adopted the slogan "Queme los barcos," which means "burn the ships" and which had been used by 16th-century Spanish conquistador Hernando Cortez as a command to his troops to remind them that there was no turning back in their battle with the Aztec. The team traded in their traditional warmup jersey's for shirts with their adopted slogan. On March 7, they recovered from a 51–39 deficit to win their conference finale against Minnesota. Laval Lucas-Perry scored a career-high 19 points, including three straight three-pointers after Minnesota opened up the 12-point lead. Of the three teams that were ranked at the end of February and that Michigan had played twice (Duke, Illinois and Purdue), Michigan split the two games against each opponent, winning against each at home.
Postseason.
Michigan concluded its regular season with a 19–12 (9–9 Big Ten) record. This earned the team a tie for seventh place in the conference standings with Minnesota. Since Michigan swept the season series with a February 19 74–62 win at home and a March 7 67–64 win at Minnesota, Michigan was seeded seventh in the 2009 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament held at the Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, Indiana while Minnesota was seeded eighth. During Championship Week, the Wolverines defeated the number ten seeded Iowa Hawkeyes on March 12 by a 73–45 margin. Sims helped Michigan open a 22–9 lead by scoring 16 of his 27 points in the first 10 minutes. Then the team lost to the number two seeded Illinois Fighting Illini on March 13. Sims scored 15 and Harris was held to 9.
Michigan continued to wear warmup shirts with the team slogan at the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. In the tournament, where Michigan earned the number 10 seed, the team defeated the Clemson Tigers 62–59 on March 19 in Kansas City. At one point, Michigan held a 16-point lead. After Harris gave Michigan a 58–43 lead with 5:51 remaining, Clemson had a 14–0 run to cut the deficit to 58–57 with 49 seconds left. Harris completed a three point play on a driving layup with 37.4 second left. During the game, Clemson's top shooter Terrence Oglesby was ejected for a flagrant foul. The Wolverines lost in the second round game played on March 21, 2009 to the 2-seeded Oklahoma in a 73–63. During the game four of Michigan's five starters who were trying to defend against Blake Griffin spent much of the game in foul trouble with Harris and Lee fouling out and Novak and Sims finishing with four fouls. Although Michigan tried a variety of defenders and various approaches such as doubling him, sagging in the lane, bumping him, Griffin still posted 33 points and 17 rebounds.
Awards and honors.
No Wolverines were drafted into the 2009 NBA Draft after the season. Before, during and after the season, individual players earned the following awards and honors:
Statistical leadership.
Harris led the Big Ten in free throw percentage according to some sources who recognize a 2.5 free throws made per game minimum, but was considered second according to the conference website that uses a 2 FTM/game minimum. The NCAA recognizes a 2.5 attempts per game minimum. Thus, according to the Big Ten Gatens is the Conference Free Throw Champion and according the NCAA Harris is the champion. Harris and Sims were both ranked among the leaders in the Conference in several statistics and divided the team leadership in most statistics. Harris led the Wolverines in points, minutes, assists, free throws made, free throw percentage and steals, while Sims led the team in field goal percentage, rebounds and blocked shots. Although Harris led the team in scoring for the season, Sims led the team in scoring in all its victories against ranked teams during the regular season and during the last five games before the NCAA tournament, while the team was on the bubble. However, Harris and Turner became the 4th and 5th players in conference history to finish in the top ten in the conference in average points, rebounds, and assists for a season since assists became a statistic in 1983–84, following Steve Smith, Jim Jackson, and Brian Evans. After, Harris was named team MVP, he requested that Sims be recognized as co-MVP. Sims was recognized as co-MVP.
The team posted the following statistics:
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| 2008–09 NCAA Division I Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2008–09 Big Ten Conference Season
!colspan=9| 2009 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament
Bold text indicates game high; (nth time player led stat)

</doc>
<doc id="20010143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010143" title="Raw &amp; Uncut">
Raw &amp; Uncut

Raw & Uncut is the second album by rapper, Turk. It was released on October 21, 2003 though Koch Records and was mainly produced by Kenoe. The album was less successful then his previous one, peaking at #193 on the Billboard 200, #22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #15 on the Top Independent Albums. This was his first album for Koch after parting ways with Cash Money Records. As of 2008, the album has sold close to 100,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20010164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010164" title="List of U.S. states by African-American population">
List of U.S. states by African-American population

The following is a of U.S. states by the African American proportion of the population.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20010166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010166" title="Fourth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Fourth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Fourth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(IV Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Chihuahua's Fourth District covers the southern portion of Ciudad Juárez.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ciudad Juárez.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Almost exactly the same as the current configuration.
1979–1996 district.
As at present, between 1979 and 1996 the Fourth District covered a portion of the Ciudad Juárez urban area.

</doc>
<doc id="20010170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010170" title="Poliyoorkurchy">
Poliyoorkurchy

Poliyoorkurchy is a small village in India located kilometers before Thuckalay if traveling from Nagercoil towards Martandam (the last stop in Kanyakumari District on the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border).
This village is about of area and has a population of about 2000.
The main crops are rice, plantain, and coconut palm.
It has a fort called the Udayagiri named after the King Udayanan of the Padmanabhapuram. This fort was the camping and training ground for the king’s army. Some remains of the furnace used for making ammunition can still be seen. Today the fort is a natural park with a tree house, herbal garden, deer and bird enclosures, and an aquarium.
There are two streets of Brahmin Dwellings in this village. They are called Single Street, consist of single row houses, and Double Street consist of Double row of houses. There is a Ganesh Temple with Sivaalayam built within one compound in the Single Street. The Koil is called Pillayaar Koil. The speciality of this Pillayaar Koil is that people connected or even outsiders come and pray for their wishes. Most of the wishes are fulfilled and in return people offer 1008 " Kozhakattai" (Mothakam) made of poor am covered by rice flower. Almost 200 days in a year some one or other invariable of caste, or Religion offer the thanks giving to this Ganesh. Once this Gramam was having enough properties to look after the temple, but now it depends on devotees contribution. The Siva temple in the same compound is maintained by Govt. of Tamil Nadu. 
In double street there is a Ramar Koil, where regular Bhajans were held. All Hindu celebrations are performed in the village cost. But now since village properties was eradicated the celebration are held in Avery small way. 
This village is adjacent to Udayagiri Fort. This village perform village "Padukkai" to Melankode Amman Koil every year, as the villager's feel that Melankode is their Kaval Theivam. 
This village is one of the shortcut for going to kumarakoil, Lord Murugan Koil. An engineering college is also situated near this village

</doc>
<doc id="20010232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010232" title="Jiménez Municipality">
Jiménez Municipality

Jiménez Municipality may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010238" title="1988 Miami Dolphins season">
1988 Miami Dolphins season

The 1988 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 23rd as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 8–7, winning only six games and failing to reach the playoffs for the third straight season.
The Dolphins offensive line set the record for fewest sacks in a single season with 7 during 1988, protecting quarterback Dan Marino. Marino was only sacked on 0.98% of his dropbacks in '88, also a single-season NFL record. 

</doc>
<doc id="20010271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010271" title="Fifth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Fifth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Fifth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(V Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Chihuahua's Fifth District covers the municipalities of Aldama, Allende, Aquiles Serdán, Camargo, Coronado, Coyame del Sotol, Delicias, Jiménez, Julimes, La Cruz, López, Manuel Benavides, Meoqui, Ojinaga, Rosales, San Francisco de Conchos and Saucillo.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Delicias.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Fifth District was located in the same region of the state, with a slightly different configuration. It covered the municipalities of Aldama, Aquiles Serdán, Camargo, Coyame del Sotol, Delicias, Julimes, La Cruz, Manuel Benavides, Meoqui, Ojinaga, Rosales, San Francisco de Conchos and Saucillo.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the Fifth District was located in the west of the state, covering a large area of the Sierra Madre Occidental. It was centred on the city of Vicente Guerrero, Chihuahua.

</doc>
<doc id="20010294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010294" title="Vladimir Castellón">
Vladimir Castellón

Vladimir Castellón Colque (born August 12, 1989 in Cochabamba) is a Bolivian football striker currently playing for Club Aurora in Bolivia.
Castellón was singled out as a star in 2008 when he helped Aurora win their first ever title in the club's history by scoring 12 times in the championship. He is a physical striker despite his nonthreatening appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20010298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010298" title="The Lawn (disambiguation)">
The Lawn (disambiguation)

The Lawn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010314" title="Chermas">
Chermas

Chermas is a major apparel retail store located in Hyderabad, India.
It was started with their brand of shirts and jeans called "Chermas", which became hugely popular because of the affordable prices.
Chermas has its apparel manufacturing unit located in Apparel Export Park at Gundlapochampally, near Hyderabad.
History.
This clothing retail outlet was started by Capt. Kayarmin Pestonji in 1980 and is synonymous with fashionable ready-made garments. 
The first store was opened in Abids. chermas made a common low income group family to wear ready made garments in 1980 or even today. One of their add which became popular was "you name it! we have it"
Store.
In Hyderabad, they have branches at Secunderabad, Abids, Ameerpet, Kukatpally and Malakpet.

</doc>
<doc id="20010339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010339" title="John Phillip Harison Acocks">
John Phillip Harison Acocks

John Phillip Harison Acocks (7 April 1911 Cape Town - 20 May 1979 Middelburg, Eastern Cape), was a South African botanist noted for his publication ""Veld Types of South Africa"" and his extensive botanical collection of some 28 000 specimens from South Africa and Namibia. In 1938 he was seconded to go on a joint collecting trip of four months with Swedish botanist Adolf Hjalmar Frederick Hafström (1871-1948) between Cape Town and Victoria Falls.
He was born in Cape Town to John Martin Acocks and Sarah Phoebe Petty. Matriculated from the South African College Schools (SACS) and attended the University of Cape Town between 1929-35 obtaining a B.A. and M.Sc.. He studied under Robert Stephen Adamson (1885-1965) and Margaret Levyns (1890-1975). 
His first appointment was in January 1936 as pasture ecologist at the Pasture Research Section, part of the Division of Plant Industry. He set out to do botanical surveys of new pasture research stations. In 1945 he was transferred to Estcourt to the Botanical Survey Section of the Division of Botany and Plant Pathology which later became the Botanical Research Institute. From 1948 he was permanently posted at the Grootfontein College of Agriculture in Middelburg.
Acocks contributed greatly to South African botany in three distinct areas. Firstly, his treatment of the vegetation regions (Veld Types) of South Africa, in which he classifies vegetation into 75 classes, continues to be a valuable reference work for researchers and is an outstanding achievement for a single individual. Secondly, his analysis of the impact of humans on vegetation has largely been revised by current research insights, specifically with regard to the effect of fire on grasslands, savannas and forests. There is, though, ample evidence showing considerable changes in Karoo fauna and flora over the last three centuries. Finally, his pioneering views on veld rehabilitation and management remain important guidelines for the farming communities of South Africa. 
He was President of Section C of the "SA Assoc. for the Advancement of Science" in 1963, and awarded the Senior Capt. Scott Medal by the "SA Biol. Soc." in 1977.
Acocks is commemorated by many specific names including "Cliffortia acocksii" H.Weim., "Erica acocksii" Compton, "Restio acocksii" Pillans and "Diospyros acocksii" De Wint. His specimens are housed at BM, BOL, Cedara College of Agriculture, Dohne Agricultural Development Institute, GRA, Grootfontein Agricultural College, K, KMG, M, MO, NH, NU, P, PRE, PREM, S, STE(NBG), Towoomba Agricultural Development Centre.
Acocks worked on a revised version of the "Veld Types", which he completed shortly before his death, and which is lodged in the archives of the National Botanical Institute (NBG). His second book, "Key Grasses of South Africa", was published in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20010340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010340" title="Battle of Kupa">
Battle of Kupa

The Battle of Kupa occurred at Kupa River in 819. It involved the Guduscans of Lika, led by Prince Borna of Littoral Croatia against Prince Ljudevit Posavski of Pannonian Croatia, who was Borna's nephew.
Battle.
During the battle, the Guduscans abandoned Borna and joined Ljudevit. While Borna forces suffered massive losses, he managed to escape with his bodyguards. However, Dragomuž, Liudevit's father-in-law, who sided with Borna, was killed. According to Borna's reports, Liudevit suffered heavy casualties that included 3,000 soldiers and over 300 horses.
Aftermath.
Liudevit used the momentum to invade Littoral Croatia in December 819.

</doc>
<doc id="20010342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010342" title="Awal Ashaari">
Awal Ashaari

Ahmad Awaluddin Ashaari (born August 6, 1981), better known by his stage name Awal Ashaari, is a Malaysian actor, model and TV host. 
He was born in Kampung Baru, Malaysia.
Early life.
Awal Ashaari, who hails from Kampung Baru, studied in Methodist Boys' Secondary School, Kuala Lumpur pursued Curtin University at Lim Kok Wing with a BA in Film & Television. Awal holds a Diploma from Universiti Teknologi MARA in Mass Communications. He then went on to work at Leo Burnett advertising, where its executive creative director Yasmin Ahmad is also a film maker, as an account executive but felt there is not where he belongs. Born on 6 August 1981, he then went on to become a newsreader for 8TV's Twenty Hundred News for eight months in 2003. It was also that time when the first season of Malaysian Idol Competition and Awal managed to reach the final 30 cut-off. Later in 2004, FCUK had a model search competition and he was selected.
Besides modelling and fashion spreads, Awal hosts Beat TV on Astro Ria. He has also been involved in numerous dramas such as Impak Maksima, Noktah Erna and Cinta Medik. 
Previously he was the host of "One in a Million", a Malaysian reality-competition show. He is also the host for a reality TV show in Astro Ria, "Mari Menari" Season 1 with Lisa Surihani.
Personal life.
Awal married actress Scha Alyahya on May 4th, 2012. They are expecting their first child together in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20010343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010343" title="Peng Si">
Peng Si

Peng Si (born 1980, Hengyang, Hunan Province) is a contemporary Chinese painter based in Beijing. While still a student at the prestigious Central Academy of Fine Arts, Peng exhibited his paintings alongside those of long-established artists in the "Third National Oil Painting Exhibition". He graduated from the Central Academy in 2004. As a member of the "post-80s" generation of artists in China, Peng has been involved in several prominent group shows in the last few years; he has also been the subject of many solo exhibitions, and his work is featured in the collections of major galleries at Beijing's 798 Art Zone. Critics have praised his "implementation (of techniques) and reflection on Chinese an Western art", especially his calligraphic skill and his "thorough examination of trends in artistic thought" from the May Fourth Movement through the post-1949 period in China.
Peng Si's paintings of figures and landscapes are known for their melancholic, dreamlike, and uncannily modern blend of classical Chinese and traditional Western idioms. His brushwork is highly refined and precise, and his coloration is notable for its extreme technical difficulty.
Beijing's Yuan Center included his work in "After Culture", a 2008 exhibition that also featured paintings of older, more famous Chinese artists like Ma Kelu, Shang Yang, Ding Fang, and Ma Lu.

</doc>
<doc id="20010360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010360" title="Mohamed Rabbae">
Mohamed Rabbae

Mohamed Rabbae (Berrechid (Morocco), March 8, 1941) is a Dutch politician and activist of Moroccan descent.
Life.
Rabbae fled in 1966 as a student from Morocco to the Netherlands, when activists against the regime of King Hassan II were taken prisoner. In the Netherlands he finished his studies, carried out various activities and was involved in various actions for foreigners' rights, including the so-called 182 Moroccans church after asylum-seekers were threatened to be expelled by the then State Secretary of Justice in the First Van Agt cabinet. In 1983 he was director of the Dutch Center Foreigners (NCB).
At the 1994 Dutch general election, he became an MP for the political party GreenLeft. For the elections of that year he was one of the two top candidates, along with Ina Brouwer. During the campaign, in an interview with NRC Handelsblad, Rabbae expressed understanding for people who wanted the book The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie banned. He said that "an attempt to have such a book banned with democratic means is better than following Khomeini and other forces of darkness". His party lost 1 of its 6 seats in those elections but gained 6 at the next ones, while Rabbae was still a candidate.
In 2002, Rabbae left parliament, and for some time he was an alderman in Leiden. On his first working day after a period of several months of absenteeism due to heart surgery, he resigned as an alderman. This was because of errors that had been made in his absence, but for which he took responsibility.
Rabbae is on the executive of several organizations, especially in the field of policies on ethnic minorities. In March 2008, he was co-organizer of a large public meeting on Dam Square in Amsterdam in the framework of the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.
On April 7, 2008 Rabbae stated in an interview that there should be an Islamic political party, "a kind of Islamic Christian Democratic Appeal." He said he would be available as an adviser for such a party.
Publication.
1993 - In addition to the Amicales now (UMMON); The mantle organizations of the Moroccan authorities in the Netherlands

</doc>
<doc id="20010364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010364" title="Perry Friedman">
Perry Friedman

Perry Friedman (born May 15, 1968) is an American professional poker player who won the 2002 World Series of Poker $1,500 Limit Omaha Hi-Low Split-8 or Better event and is a founding member of the Tiltboys.
World Series of Poker.
Friedman has cashed 23 times at the World Series of Poker (WSOP), winning the 2002 WSOP $1,500 Limit Omaha Hi-Low Split-8 or Better event, earning $176,860, he also has made five other final tables, 3rd in the $2,500 Seven-card stud event at the 2000 WSOP won by Chris Ferguson, 4th at the 2002 WSOP in the $2,000 S.H.O.E. event won by Phil Ivey, 3rd in the $2,000 No Limit Hold'em event at the 2005 WSOP won by Erik Seidel, 7th in the 2007 WSOP $3,000 No Limit Hold'em event won by Shankar Pillai, and 4th in the 2012 WSOP $5,000 Seven-card stud event won by John Monnette.
Other poker events.
At the World Poker Tour 2004 Legends of Poker, Friedman just missed making the six player final table finishing in 9th for $49,575.
, his total live tournament winnings exceed $834,000. His 23 cashes as the WSOP account for $754,133 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="20010406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010406" title="5,7-Dihydroxytryptamine">
5,7-Dihydroxytryptamine

5,7-Dihydroxytryptamine (5,7-DHT) is a purported neurotoxin used in scientific research to decrease concentrations of serotonin in the brain. The mechanism behind this effect isn't well-understood, but many believe (without clear substantiation) that it selectively kills serotonergic neurons, in a similar way that 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) is used to kill dopaminergic cells. What is known is that this compound is in fact "not" selective in depleting serotonin content, but also depletes norepinephrine. To selectively deplete serotonin stores, it is commonly administered in conjunction with desmethylimiprimine (desipramine), which inhibits the norepinephrine transporter.

</doc>
<doc id="20010415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010415" title="Sino-Pack">
Sino-Pack

Sino-Pack is an exhibition of packaging products held in China annually.
History.
The exhibition was initially held in 1994. It has always been one of the most influential packaging exhibitions in China. In 2008, more than 200 internationally reputable exhibitors from 14 countries and regions participated in the show, which occupied an exhibition area of 11,000 square meters and lead to business prospects for more than 13,000 professional visitors from 54 countries and regions.
Sino-Pack & China Drinktec 2009.
The 16th China International Exhibition on Packaging Machinery & Materials (Sino-Pack 2009) along with the 13th China International Exhibition on Beverage, Brewery and Wine Technology (China Drinktec 2009) was held on 3 – 6 March 2009 in Guangzhou, People's Republic of China. It occupied 20,000 sq.m. Exhibition area, and had 500 exhibitors.
The exhibitions were organized by China Foreign Trade Centre (Group), Adsale Exhibition Services Ltd, and the relevant eindustry associations. 

</doc>
<doc id="20010420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010420" title="2009 PBA Fiesta Conference">
2009 PBA Fiesta Conference

The 2009 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Fiesta Conference or known as the 2009 Motolite PBA Fiesta Conference for sponsorship reasons, is the last conference of the 2008-09 PBA season. It started on February 28 and finished on July 17. The tournament was shortened to accommodate the training of the national basketball team for the FIBA Asia Championship 2009 qualifying tournament for the 2010 FIBA World Championship. The last conference will have games on Thursdays and Saturdays. The tournament is an import-laden format, which allows an import or a non-Filipino player for each team and with a new height limit of 6-foot-6.
Two teams had new names for starting this conference: the former Red Bull Barako is now known as the Barako Bull Energy Boosters, and the former Air21 Express were called as the Burger King Titans. However, with the failure of several business deals that would have changed the franchise's upper management, the Titans renamed into the Burger King Whoppers by their seventh game into the conference, retaining their old managemend headed by the Lina family.
Format.
The following format will be observed for the duration of the conference:
Group A:
Group B:
Classification round.
The May 17 game between the Barangay Ginebra Kings and the Alaska Aces held at the Albay Astrodome in Legaspi was canceled when the playing court was judged as too slippery, with Ginebra leading 9–2, and 8:04 remaining in the first quarter. The game was stopped twice and the stoppages lasted two hours before the game was canceled. The game was restarted at the Araneta Coliseum on May 22.
Team standings.
NA* = teams tied for 8th and 9th would have to play an extra game regardless of the results of their classification round games.
Wildcard phase.
Note: Rain or Shine and Burger King possessed the twice to beat advantage but it was not used as their opponents failed to win to extend the series into a deciding game.
Statistical leaders.
"Player Stats as of May 20th, 2009, 10:00 p.m. PST."
Imports.
The following is the list of imports, which had played for their respective teams at least once, with the returning imports in "italics". Highlighted are the imports who stayed with their respective teams for the whole conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20010425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010425" title="Woodland Community College">
Woodland Community College

Woodland Community College is a 2-year California Community College in Woodland, California. It is a part of the Yuba Community College District. Woodland is accredited by Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
History.
In the fall of 1975 Woodland offered courses in an outreach program. In 1981 the California Postsecondary Education Commission labeled Woodland as an official education center. In 1990, Woodland Center (now Woodland Community College) relocated to its current parcel of land. In 1999 Yuba Community College District notified its intent for Woodland Center to become a self-sufficient community college, the same year that a Child Development center was opened on campus. The next year the district received the approval from the State Chancellor's office to begin Woodland Center's process of being a comprehensive college.
In 2006, Woodland Community College began the accreditation process through the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, completing the process in June 2008 with the notification of initial accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="20010433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010433" title="Nater Guru">
Nater Guru

Nater Guru () is a Bengali movie released in 2003. Directed by Haranath Chakraborty, it featured Jeet, Koel Mallick, Ranjit Mallick. The film was Koel Mallick's cinematic debut. It was successful at the box office.
Plot.
A romantic comedy based on Samaresh Basu's populer novel, Nater Guru revolues around four main leads, Robi, Shashi Bhushan, Sulochona and Manisha. Shashi and Suluchona are an estranged couple who are mutually separated from each other but not divorced legally. The separation is out of misunderstandings, egoism and preconceived notions from both sides. After 15 years, Sulochona is a business tycoon whlte Shashibushan is a worthless race course bookie. There only daughter Manisha is a dancer, and resides with her mother. Sulochana suffers a heart attack and Manisha unable to get help turns to her father. The father-daughter combo decide that the ailing Sulochona can't be given any stress or anxiety. Hence they carry a stealth operation. They decide to hire Shashi's friend and ally Rabi (Jeet) Maitra and present him as Durgadas. Rabi is required by Manisha to give proxy whenever necessary. He becomes regular. But the two often quarrel and fight over irrelevant issues. Rabi gets insulted by the behaviour of Manisha. Rabi touches Sulochona's feet as Durgadasand brings forth his singing prowess. The music actually heals Sulochona and she is able to walk again. Sulochona loves Rabi. Meanwhile, Sulachona accidentally unravels Rabi's onginality. Suluchona admires Rabi's honesty and self-esteem. Rabi's honesty and simplicity makes Manisha fall in love with him. Durgadas creates trouble. But with Shashi's cooperation the lovers reunite. Shashi and Sulochona rediscover their long lost love and the couple get reunited.

</doc>
<doc id="20010456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010456" title="Matilda (chicken)">
Matilda (chicken)

Matilda (1990 – February 11, 2006) was a fourteen-ounce hen, and the first chicken to receive the title of World's Oldest Living Chicken from Guinness World Records. She is thought to have been descended from the Red Pyle color variation of the Old English Game breed. She was a pet of Keith and Donna Barton of Bessemer, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham, Alabama.
Matilda's name was taken from "Waltzing Matilda", an old Australian folk song, and given to her as a result of her penchant for stepping side to side (as if she were waltzing) against the wire panels on the sides of her cage. 
Unlike most hens, Matilda never produced eggs. Her veterinarians believed Matilda's lack of egg production contributed significantly to her extraordinarily long lifespan of sixteen years.
Another contributing factor to Matilda's longevity was her having lived the majority of her life indoors, inside a large wire cage, where she enjoyed a stable, protected environment year-round.
Magic career.
On October 19, 1990, Keith and Donna went to the Alabama State Fairgrounds in Fairfield, Alabama, and paid $10.00 to purchase Matilda from Steve Shaffield of Warrior, Alabama.
Under the stage names of Mort The Mystifying and Donna, Keith and Donna were pursuing their goal of becoming professional magicians, and Matilda was part of their plan. On June 5, 1991, she made her debut performance in Keith's and Donna's magic show.
To make Matilda magically appear, Keith would produce an egg from two cardboard tubes, which were shown empty and then nested one inside the other. After cracking the egg, dropping its contents into an empty pan, and adding a few drops of hot sauce, Keith would place the lid on the pan and immediately lift the lid to reveal Matilda in all her glory. Her magic career would span well over a decade.
Celebrity status.
World's Oldest Living Chicken.
Guinness World Records (London, England)
Considering that the average lifespan of a chicken is generally no more than seven to eight years, Keith and Donna contacted Guinness World Records on July 30, 2001, to make them aware that Matilda was eleven years old and still in excellent health. 
Guinness World Records responded that Matilda's age had to be substantiated. Keith and Donna began completing forms and gathering documentation, which were forwarded directly to Guinness World Records.
On April 27, 2004, Guinness World Records proclaimed fourteen-year-old Matilda to be World's Oldest Living Chicken. Keith and Donna were presented with a congratulatory letter and official certificate from Guinness World Records.
Matilda's title of World's Oldest Living Chicken is recorded in the data banks at Guinness World Records, but has not been included in their books or on their Web site.
"The Tonight Show".
NBC Universal Studios (Burbank, California)
As a direct result of Matilda’s receiving the title of World's Oldest Living Chicken; she, Keith, and Donna were guests of Jay Leno on "The Tonight Show" in an episode that taped and aired on September 9, 2004. Also appearing on the show were Terry Bradshaw, Jim Brown and Howie Long. Musical guests were Kirk Franklin and Yolanda Adams.
A veteran of the stage, Matilda was perfectly at ease in front of the studio audience. Much to their delight, she strutted on top of Jay's desk, nibbled breadcrumbs, played with her favorite toy, and did a well-received impersonation of the NBC peacock. 
Ambassador of good will.
After returning home from "The Tonight Show", Matilda began putting her celebrity status to use by becoming an ambassador of good will and appearing as an honored guest at numerous charitable events in Birmingham, Alabama, including:
Olivia Bearden Award.
Greater Birmingham Humane Society (Birmingham, Alabama)
On September 22, 2005, the Greater Birmingham Humane Society held their annual awards luncheon at The Club in Birmingham, Alabama. The Olivia Bearden Award, which recognizes the specific service of an animal to another living creature (man or animal), was presented to Matilda. Magically appearing to accept her award, Matilda perched proudly on top of the plaque as it was held by Keith.
Declining health and demise.
Due to age-related health problems, Matilda retired from show business on October 17, 2005, and died, at the age of sixteen, on February 11, 2006. From the time she received the title of World's Oldest Living Chicken, Matilda lived one year, nine months, and fifteen days.
Final resting place.
Locating a final resting place for Matilda has proven a challenge. Keith and Donna would prefer Matilda be interred in a place of honor in Alabama, but none has yet been located. Hartsdale Pet Cemetery in Hartsdale, New York is being considered. Until a decision is reached, Matilda is being kept in frozen storage.
Posthumous honors.
Broken Perch Ceremony.
Southeastern Association of Magicians<br>
Ring 35 of the International Brotherhood of Magicians (Birmingham, Alabama)
To honor Matilda's contributions to the world of magic, a Broken Perch Ceremony was conducted on Saturday, August 5, 2006. The ceremony, which was held at the Hilton Birmingham Perimeter Park Hotel in Birmingham, Alabama, was hosted by the Southeastern Association of Magicians and Ring 35 of the International Brotherhood of Magicians. Ring 35 is also known as the Magic City Magic Club and Judge Arnold Drennen Ring.
Based on the Broken Wand Ceremony, which was initially performed in 1926 at the funeral of Harry Houdini, the Broken Perch Ceremony for Matilda was a first in magic. Never before had a magician's animal been formally recognized and honored by the magic community.
Bob Sanders, President of Ring 35, officiated at the ceremony; Jacque Meyer, Executive Director of the Greater Birmingham Humane Society, delivered the eulogy; and Bill Pitts, Past President of the International Brotherhood Of Magicians, conducted the Broken Perch ritual. In honor of Matilda's many accomplishments, Bob Sanders presented Keith and Donna with a Commendation, which had been drafted by Alabama Governor Bob Riley.
Alabama Animal Hall of Fame.
Alabama Veterinary Medical Association (Montgomery, Alabama)
The Alabama Veterinary Medical Association inducted Matilda into the Alabama Animal Hall of Fame on September 9, 2006, at a black tie dinner, which was held at Embassy Suites Montgomery Hotel in Montgomery, Alabama. The ceremony was exactly two years to the date on which Matilda had appeared on "The Tonight Show". Two dogs, Gucci and Muffin, were also inducted.

</doc>
<doc id="20010457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010457" title="Kombat (disambiguation)">
Kombat (disambiguation)

Kombat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010469" title="The Secret Supper">
The Secret Supper

The Secret Supper is a thriller novel written by Javier Sierra. The original Spanish title was La Cena Secreta, winner of the 2004 Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja literary award, one of the richest literary prizes in the world. The English translation by Alberto Manguel was published in 2006.
Plot summary.
It is set while Leonardo da Vinci is painting The Last Supper. The story is told in Agostino Leyre's words, as mysterious letters come in to Rome. He is a chief inquisitor, and so he decides to investigate who had sent these mysterious letters, hinting at heresy. He goes to Santa Maria delle Grazie, where he meets various monks, priests and nuns. But while he is there, various suspicious deaths and rumours takes him into a search for truth- the meaning of The Last Supper. Intrigued, he finds yet another mystery - a blue leather-bound book, portrayed in tarot cards left by the killer of several pilgrims, known as 'The Soothsayer'.

</doc>
<doc id="20010473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010473" title="Petar Mrkonjić">
Petar Mrkonjić

Petar Mrkonjić (; 1645–1669) was a legendary hajduk from the Imotski region in the Dalmatian hinterland, in modern-day Croatia, active during the Cretan War (1645–1669) between the Republic of Venice and Ottoman Empire as a guerrilla leader serving Venice.
History.
Vuk Stefanović Karadžić had found no historical documents on Petar Mrkonjić. Folklorist Stjepan Grčić did not believe Petar Mrkonjić was a historical figure.
According to Anđelko Mijatović, it is generally believed that the epic personality of Petar Mrkonjić is a historical figure, and that he was born in Imotski; he is possibly the same person as "Petar Imoćanin" ("Petar from Imotski"), who lived in the mid-17th century and is said to have greatly damaged properties of the Republic of Ragusa, after which the Ragusans urged the Venetians to stop him, as he was a Venetian subject.
Legacy.
Mrkonjić has become the subject of poems and Croatian patriotic songs. One of the earliest mentions of Mrkonjić were written by the Venetian-Croatian friar and poet Andrija Kačić Miošić (1704-1760) in "Vitezovi Imotske krajine".
In Serbian epic poetry, he has a hero status along with other hajduks such as Starac Vujadin, Pecija, Golub, Starina Novak, Bajo Pivljanin, and others. He is also the subject of a poem by Serbian linguist Vuk Stefanović Karadžić (1787-1864) in "Jaut-beg i Pero Mrkonjić".
During the Great Eastern Crisis (1875–78), set off by a Serb uprising against the Ottoman Empire in 1875 in Bosnia and Herzegovina (Herzegovina Uprising (1875–77)), Prince Peter adopted the "nom de guerre" of hajduk Petar Mrkonjić of Ragusa, and joined the Bosnian Serb insurgents as a leader of a guerilla unit. In 1925 the "Organization of Serbian Chetniks - Petar Mrkonjić" was founded, though it was banned by King Alexander I of Yugoslavia four years later when he instituted a dictatorship. In World War II, there was a Chetnik command named "Petar Mrkonjić", with 700 fighters. Babić formed the paramilitary Petar Mrkonjić-brigade in April 1992. The "Medal of Petar Mrkonjić" was also given by Republika Srpska.

</doc>
<doc id="20010482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010482" title="Alarko Holding">
Alarko Holding

Alarko Holding is one of the largest business conglomerates in Turkey; it is listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange. It operates in a variety of sectors, including construction, electricity generation and distribution, tourism, and real estate. It was founded by İshak Alaton and Üzeyir Garih in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20010512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010512" title="Canada Science and Technology Museum Corporation">
Canada Science and Technology Museum Corporation

The Canada Science and Technology Museum Corporation is a Canadian government Crown corporation responsible for preserving and protecting Canada's scientific and technological heritage and promoting and sharing that knowledge. The corporation oversees the Canada Agriculture Museum, the Canada Aviation Museum and the Canada Science and Technology Museum. It was established through an act of parliament (the Museums Act) on July 1, 1990 and is governed by a board of trustees headed by a President and Chief Executive Officer. The organization is located in Ottawa, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20010514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010514" title="Mijat Tomić">
Mijat Tomić

Mijat Tomić (died 1656) was a Croat hajduk from Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
Biography.
He was born in the village of Brišnik near Tomislavgrad. Although his exact birthdate is unknown, it is known that he lost his parents at a young age, and by 1640, had two brothers and two sisters. As a hajduk, he fought against the Ottoman Empire.
In modern Croat culture, he is renowned as a fighter against the Turks, and like many hajduks, he has numerous folk-songs and gusle poems made in his honour. Croatian writer Dubravko Tomić has written a book "Junačina Mijat Tomić" about him.
Trivia.
Hajdučka Republika Mijata Tomića, a self-proclaimed micronation in Bosnia-Herzegovina, is named after him. 

</doc>
<doc id="20010518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010518" title="National New Media Art Award">
National New Media Art Award

The Premier of Queensland's National New Media Art Award is a biennial, invitational Australian art award for works of new media art, instituted in 2008 under the auspices of the Queensland Government and the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art at the Queensland Art Gallery. The award is worth A$75,000 and is acquisitive. The National New Media Art Award also includes a tandem scholarship valued at A$25,000 for an emerging Queensland artist.
Nine artists or collaborations were shortlisted for the 2008 award, and seven for the 2010 award. The inaugural winner of the award was Peter Alwast and of the scholarship was Leah Barclay, as announced by the Premier of Queensland, Anna Bligh, on 31 October 2008. The outcome of the 2010 competition was announced on 27 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20010574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010574" title="Chrissie Shrimpton">
Chrissie Shrimpton

Chrissie Shrimpton (born 15 July 1945) is a former 1960s English model and actress. She is the younger sister of model Jean Shrimpton and was the girlfriend of Mick Jagger from 1963 to 1966.
In 2012 she was briefly featured in the BBC Four film "We'll Take Manhattan", a biopic of her sister Jean, with Clemmie Dugdale portraying Crissie.

</doc>
<doc id="20010588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010588" title="Torbjørn Gaarder">
Torbjørn Gaarder

Torbjørn Gaarder (1885 - 1970) was a Norwegian chemist. He has been called "a pioneer of biochemistry in Norway".
He was born in Kristiania, took the dr.philos. degree and studied biochemistry and physiology in Copenhagen and the United States. He was appointed professor at Bergen Museum in 1931, and served at the University of Bergen from 1948 to 1955. He was also editor-in-chief of the periodical "Naturen" between 1925 and 1946, succeeding Jens Holmboe.

</doc>
<doc id="20010590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010590" title="Couvade">
Couvade

Couvade is a term was coined by anthropologist E.B. Tylor in 1865 to describe certain rituals fathers in several cultures adopt during pregnancy.
The term "couvade" is borrowed from French (where it is derived from the verb "couver" "to brood, hatch"); the use in the modern sense derives from a misunderstanding of an earlier idiom "faire la couvade", which meant "to sit doing nothing."
For example, the Cantabri people had a custom in which the father, during or immediately after the birth of a child, took to bed, complained of having labour pains, and was accorded the treatment usually shown women during pregnancy or after childbirth. Similarly, in Papua New Guinea, fathers built a hut outside the village and mimics the pains of labour until the baby is born. Similar rituals occur in other cultural groups in Thailand, Russia, China and many indigenous groups in the Americas.
In some cultures, "sympathetic pregnancy" is attributed to efforts to ward off demons or spirits from the mother or seek favour of supernatural beings for the child. Couvade has been reported by travelers throughout history, including the Greek geographer Strabo (3.3.7 and 4.17) and the Venetian traveler Marco Polo. 

</doc>
<doc id="20010598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010598" title="A Kentucky Cardinal">
A Kentucky Cardinal

A Kentucky Cardinal is American writer, James Lane Allen's third novel. It was in 1894 as the first of the "A Kentucky Cardinal" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20010600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010600" title="Joka, Kolkata">
Joka, Kolkata

Joka, Kolkata is a locality in South West Kolkata, India. The locality is home to one of the premier management institutes of India: Indian Institute of Management Calcutta.
The tram line which begins in Behala, ends there and there is a spacious tram depot located in the area. The area also hosts a telephone exchange, a branch of the State Bank of India, the Vivekanada Mission School and a small Pentecostal church.
This locality houses one of the important centers of Bratachari movement.
An Employees State Insurance Hospital meant mainly for occupational diseases is also situated at Joka. It is the only occupational diseases centre being run by ESI Corporation directly in the Eastern States of India. It is a 300-bed referral hospital.
A recent spurt in construction activity in the area has been initiated by a 2000-home housing complex, Genexx Valley being constructed in the erstwhile industrial land belonging to Siemens. The complex is being promoted by Paharpur Cooling Towers Ltd. and the Pioneer Khaitan group.

</doc>
<doc id="20010623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010623" title="Natural order">
Natural order

Natural order could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010636" title="List of newsreels by country">
List of newsreels by country


</doc>
<doc id="20010645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010645" title="Renault Altica">
Renault Altica

The Renault Altica is a concept car made by Renault and was debuted at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show. The design combines features of a station wagon and a coupe — and has been described as a shooting-brake. With a luggage capacity of 1,300 litres and four seats, the Altica features butterfly doors.
Performance.
Although the car emits a low 140 kg/km CO2 emissions for its class (also due to its aerodynamics and a rear feature called "Synthetic Jet"), the Renault Altica is able to reach 60 mph in 7.5 seconds and its 2.0 litre diesel produces and of torque.
The Synthetic Jet is a patented aerodynamic device that consists of a 2 mm wide slot located at the extreme rear of the roof. Through this slot air is alternately sucked and blown to control the separation of air depending on the Altica's speed. At it is claimed that the Synthetic Jet reduces the Altica's Cd by 15% resulting in improved fuel economy.

</doc>
<doc id="20010657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010657" title="Jean Talon (disambiguation)">
Jean Talon (disambiguation)

Jean Talon may refer to:
Jean-Talon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20010672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010672" title="Timber mafia">
Timber mafia

Timber mafia refers to organised crime in the field of illegal logging in timber.
Brazil.
Brazil has rampant illegal logging, with deforestation increasing in 2013. The mafia intimidate opponnents, however they also have a veneer of legitimacy.
Congo.
Congo is also a victim of the illegal timber trade.
India.
Protected forest areas in parts of India – such as Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka and Jharkhand – are vulnerable to illegal logging by timber mafias that have coopted or intimidated forestry officials, local politicians, businesses and citizenry. Non-state groups have joined the nexus in militancy-affected areas such as Kashmir. Clear-cutting is sometimes covered-up by conniving officials who report fictitious forest fires. 
Many studies indicate large losses of forest cover to indiscriminate logging by timber mafias, with over a million hectares in the environs of Chhotanagpur alone being illegally transferred by the forest department directly to industrial, mining and logging companies. Besides the environmental degradation, public financial losses can be substantial: One 1994 estimate of stolen timber in the state of Karnataka amounted to Rs 10 billion (about US$230 million). Veerappan was a notorious bandit who, until his shooting death by state police in 2004, specialised in illegally logging sandalwood in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
As with coal, there have been incidents of substitution of low-grade wood for high-quality timber when the procurement of wood is authorised for government use. In an incident in 2005, officials determined that high-quality deodar wood meant for military and railway use had been substituted with lower-quality chir wood in Jammu and Kashmir state; the higher quality wood was intercepted in the process of being smuggled across the state border into Punjab.
Indonesia.
The forests of Borneo were also victim to illegal logging and threatens livelihood and the ecosystem.

</doc>
<doc id="20010675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010675" title="David Allan Coe discography">
David Allan Coe discography

This is a detailed discography for American country music artist David Allan Coe.

</doc>
<doc id="20010711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010711" title="Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation">
Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation

Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation (also referred to as MSEUF or Enverga University) is an academic institution that can be found in Lucena City, San Antonio, Candelaria, Sampaloc, and Catanauan in the province of Quezon, Philippines.
History.
Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation was built after World War II. The debilitating aftermath of the war brought education to a halt. The economic dislocation that ensued left many young people of school age with little chance of getting an education. Parents from many parts of Quezon Province had to mortgage their lands or sell their last carabao to send their children to college in Manila. The situation presented both a challenge and an opportunity to a group of pioneering and vision-driven individuals led by Dr. Manuel S. Enverga who founded the Luzonian Colleges on February 11, 1947 to give needy students access to higher education.
The Securities and Exchange Commission granted Luzonian Colleges its charter on February 11, 1947. A little more than a month later, the Bureau of Private Schools issued a government permit for the school to open in April 1947.
In the summer of 1947, 102 students, mostly youthful war veterans, enrolled in the two-year Associate in Arts program in the College of Liberal Arts, the first college to be established. The secretarial course opened on May 2, 1947 even as the young college obtained official permission to open the secondary school and the education programs in June 1947. Meanwhile, in 1948 heeding the clamor of the citizens of Sampaloc, Quezon, a high school was put up in that town.
Barely two years after, the College of Law opened to serve the needs of Associate in Arts graduates who wanted to take up law at nighttime. The complete commerce program was given the authority to open on October 5, 1949. The year 1950 saw the opening of a satellite campus in Catanauan, Quezon. The Institute of Graduate Studies and Research and the College of Engineering opened in 1955, giving Luzonian students more varied career choices. The San Antonio, Quezon campus was set up on June 22, 1959. In 1960, the school started to offer technical courses and two years later, the College of Architecture, became a fully independent academic program from the College of Engineering.
The Luzonian Colleges attained full university status on August 8, 1968 with education secretary Onofre D. Corpus signing the university charter. Two years later, on February 12, 1970, the Luzonian University became a foundation, a strategic decision that demonstrated the civic-mindedness of its founders and incorporators who donated their shares of stocks to the University, a move that would eventually prove to be unique but forward looking in the annals of higher education.
Founder-president Dr. Manuel S. Enverga died on June 14, 1981, secure in the knowledge that the university he founded would continue to serve the citizens of Quezon and the rest of Luzon. The Board of Trustees approved the renaming of the Luzonian University Foundation to Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation in 1983 in recognition of the founder-president’s magnanimity.
Meanwhile, the Institute of Physical Education and Sports began to operate in 1979 as an adjunct of the College of Education while the College of Criminology and Law Enforcement, that used to be under the umbrella of the College of Arts and Sciences, became a full-fledged college in 1986. Similarly, the citizens of Candelaria, Quezon gathered written petitions for a satellite campus to open in the area.
Thus, on June 15, 1992 with the required physical plant and laboratory facilities in place, the Candelaria campus started its operations. The Department of Education, Culture and Sports gave full recognition to the secondary education program on December 18, 1992. The full permit for the college programs was released in 1995.
The global need for competent mariners spurred the opening of the Institute of Maritime Studies in 1993. The BS Tourism program was offered in 1997 under the College of Arts and Sciences. Two years later, the program was merged with the Institute of Hotel and Restaurant Management organized in 1995 due to the parallelism and similarity of courses, faculty and laboratory requirements.
Meanwhile, the Environmental Science and Public Administration programs were offered in school year 2000-01 in response to the growing need for professionals in environmental management and preservation and public governance. Moreover, the College of Nursing and Allied Health Sciences opened in school year 2002-03 to serve the growing demand for globally trained nurses and caregivers.
Today, the Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation offers various postgraduate programs in the liberal arts, education, physical education, business administration, public administration, and computer studies, and undergraduate programs in the arts and sciences, public administration, accountancy, business administration, law, education, engineering, criminology and law enforcement, architecture and fine arts, computer studies, maritime education and also technical courses.
The various colleges and institutes have qualified, dedicated and competent faculty members and academic administrators who make education in the University excellence-driven, relevant, and adaptable to contemporary global needs.
Founded in 1947, its current president is Naila Leveriza. The Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation is an Autonomous University.

</doc>
<doc id="20010717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010717" title="Robert Dickson (fur trader)">
Robert Dickson (fur trader)

Robert Dickson (c.1765 – 20 June 1823) was a fur trader, and later an agent for the Indian Department in Upper Canada, who played a prominent part in the War of 1812.
He was born in Dumfries, Scotland where his father was a merchant. When his father's business failed, Robert and his brothers, William and Thomas, travelled to Canada to work for their cousin Robert Hamilton. While Robert's brothers made careers for themselves in Newark and the Niagara peninsula, Robert found routine office work tedious, and was sent to Mackinac Island in 1786 to trade on his own.
He spent many years trading among Indian tribes to the west. In 1797, he married Ista Towin or Totowin (Helen Elizabeth), the daughter of chief Red Thunder of the Wahpeton Isanti (Santee) Dakota.
During the years preceding the War of 1812, Dickson and other British and Canadian traders were angered by American encroachments into the area where they previously enjoyed a monopoly. As war appeared imminent, Dickson recruited over 100 warriors from the "Western Indians" (from the present-day states of Wisconsin, Michigan and Illinois) and gathered them at the British military outpost at Fort St. Joseph.
When news of the outbreak of war arrived, Dickson led a total of 400 Indians in an expedition led by Captain Charles Roberts, which captured Mackinac Island from its unwary American garrison. He subsequently led the Western Indians south to join the British army at Amherstburg, where they took part in the Siege of Detroit, which caused the surrender of an American army. In the autumn following these victories, Dickson travelled to Montreal, where he was appointed to the Indian Department as Agent and Superintendent for the Western Indian tribes.
During 1813, he led contingents of Indians at the unsuccessful Siege of Fort Meigs and Battle of Fort Stephenson. In 1814, he recruited fresh contingents of the Western Indians and led them at the successful defence of Mackinac Island and the Engagement on Lake Huron. He ended the war at the captured post of Prairie du Chien, where he quarreled with Andrew Bulger, the post's commandant.
After the war, he retired from the Indian Department although, while on a visit to Scotland in 1816, he applied unsuccessfully to be the Indian Department agent at Amherstburg.
The war had ruined Dickson's fur trading business. He nevertheless resumed trading, but died unexpectedly at Drummond Island in 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="20010721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010721" title="Badshahi Ashurkhana">
Badshahi Ashurkhana

Badshahi Ashurkhana (Urdu: ) is a mourning place for shias during the festival of Moharram near Charminar in Hyderabad, India. It is a house of mourning constructed in memory of martyrdom of Imam Hussain.
It is now classified as a heritage site and is looked after by the state Department of Archaeology and Museums.
History.
It was built by Muhammed Quli Qutb Shah in 1594, three years after building the Charminar. 
The Monument.
Ashurkhana has two areas like the Niyaz Khana (offering place) and Naqaar Khana (drums place). The Ashur Khana stands today with enamel tiles that have retained their lustre and vibrant colours even after four centuries. The intricate design in hexagons is exquisite.

</doc>
<doc id="20010728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010728" title="Knut Fægri">
Knut Fægri

Knut Fægri (July 17, 1909 – December 10, 2001) was a Norwegian botanist and palaeoecologist born in Bergen. He was the son of Major Ole A. Fægri (1875–1962) og Gudrun Stoltz (1881–1940) and married 1941 Museum manager Nancy Meyer (1912–2007), and was nephew of botanist, natural scientist and politician Jørgen Brunchorst (1862-1917).
Academic career.
Fægri got his Examen artium at the Bergen katedralskole in 1926 and took the dr.philos. degree in 1934 with the thesis "Über die Längenvariationen einiger Gletscher des Jostedalsbre und die dadurch bedingten Pflanzensukzessionen". He was hired as a research fellow at the Chr. Michelsen Institute, was appointed professor at Bergen Museum in 1946 and from 1948 jointly at the museum and the University of Bergen. He retired in 1979. He was also editor-in-chief of the periodical "Naturen" between 1947 and 1977.
Societal engagement.
Fægri was much-engaged in debates over societal issues of broad public interest. He was outspoken in his criticism of the negative effetcts of hydroelectric power development on nature and biodiversity. He often had controversial views. For example, in the 1960s he agitated for a liberal act on use of marihuana, which he saw as something the state should leave with the individual citizen to decide about. Privately, he was a proponent of naturism and he appeared naked in a debate of that topic broadcast on Swedish television.
Honours.
Fægri was proclaimed honorary doctor at the Uppsala University in 1977, received the Millennium Botany Award in 1999 and was proclaimed Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1979.
His son Knut Fægri jr. became professor in chemistry.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of Fægri's most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20010781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010781" title="Hans Skjervheim">
Hans Skjervheim

Hans Skjervheim (1926–1999) was a Norwegian philosopher.
He was a research fellow at the University of Oslo from 1963, professor at the Roskilde University from 1968, lector at the University of Bergen from 1969, and professor there from 1982.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of Skjervheim's most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20010803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010803" title="Oz-story Magazine">
Oz-story Magazine

Oz-story Magazine was an annual periodical devoted to the literature and art of Oz, the fantasy land created by L. Frank Baum. It was published in six volumes between 1995 and 2000.
"Oz-story" was published by Hungry Tiger Press, and edited by David Maxine; he was assisted by Eric Shanower, who was responsible for a significant share of the artwork in the volumes. "Oz-story" printed a variety of Oz-related features and illustrations, by writers and artists closely associated with the Oz mythos — Baum, Ruth Plumly Thompson, W. W. Denslow, John R. Neill, Jack Snow, Rachel Cosgrove Payes, and many others — including modern contemporaries like Shanower and Edward Einhorn.
The most notable single work in the six volumes of "Oz-story" was arguably Eloise Jarvis McGraw's novel "The Rundelstone of Oz", never previously published, which appeared in the sixth and final volume. Rare Baum novels were reprinted in "Oz-story":
"Oz-story" generally earned high praise from critics and reviewers during its limited existence.

</doc>
<doc id="20010804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010804" title="Jon Hellesnes">
Jon Hellesnes

Jon Hellesnes (born 16 September 1939) is a Norwegian philosopher, novelist and essayist.
He was appointed professor of philosophy at the University of Tromsø in 1985. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20010807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010807" title="Annie Award for Best Animated Home Entertainment Production">
Annie Award for Best Animated Home Entertainment Production

The Annie Award for Best Animated Home Entertainment Production is awarded annually by ASIFA-Hollywood, a non-profit organization that honors contributions to animation, to the best animated direct-to-video film of the year. It is one of the Annie Awards, which honor contributions to animation, including but not limited to producers, directors, and voice actors. The Annie Awards were created in 1972 by June Foray to honor individual lifetime contributions to animation. In 1992, the scope of the awards was expanded to honor animation as a whole; the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature was created as a result of this move, and subsequent awards have been created to recognize different contributions to animation. The Annie Award for Best Animated Home Entertainment Production was created in 1995, and has been awarded yearly since. It was originally known as the Annie Award for Best Animated Video Production; the name of the award was changed in 1997 to the Annie Award for Best Home Video Production, was changed again in 1998 to the Annie Award for Outstanding Achievement in an Animated Home Video Production, and was changed in 2002 to the current name. To be eligible for the award, the film must have been released in the year before the next Annie Awards ceremony, and the developers of the game must send a five minute sample DVD of the film to a committee appointed by the Board of Directors of ASIFA-Hollywood.
As of 2008, the Annie Award for Best Animated Home Entertainment Production has been awarded to thirteen direct-to-video films. "The Gate to the Mind’s Eye", a film in the "Mind's Eye" series, was the first film to win the award. "Macross Plus", an original video animation, was the first film to feature Japanese anime to be nominated for the award; the only other film featuring anime to be nominated is the Wachowski brothers' "The Animatrix", a series of animated videos set in the fictional universe of "The Matrix" series. The film production company Walt Disney Television Animation has had nine of its films nominated for the award, more than any other company, and DisneyToon Studios, a division of Walt Disney Television Animation, has had eight of its films nominated for the award.

</doc>
<doc id="20010834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010834" title="Archduchess Maria Elisabeth of Austria (1743–1808)">
Archduchess Maria Elisabeth of Austria (1743–1808)

"For the earlier archduchess of the same name, see Archduchess Maria Elisabeth of Austria."
Archduchess Maria Elisabeth Josepha of Austria (13 August 1743 – 22 September 1808) was the sixth child of Maria Theresa, Queen of Hungary, Croatia and Bohemia and Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor. She was abbess of the Convent for Noble Ladies in Innsbruck from 1780 until 1806.
Biography.
Maria Elisabeth was born on 13 August 1743. She was regarded as very attractive during her early youth and was considered the most beautiful of her sisters. Therefore, there were hopes to ensure her a marriage of the highest possible status. During the period of 1756–1763, however, when she would normally have been married, there were difficulties finding a match considered suitable of her in age and status because of the political complications during the Seven Years' War. As an adult in the Imperial Court, her mother was somewhat troubled by Maria Elisabeth's reputation as a "coquette". 
In 1768, the recently widowed Louis XV of France considered marrying her. The French court considered it wise for him to marry in an attempt to prevent his sexual scandals, and politically, it was regarded as a way to strengthen the alliance between France and Austria to make both her and her sister Marie Antoinette Queens of France one after another; first Maria Elisabeth married to the present king and the Marie Antoinette married to the next. However, Archduchess Maria Elisabeth's chances of becoming Queen of France were destroyed by smallpox which terribly scarred her face, making her considered unfit for marriage. Her elder sister Archduchess Maria Anna was also ineligible for marriage due to physical disability. Maria Elisabeth was called "Liesl", and known for her sharp tongue. She eventually became greatly overweight. 
Maria Elisabeth was appointed cannoness of the Convent for Noble Ladies in Innsbruck by her mother, but like her sister Maria Anna, who had a similar position, she did not in fact live in the convent but continued to share her time with the Imperial Court at Hofburg and Schönbrunn. After the death of their mother in 1780, she, as well as her sisters Maria Anna and Maria Christina, was asked by their brother Joseph II, to leave the Imperial court, because he did not want any women there and wanted to break up what he referred to as his sister's Women Republic. The Emperor appointed his sister Maria Elisabeth an abbess of the Convent for Noble Ladies in Innsbruck. Here - or rather in Innsbruck's Imperial Castle - Maria Elisabeth resided from May 1781 until January 1806, when the province of Tyrol was taken over by Napoleon Bonaparte's ally, the Kingdom of Bavaria. Maria Elisabeth first left for Vienna and later on moved to Linz, where she died on 22 September 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="20010846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010846" title="Allameh Helli High Schools">
Allameh Helli High Schools

Allameh Helli Schools, named after Allameh Helli, are found in some cities of Iran. The schools, which include middle and high school, are among nationwide schools developed specifically to provide a superior education for exceptionally talented students in Iran, and are managed by the National Organization for Development of Exceptional Talents (NODET). Students study subjects in depth, similar to college courses. Allameh Helli Schools are boys only, while Farzanegan is the equivalent school for girls.
See also.
School Name
Allameh Helli eighth century Shi'ite scholar born in Hilla in Iraq and that the narrative was so gifted in ijtihad was not at the office. Because of this gifted leader, put his name on the training center. He called upon the name of many secondary schools have complained that because the name is a name that if Iran Iraq but many gifted and genius J. Ejei the then NODET Allameh Helli said the exodus from Iraq He could have his own ideas (Shiites) in Iran we also hope to extend our thoughts to the world's elite in Iran and their logo (logo) on the basis of both Shutter Asia's exports to the rest of the world thought it was designed. This was in response to some of the logo and the name means gifted Iran to export to other countries is known as Allameh Helli moved to spread Shi'ism in Iran's elite Islamic Republic of Iran to export to other countries to immigrate thought if It was not meant Ejei. 
About School
The school consists of three floors of classrooms and laboratories for various different bases. This school libraries, school libraries, including the largest in the country. The library has over 20,000 books in Persian and English.
The number of students in the academic year 90-91 was greater than 850 persons.
The high school division at the Crossroads, Ghaffari St., behind Roozbeh Hospital is located and where it was previously owned by Roozbeh Hospital.
Much of the high school graduates, teachers and other educational staff that form.
In recent years the number of high school students compete in academic success (eg, scientific Olympiads, national or global) scored. The high school student Nkhbhprvr center of the country. Research achievements of high school students eager to attend the high school entrance exams has.
International Science Olympics medals earned by the school exceeds 120 medals.
Building efforts martyr
The 91-92 school year, it was decided that the first and second base in the third and fourth bases of the main building and center to study in another building which is located in Sardar Jangal Street are studying. The building "Allameh Helli High School - The martyr Hemmat" called by school officials as a "martyr of ambition" is mentioned.
It is this separation because it is the main building of the school conducted by the third and fourth rounds and become more involved in issues of curriculum and exams. It is also likely that the increased capacity at all levels and the need for a foundation of a building is a reason to do it.
Honours
Some Allameh Helli High School, Tehran's most prestigious high school in Asia . The criterion validity of prestigious international awards and honors. These honors include: International Mathematical Olympiads earn medals, physics, chemistry, computers, biology and astronomy, plus world championship RoboCup . Allameh Helli High School, Tehran was the first high school participated in the RoboCup competitions that won the World Cup (the first three) times. (Second place belongs to this particular school Ejei martyr Isfahan.) Allameh Helli High School, Tehran International Olympics medal count This explains the fall of 1386 was 118 medals: 34 gold, 51 silver and 33 bronze. The total number of medals won by Team Olympiad in Iran to date (Fall 86) has a total of 283 medals, 273 medals have been won by students Shutter Asia. [6
Accordingly, about 42% of the medals by Allameh Helli High School, Tehran acquired in Asia while no school has won 118 medals at the World Olympiad does.
Of 64 years (year of establishment) to 89 years entering the preparatory phase and the second largest number of Young Scholars Club and every 6 Olympiad Olympiad team selection Lamhhly owned school in Tehran. Next Level is jointly owned by the sages of Tehran and Isfahan Ejei martyr. (The above statistics RoboCup and Literature Olympiad does not count) . 
In addition Allameh Helli High School of the internal titles Festival Award , and ratings for a number of internal Olympiads Entrance honorable institution in the country as well. 
Seminar on Science and Technology
Allameh Helli High School seminar is subject to viability, and the dynamics of science and technology.
This seminar is open to the first period beginning after the revolution of 1362 Shutter Asia were enrolled. The seminar began with a seminar in mathematics and physics, and after several years of science and technology have continued with the seminar. Beginning of the period presented in the form of seminars, conferences and training 18th by professors and graduates from universities and centers offering NODET was holding.
Since the 18th Seminar of the seminar, an exhibition of achievements in addition to training students in practical projects, poster or presentation to be held.
Seminar on nearly any project of 280 to 300 students from various schools in the city are on display and visitors, parents, students, organizations and educational institutions, and research and ... The seminar will see.
The main highlights of the seminar is that all students and all those things, including coordination, planning, decorating, event planning and ... Is done by the students themselves. The different student groups and seminars in the fields of biology, mathematics, physics, chemistry, computing, mechanics and ... To engage in research reports.
Is plotted on the basis of high school students each year and are responsible for organizing the seminar and exhibit their capabilities and plans for the project school students to represent. During the seminar setting, all projects are checked by reviewers as subtle and Visitor surveys are also plans to be a premier project will be selected and awarded prizes to the designers and the projects are ready for a youth festival Kharazmy.
Research Group Nanotechnology for the 91-90 school year as a subset of biology research groups have been added to the school.
Some graduates
Solution was added to the School of Humanities, 1391. But it was not continued.

</doc>
<doc id="20010851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010851" title="Monad (non-standard analysis)">
Monad (non-standard analysis)

In non-standard analysis, a monad (also called halo) is the set of points infinitely close to a given point.
Given a hyperreal number "x" in R*, the monad of "x" is the set
If "x" is finite (limited), the unique real number in the monad of "x" is called the standard part of "x".

</doc>
<doc id="20010852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010852" title="Bloomfield Falls">
Bloomfield Falls

The Bloomfield Falls are near Cape Tribulation, close to Wujal Wujal, north of the Daintree National Park in Queensland, Australia. 
The waterfall is on the Bloomfield River.
Access is provided via the Bloomfield Track, south of Cooktown and in the wet season it is not possible to visit the falls.

</doc>
<doc id="20010877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010877" title="Florent Ntsiba">
Florent Ntsiba

Florent Ntsiba (born 17 August 1949) is a Congolese politician who has been Minister of State for Labour and Social Security in the government of Congo-Brazzaville since 2009. A high-ranking and long-time figure under President Denis Sassou Nguesso, Ntsiba initially rose to prominence through the military in the single-party regime of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in the 1970s. He was Minister of Information from 1979 to 1983; although he fell out of favor with the party leadership in 1983, he returned to the government as Minister of Equipment from 1989 to 1991.
After Sassou Nguesso regained power in the 1997 civil war, Ntsiba again returned to the government as Minister of Equipment and Public Works from 1997 to 2009. He has been Minister of State for Labour and Social Security since September 2009. Ntsiba holds the military rank of "Général de division".
Military–political career under single-party rule.
Ntsiba, a member of the Téke ethnic group, was born in Lekana, located in the Plateaux Region of Congo-Brazzaville. He became an officer in the armed forces and was Director of the Cabinet of the Minister of Defense from 1975 to 1977. He was included in the ruling PCT's Military Committee of the Party (CMP) in 1977, at which time he held the rank of captain; also in 1977, he was appointed as Secretary-General of the First Vice-Presidency for Coordination of the Activities of the Party, as well as Spokesman of the CMP. Ntsiba remained Spokesman of the CMP until 1979. He played a role in the ouster of Joachim Yhombi-Opango by the PCT leadership in early 1979, and under Yhombi-Opango's successor, President Denis Sassou Nguesso, Ntsiba was elected to the Political Bureau of the PCT in 1979 and was assigned responsibility for press and propaganda. He was also included in the government as Minister of Information, Posts and Telecommunications in 1979.
At a session of the PCT Central Committee in April 1983, Ntsiba was removed from the Political Bureau and suspended from the Central Committee for ideological weakness; as a result, he resigned from his position as Minister of Information, Posts and Telecommunications in May 1983. He was not included in the Central Committee elected at the PCT's July 1984 congress, but he was politically rehabilitated in later in the 1980s and appointed to head SIACIC, the national cement company.
At the PCT's Fourth Ordinary Congress on 26–31 July 1989, Ntsiba regained a seat on the Central Committee, and after the congress he was appointed to the government as Minister of Equipment, in charge of the Environment, on 13 August 1989. Civil servants at his ministry went on strike to protest his alleged favoritism towards ethnic Téke when making appointments. When the PCT lost power in 1991, Ntsiba lost his post in the government.
Political career since 1997.
After Sassou Nguesso returned to power in the June–October 1997 civil war, he appointed Ntsiba to the government again as Minister of Equipment and Public Works on 2 November 1997. Following the resignation from the government of Martin Mbéri in 2001, Ntsiba additionally assumed responsibility for the Ministry of Construction.
Ntsiba was an unsuccessful candidate in Lekana constituency in the May–June 2002 parliamentary election; he was defeated in the second round of voting by fellow minister André Okombi Salissa. He was nevertheless retained as Minister of Equipment and Public Works in the government appointed on 18 August 2002, but his additional responsibility for the Ministry of Construction was transferred to Claude-Alphonse Nsilou on 23 August 2002.
Sassou Nguesso was re-elected in the July 2009 presidential election. In the post-election government appointed on 15 September 2009, Ntsiba was moved to the post of Minister of State for Labour and Social Security. The government was also reorganized into four broad sectors, with one minister assigned responsibility for coordinating each of the four sectors; Ntsiba was one of the ministers chosen as a coordinator and was assigned the socio-cultural sector. Ntsiba succeeded Gilbert Ondongo at the Ministry of Labour on 22 September 2009, and he in turn handed over the Ministry of Equipment to Émile Ouosso later on the same day. On 28 September, Ntsiba chaired the first meeting of the ministers included in the socio-cultural sector.
Ntsiba was a member of the New Democratic Forces (FDN), a political party that supported Sassou Nguesso. At the FDN's May 2010 congress, it established the High Council of Dignitaries, a consultative body intended to advise the FDN Executive Bureau; Ntsiba was included as one of its seven members, and it was installed on 1 June 2010.
Following the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Ntsiba remained in his post in the government named on 25 September 2012, but the system of sector coordinators was eliminated.
Speaking in the Senate on 29 November 2013, Ntsiba condemned arrogance and cited the example of his own past: "Every morning, I read, with arrogance, the communiques of the CMP", referring to his role as CMP Spokesman in the late 1970s. He said that he had changed in the years since, going "from Lenin to Cicero".

</doc>
<doc id="20010880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010880" title="Yngvar Løchen">
Yngvar Løchen

Yngvar Løchen (1931 – 1998) was a Norwegian sociologist.
He took his dr.philos. in 1965 and was hired as associate professor of community medicine at the University of Oslo the same year. In 1971 he was appointed professor in the sociology of medicine at the University of Tromsø. He served as rector from 1977 to 1981.
He was also chairman of the "Hovedkomiteen for norsk forskning" from 1974 to 1977, and of the "Rådet for samfunnsvitenskapelig forskning" from 1985 to 1989.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20010891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010891" title="Coomera Falls">
Coomera Falls

The Coomera Falls are found on the upper Coomera River in South East Queensland, Australia. The height of the waterfall is 64 m.
The Coomera Falls drop into Coomera Gorge. Access is via graded walking tracks in Lamington National Park from Binna Burra.

</doc>
<doc id="20010906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010906" title="Morans Falls">
Morans Falls

Morans Falls are located within Lamington National Park in South East Queensland, Australia. The waterfall is accessed via the Morans Falls Track, a six km walk.

</doc>
<doc id="20010907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010907" title="Jalan Ulu Jempol">
Jalan Ulu Jempol

Jalan Ulu Jempol, Federal route is the main federal roads in Bandar Pusat Jengka, Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1531 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20010915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010915" title="Helge Stalsberg">
Helge Stalsberg

Helge Stalsberg (born 7 October 1932) was a Norwegian physician.
He was born in Oslo. He was chief physician of the University Hospital of North Norway, and professor of morphology at the University of Tromsø from 1972. He served as rector from 1981 to 1985. He has also been a consultant for the World Health Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20010925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010925" title="Tully Falls">
Tully Falls

Tully Falls is a waterfall found on the Tully River in the Tully Gorge National Park in Queensland, Australia. The height of the falls is .
Access to the falls is via a graded track.
Most of the water that would have otherwise flowed over the falls has been diverted to the Kareeya Hydro Power Station and dammed by Koombooloomba Dam. This means the falls only flow during a big wet season.

</doc>
<doc id="20010929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010929" title="Aamra">
Aamra

Aamra ( "We") is a Bengali Movie was released in 2006. Directed by Mainak Bhaumik, the movie featured Jishu Sengupta, Parambrata Chatterjee, Nilanjana Sharma. It is an uncredited remake of the movie "Sidewalks of New York", 2001.
Plot.
A movie for the youth, about the youth and by the youth. That's precisely what the makers of Aamra proclaims it to be. It is about six characters from diverse backgrounds and their take on love and sex. In fact its also officially the first sex comedy in Bengali. As the story begins we find Amit Roy, Bhasha Chatterjee, Raj Mukherjee, Shreya Ghosal, Tapash Chatterjee and Sunaina Bannerjee talking about love. Everyone is talking about their first love, lover affairs and love making. Amit is a filmmaker. His first love was Rupa who was a married woman. But they had broken up. Tapash is an academician having an affair with Sunaina. Raj was Shreya's boyfriend but they broke up six months ago. Bhasha is a homemaker. Raj calls himself a future rockstar. They have a rock band. Shreya is a school teacher. Sunaina is a student. Amit and Shreya a suddenly meet in an internet chatroom. They go on a date. Raj also gets attracted to Sunaina. Amit feels an infatuation for Bhasha when she comes for an audition to him. Sunaina does not feel comfortable with Tapash anymore. Bhasha doubts Tapash and says that she wants a divorce. They get divorced. Everybody tries to understand their own actual feelings. They try to get perfect partners for themselves. Sunaina breaks up with Tapash and proposes to Raj. Shreya decides to go for an arranged marriage. Bhasha and Amit get close. Everybody finds the right partner. Amit (Jisshu) is a telefilm director who has just had her girlfriend (Pallavi Chatterjee), older than he is and a wife and mother, walking out of their relationship. On a chat site he meets Shreya (Ananya Chatterjee). Shreya, young, pretty and sexy, is a teacher in a junior high school. She has just dumped Raj (Parambrata) who is a wannabe rockstar struggling to make it big. Raj hooks up Sunny (Debutant Momo), an undergraduate student in the same college/university, who has a secret relationship with Tapas (Kaushik Ghosh), her English professor. Bhasha (Nilanjana) is the professor's wife with an aspiration for acting. She meets Amit for a drama audition and starts liking him in subsequent meets. Except Tapas who is 39, all others are in their early to late twenties.
Critical reception.
Mainak Bhaumik, based in US, having made two international award-winning documentaries, debuts with feature film in Aamra. He has used a documentary style and non-linear narrative. The characters introduce themselves to the camera and talk about themselves throughout the film. Around these monologues Mainak weaves a story where they cross the paths of each other and come across new realisations of life. Treatment and style wise the film is a docu-feature on the youth's take on love and sex in contemporary urban society.

</doc>
<doc id="20010936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010936" title="Tove Bull">
Tove Bull

Tove Bull (born 31 October 1945) is a Norwegian linguist.
She was born in Alta. She was hired as associate professor at the University of Tromsø in 1984, and was promoted to professor in 1990. She served as prorector from 1990 to 1995, and then became the first female rector of the University of Tromsø, serving from 1996 to 2001.
She was a member of the Norwegian Language Council from 1980 to 1995, member of the board of Finnmark University College from 2003 to 2007 and the Sámi University College from 2007. In November 2006 she was proclaimed Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. She is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20010938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010938" title="Rosh HaAyin North Railway Station">
Rosh HaAyin North Railway Station

The Rosh HaAyin North Railway Station is a suburban passenger railway station in Israel, operated by Israel Railways. It is located in north Rosh HaAyin next to Kesem Interchange which connects Highway 5 with the Cross-Israel Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20010939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010939" title="Te Karaka">
Te Karaka

Te Karaka is a small settlement inland from Gisborne, in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located in the valley of the Waipaoa River close to its junction with its tributary, the Waihora River. Te Karaka is located on State Highway 2, and is the largest settlement between Gisborne and Opotiki in the Bay of Plenty.
At of the 2006 census, Te Karaka had a usually resident population of 543.

</doc>
<doc id="20010941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010941" title="Annie Hunter">
Annie Hunter

Annie G. Hunter (1860 – 1927) was an English professional artist and illustrator, best known for her reproduction drawings of pre-Columbian Maya monuments and inscriptions. In the late 1890s Hunter was commissioned by the early Mayanist scholar Alfred Maudslay to provide drawings and watercolored illustrations of Maya monuments. (She worked from casts, lintels and stelae in museum holdings, and photographs.) Her illustrations appeared in Maudlay's pioneering archaeological and iconographic survey "Biologia Centrali-Americana: Archaeology" (London: R.H. Porter and Dulau, 1889-1902). 
Hunter's work provided an important basis for the study of Maya iconography and inscriptions in the early 20th century; her careful renderings provide scholars access to texts that otherwise would be difficult to study. Hunter's work for Maudslay gained her acclaim, and after WWI she was commissioned by the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology to provide watercolour and line-drawn illustrations of Maya ceramics artefacts held in a number of collections, for publication in portfolio.
Hunter is described in Ian Graham, "Alfred Maudslay and the Maya: A Biography", (University of Oklahoma press, 2002), pp. 221–223.

</doc>
<doc id="20010942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010942" title="Yarrbilgong Falls">
Yarrbilgong Falls

Yarrbilgong Falls are located within Lamington National Park in South East Queensland, Australia. Access to the falls is along the main Coomera Track that links Binna Burra and O'Reilly's Guesthouse. The height of the falls are 150 m.
The Yarrbilgong Falls fall into Coomera Gorge, part of headwaters of the Coomera River.

</doc>
<doc id="20010954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010954" title="Patutahi">
Patutahi

Patutahi is a small settlement 15 kilometres from Gisborne, in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located in the valley of the Waipaoa River.

</doc>
<doc id="20010958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010958" title="Ormond, New Zealand">
Ormond, New Zealand

Ormond is a small settlement inland from Gisborne, in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is located on State Highway 2 in the valley of the Waipaoa River, halfway between Gisborne and the township of Te Karaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20010965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010965" title="Jalan Utama Jengka Barat-Timur">
Jalan Utama Jengka Barat-Timur

Jalan Utama Jengka Barat-Timur, Federal route is the main federal roads in Bandar Pusat Jengka, Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1537 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20010971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010971" title="Milad Hospital">
Milad Hospital

Milad Hospital is the largest specialized and subspecialized hospital in Iran. This hospital is a complementary health service provider in Iran's Social Security organization (SSO) chain of hospitals. Milad hospital currently employs more than 5600 specialists and subspecialists of various fields.
History.
The construction of hospital was started in 1977 but was suspended in 1979 due to the revolution and Iran-Iraq war. The project was later restarted in 1988 with some changes in the original design. It began serving patients in 2001. This 12 floors structure is part of the Milad complex, which also includes Milad Tower and Milad hotel.
Facilities.
Milad hospital has 1000 licensed beds, 24 surgery rooms, 20 pre-surgery and 20 post-surgery care beds. Milad hospital also provides Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU) and Neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) units, in addition to CCU, dentistry and various labs.
The hospital also includes general service sections for patients and visitors, including 430 seat and 190 seat conference centers, two 120 seat classrooms, pharmacy, child day care and restaurant. 
The building consists of three wings, and one central tower connecting these three wings. This complex is located next to Milad Tower on the junction of Hemmat and Chamran Expressways.

</doc>
<doc id="20010981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010981" title="The Rundelstone of Oz">
The Rundelstone of Oz

The Rundelstone of Oz is a novel by Eloise Jarvis McGraw. It is a volume in the series of fictional works about the Land of Oz, by L. Frank Baum and his successors.
"The Rundelstone of Oz" was originally the opening section of McGraw's "The Forbidden Fountain of Oz". Extracted from that book, the Rundelstone story remained unpublished until it was included in the sixth and final issue of "Oz-story Magazine", the annual periodical issued by David Maxine and Eric Shanower from 1995 to 2000. The novel was then published in a hardback edition the next year.
The work was originally intended to be illustrated by Lauren Lynn McGraw, the author's daughter and credited co-author. In "Oz-story", McGraw's novel was published with Shanower's illustrations, along with Lauren McGraw's design sketches for the story's characters. (Since McGraw died in 2000, the 2001 edition was published posthumously; it featured an Introduction by Lauren Lynn.)
Synopsis.
The Troopadours are travelling entertainers — not human ones, but living marionettes. When they reach the village of Whitherwood in the Gillikin Country, they are enchanted by a malicious magician called Slyddwyn. Most are transformed into inanimate objects — though Slyddwyn leaves the humblest member of the troupe, Pocotristi Sostenuto, free to serve as a menial servant in his castle.
To work his transformations, Slyddwyn uses the Rundelstone, a fist-sized rock with a "rundel" (a rhyming riddle, in this case also an enchantment) carved on it in "flarns" (runes). Puppet protagonist Poco must figure out what has happened to his companions, then obtain the Rundelstone and learn to work its magic. With the help of a young boy named Rolly, and eventually with the aid of Dorothy Gale, Princess Ozma and other familiar denizens of Oz, Poco succeeds in restoring his friends, defeating the villain, and ensuring that Good triumphs.

</doc>
<doc id="20010996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010996" title="The Doctor of Myddfai">
The Doctor of Myddfai

The Doctor of Myddfai is an opera in two acts composed by Peter Maxwell Davies to a libretto by David Pountney. The work was premièred at the New Theatre in Cardiff on 5 June 1996, performed by the Welsh National Opera and conducted by Richard Armstrong. The libretto was adapted from an ancient Welsh legend which inspired The Lady of the Lake. The original tale is reinterpreted in terms of a mysterious disease, knowledge of which the authorities are trying to suppress. The opera takes place in a totalitarian society similar to that envisioned in Orwell's "1984", with a supreme ruler, mechanistic bureaucracy and endless war.
Synopsis.
Background legend
A shepherd fell in love with beautiful girl who appeared in Llyn y Fan Fach, a lake where he was tending his flock. He married her after passing the test of distinguishing her from her two sisters. However, there was a condition on their marriage. If he were to strike her three times during their marriage, she would return to the lake, taking all the wealth she had brought him. Eventually he struck her for a third time. She did indeed return to the lake, but left her healing powers to him and his descendants. They became The Doctors of Myddfai.
The opera
The Doctor is worried about a strange new disease that has broken out and retells the legend to his Child. The disease occurs whenever anyone receives a blow in the rain. The resulting bruise spreads over the entire body. Those who have the disease are desperate for a cure from The Doctor. He and a crowd of the sick (a chorus singing Christian hymns in Welsh) gather by the lake.
The Doctor tries to tell The Ruler about the disease, but The Ruler dismisses him and seeks to bury the story. Nevertheless, he is disturbed and seeks consolation with a woman who turns out to be The Doctor. In the ensuing confrontation in the rain, he strikes The Ruler, thus infecting him with the strange disease.
The State Council debates the crisis caused by the Ruler's absence. The Ruler eventually appears and demands that he be taken to the lake to be cured. There, the Doctor refuses to cure him. A crowd of the sick arrive at the lake and in their desperation for a cure trample The Doctor to death. The Child arrives, and orders the Ruler to walk into the lake. She becomes the new Doctor of Myddfai, preaching deliverance through recitation of the names of herbs and flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20010998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20010998" title="Sandra Louise Vogelgesang">
Sandra Louise Vogelgesang

Sandra Louise Vogelgesang (born 1942) was a senior foreign service officer and policy planner for the U.S. State Department.
Life.
She attended Cornell University and Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. 
She served as a deputy assistant Secretary of State, and, from 1994 to 1997 she was U.S. Ambassador to Nepal, appointed by President Bill Clinton. 
She is married to Geoffrey Wolfe.
References.
Political Graveyard

</doc>
<doc id="20011012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011012" title="Jalan Jengka 1">
Jalan Jengka 1

Jalan Jengka 1, Federal route is a main federal road in Bandar Pusat Jengka, Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1542 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20011013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011013" title="Waiau River (Gisborne)">
Waiau River (Gisborne)

Waiau River is a river in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand. It has its headwaters in the same area of hill country to the east of the Raukumara Range as the Mata River, flowing firstly north, then east to become a tributary of the Hikuwai River.

</doc>
<doc id="20011019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011019" title="Lawrence Rooke">
Lawrence Rooke

Lawrence Rooke (also Laurence) (1622–1662) was an English astronomer and mathematician. He was also one of the founders of the Royal Society, although he died as it was being formally constituted.
Life.
He was born in Deptford, and was a great-nephew through his mother of Lancelot Andrewes.
He was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, where he graduated M.A. in 1647. He became a fellow commoner at Wadham College, Oxford in 1650, having dropped out of academia for a period because of bad health. At Wadham he worked closely with John Wilkins and Seth Ward.
He became Professor of Astronomy at Gresham College in 1652, and then Professor of Geometry there, in 1657, an appointment in which Oliver Cromwell took an interest.
He was unpublished in his lifetime, but left papers on longitude and the moons of Jupiter that were published posthumously. He also wrote at the Royal Society's request a set of directions for sailors, on the correct way to record meteorological and oceanographic observations on their travels. These appeared in volume 1 of the Royal Society's "Philosophical Transactions" as "Directions for Sea-men, bound for far Voyages" (Phil. Trans. 1665 1 140-143) doi:10.1098/rstl.1665.0066.

</doc>
<doc id="20011049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011049" title="Mirko Jeličić">
Mirko Jeličić

Mirko Jeličić is an Australian football coach who is coaching BEC Tero Sasana F.C. in Thai Premier League. He was coaching Cockburn City in the Western Australia State League Premier Division. Jeličić had previously worked as a fitness coach for Perth Glory in the Australian National Soccer League, during the reign of manager Bernd Stange. The club enjoyed its most successful period during this time. In 2001 Jelicic was appointed to the staff of the "Aukland Kingz " in New Zealand assisting with team preparation for their National League campaign. In 2002 he was invited by Bora Milutinovich to assist with injury management for China's World Cup campaign in South Korea.
Jeličić was appointed to be the coach of Cockburn City in 2003, the team finishing as runners up in the WA state league. In late 2003 he moved to work in Malaysia, acting as a fitness coach for Sabah FA.
He later moved to Uzbekistan to prepare them for their 2006 FIFA World Cup campaign, working under experienced English coach Bob Houghton. After an initial stint he remained after their failed World Cup campaign, also working with Uzbeki national league team Pakhtakor, achieving league and cup double. After a short stint with Singaporean team SAFFC, Jeličić returned to Uzbekistan, working with the National Team in preparation for the 2007 Asian Cup, under the guidance of Russian coach Valeri Kuzmyich Nepomniachi (Uzbekistan reaching the quarter finals) and also with Pakhtakor who again won the double. 
In early 2008 Jeličić was appointed, for a second time, as coach of Cockburn City. He left the club in May 2009 to take on a role with the Uzbekistan under-20 World Cup side. Also preparing the National Team for the 2011 Asian Championship ( Semi Finalists)
In 2011, his ex-coworker Peter Butler during SAFFC period invited him to work at BEC Tero Sasana F.C. a top club in Thailand Premier League. In 2012 he continued his association with Bec Terro and in September began work with Sven Goran Erikkson.

</doc>
<doc id="20011051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011051" title="Ubik (song)">
Ubik (song)

Ubik is a 2000 single by Timo Maas, with Martin Bettinghaus on vocals. It reached #33 on the UK singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20011054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011054" title="Darren Zenner">
Darren Zenner

Darren Zenner (born 1971 in Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada) is a retired American light heavyweight boxer. His career record is 27-4-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20011057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011057" title="Ola Heide">
Ola Heide

Ola Mikal Heide (born 26 April 1931) is a Norwegian botanist.
He was born in Trondenes. He graduated from the Norwegian College of Agriculture in 1961, and took the dr.agric. degree in 1967 with the thesis "Studies on the Control of Regeneration in Begonia". He was appointed professor of plant physiology at the University of Tromsø in 1972, professor of botany at the Norwegian College of Agriculture in 1976. He served as rector there from 1978 to 1983. He is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20011059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011059" title="John Cooper (British Army officer)">
John Cooper (British Army officer)

Lieutenant General John Cooper, CB, DSO, MBE (born 17 February 1955) is a former senior British Army officer. From March 2008 the Deputy Commander of Multinational Force-Iraq (MNF-I), the operational-level headquarters in Iraq, and Senior British Military Representative-Iraq. As Deputy Commander, he was the principal assistant to General Raymond T. Odierno of the United States Army. He stepped down on 4 March 2009, and retired from the army later that year.
Early life and career.
Cooper was born on 17 February 1955 in Berwick-upon-Tweed. Educated at Berwick Grammar School, he then went to Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and was commissioned into the King's Own Scottish Borderers (KOSB) as a second lieutenant on 8 March 1975. He initially served in Northern Ireland, Britain and Germany, he was promoted lieutenant on 8 March 1977, and captain on 8 September 1981. In the early 1980s he served two tours with a British Army advisory and training team in Zimbabwe before attending Staff College, Camberley in 1987. He was promoted major on 30 September 1987, and after graduation from the staff course, he was appointed Chief of Staff, 8th Infantry Brigade in Northern Ireland 1988–89, for which he was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) on 6 November 1990. He then commanded a rifle company in 1st Battalion, KOSB (1KOSB), including active service in the Gulf War. He was promoted lieutenant colonel on 30 June 1994, and commanded 1KOSB for a further tour in Northern Ireland, for which he was appointed to the Distinguished Service Order (DSO), as well as tours in Edinburgh and Lancashire. He then served as an instructor at the Staff College, Camberley, and at the Joint Services Command and Staff College.
Higher command.
In November 1997, Cooper was appointed to a high staff position as Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff, G3 (O&D) in HQ LAND, where he had responsibility for implementing recommendations arising from the Strategic Defence Review. He attended the Higher Command and Staff Course in 1998, and was promoted colonel on 30 June 1998. He was officially promoted to brigadier on 31 December 1999, with seniority from 30 June 1999, having taken command of the 12th Mechanised Brigade in November 1999. The brigade deployed to Bosnia in 2000. He was appointed to the honorary position of KOSB's Colonel of the Regiment on 9 February 2001 and held that post until the regiment was disbanded with its merger into the Royal Regiment of Scotland on 28 March 2006, when he became a Deputy Colonel of the new regiment. He was appointed the Chief of the Defence Staff's liaison officer to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon (United States) in Washington DC in 2002. He then assumed the appointment of Chief of Staff, Field Army, HQ Land Command.
Upon promotion to major general on 7 May 2004, Cooper became Deputy Commander Combined Forces Command (Afghanistan) until December 2004. He was awarded the US Bronze Star Medal for his service in Afghanistan. When he departed Afghanistan, he took command of 1st (UK) Armoured Division on 25 January 2005, taking elements of that division to Iraq where it formed HQ Multi-National Division (South-East). He returned to England for two years of senior leadership positions before his promotion to lieutenant general and return to Iraq on 23 March 2008 to become Senior British Military Representative and Deputy Commanding General, Multinational Force, Iraq. He stepped down from the post on 4 March 2009. In an interview on 3 March 2009 he expressed his belief that the struggle against Al Qaida in Iraq had been won, and that the country was getting back on its feet.
Cooper was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 2009 Birthday Honours. He retired from the army on 21 November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20011064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011064" title="Popovo, Tržič">
Popovo, Tržič

Popovo is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20011077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011077" title="Clarence S. B. Tan">
Clarence S. B. Tan

Clarence S. B. Tan is a Philippine businessman in the hotel industry.
Clarence Tan is resident in the Philippines and was from 2003 a Vice President of the InterContinental Hotels Group, IHG, where he among other things was responsible for the group's financial systems in South-East Asia. Before this he worked within Raffles International, where he was the hotel manager of the Hotel d´Angkor in Siem Reap, Cambodia.

</doc>
<doc id="20011095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011095" title="Solaris Pictures">
Solaris Pictures

Solaris Pictures is an Indian film production company based in Mumbai. It was created by Sridhar Rangayan, and Saagar Gupta in 2001. The two have gone on to create several award winning films under Solaris Pictures' banner, focusing on LGBT issues and HIV/AIDS.
Introduction.
Solaris Pictures is perhaps the only Indian film production company that has consistently been making bold and path-breaking films on issues such as homosexuality and gay rights, films that engage the audience and initiate dialogues on issues dealing with health and sexuality, human rights, and the gay and transgender communities.
Previous productions include: The Pink Mirror, which has won two Best Film awards, and was screened at over 72 festivals; Yours Emotionally! which was played at several international festivals and 68 Pages, which won the Silver Remi award at the 2008 WorldFest Houston. These films have made visible Indian queer characters and issues to a global audience, through a unique style that combines Bollywood melodrama with international avant-garde film techniques.
Solaris Pictures is the Associate Producer of Project Bolo - an Indian LGBT Oral History Project that interviews 20 Indian LGBT persons in Mumbai, Pune, Lucknow and New Delhi. 
Solaris Pictures believes in pushing the envelope - both as producer and as distributor, and in partnering with grassroots NGOs and community-based organizations in India, and international collaborators from around the world. It produces films that go beyond mere entertainment, to emotionally engage the audience and initiate dialogues about underserved issues like health and sexuality, human rights, gay and transgender issues.
The company has also collaborated in producing more than 100 hours of television content for serials like Rishtey, Gubbare, Kagaar and has produced advertising for companies like Life Insurance Corporation of India, H & R Johnson, Godrej, Rupa, Zee TV. Thei social awareness films and spots for the National Institute for Hearing Handicapped, Cancer Patients Aid Association and Cama & Albless Hospital have been telecast on both DD National and Mumbai Doordarshan.
Solaris Pictures is one of the principal organizers of Kashish Mumbai Queer Film Festival that was first held in April 2010 in Mumbai at PVR Cinemas and Alliance Francaise and then in 2011 and 2012 at Cinemax Versova and Alliance Francaise
Solaris Pictures has also organized Flashpoint Human Rights Film Festival in Mumbai and New Delhi in 2010/2011 and 2011/2012. 
Movies.
68 Pages.
Drama/ 90 mins / India / 2007 / Hindi with English subtitles
Directed and Written by Sridhar Rangayan
Producer: The Humsafar Trust 
Associate Producer : Solaris Pictures
Coming from a country like India that is still in denial, where being HIV+ is still a curse, 68 Pages rips open the underbelly of its society to reveal how it stigmatizes and shuns those who are HIV+ or even those who just want to be what they are. Through 68 Pages of a counselors diary, we see the stories of Paayal, a sex worker; Nishit, an ID user; Kiran, a gay man and Umrao, a transsexual bar dancer - their stories of pain and fear, humiliation and rejection - not only by the society, but even by their loved ones. While these stories expose the shallowness of the system, it also offers hope and healing by trying to bring about a better understanding of their fight to live with dignity. The film is a tribute to the human spirit of optimism and survival. { Source: imdb} [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1151299/]
Yours Emotionally.
Drama/Gay / HD / 86 mins / UK-India / 2006
Directed and Written by Sridhar Rangayan
Producer: Wise Thoughts (UK)
Associate Producer: Solaris Pictures (India)
Two Brits, Ravi and Paul travel to India where they meet Murthy and Anna an older gay couple that have managed to form a partnership and live together for over 20 years. When Ravi meets and falls for Mani an Indian national who is betrothed to be married. He turns to the older couple for advise and help but traditions die hard in India. {Source: imdb} [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0818705/]
The Pink Mirror.
Drama/Gay / DV / 40 mins / India / 2003 / Hindi wst English
Directed and Written by Sridhar Rangayan
Produced by Solaris Pictures (India)
The Pink Mirror pits two Indian drag queens against a westernized gay teenager in a battle to woo a handsome hunk. It's a clash of the east and west. The drag queens, who are expert in the art of seduction with their wit, innuendo and cunning or the young teenager who is saucy, slutty and sly? Underneath the campy humorous exterior, the film is an exploration of the Indian gay landscape and understanding of the deep, humanly tender bondings that exist between drag queens in India who form unique, non-patriarchal families. Using the Bollywood soap idiom of song, dance and drama and for the first time in the Indian drag queens' very own language, Hindi, the film also explores other veiled issues related to the Indian gay community: the lurking threat of HIV/AIDS. {Source: imdb} [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0386499]
Awards.
Solaris Pictures' films and television projects have won several awards, both Indian and international.

</doc>
<doc id="20011096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011096" title="List of Dark Horse Comics imprint publications">
List of Dark Horse Comics imprint publications

Dark Horse Comics is an American comic book company. These are the ongoing and current limited series publications it has released under its own brand, its imprints Rocket Comics and Dark Horse Manga, and through publication deals with Lucasbooks and Studio Proteus.

</doc>
<doc id="20011142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011142" title="Potarje, Tržič">
Potarje, Tržič

Potarje () is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20011153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011153" title="Letters from a Father to His Daughter">
Letters from a Father to His Daughter

Letters from a Father to His Daughter is a collection of 30 letters written by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1928 to his daughter Indira Gandhi when she was 10 years old, teaching about natural history and the story of civilisations. At the time of the writing of the letters, Nehru was in Allahabad, while Indira was in Mussoorie.The actual letters written by Nehru were in English. They were translated into Hindi by the famous Hindi novelist Munshi Premchand, and the name of the Hindi compilation is Pita Ke Patra Putri Ke Naam.

</doc>
<doc id="20011182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011182" title="WAGC">
WAGC

WAGC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20011186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011186" title="Gyani Labh Singh Bhikhi">
Gyani Labh Singh Bhikhi

Gyani Labh Singh Ji Bhikhi ( 25th April 1881 to 29th April 1974 ) Freedom Fighter from India & Preacher of Sikhism (Pracharak), was born in Village Bhikhi, Sheikhupura District, Now in Pakistan. From childhood, he spend his life in participating in the fight against the British Raj, for India's Independence.Wherever he goes for delivering speeches for Independence, thousands of people came to listen him from far away places.It is a fact that sometimes he gave speeches to crowd of thousands without aid of mike & speaker. He was very Daring, Patriotic and straight forward person.He went to Jail several times. He did not believe in and was against caste system, that's why he added his village name 'Bhikhi' with his name instead of his surname/caste i.e. Kalra.He did not believe in superstitions. He was very much active in Jaito da Morcha, Guru Ke Bagh ka Morcha, Gurudwara Sudhar Lehar, Rail Roko Andolan and many more. With this his personality includes a poet also. He wrote essays, poems and other writing material which encourages countrymen to fought jointly for country's freedom and he also served Punjabi Literature warmly from every side.
He wrote three books namely 
(1) Kartoot Bemukhan Dee 
(2) Sachiyaan Baatan 
(3) Navaa Kissa. 
He was honoured with "Praman Patra" for his contributions in India's independence by Punjab Chief Minister S. Pratap Singh Kairon and the "Tamra Patra" for his contribution and participation in India's independence by the Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi as well as the Chief Minister of Punjab and President of India Giani Zail Singh.
After partition of 1947 he came and settled in Ludhiana, Punjab (India) with his family and there also he takes active part in religious cum social activities.
And on one Day 29th April 1974, While serving his country, he left for his heavenly abode. 
BELOW, an article Specially Published on the occasion of his 131st Birth anniversary in DAILY AJIT, A Leading Punjabi Language Newspaper, Jalandhar, Punjab, India. Dated 25th April 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="20011187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011187" title="To Get Down">
To Get Down

"To Get Down" is a dance-pop song performed by Timo Maas from his album "Loud". Phil Barnes features on lead vocals.
The song is featured in the 2003 film "The Italian Job" and the 2002 video game "FIFA Football 2003"; the latter being remixed by Fatboy Slim.

</doc>
<doc id="20011208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011208" title="Whitey Neal">
Whitey Neal

Whitey Neal (born in St. Mary's, British Columbia) is a former Canadian featherweight Boxer. He had a career record of 17-21-11.

</doc>
<doc id="20011215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011215" title="The Glen Campbell Collection">
The Glen Campbell Collection

The Glen Campbell Collection was issued by Capitol Records (EMI Of Canada LTD) and sold exclusively through a special TV offer.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20011227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011227" title="A2 motorway (Belgium)">
A2 motorway (Belgium)

The A2 is a Belgian motorway that coincides completely with the Belgian part of the European route E314. It starts in Leuven, at the junction with the A3/E40 in the province of Flemish Brabant. Then it goes through the province of Limburg, where it crosses the A13/E313 in Lummen. It ends at the Dutch border, where it become the Dutch A76.

</doc>
<doc id="20011232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011232" title="Mayfield, New Zealand">
Mayfield, New Zealand

There are two places in New Zealand called Mayfield:

</doc>
<doc id="20011240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011240" title="Kapt. Kopter and the (Fabulous) Twirly Birds">
Kapt. Kopter and the (Fabulous) Twirly Birds

Kapt. Kopter and the (Fabulous) Twirly Birds is a 1972 rock album by Randy California.
Background.
This album was recorded and released following Randy California's departure from Spirit. Spirit's fourth LP, "Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus", reached the charts but took an inordinate amount of time to receive attention (the album would eventually be certified gold by the RIAA in 1976). As a result, Jay Ferguson and Mark Andes departed Spirit to form Jo Jo Gunne with Andes' brother Matt (whose slide guitar work had previously appeared in "Prelude: Nothin' To Hide" on the "Sardonicus" album) and drummer Curly Smith.
Following the departure of Jay Ferguson and Mark Andes in early 1971, Spirit recruited John Arliss (and later John Fine) on bass and resumed playing live shows in March 1971". Randy California, however, was also growing disenchanted in Spirit and left the band in July 1971, along with bassist John Fine. They were replaced by brothers Al and John Staehely (on bass and guitar, respectively), and Spirit went on to record the Feedback album without Randy.
Randy spent much of his time afterwards in jam sessions with various musicians in Topanga Canyon clubs, particularly a club known as The Corral. Some of the musicians who appeared in these jam sessions, along with Noel Redding (under the pseudonym 'Clit McTorius'), Leslie Sampson (the drummer from Noel's band Road, under the pseudonym 'Henry Manchovitz') and Ed Cassidy (as 'Cass Strange'), would end up working with Randy when he started recording solo material in 1972. The resulting album featured numerous covers of the works of contemporary acts such at the Beatles and James Brown, with less emphasis upon original material by Randy. The album was also heavily influenced by the death of Jimi Hendrix in 1970, who had been friends with Randy since they played together in Jimmy James and the Blue Flames.
Promotion and reception.
Around the time of the album's release, Epic released a promotional-only single to radio stations. Reflecting the album's division between covers and original material, the single featured a cover of Rufus Thomas' "Walkin' the Dog" on one side and an original by Randy entitled "Live for Today" on the opposite side (neither song was released on the original album). Neither the album or the single were commercially successful.
Randy convened a touring band during the same period under the "Kapt. Kopter and the (Fabulous) Twirly Birds" moniker. The group, which featured Ed Cassidy on drums and Larry "Fuzzy" Knight on bass, supported the album by playing shows around the Los Angeles area, including a few performances for the radio station KPFK. Several months after the album's release, this group would tour Europe as Spirit under pressure from booking agents who wanted to capitalize on Spirit's name and were not interested in Randy's solo work.
Critical opinions of the album has been divided. William Ruhlmann, reviewing the album for Allmusic, wrote that the cover songs "became almost unrecognizable frames for California's improvisations. At least the covers were actual songs, which was more than you could say for the originals", before concluding that "Kapt. Kopter ended up proving that California was not ready to be promoted from a group guitarist who sang and wrote occasionally." However, Robert Christgau stated that, while he did not have a passion for "sheer dense weirdness", the album's "tunefully distorted guitar (and vocal) showcase will grow on you if you give it half a chance". 
Despite the album's critical reception, there has been enough continuing interest in the album to warrant numerous LP and CD reissues. The initial CD release of this album by Edsel Records contained both tracks from the promotional single that Epic released in 1972. The later CD reissues by Sony Music and Acadia also feature these tracks along with an additional instrumental track entitled "Rebel".

</doc>
<doc id="20011241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011241" title="Avenging Conscience">
Avenging Conscience

Avenging Conscience Films inc. is a company for Comedy Central's South Park, , & The Spirit of Christmas. This company is for Flash cartoons for Trey Parker and Matt Stone, like South Park, Princess, and Winterfresh's Attraction Chronicles.

</doc>
<doc id="20011254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011254" title="Believe in Me (Lenny Kravitz song)">
Believe in Me (Lenny Kravitz song)

"Believe in Me" is the third single by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz from his 2001 sixth self-titled studio album "Lenny", released on April 23, 2002 by Virgin Records America.
Music video.
The music video features Lenny performing in a small club setting in front of an audience full of people of different ages, races and walks of life. Kravitz is singing soulfully to the woman that he is in love with, while flashing images of the Virgin Mary and Jesus Christ appear in the club. Another scene shows back and forth imaging of the woman and of a shirtless, frustrated Kravitz boxing and lifting weights in his exercise room. The instrumental bridge features choreographed break dancers as Kravitz plays Spanish guitar, while in the end Kravitz and the woman are seen dancing together amongst the large crowd of people. The video features American model Megan Ewing.
Chart performance.
The single performed very well on the European countries, being the most successful single of the album in Austria (where it peaked at number forty-two), New Zealand (where it reached number ten) and Switzerland (where it reached the top-thirty). In Italy, it reached the top-ten, becoming the second song of the album to reach the top-ten there.

</doc>
<doc id="20011261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011261" title="Profitability Analysis (SAP)">
Profitability Analysis (SAP)

Profitability Analysis (CO-PA) is a module of the enterprise resource planning software SAP ERP that allows users to report sales and profit data using different customized characteristics (such as customer, country, product) and key figures (such as number of units, price, cost, etc.)
CO-PA derives its data from the SD (Sales and Distribution), MM (Materials Management), and CO (Controlling) modules of SAP, and as such its configuration is closely tied to those modules.
CO-PA was originally designed as a strategic reporting tool rather than as a financial reporting tool, but soon it began to be used for financial reporting. Because CO-PA recognizes sales differently from the CO and GL modules, this caused some reconciliation issues.
In response, SAP enhanced CO-PA to derive data from the CO and GL modules. This "flavor" of CO-PA is known as "account-based CO-PA", while the original functionality is known as "costing-based CO-PA".
References.
Links:
SAP - CO-PA

</doc>
<doc id="20011265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011265" title="Constantine Jessop">
Constantine Jessop

Constantine Jessop (1601 or 1602 – 16 April 1658) was a 17th-century Anglican clergyman.
Life.
Jessop was the son of John Jessop, a minister at Pembroke, Pembrokeshire in Wales. He studied initially at Jesus College, Oxford, commencing in 1624 aged 22, before moving to Trinity College, Dublin, where he graduated with a BA from Dublin before returning to Oxford to obtain his MA in 1632. His movements thereafter are uncertain for a few years, although his son Constantine was born in 1639 or 1640. In 1643, he was appointed to the parish of Fyfield, Essex. In 1644, he argued for the biblical validity of presbyterian church government, with his views being published as "The angel of the Church of Ephesus no bishop of Ephesus, distinguished in order from, and superior in power to a presbyter", dedicated to William Twisse. In August 1647, he moved from Fyfield to Bristol to take up a position as vicar of St Nicholas. In 1650, he was alleged to have preached against the council of state and, whilst protesting, did not deny all the charges. He was allowed to remain a minister on condition that he did not return to Bristol, although temporary permission was given on two occasions in 1652 and the prohibition was removed in April 1654, after Jessop had become rector of Wimborne Minster in Dorset. Also in 1654, Jessop wrote a preface to John Grayle's "A Modest Vindication", entitled "The nature of the covenant of grace, wherein is a discovery of the judgment of Dr. Twisse in the point of justification, clearing him from antinomianism therein". On 16 April 1658, Jessop died at Wimborne; he was buried there. He was survived by his wife, Elizabeth, and his son, Constantine, who became rector of Brington, Northamptonshire and a prebendary of Durham Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20011278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011278" title="Michael Ho (surfer)">
Michael Ho (surfer)

Michael Ho (born July 13, 1957 in San Mateo, California) is a Chinese American professional surfer who has won the Hawaiian Triple Crown, the Duke Classic, the World Cup and the 1982 Pipe Masters. He is the brother of Derek Ho, another Chinese American champion surfer. Michael is also the father of Women's World Tour surfer Coco Ho.

</doc>
<doc id="20011295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011295" title="Narve Bjørgo">
Narve Bjørgo

Narve Bjørgo (born 3 May 1936 in Meland, Nordhordland) is a Norwegian historian.
He was born in Meland. He graduated from the University of Bergen in 1964, and worked as a research assistant until 1970. Then, for two years, he was a research fellow and associate professor. In 1973 he was appointed professor of history at the University of Tromsø. He served as dean from 1984 to 1985, and rector from 1985 to 1989. He was CEO of NAVF from 1991 to 1993, and professor at the University of Bergen from 1993 to 2006, before retiring. In 2008 he was given an honorary degree at the University of Tromsø.
Bjørgo was a member of the board of NUPI from 1974 to 1978, of the Nansen Foundation from 1974 to 1980. He chaired the board of the Norwegian National Academy of Ballet from 1994 to 1995, the Norwegian National Academy of Opera from 1994 to 1996, the Ivar Aasen Centre from 1998 to 2002 and the Norwegian Agency of Quality Assurance in Education from 2002 to 2005.
He settled at Frekhaug.

</doc>
<doc id="20011297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011297" title="Fishing industry in New Zealand">
Fishing industry in New Zealand

As with other countries, New Zealand’s 200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone gives its fishing industry special fishing rights. It covers 4.1 million square kilometres. This is the sixth largest zone in the world, and is fourteen times the land area of New Zealand itself. 
The zone has a rich and unusually complex underwater topography. Over 15,000 marine species are known to live there, about ten percent of the world's diversity. Many of these are migratory species, but New Zealand's isolation means also that many of the marine species are unique to New Zealand.
Statistics.
New Zealand's wild fisheries captured 441,000 tonnes and earned over NZ$1 billion in exports in the fishing year 2006/07. The aquaculture of mussels, salmon and oysters earned another $226 million. This made seafood the country’s fifth largest export earner.
There are about two tonnes of fish in the New Zealand fisheries for every New Zealander. Just under ten percent of this stock is harvested each year. 
In the fishing year 2006/07, there were 1,316 commercial fishing vessels and 229 processors and licensed fish receivers, employing 7,155 people. About 1.2 million or 31 percent of New Zealanders engage, at least occasionally, in recreational fishing with an annual recreational take of about 25,000 tonnes.
Historical development.
Traditionally New Zealand's fishing industry was an inshore one largely confined to the domestic market. From 1938 to 1963, there was a licensing system operating, involving gear and area controls. Starting in the 1960s, the offshore waters, outside the then 12 nautical mile territorial sea, were exploited by Japanese, Taiwanese, South Korean, and Soviet trawlers. 
In 1977 the 200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone was established. These zones were established because countries wanted protection from foreign fishing vessels. Because New Zealand’s territory includes the Chatham Islands and other outer islands, its EEZ is 4.1 million square kilometres, the sixth largest fishing zone in the world. 
This was a huge resource, and expectations were high. The inshore fisheries had become over exploited, and the search was on for new offshore fisheries. New Zealand companies embarked on joint ventures with foreign companies. Trawling crews from other nations taught New Zealanders how to fish deep waters and in return got a share of the catch.
By 1980 the consequences of the "think big" policy for the fishing industry were becoming very apparent. Mel Courtney, MP for Nelson and convenor of the Opposition fisheries' sub-committee on production and marketing, in asserting "the policy is falling apart", expressed the view of many. "The industry expanded so rapidly it was overcapitalized with too many boats...the inshore fleet expanded and joint venture and duty-free boats exerted further pressure" ("Commercial Fishing" June 1980 5).
Deep-water trawling is highly mechanised and massive capital investment is normally required to operate modern factory trawlers. These ships process everything caught on board. Even the guts and heads are processed into fishmeal, which is so valuable it is known as "brown gold". Elsewhere, major fisheries, such the northern hemisphere cod fisheries, were collapsing. Fishing companies in New Zealand were able to buy or lease the redundant trawlers cheaply. At the same time, the collapse of northern fisheries resulted in an unmet need in the world market for quality whitefish. Hoki and orange roughy from New Zealand were in demand.
In 1986 New Zealand became the first country to introduce a property-rights based Quota Management System (QMS) system. There are currently (2008) 129 species which are targeted commercially. There are about 60 species groups with a QMS allowance for customary Māori fishers, with a similar number for recreational fishers. The fisheries are managed through the Fisheries Act 1996, which sets out the rules and regulations and the QMS administered by the Ministry of Fisheries.
The fishery in the 2000s.
By 2000, the industry had developed from being a domestic supplier to exporting over 90 percent of the fish harvest.
Fishing grounds.
Coastal estuaries dot New Zealand's 15,000 km coastline. Coastal fisheries have access to a large continental shelf, and further afield are large continental rises. Together these relatively shallow fishing grounds occupy about thirty percent of the area of the EEZ. Yet further out in the deep ocean lie undersea mountain ranges and volcanoes, and deep oceanic trenches. The 10,000 metre deep Kermadec Trench is the second deepest trench on Earth.
High seas fishing.
The high seas are those areas of ocean that not covered by any country’s Exclusive Economic Zone. New Zealand has international obligations to ensure New Zealand flagged vessels are aligned with proper conservation and management of the high seas fisheries. These are met in Part 6A of the Fisheries Act 1996. These obligations come from the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and the 1995 Straddling Fish Stocks Agreement.
Māori role.
The Treaty of Waitangi guaranteed the Māori, the indigenous people of New Zealand, “undisturbed possession” of the fisheries until they chose to dispose of them to the Crown. They have been provided with a substantial stake in commercial fishing as part of the Treaty Settlement. After the quota management system was established, the government purchased back ten percent of the quota share and gave it to the Treaty of Waitangi Fisheries Commission for the benefit of Māori. In 1992, the government allocated a cash settlement to Māori which they used to buy a half share of Sealord, the countries largest fishing company. In addition, the government has given Māori twenty percent of the commercial quota share of new species introduces to the quota management system, and the equivalent of twenty percent of all marine farming space created around New Zealand coasts and harbours. In 2004, Parliament approved the allocation of additional significant fisheries assets to iwi. Te Ohu Kai Moana is implementing this allocation. Māori have now built their commercial stake to the point where they control or influence more than thirty percent of the commercial fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="20011318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011318" title="El Teniente">
El Teniente

El Teniente ("The Lieutenant") is an underground copper mine in the Chilean commune of Machalí in Cachapoal Province, Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region, near the town of Sewell, above mean sea level in the Andes.
Mining at El Teniente is reported to have started as early as 1819. Kennecott Copper Corporation ran the mine through a subsidiary company up until the Chilean nationalization of copper and the formation of the state owned copper mining company Codelco who currently operates the mine. It is reported as "the world's biggest underground copper mine", and is the largest of Codelco's operations.
History.
According to legend the El Teniente mine was discovered in the 1800s by a fugitive Spaniard official, with exploitation beginning in 1819. The best ore was mined manually in what would be called the Fortuna sector, and transported by animal. In 1904 William Braden (an engineer from New York) and E.W. Nash formed the Braden Copper Company, built a road for carts, and a concentrating plant. Chileans referred to the large scale mining operation as "La Gran Minería del Cobre".
In 1967 the Chilean government bought a 51% stake in the mine and founded Sociedad Minera El Teniente, and under this agreement a new concentrator was built, and the mine expanded its production to per day. Braden became a subsidiary company of Kennecott Copper Corporation, and on July 11, 1971 with the Chilean nationalization of copper under President Salvador Allende and the formation of the Corporación Nacional del Cobre de Chile (known as Codelco), El Teniente became a state owned operation. The Chilean government was to pay Kennecott $92.9-million for the property. The mine has increased production to of ore per day, and in 2006 the mine produced over of copper. 
The Vancouver, Canada based company Amerigo produces both a copper and molybdenum concentrate from El Teniente's tailings, and also has the right to treat higher grade tailings from a large abandoned tailings impoundment near to the El Teniente property.
Labour disruptions.
As of 2007 Codelco employed 17,000 direct-hire company employees and 28,000 contract employees across all their operations. There have been multiple labour disruptions at the El Teniente mine.
1983.
In 1983 El Teniente and two other Codelco mines closed when approximately 13,000 workers voted to strike "indefinitely" in protest of a union leaders arrest for calling for an end to military rule in Chile. Between the three mines at least 3,300 workers and 37 labour leaders were fired for participating in the strike.
2008.
Contract workers went on strike at Codelco mines in 2008. El Teniente and two other Codelco mines were closed, El Teniente for the shortest length. Company employees continued to work, however striking workers closed access to the mines and threw stones at buses transporting employees from the mine to the town of Rancagua. At least one employee was injured, he was hit by a metal object thrown by a protester on the highway leading to the mine.

</doc>
<doc id="20011358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011358" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1637">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1637

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1637, adopted unanimously on 8 November 2005, after reaffirming previous resolutions on Iraq, the Council extended the mandate of the multinational force until the end of 2006. 
The resolution was sponsored by Denmark, Japan, Romania, the United Kingdom and United States.
Resolution.
Observations.
Introducing the resolution, the Security Council welcomed the start of a new phase in Iraq and looked forward to the day that the Iraqi forces would be responsible for security, and the mandate of the multinational force in the country could therefore be terminated. It welcomed the commitment of the Iraqi Transitional Government to work towards a democratic nation with respect for political and human rights, and support from the international community. Furthermore, the Council welcomed recent elections and the approval of a new constitution for the country. 
The resolution also noted that the government established through the December 2005 elections would be responsible for promoting dialogue and reconciliation in Iraq, and shaping its future. The Council called upon those using violence to lay down their arms and participate in the political process, reaffirming that terrorism would not disrupt Iraq's transition, in accordance with Resolution 1618 (2005). Iraq had requested to retain the presence of the multinational force, established under Resolution 1546 (2004), in order to provide security and humanitarian aid.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council extended the mandate of the multinational force in Iraq until 31 December 2006, to be reviewed by 21 June 2006. It could be terminated at any time by the request of Iraq. At the same time, arrangements for depositing proceeds from export sales of petroleum, petroleum products, and natural gas into the Development Fund for Iraq, and its monitoring by the International Advisory and Monitoring Board, were extended until 31 December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20011370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011370" title="Erlend Rian">
Erlend Rian

Erlend Rian (born 15 June 1941 in Lillehammer) is a Norwegian politician who formerly represented the Conservative Party.
He was editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Tromsø" from 1974 to 1979, and mayor of Tromsø city from 1980 to 1995. From 1984 to 1988 he was the second deputy leader of the Conservative Party nationwide. He left the Conservative Party in 2005, but was involved in Tromsø 2018.
He is the older brother of historian Øystein Rian.

</doc>
<doc id="20011377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011377" title="Sonia Iovan">
Sonia Iovan

Sonia Iovan-Inovan (born 29 September 1935) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympic Games. She is a double Olympic bronze medalist, a bronze world medalist and a multiple European medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20011382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011382" title="Guyandotte, Huntington, West Virginia">
Guyandotte, Huntington, West Virginia

Guyandotte is an historic neighborhood of Huntington, West Virginia and was formerly a small town in Virginia (and after 1863, West Virginia) located at the confluence of the Guyandotte River (which drains much of the more rugged portion of southern West Virginia) and the Ohio River. In 1873, when the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) reached its western terminus there and built new facilities, the newly enlarged city was named Huntington, in honor of C&O Railway leader Collis P. Huntington. 
History.
Guyandotte was first built upon in 1609. The land that was part of Guyandotte and later Huntington was originally part of the French and Indian War veteran's Savage Grant. 
Historically, the old Federal Era town of Guyandotte has homes dating back to 1820 and a graveyard containing 18th-century French and Colonial-era settlers, including surnames such as LeTulle, Holderby, and Buffington. Huntington was known as Holderby's Landing prior to 1871, and the Buffington family held the tracts of land that became the Huntington Land Company. The Buffingtons were the only revolutionary-era Savage Grant claimants to continuously reside within the area, and later generations of Buffingtons were associated with Marshall College (later a university) and were business partners of Collis P. Huntington. Albert Gallatin Jenkins, a Confederate Army general, had his plantation home, Green Bottom in nearby Lesage, which has since become a historical landmark. 
At the time of Huntington's founding, Holderby's Landing was already the home of Marshall College, a normal school that had been founded in 1837 as Marshall Academy. Originally, Marshall Academy was essentially a boarding school, under the control of the Southern Methodist Church, for wealthy high school students. In 1857, the school became Marshall College, which in turn became a public institution in 1867. The college later became Marshall University in 1961 and now occupies a large portion of the city to the immediate east of the downtown CBD.
Historic buildings at Guyandotte include the Madie Carroll House and Zachary Taylor Wellington House, both listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20011393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011393" title="Andrea Jürgens">
Andrea Jürgens

Andrea Elisabeth Maria Jürgens (born May 15, 1967 in Wanne-Eickel, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is a German schlager singer. She became famous as a child star in the late 1970s when she had her first hit with "Und dabei liebe ich euch beide" (And Yet I Love You Both) at the age of ten. She has been active in the music business ever since with more than sixty single releases.
Career.
The early years.
Andrea Jürgens is the daughter of Heinz and Margret Jürgens. She performed her debut hit "Und dabei liebe ich euch beide" (And Yet I Love You Both) in her very first television appearance which took place in the ARD-Silvestergala in the New Year's Eve of 1977/1978. The song was written by Jack White and Jon Athan. Its lyrics address the post-divorce situation from a child's perspective. Further appearances on various television and radio shows followed. In the March 1978 Andrea Jürgens was the viewers' choice winner on ZDF-Hitparade, a television show conducted by Dieter Thomas Heck.
In the fall of 1978 the follow-ups to the debut hit were released. "Ich zeige Dir mein Paradies" (I'll Show You My Paradise) and "Tina ist weg" (Tina's Run Away), together with her success in the so-called hit parades concluded Andrea Jürgens' position as the first big child star in Germany since Heintje. In 1979 she gained further success with "Ein Herz für Kinder" (A Heart For Children) and "Eine Rose für dich" (A Rose For You).
In October 1979 the Christmas album "Weihnachten mit Andrea Jürgens" was published. Its sales exceeded 1,5 million copies in just three months. Consequently the album achieved multiple gold records and double platinum. The album included the single "Aba Heidschi Bumbeidschi", a traditional lullaby.
1980s.
Andrea Jürgens' commercial success continued in a smaller scale in the early 1980s. The folk music album "Andrea Jürgens singt die schönsten deutschen Volkslieder" was released in 1981. Her next single hits were "Mama Lorraine" (1981), "Japanese Boy" (1981), and "Playa Blanca" (1984). Like "Manuel Goodbye" (1983), "Playa Blanca" was originally sung in English by Audrey Landers. Jack White produced the German versions for Andrea Jürgens. 
The albums "Solang’ ein Mädchen träumen kann" (As Long as a Girl Can Dream) (1982) and "Weil wir uns lieben" (Because We Love Each Other) (1984) were not chart busters like their predecessors. In the latter half of the decade, no new studio albums were released. However, she released some singles (e.g. "Ciao ciao amore") and a "Best Of" compilation which was published in 1987.
1990s and afterwards.
Jürgens' next studio albums, "Küsse der Nacht" (Kisses of the Night) and "Liebe" (Love), were released in the early 1990s. The album "Ich krieg' nie genug von dir" (I Never Get Enough of You) was released in 1993. Once again, it included a song originally interpreted by Audrey Landers, namely "Guten Morgen Sonnenschein" (Good Morning Sunshine). In 1996 Jürgens recorded the single "Wir greifen nach den Sternen" (We Reach For the Stars) together with the Nockalm Quintett. The song was included in the album "Wenn ich glücklich bin" (1996), the opening track of which is the German cover version of Madonna's hit "You'll See", "Du wirst sehen". 
In 2002, Andrea Jürgens celebrated her 25-year singing career. The anniversary was celebrated by publishing the jubilee album "Dankeschön zum 25jährigen Bühnenjubiläum". In the new century she changed her record company from BMG to KOCH. "Lust aufs Leben" (Love of Life) (2005) was her first studio album under the new label. Jack White and Peter Wagner had been the producers of Jürgens' albums during her BMG-years, Mr White often mentioned as the executive producer on the album cover. In KOCH her producer has been Alfons Weindorf. 
Her early albums were published in a non-plastic CD-box in 2006 by White Records. The albums are: "Ich zeige dir mein Paradies" (I'll Show You My Paradise), "Eine Rose schenk ich dir...und dieses Lied" (I Give You a Rose ... and This Song), "Irgendwann wird jedes Mädchen mal 17" (Every Girl Turns 17 Sometime), "Mama Lorraine" and "Solang’ ein Mädchen träumen kann" (As Long as a Girl Can Dream), each with original cover artwork.
Lyrics.
The lyrics of Andrea Jürgens' songs are mainly about typical schlager themes, like friendship and love. The divorce theme in her very first hit "Und dabei liebe ich euch beide" (1977) was a major exception. In the German schlager scene divorce was a taboo subject until 1970s; lyrics were mainly about harmonious relationships. During the decade, divorce reforms and public discussion of the reasons and consequences of divorce changed all this.
Awards.
Andrea Jürgens has been awarded with various national music prizes. She has achieved many silver, gold and platinum records for her singles and albums. The album "Weihnachten mit Andrea Jürgens" (Christmas With Andrea Jürgens)has been especially successful having achieved multiple gold and platinum. It has been commercially available throughout the year since its first publication. In 1982 and 1983, Jürgens was granted the Goldene Stimmgabel (Golden Tuning Fork).

</doc>
<doc id="20011400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011400" title="The Shang Grand Tower">
The Shang Grand Tower

The Shang Grand Tower, also known as simply the Shang Tower, is a high-end residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati City, Philippines. It was developed by Shang Properties, Inc.. The 46-storey building was opened in 2006 and rises to 180 metres (630 feet) from the ground to its architectural top. It is currently the 10th-tallest "complete" building in Makati City, and is the 19th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well. The 250-unit condominium was the first self-funded residential condominium of Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts’ Kuok Group in the country, and all units were sold-out as of 2006.
Project Team.
The Shang Grand Tower was designed by international architectural firm Palmer & Turner (P & T) Architects and Engineers Ltd., in cooperation with local architectural firm Recio + Casas Architects; while the structural design was provided by engineering company Ove Arup Philippines, the local branch of international engineering firm Arup. Project and construction management works were provided by Jose Aliling & Associates, and the general contractor is D.M. Consunji, Inc. 
Award-winning international landscape consultants Belt Collins was responsible for its outdoor panoramic designs, while “designers to the hotel and resort industry,” Hospitality and Leisure Asia set the tone for its general interiors.
Design.
The exterior has a post-modern with traditional art deco design with verdant tinted glass, which makes it exteremly noticeable in its location in the Makati Central Business District. 
The building stands on a nearly 2,900 sq.m. of land, and roughly 71,000 sq.m. of floor space will take the shape of letter “z’” with a straight line in the middle. This enables unit owners at the extreme ends of “Z” to have three views of the outside.
The entrance lobbies have marble and granite finishes, and are divided into low zone (from 6th to 26th floor) and high zone (from 27th floor up to the penthouse). Each zone consists of three passenger lifts and one common service lift. 
The low zone consists of two single-bedroom and six 2-bedroom units per floor, while the special high zone from the 27th to the 30th floors, has the same number of units as the low zone. The high zone consists of the 31st and 42nd floors, and have four 3-bedroom units to a floor. The two penthouse floors have two 2-bedroom and two 3-bedroom units each floor. The Grand Penthouses at the 45th floor have two bi-level 4-bedroom units.
Residential units have floors in “engineered wood” Pergo flooring; tiles from Hong Kong; imported granite kitchen countertop; main doors in solid wood and veneered on the surface; picture windows in blue-green tempered glass in powder-coated aluminum frames; underground and overhead water tanks, a standby generator to supply 75 percent of the building’s power needst. Main doors have one side that have a narrow extra door which opens to allow entry or exit of big items for the homes.
The building is purely residential in nature, with no commercial or office space, no bridgeways or walkways to connect it to any commercial and office establishment.
Construction.
The Shang Grand Tower construction began in September 2003, a period wherein the Philippines is still healing from the effects of the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis. Structural works was done at a rate of 1 floor per week, and was topped-off on March 2005. The building was formally completed on November 2005, and was formally opened to the public on March 8, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="20011421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011421" title="Sycuan Institute on Tribal Gaming">
Sycuan Institute on Tribal Gaming

The Sycuan Institute on Tribal Gaming (SITG) at San Diego State University (SDSU) focuses on research, policy studies, and education related to the area of tribal gaming management. The SITG, centered in the largest tribal gambling community in the world, is geared to studying tribal gaming within the broader industry of hospitality and tourism management.
In conjunction with educating students, professionals, tribal personnel and interested others for positions in the tribal gaming industry, the SITG conducts research in tribal gaming and collects benchmarking data. It holds an annual summit on tribal gaming that addresses policy, regulatory issues, trends, social issues and related matters, and conducts community lectures and symposia on topics geared to informing and engaging the community about tribal issues and community conflicts.
Endowment and administration.
The Institute is managed and operated by the interdisciplinary Hospitality and Tourism Management Program at SDSU and supported by an endowment from the tribal council of the Sycuan Band of the Kumeyaay Nation.
Research center.
The Research Center for the SITG is the portion of the institute that is focused on producing and disseminating unbiased research on tribal gaming issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20011469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011469" title="Glåmdalen (newspaper)">
Glåmdalen (newspaper)

Glåmdalen is a local newspaper published in Kongsvinger, Norway. It is named after the district Glåmdalen, and covers southern Hedmark with offices in Solør, Skarnes and Nes, Akershus.
It was established in 1926 as "Kongsvinger Arbeiderblad", and had a connection to the Norwegian Labour Party. It changed its name in 1943, and later became non-partisan. It changed to tabloid format in 1997, and launched its Internet site in 2000.
It is published by the company "Glåmdalen AS", which is owned 100% by A-pressen. It has a circulation of 19,848, of whom 19,217 are subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="20011474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011474" title="Deja Vu (1988 film)">
Deja Vu (1988 film)

Déjà Vu is a 1988 Soviet-Polish comedy thriller that takes place in Soviet Odessa in 1925 and spoofs a lot of gangster films.
Plot.
The plot takes place in 1925. One of Chicago mobsters "Mik Nich" (born as Mikita Nechyporuk) flees to Soviet Odessa to escape the revenge of other mobsters. Mob leaders send the best hit-man Johnny Pollack to Odessa. The killer disguises himself as an American entomology professor "Pollack", which wants to visit the grave of his father in Odessa. 
In search of his victim, Pollack gets the most unbelievable situations arising from the peculiarities of the city of Odessa, as well as from mad historical era. Because he is the first passenger of the ship voyage New York-Odessa, he is assigned to be accompanied by the Komsomol guide Glushko and is besieged by pioneers and journalists. Jumping from the train and hitting his head, Pollack forgets what he is actually doing there (retrograde amnesia), and tries to live up to its cover as an honest professor. Nechyporuk in its turn experiences about the arrival of the killer and is trying to kill him. Pollack is passing periods of regain and loss of memory (a periodical Déjà vu) while trying to track down Nechyporuk.

</doc>
<doc id="20011475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011475" title="Kofi Mensah">
Kofi Mensah

Kofi Mensah (born March 8, 1978 in Koforidua, Ghana) is a Dutch-Ghanaian footballer. He currently plays as a defender for Tema Youth.
Career.
Mensah began his career in 1996 at AFC Ajax. After three years with the club, he moved to NAC Breda. In June 2003, he moved again to ADO Den Haag. Mensah played for Anorthosis Famagusta FC in the 2004-05, but decided to leave after he had not received two months of salary. He then tried to get a contract at FC Emmen, Helmond Sport and SC Cambuur, but in vain. In February 2006, he moved to FC Omniworld until the end of the season.
In 2006, Mensah moved to the Rochester Rhinos in the United States, before returning to Tema Youth of his native Ghana and became the captain.
International.
He has played for the Netherlands U-21 team.
Background.
He was called by AFC Ajax Fans "Kofi "met gebak" Mensah" and in Breda "Kofi "on the rocks" Mensah".

</doc>
<doc id="20011479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011479" title="Guan ju">
Guan ju

Guan ju (: ""Guan" cry the ospreys") is a poem from the ancient anthology "Shi Jing" ("Classic of Poetry"), and is one of the best known poems in Chinese literature. It has been dated to the seventh century BCE, making it also one of China's oldest poems. The title of the poem comes from its first line ("Guan Guan ju jiu"), which evokes a scene of ospreys calling on a river islet. Fundamentally the poem is about finding a good and fair maiden as a match for a young noble. 
"Guan ju" boasts a long tradition of commentaries. Traditional Chinese commentators, represented by the "Three Schools" and the Mao School, hold that the poem contains a moral pertinent to the relationship between genders. However, modern commentators, and some Western sinologists, offers different interpretation.
The poem has been commonly alluded to in later Chinese literature and sometimes even in everyday speech.
Synopsis and structure.
Original Chinese text at Chinese Wikisource () :
"Guan ju" is part of the first section of the "Shi Jing" entitled "Zhou nan" (周南), itself a part of "Airs of the States" (國風), which make up 160 out of the 305 poems of the anthology. It is fairly typical of the other poems of the Airs of the States, being made up of three tetrasyllabic stanzas of four to eight lines each. 
Each stanza begins with a natural image, which is juxtaposed without comment to the human situation around which the poem centres. The first stanza begins with the onomatopoeic cry of ospreys: 
<poem>
</poem>
The stanza then rehearses formulaic lines, drawn from the human context:
<poem>
</poem>
The entire poem consists of a series of isolated episodes which can be linked into a continuous narrative. It alternates between natural images and human situations, two literally unrelated frames of reference. One set of formulaic lines refers to a male-female relationship:
<poem>
</poem>
Lines 9-12 intrude upon the formulaic scheme, making the poem asymmetrical:
<poem>
</poem>
The human elements of the poem (lines 3-4, 7-12, 15-16, 19-20) can read as either a first or third person narrative. If such a reading is taken, the poem begins with a statement of the male persona's longing for an ideal beloved in the first stanza, depicts the withholding of fulfillment in the second, and concludes with an eventual realisation of these desires in the third stanza.
The other set of formulaic lines describe, in vividly physical and tangible action, the rustic world of harvesting plants, incrementally varying the key verb of physical activity:
<poem>
</poem>
This usage of natural images in juxtaposition to human situations was given the term "xing" (興) by early commentators, and was regarded as one of the three rhetorical devices of the "Shi Jing". It is not easy to find an equivalent in Western literature, but "xing" can be explained as a method of creating the mood, atmosphere or context within which the remainder of the poem takes place, and which exerts influence over the possible meanings of the rest of the poem’s action. It has variously been translated as "stimulus", "stimulates", and "motif". Although there is no historical evidence to prove that the composer of "Guan ju" were intentionally employing such a rhetorical device, there have been a myriad of interpretations as to the purpose of the "xing".
Traditional interpretations.
The earliest known commentary on "Guan ju" is contained in the "Analects", and is attributed to Confucius. Confucius praises "Guan ju" for its moderated emotions: "The Master said, "In the "Guan ju" there is joy without wantonness and sorrow without self-injury." Brooks and Brooks date this portion of the "Analects" to 342 BCE, and this may have been when "Guan ju" first came to prominence. The Confucians were responsible for the tendency of much orthodox criticism to regard not only the "Shi Jing" but all literature in general as morally edifying or didactic in some way. One legend held that Confucius himself had selected the songs in the "Shi Jing" from an original pool of three thousand based on their moral import.
From early on the poems of the "Shi Jing" were used for their moral communicative value. There were, however, striking disagreements among early scholars as to how to interpret "Guan ju". In pre-Qin times, at three textual traditions - the "Three Schools of the Poems" (詩三家) of Lu, Qi, and Han - existed. These interpretations of "Guan ju" were eventually superseded by the Han Dynasty Mao commentarial tradition, which is the only tradition that has survived into the modern era in its entirety.
The Lu school reading.
The first exegetical tradition saw "Guan ju" as a poem of political criticism. Although the "Guan ju" itself offers no hint of a satirical intent, commentators from the Lu school explain that the poem criticises the improper behaviour of King Kang of Zhou and his wife (eleventh century BCE) by presenting contrasting, positive images of male-female decorum. The Lu school held that King Kang had committed an egregious violation of ritual by being late for court one morning. The earliest references to it are in Liu Xiang's "Lienü zhuan" (16 BCE) and Wang Chong's "Lun heng". However, the nature of Kang's offence is best preserved in a memorial by Yang Ci in Yuan Hong's "Hou Han ji": 
The Lu school reading evolved further towards the end of the Han dynasty. Zhang Chao, in his "Qiao 'Qingyi fu'" names the minister alluded to in "Lun heng", as the Duke of Bi (畢公). According to Zhang Chao's version of the Lu tradition, the Duke of Bi's purpose was "to prevent degeneracy and reproach its progress, / Tacfully criticised and admonished the lord, his father." In other words, "Guan ju" could be read as both a poem of praise, extolling the excellent match of the beautiful and good young lady and the lord, and as a poem of criticism, intended to cause the listener, King Kang, to reflect on his and his consort's shortcomings. 
Brief references to the dating of the poem to King Kang's reign appear in "Shi Ji" China's first universal history. The historian Sima Qian wrote, "Alas! When the house of Zhou was in decline, the "Guan ju" was composed." However, as Wang Chong and modern scholars have pointed out, this appears to conflict with Sima's own account of King Kang's reign, which records no deficiencies or evidence of decline. 
The Lu school interpretation was probably the dominant one during the Han Dynasty. It persisted well into the fifth century, even appearing in Fan Ye's "Hou Han Shu" (completed before CE 445), but was eventually eclipsed by the Mao school.
The Mao school reading.
The second interpretive tradition, and the one which became dominant, chose to read "Guan ju" as a poem of praise, and specifically of the queen of the founder of the Zhou dynasty, King Wen. This reading is called the Mao school, after Mao Heng and Mao Chang, early annotators to the "Shi Jing". Their notes to the "Shi Jing", along with those of later scholars who agreed with them, were edited by Kong Yingda and published in the seventh century as "Mao shi zheng yi" (毛詩正義). The Mao School explains the poem as a purposeful analogy, and identifies the young lady as King Wen's queen Taisi (太姒). It reads the images of picking water grasses as literal descriptions of the queen's activities in preparation for ritual sacrifices. The preface to the poem, attributed to Wei Hong and generally including along with the Mao text, explains the meaning of "Guan ju":
The prefaces to the remaining ten poems in the "Zhou nan", the first section of the "Shi Jing", all describe the songs as referring to one or another aspect of the queen's virtuous influence.
One century after the Maos, Zheng Xuan introduced an interesting twist to the Mao interpretation. In his eyes the "pure young lady" refers not to the queen herself, but rather to palace ladies whom their mistress, in her virtuous and jealousy-free seclusion, is seeking as additional mates for the king. Thus it's she who tosses and turns until finding them.
The influential Song Dynasty Neo-Confucian Zhu Xi largely agreed with the Mao school, but added a remark that the poem was composed not by some unknown poet but by the ladies of the royal palace. He also differs with the Mao school by reading the scenes depicting the picking of water grasses not as literal, but as juxtaposed, analogical images like the opening couplet.
Other readings.
Not all traditional readings considered that "Guan ju" contained political and allegorical references. The excavation in 1973 of the text known as Wuxingpian (五行篇) at the Han Dynasty tomb of Mawangdui revealed a style of Confucian thinking which focused more on the moral and emotional messages evoked by the everyday human situations found in the lyrics. The Wuxingpian explains "Guan ju" as a poem about sexual desire, more specifically, the inherent human moral urge to regulate one's sexual desire to accord with the mores of one's community. The approach is equally concerned with the business of moral didacticism, but directed to inherent personal morality, rather than the learned morality of blameless or reprehensible political figures, as in the Mao commentary.
Modern interpretations.
In the second half of the nineteenth century, Western sinologists and literary scholars began to study the "Shi Jing". While some of the first, including the Jesuit Seraphin Couvreur, the first translator of the text into French, persisted with readings based on the Mao school’s interpretation, the majority of Western scholarship has sought novel hermeneutic approaches.
James Legge, who published one of the poem's early English translations in 1871, rejected the explanatory prefaces to the poems in the Mao text, "to follow which would reduce many of them to absurd enigmas".
The late twentieth century scholar Qu Wanli (屈萬里) takes "Guan ju" as expressing the emotional anxiety and excitement of a man about to be married, whose wife is greeted at the end of the poem with the ceremonial rites of the wedding as signified by the musical instruments.
The French translator Marcel Granet saw "Guan ju", among with the other "Airs of the States", as lyrics accompanying physical festivities. In his 1911 study "Fêtes et Chansons anciennes de la Chine", Granet declared that he excluded "all interpretations which are symbolic or which imply subtlety in the poet." Granet reads the poem as a record of a rural festival involving boys and girls beginning to court each other. The opening image of birds calling to each other is taken by Granet as a metaphor for the young couples, hiding away to seduce each other in private. The final sections of the poem, describing musical instruments are, in Granet’s schema, elements of a feast at the end of the festival - a ceremonial conclusion to the rural gathering.
Arthur Waley agreed with Granet that traditional readings distort the "true nature" of the poems, but he did point out that it was facilitated by the multivalent meanings of words and social practices. For Waley, the "Shi Jing" was a diverse collection which does not necessarily display a unified function, and, as such, cannot be approached merely with one reading strategy.
C. H. Wang has been vehemently critical of what he calls "a manifest distortion of this classic anthology" and argues that the earliest definition of poetry in Chinese tradition (in "Shang Shu") links it with song rather than ethics. He considers that the "Shi Jing" poems have their roots in oral transmission rather than literary composition, and directed contested the claims of the Mao school that the poems are the product of specific authors referring to specific events in their lives.
Pauline Yu rejects the notion that there is any form of allegory in "Guan ju".
However, not all Western sinologists agree. Edward L. Shaughnessy argues that "Guan ju" is an example of "correlative thought" in traditional Chinese thinking:
Legacy.
"Guan ju" has been the subject of countless allusions over the centuries. Cai Yong (died 192) is one of the earliest to do in his "Qingyi fu" (青衣賦), a poem celebrating the illicit love between a maid and the poem's male persona: "With the purity of "The Calling Ospreys" / She does not act perverse or contrary".
"Guan ju" remains a popular subject of study for sinologists and graduate students in Chinese studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20011488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011488" title="Paul Poon">
Paul Poon

Paul Poon Tak-Chun (traditional Chinese: 潘德俊) (born 12.03.1971) is a racing driver from Hong Kong, China. He is the current Hong Kong Touring Car Championship champion. He drives a Honda Civic EP3 for "China Dragon Racing".
Paul Poon is also the winner of the two previous editions of the "CTM Cup" (also known as Macau Cup) in 2006 and 2007, a race organized for the leading Asian touring car drivers.
In 2003, Paul Poon entered the international Macau Guia race for Super Production cars, using a car built by Mardi Gras Motorsport in the United Kingdom, as the Hong Kong Touring Car Championship winner. He finished 7th, the highest finishing position for a Hong Kong driver in that race.
In 2004, Paul Poon entered the Macau Guia race again. He did not finish in either Race 1 or 2.
For 2005, Paul Poon hired a BMW 320i to take part in the World Touring Car Championship finale in Macau, but he failed to qualify for the race.
In both 2006 and 2007, Paul went back to race in the Super Production class. He won the CTM Macau Cup with China Dragon Racing both times. In 2006 he won the race by just 0.003 second from arch rival Kenneth Look. In 2007 he just managed to fend off the charging Masaki Kano's BMW 320i, winning by 0.198 second.
In 2008, Paul attempted to complete a hat-trick of CTM Macau Cup victories, after winning the Hong Kong Touring Car Championship again. But he failed to win.
In 2012, Paul Poon led a China Dragon Racing 1-2 in qualifying for the CTM Macau Touring Car Cup, leading team-mate and 2011 race winner Samson Fung in the qualifying session. He then won the 2012 CTM Macau Touring Car Cup race, fighting off the advances of Team Pro Spec driver Andy Yan.
Asian GT Masters and Macau GT Cup.
In 2009, he joined PaSa Racing to race a Ferrari 430 GT3 in the Asian GT Masters series and the Macau GT Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20011491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011491" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 2)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 2)

The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner West Germany qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Helmut Schön

Head coach: Lennart Nyman
Head coach: Argyrios Gavalas

</doc>
<doc id="20011493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011493" title="Thevannoor">
Thevannoor

Thevannoor is a village near Ayoor in Kollam district, Kerala, India.
History.
Thevannoor got its name from the malayalam usage "Thevante Ooru " which means "Home Of God " The old village was all inside the Elamadu Panchayathu on four sides with the Thevannoor Devi Kshethram at the center. 
Significance.
Thevannoor as it is known in Malayalam, is today literally the heart of Elamadu. It is linked by MC Road to Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam , and is the point of diversion to Kottarakkara Sree Mahaganapathi Temple. The Panchayath's main Govt.School , as well as the Village Knowledge center, (for long distance buses) are both a few minute walk from the Thalirmankunnu Devi Temple, so are most of as well as top cultural venues like Nethaji Smaraka Grandhashala.Some of other major landmarks are Chettupara a 3 layered rock structure which has the footage of Lord Rama, Nethaji Memorial Library.Chettupara gives a recreational comfort to passengers as well as others is just 50 meters ahead of G.H.S.S Thevannoor.
External links.
Thevannoor Ganesh S

</doc>
<doc id="20011497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011497" title="Raoul II, Lord of Coucy">
Raoul II, Lord of Coucy

Raoul II, Lord of Coucy (died 1250) was a son of Enguerrand III and his wife Maria of Oisy. In 1246 he succeeded his father as lord of Coucy. Raoul died at the siege of El Mansoura in Egypt during the Seventh Crusade.
Raoul married Elisabeth, daughter of Walter III of Châtillon, and later re-married to Philippe of Dammartin, daughter of Simon of Dammartin.

</doc>
<doc id="20011509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011509" title="Hugh Hordern">
Hugh Hordern

The Rt Rev. Hugh Maudslay Hordern was the sixth Bishop of Lewes. He was the great-grandson of the inventor Henry Maudslay and one of the founders of the Maudslay Society. He was born on 28 September 1868 and educated at Winchester and Christ Church College, Oxford. He married Edith Augusta Sandeman, daughter of John Glas Sandeman. He began his career with a Curacy at Warnham after which he was Rector of Singleton, West Sussex before World War I service as a Chaplain to the Forces. From here he was Vicar of St Nicholas, Brighton and then Archdeacon of Lewes before elevation to the Episcopate in 1929, serving eventually for seventeen years. He died in post on 25 March 1949. His grandson Peter Hordern was Member of Parliament (MP) for Horsham from 1964 to 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20011512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011512" title="Franc Jozeph Island">
Franc Jozeph Island

Franz Jozeph Island (), is an island located at the mouth of the Buna River in Albania. The island is made up of rich alluvial soil and becomes a peninsula depending on the size of the Bojana's flow. This island is an important nesting ground for many seabirds, especially the Ardeidae family.
The island is low ground covered with a sandy seashore and dominated by alder trees. The trees are 75 years of age and reach a height of . The island receives few foreign tourists and attracts for its quietness.
The name was given to the island by Austrian cartographers in 1870. It is believed that the island were set this name in honor of the Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20011513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011513" title="Simon, Count of Ponthieu">
Simon, Count of Ponthieu

Simon of Dammartin (1180 – 21 September 1239) was a son of Alberic II of Dammartin (Aubry de Dammartin) and his wife Mathildis of Clermont.
Biography.
Simon was the brother of Renaud I, Count of Dammartin, who had abducted the heiress of Boulogne, and forced her to marry him. It is thought that in order to strengthen the alliance with the Dammartins, King Philip Augustus of France allowed Simon to marry Marie, Countess of Ponthieu, who was a niece of the king, in 1208. Renaud and Simon of Dammartin would eventually ally themselves with John, King of England. In 1214 the brothers stood against Philip Augustus in the Battle of Bouvines. The French won the battle, and Renaud was imprisoned, while Simon was exiled.
Marie's father William IV, Count of Ponthieu had remained loyal to Philip Augustus. When William died in 1221, Philip Augustus denied Marie her inheritance and gave Ponthieu in custody to his cousin Robert III, Count of Dreux. After the death of Philip Augustus, Marie was able to negotiate an agreement with his successor Louis VIII in 1225. Ponthieu was held by the king, and Simon would only be allowed to enter this or any other fief if he obtained royal permission. In 1231 Simon agreed to the terms and added that he would not enter into marriage negotiations for his daughters without consent of the king.
Family.
Simon married Marie, Countess of Ponthieu, the daughter of William IV, Count of Ponthieu and Alys, Countess of the Vexin. Marie became Countess of Ponthieu in 1221.
Simon and his wife Marie had four daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="20011536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011536" title="Walter III of Châtillon">
Walter III of Châtillon

Walter III of Châtillon (1166 - 1219) was a French nobleman. He was son of Guy II of Châtillon-sur-Marne and Adelheid of Dreux.
In 1196 he married Elisabeth (1180-1212), daughter of Hugo IV, Count of Saint-Pol and in 1205, he succeeded his father-in-law as count of Saint-Pol.
Walter was the father of:

</doc>
<doc id="20011537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011537" title="Young Pluto">
Young Pluto

Young Pluto, later Joe Pluto, was a South African-born featherweight boxer, who lived in Australia for most of his life. His career record was 17-9-12. Born Joseph William Dudley Brown, 10 July 1872 in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, he died on 3 March 1931 at Cottesloe, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, after a long heart-related illness. He was buried at the Karrakatta Cemetery.
Early Life.
Contemporary sources give Pluto's birth details variously as: 
In a 1927 co-authored newspaper article Pluto stated he was born in South Africa.
A modern South African source indicates that he was born on 10 July 1872 in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
Pluto worked on tug-boats as a boy, and was apprenticed to a racing stable, where he rode winners at a light weight.
Career.
In Port Elizabeth, South Africa at age 14 Pluto won 2 four rounders against Young Sultan and Young Berry. He stowed away on the "E J Spense", a ship bound for Melbourne, and settled in Port Melbourne. He found work with Caulfield racing trainer T. Brown. He attended the Lyceum Athletic Hall in Fitzroy and was matched with South Melbourne footballer Dick Doran, and with Clancy. His boxing career in NSW got off to a good start when he beat Young Browne in Newcastle, and then had a draw and a win against Young Scott. In 1888 and 1889, he fought Young Griffo to 5 straight draws. One of these fights lasted for seventy rounds. It had been decided beforehand that if both boxers were still standing that it would be declared a draw, however, it was accepted that Young Griffo had been the better boxer during the fight. 
Pluto moved to Western Australia in 1893. He worked as a battery attendant and physical trainer at the Bayley's Reward Gold Mine at Coolgardie. In 1894 he beat Benny Marks to win the Western Australian lightweight title at Coolgardie's Theatre Royal. In 1898 he left Australia for the Klondike Gold Rush in the Yukon. His first bout was against Californian boxer Kid Williams in Dawson City, which he won. His next bout was against George Dixon for the World Featherweight title. He lost to a knockout in the 10th round. He was the first South African to fight for a world title. He went on to lose his next six bouts, in the USA and the United Kingdom. 
Retirement.
Pluto returned to Western Australia in 1909, where he married and settled down. His last professional bout was in 1911 at Fremantle, with a knockout win over Alec Rogers. In retirement he worked as a boxing instructor in public schools, ran a poultry farm in Redcliffe and worked on local racecourse ground staff. Pluto had three sons and three daughters, including Bill and Cyril Pluto, who became noted welterweight boxers. Cyril, who also fought as "Young Pluto", was welterweight and middleweight champion of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20011538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011538" title="A2 motorway (Slovenia)">
A2 motorway (Slovenia)

The A2 motorway () is a motorway in Slovenia, around 175 km long, connecting the Karavanke Tunnel (at the Austrian border) via the capital city Ljubljana to Obrežje (at the Croatian border, near Zagreb). It connects several major Slovene cities, including Kranj, Ljubljana, and Novo Mesto, and is part of Pan-European Corridor X.
The route of the motorway largely follows the path of the Brotherhood and Unity Highway, which was a two-lane non-divided road constructed as the main traffic artery within Yugoslavia. With the construction of the divided motorway, most of the previous road was demolished. A notable exception can be seen on the southern A2 segment between Grosuplje and Višnja Gora, where the previous road was grandfathered into the motorway system; it lacks a hard shoulder and has sharp turns and an exit ramp with a 10% grade. The northern segment between Višnja Gora and Grosuplje follows a completely different path, with three traffic lanes and a relatively lower grade.

</doc>
<doc id="20011550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011550" title="Marty Robbins discography">
Marty Robbins discography

The discography of country music singer Marty Robbins consists of 52 studio albums, 13 compilation albums, and 100 singles. In his career, Robbins has charted 17 Number One singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, as well as 82 Top 40 singles. 
Robbin's highest charting album is 1959's "Gunfighter Ballads and Trail Songs". It charted to #6 on the all-genre "Billboard" 200, and was also certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album's first single, "El Paso", become a hit on both the country and pop charts, charting to Number One on the Hot Country Songs as well as the Billboard Hot 100. Although being his only pop Number One, in 1957, "A White Sport Coat" charted to #2, and in 1961, "Don't Worry" charted to #3. 
Since his death in 1982, four posthumous studio album have been released, although they didn't make an impact on the charts. His final Top 10 single was "Honkytonk Man" in 1982, which is the title of the film Robbins had starred in. However, he died shortly before the release of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20011552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011552" title="Stadionul Municipal (Sibiu)">
Stadionul Municipal (Sibiu)

Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Sibiu, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 14,200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20011567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011567" title="County of Saint-Pol">
County of Saint-Pol

The county of Saint-Pol (or "Sint-Pols") was a county around the French city of Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise ("Sint-Pols-aan-de-Ternas") on the border of Artois and Picardy, formerly the county of Ternois.
For a long time the county belonged to the county of Flanders, and then from the early 11th century until the end of the 12th century it remained in the hands of the Campdavaine family, before passing to the Châtillon family then the Luxemburg family.
The best-known count was Louis of Saint-Pol, "the constable of Saint-Pol". He was extradited to Louis XI of France by Charles the Bold, and in 1475 Louis beheaded him for high treason. Charles V destroyed the city in 1537. The county was annexed to France in 1659 by the Treaty of the Pyrenees.

</doc>
<doc id="20011571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011571" title="Zamora Memorial College">
Zamora Memorial College

Zamora Memorial College (formerly the Zamora Memorial Institute) is a private school in Bacacay, Albay, Philippines, that offers secondary and tertiary education. Founded in 1948 by Crispin Bermas Vergara, Sr., its name commemorates Friar Juan Zamora of Tayabas, Quezon, the founder of the first collegiate school in Albay.
Course offerings.
The college department offers the following degree courses:
1. Bachelor of Elementary Education
2. Bachelor of Secondary Education with majors in "Guidance and Counseling, English, Makabayan and Music, Arts, Physical Education and Health." 
3. Bachelor of Arts in English Language
Scholarship grants.
High School Department
1. Educational Service Contracting (ESC)
2. Edgardo V. Lawenko Scholarship
3. Cong. Edcel C. Lagman Scholarship
4. CSCDI Scholarship
College Department
1. Albay Higher Education Contribution Scheme
Facilities.
College buildings include "The Cora Vergara Hall", provided by Corazon B. Vergara, a former U.S. clinical psychologist and Fulbright Scholar, and daughter of the founder. It also has the Arsenio B. Vergara Gymnasium, library, science laboratories, workshops and botanical gardens.
The College was hit twice during the 2006 Typhoon Season; by Typhoon Milenio in September, and Typhoon Reming in December, causing considerable damage.
Achievements.
The school produced graduates who have excelled in their respective fields. One notable alumna is Christine S. Bellen, a professor at Ateneo de Manila University who authored the illustrated anthology of ""Mga Kwento ni Lola Basyang."" 
It also produced alumni who were recognized as Ten Outstanding Teachers of Albay. They were:
1. Marcial Bellen (10 Outstanding Teachers of Albay 2009)
2. Ruben Cenita (10 Outstanding Teachers of Albay 2010)
3. Rommel Marquez (10 Outstanding Teachers of Albay 2012)
It is also the alma mater of several municipal mayors of Bacacay, namely:
1. Atty. Alberto B. Lawenko (1989 to 1992) 
2. Gloria B. Berango (2001 to 2010) 
3. Tobias Betito (2010 to present)
It also produced so many priest-alumni among others are
1. Msgr. Crispin Bernarte
2. Fr. Diogenes Barja
3. Fr. Ruben Barrameda
4. Fr. Bernard Banares
5. Fr. Benjamin Belgica

</doc>
<doc id="20011599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011599" title="Bateshwar">
Bateshwar

Bateshwar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20011601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011601" title="Kavarna Wind Farm">
Kavarna Wind Farm

The Kavarna Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Kavarna, Bulgaria. It will have 100 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 200 MW of power, enough to power over 79,800 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 450 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011624" title="Tikijhya">
Tikijhya

Tiki Jhya (Devanagari: तिकि झ्या:) derived its name from the Newari language word for a four-divisional square window. These types of windows are basically used in the ancient temples, palace, and other traditional places of Nepal. It is usually made of wood carved with traditional designs. Tourists can find these types of windows in temples and palaces. Kathmandu, Patan, and Bhaktapur Durbar Squares are the best place to visit and see these types of windows.

</doc>
<doc id="20011633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011633" title="Larrikin Records">
Larrikin Records

Larrikin Records is a record company founded in 1974 by Warren Fahey. Larrikin started as an independent label and was sold in 1995 to Festival Records.
Artists who have released albums on Larrikin include Eric Bogle, Sirocco, Mike and Michelle Jackson, Bobby McLeod, Kev Carmody, Flying Emus, Robyn Archer, Redgum, Margret RoadKnight, Jeannie Lewis, Mark Atkins, Renée Geyer, Rank Strangers, The Sweets of Sin and Richard Frankland.
"Kookaburra" controversy.
The Larrikin Records label became famous in 2009 after Larrikin Music sued the band Men At Work for allegedly using part of the melody of the song "Kookaburra Sits in the Old Gum Tree," whose publishing rights are held by Larrikin Music, in the music of their hit "Down Under".
Warren Fahey, the former owner of both Larrikin Music and Larrikin Records, has always refuted claims that he was personally responsible for the action (see, eg ABC/Rebel Studio DVD 3747195 "Larrikin Lad—Warren Fahey") and "Larrikin Records and Larrikin Music Founder Speaks Out", Australian Folk Lore Unit website, 9 February 2010. Fahey had sold his music publishing company, Larrikin Music, to Music Sales Corporation in 1988 and Larrikin Records to Festival Music in 1995 (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warren_Fahey).
On February 2010, the Federal Court ruled in Larrikin's favor and on 10 July 2010, Justice Jacobsen ordered Men At Work frontman Colin Hay, fellow songwriter Ron Strykert and EMI to pay Larrikin 5 per cent of future profits, as well as royalties dating back to 2002. EMI appealed the ruling, while Colin Hay "slammed" the court's decision, claiming it "will hamper musical creativity across the industry.".
Larrikin's former owner Warren Fahey responded to the wide criticism against the court's decision and to Colin Hay's verbal attacks, by suggesting that Larrikin "gift this song to the nation. Fahey said that Larrikin "should be entitled to collect an appropriate settlement" but then "should allow the song its own life so as to ensure future young Australians can sing and perform it for generations to come, without limitation.
Norm Lurie, the managing director of Music Sales, Larrikin’s parent company, defended the court action. He stated, "Of course it would be disengenuous for me to say that there wasn’t a financial aspect involved, you could just as easily say what has won out today is the importance of checking before using other people’s copyrights." He added, ironically, "I’d hope that Colin [Hay and the other writers of Men At Work don’t have a problem with people using some of their material for financial gain."

</doc>
<doc id="20011641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011641" title="Plambeck Bulgarian Wind Farm">
Plambeck Bulgarian Wind Farm

The German wind farm developer Plambeck Neue Energien founded a Bulgarian Joint Venture in 2008. This Joint Venture actually develops several wind farm projects. The medium term target is to find wind farm sites with a capacity for wind turbines with a nominal output of together up to 250 MW with a capital investment required of up to US$ 450 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011643" title="House of Châtillon">
House of Châtillon

The House of Châtillon was a notable French family, with origins in the 9th century and surviving until 1762. The name comes from a county in Champagne, with its capital in Châtillon-sur-Marne and branches in Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise, Blois, Penthièvre, Chartres, etc. 
The counts of Châtillon added to their title that of "prince of Porcien". The main members of the house are:
This house is totally distinct from the house of Châtillon-sur-Loing, which produced (among others) the Coligny brothers : Gaspard, François and cardinal Odet.

</doc>
<doc id="20011648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011648" title="Flying Emus">
Flying Emus

Flying Emus were an Australian country/bluegrass band. They won the 1988 ARIA Music Award for Best Country Album for their album "This Town". They won CMAA Country Music Awards in 1986 (Instrumental of the Year and Vocal Group or Duo of the Year), 1987 (Instrumental of the Year and Vocal Group or Duo of the Year), 1988 (Instrumental of the Year) and 1991 (Instrumental of the Year). Members include Mike Kerin, Ian Simpson, John Kane, Genni Kane, Graham Thompson (ex-Stars), Malcolm Wakeford, Hanuman Dass, Michael Vidale and Wayne Goodwin.
The band's song "I Just Want To Dance With You" was made famous by George Strait on his "One Step At A Time" album.
In January 2013, at the CMAA Australian Country Music awards at Tamworth, New South Wales, John Kane announced during the awards ceremony that there was likely to be a new Flying Emus greatest hits album before long. The crowd erupted with applause, as the band's recordings have been out of print for some time and are now difficult to find.
In December 2013, the Flying Emus announced a reunion tour for January 2014 with the 4 original members (John and Genni Kane, Ian Simpson and Mike Kerin) with Michael Vidale. A new greatest hits album 'Flying Emus the Collection' is due for release through Warner Music on 10 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20011651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011651" title="Andrea Guerra (footballer)">
Andrea Guerra (footballer)

Andrea Guerra (born 4 September 1972) is a former Italian footballer.
Biography.
Born in Bolzano, South Tyrol, Guerra started his career at Veneto club Hellas Verona. He made his Serie A debut on 15 September 1991, against Internazionale. he substituted Marino Magrin in the 59th minutes. He also played his second appearance on 3 November 1991, replaced Paolo Piubelli in the 53rd minutes. The match Verona 1-1 draw with Parma.
After Verona relegated in June 1992, Guerra left for Serie C1 side Salernitana. In the 1993–94 season, Guerra returned to Verona, which he became a regular starter at Serie B. In the 1994–95 season, he left for city rival and Serie B newcomer ChievoVerona. Guerra won promotion to Serie A (historic the first one for Chievo) in the 2000–01 season, under coach Luigi Delneri, although he was injured a missed most of the season.
On 22 August 2001, Guerra left for Serie B newcomer Palermo in co-ownership deal, where he played 33 times in the league.
After Maurizio Zamparini purchased the Sicily side in July, Zamparini bought some players from Venezia which he had previous owned, and sent Palermo's Daniele Amerini and Guerra back to Venezia along with Igor Budan and Evans Soligo who purchased from Venezia.
Guerra was not included in the squad in 2003–04 season.
In 2004–05, Guerra left for hometown club F.C. Südtirol. He played two seasons at Serie C2.
In July 2007, he was signed by Serie C1 side Monza.
In the next season, he left for Eccellenza Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol side Merano and in the 2008–09 season for Serie D side Bolzano, both located in South Tyrol. But in November he was released.

</doc>
<doc id="20011656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011656" title="Kell Brook">
Kell Brook

Ezekiel Brinsly Reid "Kell" Brook 3 May 1986 is an English professional boxer from Sheffield who fights in the welterweight division. He is a former holder of the British welterweight title and the WBO Inter-continental title at the same weight and presently holds the WBA version of the inter-continental title. In 2009 he was voted Britain's young boxer of the year by the Boxing Writer's club. Brook is also known to be a huge fan of Sheffield United. He is currently ranked by Ring Magazine as the number 5 welterweight in the world behind champion Floyd Mayweather Jr., Timothy Bradley, Juan Manuel Marquez, and Manny Pacquiao, and is the number one welterweight in Great Britain. He is known for his rivalry with Amir Khan and is the mandatory challenger for the IBF World Welterweight Title, presently held by Shawn Porter.
Professional career.
Brook's first fight as a professional took place in September 2004 with a 6 round points victory over experienced journeyman Peter Buckley at the Don Valley Stadium in Sheffield. He would fight again four more times that year to end 2004 with a record of 5-0 in just four months. Brook went about learning his trade against a host of journeymen before getting the opportunity in June 2008 to fight for the British title having compiled a winning record of 16-0.
British Champion.
The championship fight at London's York Hall saw Kell Brook take on Welshman Barrie Jones for the vacant crown. The fight was not without controversy however as the previous incumbent, Kevin McIntyre, had been stripped of the title after he sustained an injury and had to pull out of his scheduled defence against the Yorkshireman. Brook ended up winning the vacant belt with a 7th round stoppage of Jones who had come in at relatively short notice.
Having won the belt Brook was then ordered to face the former champion and the bout took take place in Glasgow's Kelvin Hall on 14 November 2008. Prior to the fight and referring to the bad blood that has built up between the two fighter's Brook said ""Once I knock out McIntyre in style then there will be no question mark over who should be British champion."" When the fight finally did happen, Brook put McIntyre down three times in the first round to win by TKO to send the Glasgow crowd home disappointed.
On 30 January 2009 Brook returned to the York Hall to meet former marine Stuart Elwell in a voluntary second defence. The fight again ended quickly when the referee stopped the fight in the 2nd round handing victory to Brook. He claimed the Lonsdale belt outright on 20 July 2009 when making his third defence against Prizefighter winner Michael Lomax. The fight, at the MEN Arena in Manchester, was on the undercard to Amir Khan's world championship victory over Andreas Kotelnik and saw Brook win by stoppage in the third round. After the fight Brook said that he believed he was the best in Britain but couldn't say for sure until he's beaten Chorley's Michael Jennings who he challenged to a match-up.
Young boxer of the year.
On 25 September 2009, Brook pipped fellow champion Nathan Cleverly for the prestigious title of young British boxer of the year voted for by the Boxing Writer's club. The vote was the closest in the history of the award with Brook claiming the honour by one vote over Cleverly who held both the British and Commonwealth titles at light-heavyweight. In winning the award Brook joined a list of boxers which included the likes of Ken Buchanan, John H Stracey, Barry McGuigan, Nigel Benn, Naseem Hamed, Joe Calzaghe and Amir Khan.
WBO Intercontinental champion.
Brook's first fight of 2010 took place in Liverpool on 12 March 2010. The fight, for the WBO Intercontinental title, pitched Brook against Poland's Krzysztof Bienias, a man last beaten by Junior Witter in 2005 and with a run of seventeen straight wins. Brook collected his second career title when in the sixth round the fight was stopped by the referee following a dominant display by the Yorkshireman. Brook's long awaiting fight against Michael Jennings was due to be next on 3 July 2010 until a rib injury forced the fight to be postponed for a second time. The fight, for Brook's British belt was then scheduled to take place between Jennings and former Commonwealth champion John O'Donnell before O'Donnell pulled out and was then re-scheduled between Brook and Jennings. Finally on 18 September 2010 Brook boxed Michael Jennings at the LG arena in Birmingham. Kell won the fight in round 5 following a bad cut above the eye sustained by Jennings which the referee deemed bad enough to stop the fight. The win doubled as Brooks's fourth defence of the British title and his first defence of the inter-continental belt. On 9 December 2010 Brook made his second defence of the inter-continental title beating Ghana's Phillip Kotey with the referee waving the fight off during the second round. The win ensured that Brook kept his number one ranking with the World Boxing Organisation.
Move to Matchroom.
On 8 April 2011 Brook split from promoter Frank Warren and joined the Matchroom Sport boxing stable under Eddie Hearn with Brook saying that he was "really buzzing" to have joined the outfit. Hearn said that he was "excited about adding Kell to our stable" which had also recently signed Jamie Jackson former amateur British light welterweight champion now turned professional trainer. Speaking of Brook he said "Kell oozes class and has that something special about him – in short he is going to be a superstar." Brook's first contest for the promotional outfit was on 25 June 2011 at the Hillsborough Leisure Centre in Sheffield and resulted in a unanimous 12 round points decision against Lovemore N'dou, claiming the WBA version of the inter-continental title in the process.
"The War of the Roses" vs Matthew Hatton.
On 17 March 2012, Kell Brook took his undefeated run to 27 fights by beating Matthew Hatton brother of Ricky Hatton on points in Sheffield. The scores were 119-107, 119-108 and 118-109 all in favour of Brook. In front of nearly 10,000 fans at the Motorpoint Arena, Brook added the IBF International welterweight title to his WBA Inter-Continental crown. Brook floored Hatton in the ninth round but could not knock out his Mancunian opponent. The fight gave record breaking viewing figures for Sky's Fight Night Live programme it was also the most watched fight of the year in Britain. Afterwards he said on the prospect of facing Khan: "Of course I want Khan, I've been banging on about Amir Khan, but I'm going to do my own thing and if that fight happens, it happens, and I'll smash him. I want to be fighting at that top table now with elite fighters. I think I've proved I deserve to be there."
"Edge of Glory" vs Carson Jones.
Brook faced American Carson Jones at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield on Saturday 7 July 2012. Eddie Hearn's Matchroom Sport promoted the fight with it being billed "Edge of Glory" as both fighters saw this fight as a stepping stone to a shot at a world title. The fight was shown live on Sky Sports 1. The weigh in took place in Sheffield's Winter Gardens on 6 July with Brook weighing in at 10 st 6 lb 10 oz (60.16 kg) and Jones weighing slightly less at 10 st 6 lb 6 oz (60.04 kg). Brook dominated the early rounds moving well and connecting regularly with nice two and three punch combinations however as the fight went on he begin to tire and Jones was able to land shots of his own. Brook's nose was broken in the 8th round which made it yet more difficult for him to come back into the fight. He was almost floored in the final round but was able to hold on until the bell. Brook did enough in the early rounds to win the fight by majority decision, as the judge's scorecards read 114-114, 116-113 and 115-113 in Brook's favour. Brook was taken to Hospital after the fight due to blood loss from his broken nose.
"This Is It" vs Hector Saldivia.
In August 2012 Matchroom Sport announced that Brook would face Argentinian veteran Hector Saldivia at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield on 20 October 2012. The winner would then become the mandatory challenger for the IBF World Welterweight Title held at the time by Randall Bailey. At a packed weigh in the day before the fight at Sheffield's Meadowhall Centre both fighters weighed in under the 147 lbs limit. Brook started strongly knocking Saldivia down midway through the first round. The second round was very similar with Saldivia unable to deal with Brook's superior accuracy and power. In the third Brook landed a solid well timed straight which sent the Argentinian to the floor again. This time he struggled to get up as his legs wobbled beneath him and the referee stopped the contest in the third round. Later on that evening at the Barclays Center in New York Devon Alexander beat Randall Bailey to take Bailey's IBF Welterweight Title.
World Title Challenge Pt.1.
After becoming the mandatory challenger Brook was set to fight Devon Alexander for the world title on 19 January 2013 at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles. However Brook announced he had sustained an ankle injury and the fight was pushed back until 23 February 2013 and the venue changed to the Mosaic Youth Center on Grand in the Heart of Detroit, MI. Then Alexander announced he had a bicep injury causing the fight to re be rescheduled yet again. However, Kell would later pull out of this fight again after re-injuring his ankle, with fellow Brit and Matchroom Stable mate Lee Purdy taking his place but retiring in the 7th round. Alexander's camp have questioned the authenticity of this injury and instead assert that the unproven Brook was simply not ready to step up in class to fight Alexander.
Rematch vs Carson Jones.
After the saga with Devon Alexander Brook took a fight with Carson Jones in Hull on 13 July 2013, in a rematch of their original fight just over a year previously, which Brook won via a narrow majority decision. Brook took the early rounds of this contest looking far too powerful and quick for the American. Kell went on to win by stoppage in the 8th round to take his record to 30-0.
Brook vs Senchenko.
It was announced shortly after the rematch with Carson Jones that Brook would next face Vyacheslav Senchenko at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield on 26 October 2013. Senchenko had recently beaten Ricky Hatton forcing him to retire for good from boxing. Brook said he was using this as motivation and wanted to "get revenge" for a British boxing hero and a personal friend within the sport. Hatton was to be ringside for the fight and spoke to Kell in the dressing room just prior to the fight. The opening and second rounds were very cagey encounters with neither fighter wanting to give too much away with Brook perhaps using his jab more effectively and taking both the rounds. In the third Brook knocked his opponent down with a powerful right with Senchenko taking the 8 count and continuing. Brook started the fourth strongly out boxing his Ukrainian opponent although Senchenko did unsteady Brook for a few seconds before Brook sent Sencheko back to the canvas with another right. Referee Shada Murdaugh concluded that Senchenko was in no position to continue and Brook was declared the winner by technical knockout.
World Title Challenge Pt.2 and Future.
Beating Senchenko means that Brook is once again the mandatory challenger for Devon Alexander's IBF Welterweight Title. It was thought Alexander would be Kell's next fight however in the post fight interview Eddie Hearn (Brook's promoter) didn't rule out the possibility of facing Adrien Broner possibly at Sheffield United's home ground Bramall Lane. Shawn Porter defeated Devon Alexander to take Alexander's IBF Title on 19 December 2013. Brook is now the mandatory challenger for Porter's Title. Brook has also made no secret of the fact he would one day like to face Amir Khan with both men frequently slating the other in the media. Although in the short term this fight looks unlikely with Khan chasing a big pay day with Floyd Mayweather Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="20011673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011673" title="Wang Sheng">
Wang Sheng

Wang Sheng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20011681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011681" title="Eolica Varna Wind Farm">
Eolica Varna Wind Farm

The Eolica Varna Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Varna, Bulgaria. It will have 30 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 60 MW of power, enough to power over 23,940 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 120 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011682" title="Buried Country">
Buried Country

Buried Country is a highly regarded documentary film, book and soundtrack. Buried Country tells the story of Australian country music in the Aboriginal community, focusing on important musicians to tell the story. The book "Buried Country: The Story of Aboriginal Country Music" is written by Clinton Walker. Film Australia has produced a study guide.
The soundtrack "Buried Country: Original Film Soundtrack" (Larrikin Records) is a double CD showcasing music by the Aboriginal artists featured in the film and book. Buried Country, (Andy Nehl, 2000) Film Australia. The documentary "Buried Country" is directed by Andy Nehl and written by Andy Nehl and Clinton Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="20011692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011692" title="Lazio regional election, 2000">
Lazio regional election, 2000

The Lazio regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
Francesco Storace (National Alliance) was elected President, defeating incumbent Piero Badaloni (The Democrats).
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20011696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011696" title="Stara Planina Wind Farm">
Stara Planina Wind Farm

The Stara Planina Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Varna, Bulgaria. It will have 30 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW each that will deliver up to 60 MW of power, enough to power over 23,940 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 120 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011717" title="Dobrin Wind Farm">
Dobrin Wind Farm

The Dobrin Wind Farm () is a proposed wind power project in Dobrin, Dobrich Region, Bulgaria. It will have 100 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 200 MW of power, enough to power over 79,800 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 180 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011733" title="Gorna Arda Hydro Power Plant">
Gorna Arda Hydro Power Plant

Hydro Power Company Gorna Arda is a Bulgarian company, established in 1999 by the National Electricity Company and the Turkish Ceylan Holding. It is established after the signing of an intergovernmental agreement between Bulgaria and Turkey for a long-term barter. The Turkish side constructs roads and a cascade of hydropower plants in Bulgaria, and Bulgaria exports energy in return. 
Three hydro power plants are foreseen to be included in the cascade (Madan, Sarnitsa and Ardino), placed on the upper stream of Arda river. The groundbreaking was made in the end of 1999, planning to finish the construction of the cascade in 2006. Soon after that the project was frozen due to contradictions between the shareholders.
In 2008 the Austrian company EVN expressed its interest in the Gorna Arda project. The company operates on the Bulgarian market since 2005 executing business activities in the field of distribution and trade of electricity in South-Eastern Bulgaria. 
On September 2, 2009 the government of the Republic of Bulgaria appointed Hydro Power Company Gorna Arda AD as the investor in the Gorna Arda Cascade. The Council of Ministers approved a letter of support for the realization of the investment project. This letter is not a state guarantee, does not burden the state budget and does not raise any financial obligations for the state. NEK, EVN and Alpine Bau expressed their wish to be shareholders in HEC Gorna Arda. In the beginning of 2010 Аlpine Bau reviewed its business development plans and decided to withdraw from the project. Thus only shareholders in the project left NEK and EVN. 
On July 19, 2010 in the Bulgarian Embassy in Vienna, in the presence of the Bulgarian Prime Minister Mr. Boyko Borissov, shareholders agreement for construction and operation of hydro power cascade Gorna Arda was signed. This contract arranged the collaboration base between NEK and EVN. On behalf Bulgaria the document was signed by Krasimir Parvanov, the CEO of NEK EAD, and on behalf of Austria it was signed by Burkhard Hofer, Chairperson of the Board of Directors in EVN. 
The establishment of the new company proves the will of EVN and NEK to restore a long time planned project for a hydro power cascade on the upper stream of Arda river in South-Eastern Bulgaria. 
At the moment the work is based on the technical redesign. The plan is in the region of Madan, Ardino and Kitnitsa to be constructed plants with total capacity up to 170 MW. Up to 350 GWh per year electricity will come from those plants in the Bulgarian network, this amount covers the electricity needs of over 100 000 households.
This hydro power project is an important step towards using of renewable energy sources in Bulgaria. By 2020 16% of the electricity produced in Bulgaria should be from renewable energy sources. A successful implementation of Gorna Arda project could provide a specific contribution.
Furthermore, the flexible production of energy from hydro power plants will contribute to the stability of the electricity supply in Bulgaria.
EVN and NEK realize the great importance of this project for the Bulgarian economy and population. The preliminary work on the project started in 2010. During the construction period, new job positions will be opened in the region and stable economic impulses for the infrastructure and the tourism will be created.

</doc>
<doc id="20011734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011734" title="Peter Smith (diplomat)">
Peter Smith (diplomat)

Peter Smith, CBE (born 15 May 1942) is a retired British diplomat who was the British Ambassador to Madagascar, the British High Commissioner to Lesotho and in his final position was Governor of the Cayman Islands. He held this position from May 1999 until retirement in May 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20011746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011746" title="Daniel Morais Reis">
Daniel Morais Reis

Daniel Morais Reis (born May 12, 1986) is a Brazilian footballer. 
Morais Reis came to Swedish top tier club GAIS in the beginning of 2008 from Belo Horizonte club América FC. Morais Reis and the club agreed on terminating the contract in September 2009.
After the good passage for União Araxá, from Araxá, Brazil, in the first halfyear of 2012, Daniel Morais joined with Uberaba Sport, from Uberaba, to play on the Taça Minas championship. Uberaba won the Taça Minas championship for three times. Daniel Morais did four goals in the 3 last matches for Uberaba.

</doc>
<doc id="20011748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011748" title="Apraxia of speech">
Apraxia of speech

Apraxia of speech (AOS) is an acquired oral motor speech disorder affecting an individual's ability to translate conscious speech plans into motor plans, which results in limited and difficult speech ability. By the definition of apraxia, AOS affects volitional (willful or purposeful) movement patterns, however AOS usually also affects automatic speech.
Individuals with AOS have difficulty connecting speech messages from the brain to the mouth. AOS is a loss of prior speech ability resulting from a stroke, brain injury, or progressive illness.
Developmental verbal dyspraxia (DVD), also known as childhood apraxia of speech (CAS) and developmental apraxia of speech (DAS); is an inability to utilize motor planning to perform movements necessary for speech during a child's language learning process. Although the causes differ between AOS and DVD, the main characteristics and treatments are similar.
Characteristics.
Apraxia of speech (AOS) is a neurogenic communication disorder affecting the motor programming system for speech production. Individuals with AOS demonstrate difficulty in speech production, specifically with sequencing and forming sounds. The individual knows exactly what they want to say, but there is a disruption in the part of the brain that sends the signal to the muscle for the specific movement. Individuals with acquired AOS demonstrate hallmark characteristics of articulation and prosody (rhythm, stress or intonation) errors. Coexisting characteristics may include groping and effortful speech production with self-correction, difficulty initiating speech, abnormal stress, intonation and rhythm errors, and inconsistency with articulation.
Wertz et al., (1984) describe the following five speech characteristics that an individual with apraxia of speech may exhibit:
Diagnosis.
Apraxia of speech can be diagnosed by a speech language pathologist (SLP) through specific exams that measure oral mechanisms of speech. The oral mechanisms exam involves tasks such as pursing lips, blowing, licking lips, elevating the tongue, and also involves an examination of the mouth. A complete exam also involves observation of the patient eating and talking. SLPs do not agree on a specific set of characteristics that make up the apraxia of speech diagnosis, so any of the characteristics from the section above could be used to form a diagnosis. Patients may be asked to perform other daily tasks such as reading, writing, and conversing with others. In situations involving brain damage, an MRI brain scan also helps identify damaged areas of the brain.
A differential diagnosis must be used in order to rule out other similar or alternative disorders. Although disorders such as expressive aphasia, conduction aphasia, and dysarthria involve similar symptoms as apraxia of speech, the disorders must be distinguished in order to correctly treat the patients. While AOS involves the motor planning or processing stage of speech, aphasic disorders can involve other language processes.
Possible co-morbid aphasias.
AOS and expressive aphasia (also known as Broca's aphasia) are commonly mistaken as the same disorder mainly because they often occur together in patients. Although both disorders present with symptoms such as a difficulty producing sounds due to damage in the language parts of the brain, they are not the same. The main difference between these disorders lies in the ability to comprehend spoken language; patients with apraxia are able to fully comprehend speech, while patients with aphasia are not always fully able to comprehend others' speech.
Conduction aphasia is another speech disorder that is similar to, but not the same as, apraxia of speech. Although patients who suffer from conduction aphasia have full comprehension of speech, as do AOS sufferers, there are differences between the two disorders. Patients with conduction aphasia are typically able to speak fluently, but they do not have the ability to repeat what they hear.
Similarly, dysarthria, another motor speech disorder, is characterized by difficulty articulating sounds. The difficulty in articulation does not occur due in planning the motor movement, as happens with AOS. Instead, dysarthria is caused by inability in or weakness of the muscles in the mouth, face, and respiratory system.
Causes.
Apraxia of speech can be caused by impairment to parts of the brain that control muscle movement and speech. However, identifying a particular region of the brain in which AOS always occurs has been controversial. Various patients with damage to left subcortical structures, regions of the insula, and Broca’s area have been diagnosed with AOS. Most commonly it is triggered by vascular lesions, but AOS can also arise due to tumors and trauma.
Acute apraxia of speech.
Stroke-associated AOS is the most common form of acquired AOS, making up about 60% of all reported acquired AOS cases. This is one of the several possible disorders that can result from a stroke, but only about 11% of stroke cases involve this disorder. Brain damage to the neural connections, and especially the neural synapses, during the stroke can lead to acquired AOS. Most cases of stroke-associated AOS are minor, but in the most severe cases, all linguistic motor function can be lost and must be relearned. Since most with this form of AOS are at least fifty years old, few fully recover to their previous level of ability to produce speech.
Other disorders and injuries of the brain that can lead to AOS include (traumatic) dementia, progressive neurological disorders, and traumatic brain injury.
Progressive apraxia of speech.
Recent research has established the existence of primary progressive apraxia of speech caused by neuroanatomic motor atrophy. For a long time, this disorder was not distinguished from other motor speech disorders such as dysarthria and in particular primary progressive aphasia. Many studies have been done trying to identify areas in the brain in which this particular disorder occurs or at least to show that it occurs in different areas of the brain than other disorders. One study observed 37 patients with neurodegenerative speech disorders to determine whether or not it is distinguishable from other disorders, and if so where in the brain it can be found. Using speech and language, neurological, neuropsychological and neuroimaging testing, the researchers came to the conclusion that PAS does exist and that it correlates to superior lateral premotor and supplementary motor atrophy. However, because PAS is such a rare and recently discovered disorder, many studies do not have enough subjects to observe to make data entirely conclusive.
Management.
In cases of acute AOS (stroke), spontaneous recovery may occur, in which previous speech abilities reappear on their own. All other cases of acquired AOS require a form of therapy; however the therapy varies with the individual needs of the patient. Typically, treatment involves one-on-one therapy with a speech language pathologist (SLP). For severe forms of AOS, therapy may involve multiple sessions per week, which is reduced with speech improvement. Another main theme in AOS treatment is the use of repetition in order to achieve a large amount of target utterances, or desired speech usages.
There are various treatment techniques for AOS. One technique, called the Linguistic Approach, utilizes the rules for sounds and sequences. This approach focuses on the placement of the mouth in forming speech sounds. Another type of treatment is the Motor-Programming Approach, in which the motor movements necessary for speech are practiced. This technique utilizes a great amount of repetition in order to practice the sequences and transitions that are necessary in between production of sounds.
Research about the treatment of apraxia has revealed four main categories: articulatory-kinematic, rate/rhythm control, intersystemic facilitation/reorganization treatments, and alternative/augmentative communication.
One specific treatment method is referred to as PROMPT. This acronym stands for Prompts for Restructuring Oral Muscular Phonetic Targets, and takes a hands on multidimensional approach at treating speech production disorders. PROMPT therapists integrate physical-sensory, cognitive-linguistic, and social-emotional aspects of motor performance. The main focus is developing language interaction through this tactile-kinetic approach by using touch cues to facilitate the articulatory movements associated with individual phonemes, and eventually words.
One study describes the use of electropalatography (EPG) to treat a patient with severe acquired apraxia of speech. EPG is a computer-based tool for assessment and treatment of speech motor issues. The program allows patients to see the placement of articulators during speech production thus aiding them in attempting to correct errors. Originally after two years of speech therapy, the patient exhibited speech motor and production problems including problems with phonation, articulation, and resonance. This study showed that EPG therapy gave the patient valuable visual feedback to clarify speech movements that had been difficult for the patient to complete when given only auditory feedback.
While many studies are still exploring the various treatment methods, a few suggestions from ASHA for treating apraxia patients include the integration of objective treatment evidence, theoretical rationale, clinical knowledge and experience, and the needs and goals of the patient
History & Terminology.
The term apraxia was first defined by Hugo Karl Liepmann in 1908 as the "inability to perform voluntary acts despite preserved muscle strength." In 1969, Frederic L. Darley coined the term "apraxia of speech", replacing Liepmann's original term "apraxia of the glosso-labio-pharyngeal structures." Paul Broca had also identified this speech disorder in 1861, which he referred to as "aphemia": a disorder involving difficulty of articulation despite having intact language skills and muscular function.
The disorder is currently referred to as "apraxia of speech", but was also formerly termed "verbal dyspraxia". The term apraxia comes from the Greek root "praxis," meaning the performance of action or skilled movement. Adding the prefix "a", meaning absence, or "dys", meaning abnormal or difficult, to the root "praxis", both function to imply speech difficulties related to movement.
Current Research.
Many researchers are investigating the characteristics of apraxia of speech and the most effective treatment methods. Below are a couple of the recent findings:
Sound Production Treatment: 
Articulatory-kinematic treatments have the strongest evidence of their use in treating Acquired Apraxia of Speech. These treatments use the facilitation of movement, positioning, timing, and articulators to improve speech production. Sound Production Treatment (SPT) is an articulatory-kinematic treatment that has received more research than many other methods. It combines modeling, repetition, minimal pair contrast, integral stimulation, articulatory placement cueing, and verbal feedback. It was developed to improve the articulation of targeted sounds in the mid-1990s. SPT shows consistent improvement of trained sounds in trained and untrained words. The best results occur with eight to ten exemplars of the targeted sound to promote generalization to untrained exemplars of trained sounds. In addition, maintenance effects are the strongest with 1–2 months post-treatment with sounds that reached high accuracy during treatment. Therefore, the termination of treatment should not be determined by performance criteria, and not by the number of sessions the client completes, in order to have the greatest long-term effects. While there are many parts of SPT that should receive further investigation, it can be expected that it will improve the production of targeted sounds for speakers with apraxia of Speech.
Repeated Practice & Rate/Rhythm Control Treatments: 
Dr. Julie Wambaugh’s research focuses on clinically applicable treatments for acquired apraxia of speech. She recently published an article examining the effects of repeated practice and rate/rhythm control on sound production accuracy. Dr. Wambaugh and colleagues studied the effects of such treatment for 10 individuals with acquired apraxia of speech. The results indicate that repeated practice treatment results in significant improvements in articulation for most clients. In addition, rate/rhythm control helped some clients, but not others. Thus, incorporating repeated practice treatment into therapy would likely help individuals with AOS.

</doc>
<doc id="20011750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011750" title="Giorgio Gorgone">
Giorgio Gorgone

Giorgio Gorgone (Rome, 18 August 1976) is an Italian player in the role of midfielder, currently campaigning in Triestina. His debut in Serie B season takes place in 1998-1999 with the Lucchese.
In 2010-11 season he was excluded from squad and did not awarded a shirt number.
In 2012 he assisted Roberto Stellone as the vice coach of Frosinone Calcio.

</doc>
<doc id="20011762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011762" title="Counts of Saint-Pol">
Counts of Saint-Pol

This is a list of rulers of the county of Saint-Pol, whose territory is now in northern France. The central town of this medieval County of Saint-Pol is Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise.

</doc>
<doc id="20011775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011775" title="When the Lights Go Down (Armand Van Helden song)">
When the Lights Go Down (Armand Van Helden song)

"When the Lights Go Down" is the fourth single of American DJ Armand Van Helden's sixth album "Nympho". It features a sample from Nick Gilder's 1978 hit "Hot Child In The City".
Chart performance.
In the United Kingdom, the single failed to grab much attention. In Australia, it peaked just outside the top 50, but was a dance and club hit. In Holland, the single failed to make an impact. Its worldwide peak was inside the top 10 in Finland, although staying in the charts for four weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20011776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011776" title="Kardzhali Hydroelectric Power Station">
Kardzhali Hydroelectric Power Station

The Kardzhali Hydro Power Plant () is an active hydro power near Kardzhali, southern Bulgaria constructed on the dam of the same name on the river Arda. It has 3 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 36 MW which deliver up to 108 MW of power.
Together with the Ivailovgrad HPP and Studen Kladenets HPP, Kardzhali HPP forms the Dolna Arda Hydro Cascade with total capacity of 276 MW. There is a 65,000,000 euro modernization plan for the three power plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20011788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011788" title="Murgash Wind Farm">
Murgash Wind Farm

The Murgash Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Murgash, Bulgaria. It will have 50 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 100 MW of power. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011801" title="Robin Hood (opera)">
Robin Hood (opera)

"For the comic opera by Reginald De Koven, see "Robin Hood (comic opera)".
Robin Hood is a ballad opera by Michael Tippett based on the legend of Robin Hood. Composed in 1934, the score remains unpublished. However, Tippett later used an expanded version of the overture as the finale to his 1948 "Suite in D major (For the Birthday of Prince Charles)".
Background.
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, Tippett was hired to organize the musical life of a number of work camps for unemployed miners in North Yorkshire. As part of his work there, he revised and abridged John Gay's "The Beggar's Opera" for performances in the church hall next to the Miners' Institute in Boosbeck. Encouraged by its success, he composed a ballad opera of his own, "Robin Hood", with a subtext that reflected the difficulties faced by the unemployed miners. It was first performed in 1934 by the local villagers, miners, and students at the work camps. Although a success both with the participants and the audience, the work bears little resemblance to the composer's mature style, and Tippett would later not allow it to be performed. Nevertheless, some of the songs from the opera were sung again in 2009 at the Station Hotel in Boosbeck and recorded for the BBC Radio 3 Programme Music Matters.

</doc>
<doc id="20011803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011803" title="Sestrimo Hydro Power Plant">
Sestrimo Hydro Power Plant

The Sestrimo Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in the eastern Rila mountains near Sestrimo village, Bulgaria. It has 3 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 80 MW which will deliver up to 240 MW of power. It is part of the Belmeken-Chaira-Sestrimo Hydropower Cascade.

</doc>
<doc id="20011812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011812" title="Bateshwar hills">
Bateshwar hills

The Bateshwar hills are situated in the Katihar district, within the Purnia division in Bihar state, India. They are located four miles (6 km) south of the town of Kursela. There is an ancient temple to Mahadeva (Shiva and Vishnu) located in the hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20011814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011814" title="Teshel Hydro Power Plant">
Teshel Hydro Power Plant

The Teshel Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project near Teshel, Bulgaria, part of the Dospat-Vacha Hydro Power Cascade. It has 2 individual Francis turbines which will deliver up to 60 MW of power. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011815" title="Katedral">
Katedral

Katedral (Swedish; "Cathedral") is the name, or part of the name, of several Swedish language schools in Sweden and Finland, each of which traces its origin to a medieval cathedral school or a 17th-century "gymnasium" near a cathedral:

</doc>
<doc id="20011816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011816" title="Adelolf, Count of Boulogne">
Adelolf, Count of Boulogne

Adelolf, Count of Boulogne († 933), was a younger brother of Arnulf I, Count of Flanders and was given the County of Boulogne by his father. 
He was a son of Baldwin II, Count of Flanders, and of Ælfthryth, daughter of Alfred the Great. He was probably named for his maternal great-grandfather, King Æthelwulf of Wessex. Baldwin II's extensive lands and many offices in what is now the north of modern France and the west of Belgium were divided among his sons on his death in 918. The elder, Arnulf, became Count of Flanders while Adelolf succeeded his father as count of Saint-Pol, Count of Boulogne and of Thérouanne. He was also the lay abbot of the Abbey of Saint Bertinus (Saint-Bertin) at Saint-Omer.
In 926 Adelolf was sent as an ambassador to his maternal first cousin King Æthelstan of England by Count Hugh the Great, effective ruler of northern France under Rudolph, Duke of Burgundy, who had been elected king of France in 923. Adelolf was to seek the English king's agreement to a marriage between Hugh and another of Æthelstan's sisters. Among the lavish gifts sent to Æthelstan, an avid collector of relics, were said to be the sword of the Roman Emperor Constantine the Great and the Holy Lance. The embassy was a success and Hugh was married to Æthelstan's half-sister Eadhild. In 933, Æthelstan's half-brother Edwin was drowned and his body cast ashore. Adelolf received the body of his kinsman with honour and took it to the Abbey of Saint Bertin for burial.
Adelolf was the father of Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne († 971), and of an illegitimate son named Baldwin (died 973) who was guardian of Arnulf II, Count of Flanders.
Adelolf died in 933. He was buried at Saint-Bertin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20011817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011817" title="Ligurian regional election, 2000">
Ligurian regional election, 2000

The Ligurian regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
Sandro Biasotti (an independent close to Forza Italia) was elected President, defeating incumbent Giancarlo Mori (Italian People's Party).
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20011819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011819" title="Tore Lindbekk">
Tore Lindbekk

Tore Lindbekk (born 8 April 1933) is a Norwegian sociologist and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Oslo as the son of Odd Lindbäck-Larsen. He graduated as mag.art. in sociology in 1959, was chairman of the Norwegian Students' Society in 1962, and wrote for the Conservative periodical "Minerva". In 1969 he was appointed professor of sociology at the University of Trondheim (later merged and renamed the Norwegian University of Science and Technology). He was dean of his institute from 1981 to 1989.
In politics, he was a member of Trondheim city council from 1976 to 1983, and also a member of Sør-Trøndelag county council.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20011820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011820" title="James William Reid">
James William Reid

James William Reid (May 30, 1859–1933) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1911 to 1925 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Musquodoboit, Nova Scotia, the son of Robert Reid and Mary A. Archibald, of United Empire Loyalist descent. He was educated at Dalhousie University and set up practice in Hants County. In 1891, Reid married Mary Falconer. He served on the town council. Reid was also president of the Colchester-Hants Counties Medical Society and of the Hants County Temperance Alliance. He died at Windsor in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20011824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011824" title="Katedralskola">
Katedralskola

Katedralskola (Swedish; "Cathedral School") is the name, or part of the name, of several Swedish language schools in Sweden and Finland, each of which traces its origin to a medieval cathedral school or a 17th-century "gymnasium" near a cathedral:

</doc>
<doc id="20011830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011830" title="Ko Akuma Usagi no Koibumi to Machine Gun">
Ko Akuma Usagi no Koibumi to Machine Gun


</doc>
<doc id="20011838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011838" title="First Floor Power">
First Floor Power

First Floor Power is an indie rock band from Sweden.FFP recorded and released their debut EP "We Are the People" in 2000 on the Swedish label Silence Records. In 2001 their debut album "There is Hope" was released. The Swedish National TV produced a one hour documentary about the band which focused on the struggle and attempts of the band in its early career. Their sound has been described as a combination of afrobeat and 70s pop music. The band was listed in the "ten albums of the year" in the Time Out Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20011839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011839" title="Payel Sarkar">
Payel Sarkar

Payel Sarkar (Bengali: পায়েল সরকার, born in Kolkata, India) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Bengali films and Hindi television.
Early life.
Sarkar completed her degree in history from 206 footbridge,Saltlake in Kolkata in 2004 and was a cover page model for the Bengali teen magazine "Unish-Kuri".

</doc>
<doc id="20011844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011844" title="Ádám Pozsonyi">
Ádám Pozsonyi

Pozsonyi Ádám (born 1969) is a Hungarian author, publicist, and punk musician. His own self classification: writer, "fog-knight" and professional reactionary.
Career.
His publicity’s working manner comes from also the underground lifestyle. In the official world of the media - following some provocative interviews (in Wanted Magazin, Magyar Fórum and Magyar Demokrata) – he starts publishing about 2000.
Now he works for the Magyar Nemzet, and Demokrata journals.
Writing style and political views.
Pozsonyi's narrations are similar to his masters and icons: Mikszáth, Hašek, Mrozek and Chesterton. He uses all power of grotesque, irony plus murderous humor to uncloak universal dictatorship of tolerance and liberal of modern times.
Ádám Pozsonyi has argued openly that the Hungarian "intellectual life is under foreign direction" and that "our political and intellectual elite is foreign". He urged readers:
"Let’s form commando groups of 3-4 persons and comb the libraries and let's steal and then destroy the tasteless and cancerous centre of the left liberal traitors to our Homeland. If it is not possible to smuggle them out, we should tear or scrawl all over the pages."

</doc>
<doc id="20011849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011849" title="1953 Yenice-Gönen earthquake">
1953 Yenice-Gönen earthquake

The 1953 Yenice-Gönen earthquake occurred at 21:06 local time (19:06 UTC on 18 March in the province of Çanakkale and Balıkesir in the Marmara Region at western Turkey. It had a magnitude 7.5 on the surface wave magnitude scale and a maximum felt intensity of IX (Violent) on the Mercalli intensity scale. It caused widespread damage, killing 1070 and causing damage that was estimated at US$3,570,000 repair value.
Tectonic setting.
The tectonics of northern and eastern Turkey are dominated by the two strike-slip fault zones that accommodate the west to southwestward movement of the Anatolian Plate relative to the Eurasian Plate and the Arabian Plate as it is effectively being squeezed out by convergence between them. The quake occurred along the Yenice–Gönen Fault, which is a southern extension of the North Anatolian Fault Zone.
Damage and casualties.
The quake was a magnitude 7.3, therefore it was rather strong. The rupture killed at least 1070, 998 of those deaths in Yenice, with another 50 in Gönen, 20 in Çan, and 3 in Manyas. The cost of repair was estimated at US$3,570,000.
Several thousand buildings were affected in the Can-Yenice-Gonen area. Damage of intensity VI occurred at Sakarya (Adapazari), Bursa, Edirne, Istanbul and Izmir. The quake was felt throughout the Aegean Islands and in much of mainland Greece, with damage occurring as far away as Crete. Shaking was also recorded in Bulgaria.
Although officials predicted the earthquake would cause only 265 deaths, it multiplied with a death toll seven times the number as expected.
Characteristics.
As a result of the earthquake, approximately of surface faulting occurred, with as much as of strike-slip (horizontal) faulting was observed by geologists east of Yenice.
Aftermath.
The damage caused by this earthquake led to a new national reconstruction law in Turkey. In Greece the damage was severe enough that new building codes were introduced.
Future seismic hazard.
Trenching and other fieldwork along the trace of the Yenice–Gönen Fault has identified three earthquakes before the 1953 event, about 1440 AD, between 620 and 1270 AD, and another event of uncertain age. These past events give a mean recurrence interval for large earthquakes of 660±160 years. This indicates that there is no significant current threat from ruptures along this fault zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20011850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011850" title="Belmeken Hydro Power Plant">
Belmeken Hydro Power Plant

The Belmeken Hydro Power Plant is an active pumped storage hydro power project in the eastern Rila mountains, Bulgaria. It receives its water from the Belmeken Reservoir and has 5 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 75 MW which can deliver up to 375 MW of power, as well as 2 pumps with an installed capacity of 104 MW. It is part of the Belmeken-Chaira-Sestrimo Hydropower Cascade.

</doc>
<doc id="20011853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011853" title="Abbey of Saint Bertin">
Abbey of Saint Bertin

The Abbey of St. Bertin was a Benedictine abbey in Saint-Omer, France, now in ruins (the town's town-hall was built with stone from the abbey in 1834) and open to the public. It was dedicated to its second abbot, Saint Bertin.
The monastery was founded on the banks of the Aa in the 7th century by the bishop of Thérouanne, who sent the monks Bertin, Momelin and Ebertram from Omer to proselytize among the pagans in the region. The Abbey of St. Bertin soon became one of the most influential monasteries in northern Europe and ranked in importance with Elnon Abbey (later Saint-Amand Abbey, in Saint-Amand-les-Eaux) and the Abbey of St. Vaast. Its library included the codex of Aratea of Leyde, from which two copies were made. The Annals of St Bertin are an important source of the ninth-century history of Francia.
Already in the 9th century the abbey had a priory in Poperinge. A Romanesque church was constructed in the mid-11th century. It was 25m high, with a 48m high tower, and included a large 14th century semi-circular sanctuary with five side-chapels. It served as a model for the church, whose construction was not completed until the beginning of the 16th century.
From the 12th century the abbey had the right of appointing the priest at Lissewege and Ruiselede (1106). William Clito was buried here in 1128. The abbey had a 'refuge-house' in the now-demolished Sint-Lodewijkscollege in Bruges. The abbey had its greatest flourishing from its inception until the 13th century, though it survived until it was shut down at the French Revolution.
In 1830 the commune demanded the demolition of the church, though they spared the tower, which they strengthened with a buttress in the nave (still visible). However, the tower was weakened by bombardment of the town centre in World War II and collapsed in 1947, leading to the abandonment of the site.
The abbey is known for its Latin-written cartulary ("Chartularium Sithiense") whose first part is attributed to Folquin (or Saint Folquin, died 14 December 855 in Esquelbeques).

</doc>
<doc id="20011860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011860" title="Chaira Hydro Power Plant">
Chaira Hydro Power Plant

The Chaira Pumped Storage Hydro Power Plant (Chaira PSHPP) was built in Rila mountains, about 100 km southeast of capital city, Sofia. Chaira has generating capacity of 864 MW and a pumping capacity of 788 MW, and is thus the largest pumped-storage plant in southeast Europe. The power plant is equipped with four reversible Francis pump-turbines, each rated at 216 MW in the generating mode, and 197 MW in pumping mode. 
Units 1 and 2 have been in operation since 1995, and that time Chaira was still first in the world as regards the highest head for a single-stage pump turbine (690 m generating and 701 pumping). Units 3 and 4 came online in 1999. 
The pump-turbines and motor - generators were supplied by Toshiba, and three of them were manufactured under Japanese supervision in Bulgaria. The upper compensating basin for Chaira is the Belmeken reservoir that is connected to the Chaira pumped storage hydro power plant by two headrace tunnels with a diameter of 4.20 m and two penstocks with diameter 4.40 m, reducing to 4.20 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20011871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011871" title="Jan Inge Sørbø">
Jan Inge Sørbø

Jan Inge Sørbø (born 16 September 1954) is a Norwegian philologist, author and poet.
He was born at Bru in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland, and took the cand.philol. degree in the history of literature at the University of Bergen in 1982. He debuted as a poet in 1986, and has also written novels. He has a background in the media, as journalist in "Dagen" from 1980 to 1987 and "Stavanger Aftenblad" from 1987 to 1989, and editor of "Syn og Segn" from 1993 to 1997. He was appointed professor at the Volda University College in 2001, and has been affiliated with the Ivar Aasen Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20011872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011872" title="Devin Hydro Power Plant">
Devin Hydro Power Plant

The Devin Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in Devin, Bulgaria. It has 4 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 20 MW which will deliver up to 80 MW of power. 

</doc>
<doc id="20011877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011877" title="Pristava, Tržič">
Pristava, Tržič

Pristava is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20011878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011878" title="Bateshwar, Morena">
Bateshwar, Morena

Bateshwar (Hindi:बटेश्वर), 25 km from Morena town, is an archaeological site comprising about 200 ancient shrines in Morena district in Madhya Pradesh. This site is located on the north-western slope of a range of hills near Padavali, a village about 30 km from Gwalior. The shrines of Bateshwar temple-complex are dedicated mostly to Shiva and a few to Vishnu. The temples are made of sandstone and belong to the 8-10th century CE. They were built during the reign of Gurjara-Pratihara Dynasty, 300 years before Khajuraho temples were built. 
The cluster of temples is spread over an area of 10 hectares in the ravines of Chambal. The Archaeological Survey of India team led by K.K. Muhammed started excavation works in 2005. which are still continuing. Presently sites of Padavali or Padawli and Mitaoli are being excavated, where one temple each has been discovered till now. A temple cluster at Dodamath in the same place is also being excavated. The ravages of time and earthquakes had destroyed these forgotten temples.
Bateshwar is located at 

</doc>
<doc id="20011881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011881" title="UnixWare NonStop Clusters">
UnixWare NonStop Clusters

NonStop Clusters (NSC) was an add-on package for SCO UnixWare that allowed creation of fault-tolerant single-system image clusters of machines running UnixWare. NSC was one of the first commercially available highly available clustering solutions for commodity hardware.
Description.
NSC provided a full single-system image cluster:
The NSC system was designed for high availability—all system services were either redundant or would fail-over from one node to another in the advent of a node crash. The disk subsystem was either accessible from multiple nodes (using a Fibre Channel SAN or dual-ported SCSI) or used cross-node mirroring in a similar fashion to DRBD.
History.
NSC was developed for Tandem by Locus Computing Corporation based on their Transparent Network Computing technology. During the lifetime of the project Locus were acquired by Platinum Technology Inc. The NSC team and product were then transferred to Tandem.
Initially NSC was developed for the Compaq Integrity XC
packaged cluster, consisting of between two and six Compaq ProLiant servers and one or two Compaq ServerNet switches to provide the cluster interconnect inter-node communication path. In this form NSC was commercialized by Compaq and only supported on qualified hardware from Compaq, and later Fujitsu-Siemens.
In 2000 NSC was modified to allow standard Fast Ethernet and later Gigabit Ethernet switches as the cluster interconnect and commercialized by SCO as UnixWare NonStop Clusters 7.1.1+IP.
This release of NSC was available on commodity PC hardware, although SCO recommended that systems with more than two nodes used the ServerNet interconnect.
After the sale of the SCO Unix business to Caldera Systems it was announced that the "long term goal" was to integrate the NSC product into the base UnixWare code
but this was not to be, Caldera Systems ceased distribution of NSC, replacing it by the Reliant HA clustering solution and in May 2001 Compaq announced that it would release a GPLed version of the NSC code, which eventually became OpenSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="20011905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011905" title="Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne">
Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne

Arnulf II of Boulogne († 971) was a son of Count Adalolf. He succeeded as Count of Boulogne in 964 after the death of his uncle Arnulf I, and held it until 971. He was the father of Arnulf III, Count of Boulogne.

</doc>
<doc id="20011931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011931" title="Arnulf III, Count of Boulogne">
Arnulf III, Count of Boulogne

Arnulf III of Boulogne († 990) was a son of Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne. He succeeded his father as count of Boulogne from 971 to 990. On his death his lands were divided between his 3 sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20011943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011943" title="Baldwin II, Count of Boulogne">
Baldwin II, Count of Boulogne

Baldwin II of Boulogne († ) was a son of Arnulf III, Count of Boulogne, who he succeeded as count of Boulogne.
Life.
Baldwin II was the son of Arnulf III, Count of Boulogne and succeeded his father as count circa 990. Both Arnulf III and his father Arnulf II had freed themselves of Flemish rule during the minority of Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders. In 1022 both Baldwin and his son Eustace, along with the counts of Normandy, Valois, and Flanders, met with Robert II, King of France and formed an alliance against Odo II, Count of Blois who was challenging the king's authority. But when Emperor Henry II died in July 1024 the alliance quickly fell apart as King Robert reconciled with count Odo II. In the wake of these changing alliances and for reasons that remain unclear, Baldwin was killed in battle c. 1027 warring with Enguerrand I, Count of Ponthieu, who then wed Baldwin's widow.
Family and issue.
He married Adelina of Holland daughter of Arnulf, Count of Holland and Lutgardis of Luxemburg. and was the father of: 
After Baldwin's death Adelina married secondly, Enguerrand I, Count of Ponthieu.

</doc>
<doc id="20011951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011951" title="Adelina of Holland">
Adelina of Holland

Aleida of Holland ( – ) was possibly a daughter of Arnulf, Count of Holland, and Lutgardis of Luxemburg. She married firstly Baldwin II, Count of Boulogne (with whom she had Eustace I of Boulogne), and secondly Enguerrand I of Ponthieu.

</doc>
<doc id="20011953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011953" title="Robert Brady (writer)">
Robert Brady (writer)

Robert Brady MD (1627–1700) was an English academic and historical writer supporting the royalist position in the reigns of Charles II of England and James II of England. He was also a physician.
Biography.
Brady was son of Thomas Brady, an attorney of Denver, Norfolk. He was educated in Downham Market and at Caius College, Cambridge. He was made Master of Caius College in 1660, on the English Restoration. In the 1670s he hoped to write for the prominent politicians Joseph Williamson and Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 1st Earl of Shaftesbury, but they declined the offer. It was only when William Sancroft became Archbishop of Canterbury that Brady found a patron.
Brady held from 1677 the position of Regius Professor of Physic at Cambridge. He sat as Member of Parliament for the University in 1681 and 1685.
In historical controversy, he was opposed to William Petyt and James Tyrrell, along what would become Tory versus Whig lines, then forming in the Exclusion crisis of the 1680s. Brady is regarded as holding to an uncompromising royalist position. Others on the Whig side were William Atwood, Edward Cooke, and Sir John Somers.
J. P. Kenyon takes him as a pioneer among the royalist scholars of English medieval history, who were working towards a formulation akin to our contemporary view. John Pocock regards as "unforgettably damaging" the effect the (proto)-Tory Brady and others made, in attacking the doctrine of the "Ancient Constitution" as a failed description of the real circumstances of political arrangements in the England of the Middle Ages. On the narrow point of the actual legal effects of the Norman Conquest, Brady had been anticipated by Samuel Daniel, in views that are quite close to modern scholars. He moved from there to argue for absolutism, and that Magna Carta was not a major charter for popular freedom. Brady's ideas drew on Henry Spelman and Robert Filmer.
David C. Douglas remarks that although his motivations as a scholar were at least as political as those of his opponents, his techniques were so far superior that his work remained of importance. Brady was aided in his later work by a position from 1686 in the archives of the Tower of London.

</doc>
<doc id="20011967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011967" title="Zemra Lake">
Zemra Lake

Zemra Lake () is a mountain lake in Kosovo, located from the Albanian border. The lake is found in the Prokletije near the high peak of Gusan. Zemra Lake resembles Đeravica Lake in shape. It has a maximum length of and a maximum width of . Many smaller lakes are found around this lake.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20011969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011969" title="Retnje">
Retnje

Retnje is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20011971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011971" title="Hear My Name">
Hear My Name

"Hear My Name" was the first single from Armand Van Helden's fifth album, "New York: A Mix Odessey", and his sixth album, "Nympho". The track features vocals by duo Spalding Rockwell. It was also made into a music video featuring the female duo Spalding Rockwell spanking various men and women.
Chart performance.
The single was a worldwide Dance and Club hit, and a minor success in Single charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20011972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011972" title="Reform Popular Centre">
Reform Popular Centre

Reform Popular Centre ("Centro Popolare Riformatore", CPR) was a centrist coalition active in Friuli-Venezia Giulia from 1998 to 2003.
The coalition was launched for the 1998 regional election and comprised five parties:
At the time of the foundation of CPR, it was seen as a political laboratory for the country, in order to put together centrist parties of The Olive Tree, the centre-left governing coalition. Leading national politicians, including Franco Marini, Clemente Mastella, Rocco Buttiglione, Lamberto Dini and Giorgio La Malfa.
In the regional election CPR won 11.0% and 7 regional deputies, but it failed to form an alliance with Forza Italia and Lega Nord Friuli-Venezia Giulia, due to difficulties in forming a new regional government and to internal divisions. Isidoro Gottardo was elected leader of the group.
By the 2003 regional election the coalition was over, with most members who had joined Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy (DL) and Isidoro Gottardo Forza Italia. DL was in fact a sort of continuation of CPR at the national level.

</doc>
<doc id="20011974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011974" title="3-D Docking Mission">
3-D Docking Mission

3-D Docking Mission is a game for the Apple II family of computers created in 1978 by programmer Chris Oberth. The game was published by Programma International and by The Elektrik Keyboard of Chicago, Illinois.
Gameplay.
The object of "3-D Docking Mission" is to maneuver a spacecraft through an asteroid field and safely dock with its mothership. The ship begins each round with a limited supply of fuel (40 points) which is consumed as the player uses thrusters to pilot the craft. The game ends as a loss if the player's ship runs out of fuel, collides with an asteroid or runs too quickly into the mothership. If the ship reaches the mothership and successfully enters the docking port, the player wins the round and a new one begins with more densely grouped asteroids.
Interface.
The game presents the player with two views of the playing area — one from above and one from the side. Using these views, the player selects among six thrusters to fire, controlled by keys on the keyboard: T and B to move up and down, < and > to move left and right, and H and F to move forward or backward.
At the bottom of the screen is a display showing the amount of time the player has taken and the amount of fuel remaining, as well as the current score and the high score.

</doc>
<doc id="20011980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011980" title="Lutgardis of Luxemburg">
Lutgardis of Luxemburg

Lutgardis of Luxembourg, also known as Liutgardis, Liutgarde and Lutgard, (955 – ca. 1003 or possibly later) was a daughter of Siegfried of Luxembourg and Hedwig of Nordgau. Her sister was Cunigunde of Luxembourg. She married Arnulf, Count of Holland. They had three children:
As the sister-in-law of Emperor Henry II, she enjoyed considerable influence. With his help she managed to maintain the county for her son Dirk III, acting as regent.
On 20 September 993, Liutgard donated her properties at Rugge to Saint Peter's abbey of Ghent for the soul of her husband. According to Thietmar's Chronicle, possibly in June 1005, she made peace with the West-Frisians through mediation by Emperor Henry.
The date of Lutgardis' death is not clear in view of conflicting sources including Annales Egmundani. It may well have been in 1005 or even later. She was buried in Egmont.

</doc>
<doc id="20011988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20011988" title="Ročevnica">
Ročevnica

Ročevnica is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012026" title="The Reflecting God">
The Reflecting God

"The Reflecting God" is a song by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It is the 15th track from "Antichrist Superstar". The song was released on October 8, 1996, along with the album. The song is the closing track on the band's 2004 compilation "". The song was written by Marilyn Manson, Twiggy Ramirez and Trent Reznor.

</doc>
<doc id="20012034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012034" title="R.K. Swamy">
R.K. Swamy

R.K. Swamy (1923–2003) was an Indian advertising industry executive who was involved in the operation of R.K. Swamy Advertising Associates, which later merged with BBDO Worldwide to form R.K. Swamy BBDO Advertising. He also worked at the top levels of the self-regulatory industry bodies such as the Advertising Agencies Association of India and the Audit Bureau of Circulation.
Swamy also invested in restoration work related to Hindu monuments and temples. 
Deeply involved in Indian heritage, culture and Hindu philosophy, Mr. Swamy was actively associated with the restoration of old temples and heritage monuments.
He died on June 5, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20012045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012045" title="National Library of the Czech Republic">
National Library of the Czech Republic

The National Library of the Czech Republic (Czech: "Národní knihovna České republiky") is the central library of the Czech Republic. The library is located in the historical building of Clementinum in Prague. It is directed by the Ministry of Culture. The National Library is the biggest library in the Czech Republic, in its funds there are around 6 millions of documents. The library has around 60 000 registered readers.

</doc>
<doc id="20012046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012046" title="Hedwig of Nordgau">
Hedwig of Nordgau

Hedwig of Nordgau (circa 922 – after 993) was the wife of Siegfried of Luxembourg, first count of Luxembourg and founder of the country. They were married circa 950. She was of Saxon origin but her parentage is not known for sure. Some sources list her as the daughter of count Eberhard IV of Nordgau and Luitgard of Lotharingia. Others claim that she was connected to the family of Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor. Described as "saintly" herself, Hedwig of Nordgau was the mother of Saint Cunigunde of Luxembourg, the seventh of eleven children from her marriage to Siegfried.
Children.
Hedwig of Nordgau's children included:

</doc>
<doc id="20012063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012063" title="Nils Trondsen Thune">
Nils Trondsen Thune

Nils Trondsen Thune (1835 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the first session of the Norwegian Parliament in 1871, 1874, 1877 and 1880, representing the constituency of Christians Amt. He worked as a farmer there.
He was the father of later politician Helge Nilsen Thune.

</doc>
<doc id="20012069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012069" title="Bibar">
Bibar

Bibar ( pronounced ) is a 2006 Bengali (Indian) film directed by Subrata Sen starring Subrata Datta, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Payel Sarkar, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Kunal Mitra, Shiladitya Patranabis, Pradip Mukhopadhyay, Anuradha Ray, Kanchan Mullick, Rajesh Sharma, Dulal Lahiri, Biswajit Chakraborty, Oindrilla Khan, and Rita Bhimani. Based on Samaresh Basu's 1965 controversial novel "Calcutta, Unabashed", "Bibar" deals with the angst of city youth in Calcutta, who are caught between the lures of a new, liberalized society and fast-fading traditional values.
Plot.
Biresh (Subrata Dutta), an investigating officer in a finance company, is at heart a bohemian with no rigid values in life. In love, he is caught in a psycho-sexual relationship with high-society call girl Nita (Tannishtha Chatterjee).
In his office, his position becomes bleak as he refuses a loan to an influential person. He starts drinking heavily and starts visiting Sonagachi, the infamous red-light area of Calcutta with his painter friend Hiren (Shiladitya Patranobish). He gets attracted towards a model, Iti (Payel Sarkar). Biresh, in a bout of self-destruction, vents his anger and frustration by strangling Nita and stages his alibi through Iti. The police start investigating but are unable to establish any motive behind the killing.
Promotion.
After looking around for the main cast (Raima Sen and Nandana Deb Sen were considered for the leads), Subrata Sen formed a star cast with Payel Sarkar, Subrata Dutta ("Rising") and Tannistha Chatterjee. Subrata Sen said, "I saw Payel's photo and interview in Calcutta Times and decided to cast her. Tannistha has worked German director Florian Gallenberger and I have worked with Subrata Dutta before in Swapner Ferriwallah and know his potential well. Bibar might be a difficult novel to translate onto screen but Sen has worked hard on the script."
Tannistha Chatterjee was recommended for "Bibar" by Nandana Deb Sen. "I am playing an upper class call girl who is straight forward and knows how she can get what she wants," says the actress, shooting in a Ballygunge house.
"This has been my most difficult film. Even veteran directors haven't had the courage to adopt Bibar. Hope people like my treatment." — Subrata Sen, "The Times of India", 13 December 2006

</doc>
<doc id="20012081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012081" title="James Morrell">
James Morrell


</doc>
<doc id="20012084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012084" title="MHITS">
MHITS

mHITs (Mobile Handset Initiated TransactionS) is an Australia micropayment service which allows users to send and receive money via SMS. The company offers a person-to-person payment system that uses a mobile phone as the transaction device rather than an automatic teller or EFTPOS terminal. Users send and receive money via SMS text message and can make payments instantly between any Australian mobile phone.
Users can also make purchases from on-line merchants, pay parking fees and taxi fares. mHITs also offers a Point Of Sale (POS) terminal which allows the service to be used at retail points of sale, such as ordering a coffee or purchasing a magazine. As the SMS authorising payment can also include a message, users have discovered that the service can be utilised to pre-order products, such that they are ready for pickup upon arrival at the store.
History.
mHITs was first launched in Australia in 2004 as a platform for delivering pre-paid mobile re-charge vouchers via SMS. 
The service was re-launched in May 2006 in its current form as a mobile wallet, focusing on person-to-person transactions and beginning a limited rollout of merchant terminals in and around Sydney. The service has since expanded to include venues around the country, focusing primarily on ordering and paying coffee.
mHITs has won numerous awards for innovation including The Australian Mobile Awards.
mHITs was an episode winner on ABC TVs The New Inventors and has won technology and innovation awards including the Australian Capital Territory's financial category of the iAwards, and the People's Choice Next Big Thing Award in 2007.
In 2009, the company has expanded its operations to apply it's mobile payment technology in the developing world for the unbanked. Several services have been deployed in Papua New Guinea in conjunction with Digicel PNG. One very successful service has been their BuyPower platform which enabled subscribers to purchase prepaid electricity directly using carrier airtime. The service operates under the service Easipawa Easipay on the Digicel PNG network.
More work on the company's work in developing markets including case studies is available on their corporate website mHITs Limited. Their focus is on Asia-Pacific and African markets.
Operation.
mHITs utilises a prepaid model (identical in principle to pre-paid phone credit) to ensure that the customer has funds ready to use before authorising payment transactions. This model ensures that the customer will not continue incurring debt or overdraw fees as an mHITs account cannot be overdrawn. This model is based on the standard mobile wallet architecture used for payment systems in developing markets such as mPesa in Kenya.
Under the mHITs Australia SMS mobile wallet, users and merchants are required to register an account with mHITs to access the mHITs payment service. Transactions are possible between:
The platform also has the ability to be used for online or digital purchases.
Current status.
The number of cafe locations opting to join the mHITs network has been steadily growing since the beginning of 2009. The current promotion "Next Coffee Free," began in early April 2009 and coincided with a Facebook advertising campaign in an effort to gain further brand awareness. Customers opting to join the service are welcomed with an initial free $5 worth of credit. The service provides an additional $5 credit to existing members for each new person they introduce to mHITs.
Canberra based coffee chain "Coffee Guru" recently launched mHITs in its stores, enabling its customers to bypass the ordering queue.
In 2012 mHITs launched an International Mobile Remittance service which allows mHITs users to send money instantly to counterpart mobile money services in overseas markets. This service is one of the first of its type in the world and offers the lowest cost remittance available. Current remittance corridors include The Philippines (Globe GCash and Smart Money), Ghana (MTN Money), Kenya (m-Pesa) and Nepal (eSewa). See mHITs Remit

</doc>
<doc id="20012088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012088" title="Sebenje">
Sebenje

Sebenje is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012089" title="Nils Thune">
Nils Thune

Nils Thune (2 March 1898 - 1 April 1988) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oppland during the term 1950–1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20012107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012107" title="A14 motorway (Switzerland)">
A14 motorway (Switzerland)

The A14 motorway, an Autobahn in central Switzerland, is a divided highway connecting the A2 with the A4, within the Canton of Lucerne.
The A14 is congruent with the National Road N14 and part of the main traffic artery between the Innerschweitz and the metropolitan area Zurich. It runs mostly along the Reuss (river), which it twice crosses. The second bridge on the Reuss River is the second highest bridge in the Canton of Zug.

</doc>
<doc id="20012109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012109" title="Aesop">
Aesop

Aesop ( ; , "Aisōpos", c. 620–564 BCE) was an Ancient Greek fabulist or story teller credited with a number of fables now collectively known as "Aesop's Fables". Although his existence remains uncertain and (if they ever existed) no writings by him survive, numerous tales credited to him were gathered across the centuries and in many languages in a storytelling tradition that continues to this day. Many of the tales are characterized by animals and inanimate objects that speak, solve problems, and generally have human characteristics.
Scattered details of Aesop's life can be found in ancient sources, including Aristotle, Herodotus, and Plutarch. An ancient literary work called "The Aesop Romance" tells an episodic, probably highly fictional version of his life, including the traditional description of him as a strikingly ugly slave () who by his cleverness acquires freedom and becomes an adviser to kings and city-states. Older spellings of his name have included "Esop(e)" and "Isope". A later tradition (dating from the Middle Ages) depicts Aesop as a black Ethiopian. Depictions of Aesop in popular culture over the last 2500 years have included several works of art and his appearance as a character in numerous books, films, plays, and television programs.
Life.
The earliest Greek sources, including Aristotle, indicate that Aesop was born around 620 BCE in Thrace at a site on the Black Sea coast which would later become the city Mesembria. A number of later writers from the Roman imperial period (including Phaedrus, who adapted the fables into Latin) say that he was born in Phrygia. The 3rd-century poet Callimachus called him "Aesop of Sardis," and the later writer Maximus of Tyre called him "the sage of Lydia."
From Aristotle and Herodotus we learn that Aesop was a slave in Samos and that his masters were first a man named Xanthus and then a man named Iadmon; that he must eventually have been freed, because he argued as an advocate for a wealthy Samian; and that he met his end in the city of Delphi. Plutarch tells us that Aesop had come to Delphi on a diplomatic mission from King Croesus of Lydia, that he insulted the Delphians, was sentenced to death on a trumped-up charge of temple theft, and was thrown from a cliff (after which the Delphians suffered pestilence and famine); before this fatal episode, Aesop met with Periander of Corinth, where Plutarch has him dining with the Seven Sages of Greece, sitting beside his friend Solon, whom he had met in Sardis. (Leslie Kurke suggests that Aesop himself "was a popular contender for inclusion" in the list of Seven Sages).
Problems of chronological reconciliation dating the death of Aesop and the reign of Croesus led the Aesop scholar (and compiler of the Perry Index) Ben Edwin Perry in 1965 to conclude that "everything in the ancient testimony about Aesop that pertains to his associations with either Croesus or with any of the so-called Seven Wise Men of Greece must be reckoned as literary fiction," and Perry likewise dismissed Aesop's death in Delphi as legendary; but subsequent research has established that a possible diplomatic mission for Croesus and a visit to Periander "are consistent with the year of Aesop's death." Still problematic is the story by Phaedrus which has Aesop in Athens, telling the fable of the frogs who asked for a king, during the reign of Peisistratos, which occurred decades after the presumed date of Aesop's death.
"The Aesop Romance".
Along with the scattered references in the ancient sources regarding the life and death of Aesop, there is a highly fictional biography now commonly called "The Aesop Romance" (also known as the "Vita" or "The Life of Aesop" or "The Book of Xanthus the Philosopher and Aesop His Slave"), "an anonymous work of Greek popular literature composed around the second century of our era ... Like "The Alexander Romance", "The Aesop Romance" became a folkbook, a work that belonged to no one, and the occasional writer felt free to modify as it might suit him." Multiple, sometimes contradictory, versions of this work exist. The earliest known version "was probably composed in the 1st century AD", but the story "probably circulated in different versions for centuries before it was committed to writing"; "certain elements can be shown to originate in the 4th century BC." Scholars long dismissed any historical or biographical validity in "The Aesop Romance"; widespread study of the work began only toward the end of the 20th century.
In "The Aesop Romance", Aesop is a slave of Phrygian origin on the island of Samos, and extremely ugly. At first he lacks the power of speech, but after showing kindness to a priestess of Isis, is granted by the goddess not only speech but a gift for clever storytelling, which he uses alternately to assist and confound his master, Xanthus, embarrassing the philosopher in front of his students and even sleeping with his wife. After interpreting a portent for the people of Samos, Aesop is given his freedom and acts as an emissary between the Samians and King Croesus. Later he travels to the courts of Lycurgus of Babylon and Nectanabo of Egypt – both imaginary rulers – in a section that appears to borrow heavily from the romance of Ahiqar. The story ends with Aesop's journey to Delphi, where he angers the citizens by telling insulting fables, is sentenced to death and, after cursing the people of Delphi, is forced to jump to his death.
Fabulist.
Aesop may or may not have written his fables. "The Aesop Romance" claims that he wrote them down and deposited them in the library of Croesus; Herodotus calls Aesop a "writer of fables" and Aristophanes speaks of "reading" Aesop, but no writings by Aesop have survived. Scholars speculate that "there probably existed in the fifth century a written book containing various fables of Aesop, set in a biographical framework." Sophocles in a poem addressed to Euripides made reference to Aesop's fable of the North Wind and the Sun. Socrates while in prison turned some of the fables into verse, of which Diogenes Laertius records a small fragment. The early Roman playwright and poet Ennius also rendered at least one of Aesop's fables in Latin verse, of which the last two lines still exist.
The body of work identified as Aesop's Fables was transmitted by a series of authors writing in both Greek and Latin. Demetrius of Phalerum made a collection in ten books, probably in prose ("Αισοπείων α") for the use of orators, which has been lost. Next appeared an edition in elegiac verse, cited by the Suda, but the author's name is unknown. Phaedrus, a freedman of Augustus, rendered the fables into Latin in the 1st century CE. At about the same time Babrius turned the fables into Greek choliambics. A 3rd-century author, Titianus is said to have rendered the fables into prose in a work now lost. Avianus (of uncertain date, perhaps the 4th century) translated 42 of the fables into Latin elegiacs. The 4th-century grammarian Dositheus Magister also made a collection of Aesop's Fables, now lost.
Aesop's Fables continued to be revised and translated through the ensuing centuries, with the addition of material from other cultures, so that the body of fables known today bears little relation to those Aesop originally told. With a surge in scholarly interest beginning toward the end of the 20th century, some attempt has been made to determine the nature and content of the very earliest fables which may be most closely linked to the historic Aesop.
Physical appearance and the question of African origin.
The anonymously authored "Aesop Romance" (usually dated to the 1st or 2nd century CE) begins with a vivid description of Aesop's appearance, saying he was "of loathsome aspect... potbellied, misshapen of head, snub-nosed, swarthy, dwarfish, bandy-legged, short-armed, squint-eyed, liver-lipped—a portentous monstrosity," or as another translation has it, "a faulty creation of Prometheus when half-asleep." The earliest text by a known author that refers to Aesop's appearance is Himerius in the 4th century, who says that Aesop "was laughed at and made fun of, not because of some of his tales but on account of his looks and the sound of his voice." The evidence from both of these sources is dubious, since Himerius lived some 800 years after Aesop and his image of Aesop may have come from "The Aesop Romance", which is essentially fiction; but whether based on fact or not, at some point the idea of an ugly, even deformed Aesop took hold in popular imagination. Scholars have begun to examine why and how this "physiognomic tradition" developed.
A much later tradition depicts Aesop as a black African from Ethiopia. The presence of such slaves in Greek-speaking areas is suggested by the fable "Washing the Ethiopian white" that is ascribed to Aesop himself. This concerns a man who buys a black slave and, assuming that he was neglected by his former master, tries very hard to wash the blackness away. But nowhere in the fable is it suggested that this constitutes a personal reference. The first known promulgator of the idea was Planudes, a Byzantine scholar of the 13th century who wrote a biography of Aesop based on "The Aesop Romance" and conjectured that Aesop might have been Ethiopian, given his name. An English translation of Planudes' biography from 1687 says that "his Complexion black, from which dark Tincture he contracted his Name ("Aesopus" being the same with "Aethiops")". When asked his origin by a prospective new master, Aesop replies, "I am a Negro"; numerous illustrations by Francis Barlow accompany this text and depict Aesop accordingly. But according to Gert-Jan van Dijk, "Planudes' derivation of 'Aesop' from 'Aethiopian' is... etymologically incorrect," and Frank Snowden says that Planudes' account is "worthless as to the reliability of Aesop as 'Ethiopian.'"
The tradition of Aesop's African origin was carried forward into the 19th century. The frontispiece of William Godwin's "Fables Ancient and Modern" (1805) has a copperplate illustration of Aesop relating his stories to little children that gives his features a distinctly African appearance. The collection includes the fable of "Washing the Blackamoor white", although updating it and making the Ethiopian 'a black footman'. In 1856 William Martin Leake repeated the false etymological linkage of "Aesop" with "Aethiop" when he suggested that the "head of a negro" found on several coins from ancient Delphi (with specimens dated as early as 520 BCE) might depict Aesop, presumably to commemorate (and atone for) his execution at Delphi, but Theodor Panofka supposed the head to be a portrait of Delphos, founder of Delphi, a view more widely repeated by later historians.
The idea that Aesop was Ethiopian has been further encouraged by the presence of camels, elephants, and apes in the fables, even though these African elements are more likely to have come from Egypt and Libya than from Ethiopia, and the fables featuring African animals may have entered the body of Aesopic fables long after Aesop actually lived. Nevertheless, in 1932 the anthropologist J.H. Driberg, repeating the Aesop/Aethiop linkage, asserted that, while "some say he was a Phrygian... the more general view... is that he was an African", and "if Aesop was not an African, he ought to have been;" and in 2002 Richard A. Lobban cited the number of African animals and "artifacts" in the Aesopic fables as "circumstantial evidence" that Aesop may have been a Nubian folkteller.
Popular perception of Aesop as black may have been further encouraged by a perceived similarity between fables of the trickster Br'er Rabbit, told by African-American slaves, and the traditional role of the slave Aesop as "a kind of culture hero of the oppressed, and the "Life" ["of Aesop"] as a how-to handbook for the successful manipulation of superiors." This is reinforced by the 1971 TV production "Aesop's Fables" in which Bill Cosby played Aesop. In this mixture of live action and animation, two black children wander into an enchanted grove, where Aesop tells them fables that differentiate between realistic and unrealistic ambition. His version there of "The Tortoise and the Hare" illustrates how to take advantage of an opponent's over-confidence.
On other continents Aesop has occasionally undergone a degree of acculturation. This is evident in Isango Portobello's 2010 production of the play "Aesop's Fables" at the Fugard Theatre in Cape Town, South Africa. Based on a script by British playwright Peter Terson (1983), it was radically adapted by the director Mark Dornford-May as a musical using native African instrumentation, dance and stage conventions. Although Aesop is portrayed as Greek, and dressed in the short Greek tunic, the all-black production contextualises the story in the recent history of South Africa. The former slave, we are told "learns that liberty comes with responsibility as he journeys to his own freedom, joined by the animal characters of his parable-like fables." One might compare with this Brian Seward's "Aesop's Fabulous Fables" (2009), which first played in Singapore with a cast of mixed ethnicities. In it Chinese theatrical routines are merged with those of a standard musical.
There had already been an example of Asian acculturation in 17th-century Japan. There Portuguese missionaries had introduced a translation of the fables ("Esopo no Fabulas", 1593) that included the biography of Aesop. This was then taken up by Japanese printers and taken through several editions under the title "Isopo Monogatari". Even when Europeans were expelled from Japan and Christianity proscribed, this text survived, in part because the figure of Aesop had been assimilated into the culture and depicted in woodcuts as dressed in Japanese costume.
Depictions.
Art and literature.
Ancient sources mention two statues of Aesop, one by Aristodemus and another by Lysippus, and Philostratus describes a painting of Aesop surrounded by the animals of his fables. None of these images have survived. According to Philostratus,
With the advent of printing in Europe, various illustrators tried to recreate this scene. One of the earliest was in Spain's "La vida del Ysopet con sus fabulas historiadas" (1489, see above). In France there was I. Baudoin's "Fables d’Ésope Phrygien" (1631) and Matthieu Guillemot's "Les images ou tableaux de platte peinture des deux Philostrates" (1637). In England there was Francis Cleyn's frontispiece to John Ogilby's "The Fables of Aesop" and the much later frontispiece to Godwin's "Fables Ancient and Modern" mentioned above in which the swarthy fabulist points out three of his characters to the children seated about him.
Early on, the representation of Aesop as an ugly slave emerged. The later tradition which makes Aesop a black African resulted in depictions ranging from 17th-century engravings to a television portrayal by a black comedian. In general, beginning in the 20th century, plays have shown Aesop as a slave, but not ugly, while movies and television shows (such as "The Bullwinkle Show") have depicted him as neither ugly nor a slave.
In 1843, the archaeologist Otto Jahn suggested that Aesop was the person depicted on a Greek red-figure cup, c.450 BC, in the Vatican Museums. Paul Zanker describes the figure as a man with "emaciated body and oversized head... furrowed brow and open mouth", who "listens carefully to the teachings of the fox sitting before him. He has pulled his mantle tightly around his meager body, as if he were shivering... he is ugly, with long hair, bald head, and unkempt, scraggly beard, and is clearly uncaring of his appearance." Some archaeologists have suggested that the Hellenistic statue of a bearded hunchback with an intellectual appearance, discovered in the 18th century and pictured at the head of this article, also depicts Aesop, although alternative identifications have since been put forward.
Aesop began to appear equally early in literary works. The 4th-century-BCE Athenian playwright Alexis put Aesop on the stage in his comedy "Aesop", of which a few lines survive (Athenaeus 10.432); conversing with Solon, Aesop praises the Athenian practice of adding water to wine. Leslie Kurke suggests that Aesop may have been "a staple of the comic stage" of this era.
The 3rd-century-BCE poet Poseidippus of Pella wrote a narrative poem entitled "Aesopia" (now lost), in which Aesop's fellow slave Rhodopis (under her original name Doricha) was frequently mentioned, according to Athenaeus 13.596. Pliny would later identify Rhodopis as Aesop's lover, a romantic motif that would be repeated in subsequent popular depictions of Aesop.
Aesop plays a fairly prominent part in Plutarch's conversation piece "The Banquet of the Seven Sages" in the 1st century CE and is there identified as the teller of amusing but moralistic fables. The fabulist then makes a cameo appearance in the novel "A True Story" by the 2nd-century satirist Lucian; when the narrator arrives at the Island of the Blessed, he finds that "Aesop the Phrygian was there, too; he acts as their jester."
Beginning with the Heinrich Steinhowel edition of 1476, many translations of the fables into European languages, which also incorporated Planudes' Life of Aesop, featured illustrations depicting him as a hunchback. The 1687 edition of "Aesop's Fables with His Life: in English, French and Latin" included 28 engravings by Francis Barlow which show him as a dwarfish hunchback (see in the section above), and his facial features appear to accord with his statement in the text (p. 7), "I am a Negro".
The Spaniard Diego Velázquez painted a portrait of Aesop, dated 1639-40 and now in the collection of the Museo del Prado. The presentation is anachronistic and Aesop, while arguably not handsome, displays no physical deformities. It was partnered by another portrait of Menippus, a satirical philosopher equally of slave-origin. A similar philosophers series was painted by fellow Spaniard Jusepe de Ribera, who is credited with two portraits of Aesop. "Aesop, poet of the fables" is in the El Escorial gallery and pictures him as an author leaning on a staff by a table which holds copies of his work, one of them a book with the name Hissopo on the cover. The other is in the Museo de Prado, dated 1640-50 and titled "Aesop in beggar’s rags". There he is also shown at a table, holding a sheet of paper in his left hand and writing with the other. While the former hints at his lameness and deformed back, the latter only emphasises his poverty.
In 1690, French playwright Edmé Boursault's "Les fables d'Esope" (later known as "Esope à la ville") premiered in Paris. A sequel, "Esope à la cour" (Aesop at Court), was first performed in 1701; drawing on a mention in Herodotus 2.134-5 that Aesop had once been owned by the same master as Rhodopis, and the statement in Pliny 36.17 that she was Aesop's concubine as well, the play introduced Rodope as Aesop's mistress, a romantic motif that would be repeated in later popular depictions of Aesop.
Sir John Vanbrugh's comedy "Aesop" was premièred at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, London, in 1697 and was frequently performed there for the next twenty years. A translation and adaptation of Boursault's "Les fables d'Esope", Vanbrugh's play depicted a physically ugly Aesop acting as adviser to Learchus, governor of Cyzicus under King Croesus, and using his fables to solve romantic problems and quiet political unrest.
In 1780, the anonymously authored novelette "The History and Amours of Rhodope" was published in London. The story casts the two slaves Rhodope and Aesop as unlikely lovers, one ugly and the other beautiful; ultimately Rhodope is parted from Aesop and marries the Pharaoh of Egypt. Some editions of the volume were illustrated with an engraving by Francesco Bartolozzi of a work by the painter Angelica Kauffman. Titled "The beautiful Rhodope in love with Aesop", it pictures Rhodope leaning on an urn; she holds out her hand to Aesop, who is seated under a tree and turns his head to look at her. His right arm rests on a cage of doves, towards which he gestures. There is some ambiguity here, for while the cage suggests the captive state of both of them, a raven perched outside the cage may allude to his supposed colour. In fact, the whole picture is planned to suggest how different the couple are. Rhodope and Aesop lean on opposite elbows, gesture with opposite hands, and while Rhodope's hand is held palm upwards, Aesop's is held palm downwards. She stands while he sits; he is dressed in dark clothes, she in white.
In 1844, Walter Savage Landor, who wrote Imaginary Conversations, published two fictional dialogues between Aesop and Rhodope.
Popular culture.
Abandoning the perennial image of Aesop as an ugly slave, the movie "Night in Paradise" (1946) cast Turhan Bey in the role, depicting Aesop as an advisor to King Croesus who falls in love with the king's intended bride, a Persian princess played by Merle Oberon. There was also the 1953 teleplay "Aesop and Rhodope" by Helene Hanff, broadcast on Hallmark Hall of Fame with Lamont Johnson playing Aesop.
"A raposa e as uvas" ("The Fox and the Grapes"), a play in three acts about the life of Aesop by Brazilian dramatist Guilherme Figueiredo, was published in 1953 and has been performed in many countries, including a videotaped production in China in 2000 under the title "Hu li yu pu tao" or 狐狸与葡萄.
Beginning in 1959, animated shorts under the title "Aesop and Son" appeared as a recurring segment in the TV series "Rocky and His Friends" and its successor, "The Bullwinkle Show". The image of Aesop as ugly slave was abandoned; Aesop (voiced by Charles Ruggles), a Greek citizen, would recount a fable for the edification of his son, Aesop Jr., who would then deliver the moral in the form of an atrocious pun. Aesop's 1998 appearance in the episode "Hercules and the Kids" in the animated TV series "Hercules" (voiced by Robert Keeshan) amounted to little more than a cameo.
Occasions on which Aesop is portrayed as black include Richard Durham's "Destination Freedom" radio show broadcast (1949), where the drama "The Death of Aesop," portrays him as an Ethiopian. In 1971, Bill Cosby played Aesop in the TV production "Aesop's Fables".
The musical "Aesop's Fables" by British playwright Peter Terson was first produced in 1983. In 2010, the play was staged at the Fugard Theatre in Cape Town, South Africa with Mhlekahi Mosiea as Aesop.

</doc>
<doc id="20012121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012121" title="Krichim Hydro Power Plant">
Krichim Hydro Power Plant

The Krichim Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in Krichim, Bulgaria. It has 4 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 20 MW which will deliver up to 80 MW of power. 

</doc>
<doc id="20012137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012137" title="Momina Klisura Hydroelectric Power Station">
Momina Klisura Hydroelectric Power Station

The Momina Klisura Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in the eastern Rila mountains, located at the Maritsa river near Momina Klisura village, Bulgaria. It has 4 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 30 MW which will deliver up to 120 MW of power. It is the final stage of the Belmeken-Chaira-Sestrimo Hydropower Cascade.

</doc>
<doc id="20012146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012146" title="Orphey Hydroelectric Power Station">
Orphey Hydroelectric Power Station

The Orphey Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project near Krichim, Bulgaria. It has 4 individual Francis turbines which will deliver up to 160 MW of power. One of the turbines can be used as a pump as well (38 MW), making this power plant a pumped storage type. The plant uses water from the Vacha Reservoir, and is part of the Dospat-Vacha Hydro Power Cascade. The plant is named after Orpheus, who is said to have lived in these lands.

</doc>
<doc id="20012148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012148" title="Keelavaippar">
Keelavaippar

Keelavaippar or Kilavaippar is a small village on the eastern coast of south India, inhabited predominantly by Paravars. Fishing is the primary occupation, as it has been throughout Paravar history.
Religion.
On the eastern bank of the Vaippar river is the church of Our Lady of Assumption, one of the first churches built by the Portuguese in the sub-continent. The Jesuit record shows that a church dedicated to Our Lady of Assumption existed as early as 1571. The feast of Our Lady of Assumption is celebrated annually on 15 August, being preceded by a flag hoisting ceremony on 6 August and with novena prayers on all subsequent days until the feast itself.
Keelavaippar is one of the ancient five Padroado parishes of the Pearl Fishery Coast. Even after Tuticorin was made a diocese, it continued to be a part of the Mylapore Padroado diocese. In accordance with an agreement between the Vatican and the Portuguese government, the parish was joined with Tuticorin diocese on 4 April 1930. This parish was made into seven Basic Christian Communities on 11 December 1994. In 1995 a parish council was constituted with the representatives of the Basic Christian Communities. St. Antony’s grotto in the beach was enlarged in 1995 and a grotto of the Child Jesus was constructed inside the campus in 1996.
Parish Priests:

</doc>
<doc id="20012149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012149" title="Gro Hillestad Thune">
Gro Hillestad Thune

Gro Hillestad Thune (born 19 January 1943) is a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Labour Party.
Born in Oslo, she served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 1977–1981.
She chaired the Norwegian Consumer Council from 1977 to 1984. She was a member of the board of NAVF from 1980 to 1982 and the National Institute for Consumer Research from 1980 to 1984, and chaired the board of Radiumhospitalet from 1980 to 1985.
A lawyer by profession, she was a member of the European Commission of Human Rights from 1982 to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20012158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012158" title="Vegard Thune">
Vegard Thune

Vegard Thune (born 26 August 1951) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oppland during the term 1989–1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20012162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012162" title="David Bruce MacDonald">
David Bruce MacDonald

David Bruce MacDonald has an international reputation in the academic fields of Comparative Indigenous Politics, US politics, International Relations, nationalism studies, genocide and human rights. He is currently Associate Professor in Political Science at the University of Guelph, Ontario, Canada. From 2002 to 2008, he was a senior lecturer at the Political Studies Department, University of Otago, Dunedin, New Zealand. From 1999 to 2002 he was Assistant Visiting Professor in the Social Sciences at the ECSP Europe, Paris. He was the deputy editor and book reviews editor of "". He holds a PhD in International relations from the London School of Economics and Political Science which he attended as a Rotary Ambassadorial Scholar. He also holds an MA in Political Science from the University of Ottawa, and a BA from Carleton University.
Work on the former Yugoslavia.
Much of his previous research has focused on nationalism and identity politics, a subfield of International Relations. This intersects with the study of genocide and ethnic conflict, which has more historical and sociological dimensions. His first book sought to understand how the Americanization (or cosmopolitanization) of the Jewish Holocaust and its accompanying imagery has been used by national and sub-national groups seeking to achieve greater internal cohesion, while mobilizing their populations to achieve collective goals, anything from state apologies and compensation to territorial aggrandizement. At one level, the Holocaust privileges marginalized groups and their claims for justice or redress at national and international levels. It reframes group history, and promotes the belief that vulnerable groups have the right to ensure their security in a hostile environment. The Americanization process has influenced identity politics, from American Indians, and Serbs and Croats, to more recent attempts by American conservatives to redefine anti-Americanism, promoting their country’s vulnerability and new-found mission after 9/11. However, as his research has shown, there is a twin danger involved. Many groups who use the Holocaust end up trivializing its imagery and belittling its victims, while ironically decontextualizing their own histories in the process. During field research in the former Yugoslavia during 1994 and 1999, MacDonald tried to solve the puzzle of why actors assiduously claimed victim status, while simultaneously engaging in ethnic cleansing and other war crimes. His first critically acclaimed book "Balkan holocausts?" (Manchester University Press, 2002)[http://www.amazon.co.uk/Balkan-Holocausts-Propaganda-Yugoslavia-Approaches/dp/0719064678], critiqued the widespread use of Holocaust imagery, while examining how the history of Serbian-Croatian relations was rewritten during the 1990s. The “borrowing” of Holocaust imagery reflected the success of its Americanization, and its emergence in popular discourse as a symbol for absolute evil. Claims to victimhood performed an instrumental function. They rallied co-nationals behind the government. Internationally, such claims helped confuse outside observers, leading to myths of “ancient ethnic hatreds” which helped Western leaders avoid plunging too deeply into the conflict. MacDonald went on to lead a team of scholars within the “Scholar’s Initiative”, created by Professor Charles Ingrao at Purdue University . This is an international project of historians and social scientists, attempting to write an impartial history of the conflict. He acted as team leader of “Living Together or Hating Each Other?”. Here, the team attempted to understand how perceptions of vulnerability and fear of outsiders helped provoke conflict, while exploring the role new narratives can play in promoting healing and reconciliation. The report concluded with a healthy skepticism about the likelihood of overcoming strongly held animosities in the near future, especially when nationalist oriented political parties and media institutions continue to exert tremendous influence in public life.
Identity politics and genocide.
His second book, "Identity Politics in the Age of Genocide" (Routledge, 2008)[http://www.amazon.com/Identity-Politics-Genocide-Representation-International/dp/0415430615], examined how Holocaust Americanization impacted on other ethnic and social groups. The book featured theoretical chapters about the Holocaust’s use/misuse by ethnic and social groups, and dissected claims of Holocaust uniqueness (with analysis of fourteen arguments). Case studies of how Americanization has impacted on indigenous historical representation in America, Australia, and New Zealand, and amongst Diaspora Chinese, Armenians, and Serbs show these uses/misuses. Invoking the Holocaust helps draw public attention to a group’s claims. However, as MacDonald demonstrated, there is a twin danger involved. Many groups who use the Holocaust end up trivializing its imagery and belittling its victims, while ironically decontextualizing their own histories in the process. In a recent article in the "Canadian Journal of Political Science", MacDonald added a Canadian First Nations case study as well.
U.S. politics.
"Thinking History, Fighting Evil" (Lexington / Rowman & Littlefield, 2009)[http://www.lexingtonbooks.com/Catalog/SingleBook.shtml?command=Search&db=^DB/CATALOG.db&eqSKUdata=0739125028] applies his theoretical work to the study of American domestic and foreign policy. The presents the most thorough exploration to date of how World War II analogies, particularly those focused on the Holocaust, have colored American foreign policy-making after 9/11. In particular, MacDonald's book highlights how influential neoconservatives inside and outside the Bush administration used analogies of the “Good War” to reinterpret domestic and international events. This book explores the misuse of ten key analogies arising from World War II, and charts their deployment after the 9/11 attacks. Divided into eight chapters, "Thinking History, Fighting Evil" engages with timely issues such as the moral legacies of the civil rights era, identity politics movements, the representation of the Holocaust in American life, the rise of victim politics on the neoconservative right, the instrumentalization of anti-American and anti-Semitic discourses, the trans-Atlantic rift between Europe and the U.S., and the war on terror. While the book focuses on the post-9/11 security environment, it also explores the history of exceptionalism in U.S. history and politics, tracing back Manichaean conceptions of good and evil to the foundation of the early colonies.
Aboriginal politics in Canada.
Professor MacDonald's current work focuses on Aboriginal Politics and the UN Genocide Convention in Canada. In 2009 he received an SSHRCC research grant to look at the genocidal implications of residential schooling. His research has been focused on answering the following questions: 
His interest lies in the intersection of, on one hand, the factual events of what groups have suffered in their past and the legacies of those traumatic collective memories, and on the other, the strategies so-called “memory entrepreneurs” employ to strategically remember certain aspects of their history, in the search for acknowledgement, apology, and restitution for the problems which have assailed their group.

</doc>
<doc id="20012169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012169" title="Senično">
Senično

Senično (in older sources also "Stenično", ) is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Bartholomew and dates from the 14th century with well-preserved late 15th-century frescos on the walls and ceiling of the sanctuary. The church lies inside a walled enclosure with a portal dated 1738.

</doc>
<doc id="20012385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012385" title="Alness Academy">
Alness Academy

Alness Academy () is a secondary school in Alness, Highland in the north on the Cromarty Firth of Scotland, serving the town of Alness and the villages of Evanton and Ardross. Along with five associated primary schools, it was one of the pilot New Community Schools in the Highlands.
Built in the 1970s, it is one of the main schools in Ross-shire, with around about 500 pupils.
The school's resources include; a multi-purpose Concourse, a hundred seat Lecture Theatre and a library. The PE complex houses a 25 metre swimming pool.
In 2008, the school won a Gold Award in Scotland's Health at Work program. It was the first school in the Highlands and the fifth in Scotland to win the top award.
As part of the Highland Council's Sustainable School Estate Review, Alness Academy along with Invergordon Academy and several feeder primaries, are involved in a public consultation with a view to replace or renew schools provision in the area. Given the proximity of the two towns, various options are being considered, including replacing the schools within their current footprints or building a single secondary to serve both towns. Given the dilapidated state of the current building, renovation is thought to be unfeasible.

</doc>
<doc id="20012387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012387" title="Wade Everett">
Wade Everett

Wade Everett was the pseudonym used by the authors Will Cook and Giles A. Lutz to write western novels.

</doc>
<doc id="20012400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012400" title="Slap, Tržič">
Slap, Tržič

Slap is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012409" title="National Institute for Consumer Research">
National Institute for Consumer Research

The National Institute for Consumer Research (, SIFO) is a consumer affairs research institute based in Oslo, Norway. It has researchers in both social and natural sciences.
Albeit non-biased, it is not organizationally independent, as it is subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Children and Family Affairs, who appoints its board of directors and provides the funding.
The institute has 55 employees. It is divided into three departments; Consumption and Economy, Technology and Environment, and Market and Politics. The current director general is Arne Dulsrud; the director of research is Eivind Stø.

</doc>
<doc id="20012411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012411" title="Kudiattam">
Kudiattam

Kudiattam is a 1986 documentary film on 2000 year old Sanskrit drama tradition of Kerala state of India, Kutiyattam. The film is directed by Prakash Jha. The film features greatest Kutiyattam maestro of modern times Guru Natyacharya Māni Mādhava Chākyār. The film has won Indian government's National Film Award for Best Arts/Cultural Film in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20012425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012425" title="Leonard Burrows">
Leonard Burrows

The Rt Rev Leonard Hedley Burrows was an eminent Anglican Priest in the first half of the 20th century. 
Born at Rugby, Warwickshire on 7 December 1857, he was educated at Charterhouse and New College, Oxford. Ordained in 1881, he was a Curate at Dorking after which he was Vicar of Wrecclesham and then Rural Dean of Godalming before his appointment as Bishop of Lewes. Translated to Sheffield in 1914 he served 25 years as its first Diocesan Bishop. He died on 6 February 1940.
Burrows was the father of Hedley Burrows (Dean of Hereford) and grandfather of Simon Burrows (Bishop of Buckingham).

</doc>
<doc id="20012439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012439" title="Mastodonsauridae">
Mastodonsauridae

Mastodonsauridae is a family of capitosauroid temnospondyls. Fossils belonging to this family have been found in North America, Greenland, Europe, Asia, and Australia. The family Capitosauridae (also known as Cyclotosauridae and Stenotosauridae) is synonymous with Mastodonsauridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="20012442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012442" title="Sebuzín">
Sebuzín

Sebuzín is a village in the Ústí nad Labem Region, Czech Republic. It is the part of the urban perimeter of Ústí nad Labem - Střekov. It is located on the right bank of the River Labe, in the Czech Central protected landscape area České Středohoří, on Tlučeň creek above sea level. The hills Krkavčí skála, Varhošť, Trabice and Deblík are in the surrounding area.
History.
The first mention of Sebuzín was in 1251. The name is derived from Slavonic name Chcebud. Sebuzín was a liege village, which was despoiled during the 30 Years War. The first mention of the school in the village was in 1774. Most of houses where destroyed by a big fire in 1827. In 1855, a cholera epidemic spread. The main livelihood of the inhabitants is in growing fruit trees (cherries, apricots, apples, peaches, pears) and exporting it to Germany down the River Labe. Sebuzín was part of the town of Litoměřice until 1960.
Historic sites.
The Baroque chapel of St. Vincent Ferrer is situated upon the village square in the centre of the village. It is a registered national landmark protected by the state. It was built in 1745. There is a sculpture in the niche and an iron bell in the pinnacle.

</doc>
<doc id="20012455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012455" title="Eric Adjei">
Eric Adjei

Eric Kwame Adjei (born September 12, 1984 in Tema, Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a midfielder for SK Roudnice nad Labem.

</doc>
<doc id="20012459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012459" title="Alfred Nieman">
Alfred Nieman

Alfred Nieman (1914 – 7 March 1997) was a British pianist and composer.
Born in the East End of London in 1914 to Polish immigrant parents, Alfred Nieman was playing piano for the silent cinema by the age of fourteen. His talent as a pianist was spotted and the result was that he won a piano scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music. In the 1930s he edited a six penny magazine "The Student".
Characteristically he attended few of his piano lessons but preferred to study by attending concerts given by his pianist heroes (such as Vladimir Horowitz ) and securing a seat from which he could watch and analyse the technique. He learned more from "observation in the field" than his teaching at the Academy was able to teach him.
Before World War II, he had a very successful piano duo with his contemporary Cimbro Martin called "Merlin and Martyn". During the war the duo replaced Rawicz and Landau at their engagements when this much admired duo was interned. While their success was interrupted by the war and, and, as conscientious objectors the duo became firemen throughout the London Blitz, Merlin and Martyn was a regular act at The Dorchester Hotel in London.
After the war he picked up the threads of his career by becoming a BBC "house" pianist and was assigned tasks which required him on one occasion to accompany Noël Coward and on another to stand in for the soloist and broadcast a piano concerto at very short notice.
Alfred composed extensively and across the whole spectrum of musical idioms, protecting the then perceived respectability of his reputation as a serious composer by writing under at least six pseudonyms. He ghost wrote music on occasions including some film music which was credited to Benjamin Britten.
He married in 1938 and with new family responsibilities (sons Julian, born 1946, and Paul, born 1950) he took up a professorship (1947) for piano and composition at the Guildhall School of Music where he introduced and pioneered the use of improvisation, largely atonal, as a means of teaching composition. This was revolutionary for its time and the GSM was the only place where such a teaching idea could be found. He remained loyal to the Guildhall School of Music until his retirement.
He also gave evening classes in improvisation notably at Chiswick and Hampstead. Those who attended his classes included Sam Richards, Barry Guy, Paul Rutherford, Fred Turner, Frank Denyer, Louis Foreman, Fiachre Trench and many others.
He was passionate in his teaching, he taught privately, lectured, ran Music Appreciation evening classes at the Workers Education Association and elsewhere in London.
His interests involved him with music therapy, The Society for Gifted Children, Research Into Lost Knowledge Organisation and The Society for Psychic & Psychological Research.
He had an appetite for knowledge and loved science though he was not good with technology. 
Alfred was at once an intellectual and a child. When at breakfast one day he read in the newspaper of the invention by Dr. Barnes Wallace of the swing winged aircraft, he exclaimed 
“Why didn't I think of that?”
He counted among his friends not only people who inhabited the musical world but also scientists, artists and economists.
He joked that a large proportion of his students both at college and private went on to earn much more through music than he ever expected to.
Alfred Nieman died in Hampstead, London on 7 March 1997.

</doc>
