<doc id="19957558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957558" title="Mini E">
Mini E

The Mini E was a demonstration electric car developed by BMW as a conversion of its Mini Cooper car. The MINI E was developed for field trials and deployed in several countries, including the United States, Germany, UK, France, Japan and China. The field testing of the Mini E was part of BMW Project i, which was followed in January 2012 by a similar trial with the BMW ActiveE, and the last phase of project was the development of the BMW i3 urban electric car, that went into mass production in 2013.
The first trial was launched in the U.S. in June 2009 and the Mini E was available through leasing to private users in Los Angeles and the New York/New Jersey area. Another field test was launched in the UK in December 2009, where more than forty Mini E cars were handed to private users for a two consecutive six-month field trial periods. This trial program allowed the BMW Group to become the world's first major car manufacturer to deploy a fleet of more than 500 all-electric vehicles for private use. After the trial some MINI Es were displayed in museums, others shipped to Germany for further lab testing, and the rest dismantled and crushed. The 40 Mini Es that participated in the UK trial were kept in use after the trial ended in March 2011, participating in promotional activities and forming part of BMW Group UK’s official vehicle fleet for the London 2012 Olympic Games.
All Mini-E vehicles were equipped in the same way, similar to a standard Mini Cooper hatchback. They were painted medium green with a white roof with an EV decal on the roof and a black interior.
History.
The Mini E was unveiled at the 2008 Los Angeles Auto Show. BMW used its Mini brand to test its electric powertrain technology but the vehicle was also developed in order to meet new California regulations that require carmakers to offer zero emission vehicles.
Specifications.
Powertrain.
The Mini E is powered by an asynchronous electric motor that is mounted in the former engine bay and is rated at and of torque. Drive is sent to the front wheels. The Mini E employs a lithium-ion battery pack with an overall capacity of a . The batteries weigh and replace the back seat. Top speed is electronically limited to , with acceleration in 8 seconds. The car’s range is on a single charge under optimal conditions. Estimates of normal driving conditions put ranges at city and highway.
AC Propulsion issued a news release on November 19, 2008, announcing they were a supplier for Mini E. The news release stated that AC Propulsion supplied a specially developed version of its proprietary tzero, a registered trademark, technology, including air-cooled copper-rotor induction motor and Li ion battery on the Mini E. It is characterized by high performance, high efficiency, and fast charging.
Charging.
The Mini E could be charged by 120 volt (at 12 amp) and 240 volt (at 32 or 48 amp) power sources; charging times were 20 hours and 3.5 hours (fast-charge system). Charge rate was set from the instrument panel before charging.
The 240 volt 32 amp home "wall box" charging stations for the USA trial were made by Clipper Creek, with a proprietary electrical connector to the car made by ODU.
Performance.
The accelerator was a drive-by-wire syatem with a soft start to limit the electric motor's response and prevent burnout from a standstill. After this initial delay, response goes back to normal.
The Mini E's regenerative braking was designed to capture as much kinetic energy as possible giving it a distinct driving characteristic. When the driver released the acceleration pedal, the Mini E started braking, slowing it down significantly as if the brake pedal were pressed.
EPA ratings.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) certified the Mini E range as , with a city/highway combined energy consumption of 34 kW·h/100 miles. Under its five-cycle testing, EPA rated the Mini E at 98 miles per gallon gasoline equivalent () combined fuel economy, with a rating of equivalent in city driving and equivalent on highways. This information was displayed in the window sticker in terms of energy consumption, as 33 kW·h/100 miles for city and 36 kW·h/100 milesfor highway.
Production.
The Mini factory in Oxford, England supplied vehicle gliders to a team in Munich, Germany who added the electric running gear.
Field trial program.
Field testing of the Mini E was part of BMW Project i, and was followed in January 2012 by a similar trial with the BMW ActiveE all-electric vehicle. After the MINI E trial program ended some cars were displayed in museums, others shipped to Germany for further lab testing, and the rest dismantled and crushed.
Mini-E drivers participating in the field trial program of the vehicle were required to participate in online surveys and discussions, and to bring their vehicle into their local dealership to be worked on. The car was available only as a three-year limited lease, and drivers were required to return their cars to Mini who destroyed or donated them to tech schools and museums for display, disassembly, and analysis purposes.
U.S. program.
In the U.S. 9,500 people signed up to lease the 450 MINI Es available. In June 2009, Mini started the program by leasing 250 units in Los Angeles area and 200 in the New York/New Jersey area. The leasing price was set at (approx. ) a month for one year and included collision coverage, maintenance costs, and home installation of the charging station. Residents of New Jersey did not pay sales tax on their lease due to the existing state exemption for battery electric vehicles.
In May 2010 BMW announced that leasing could be renewed for another year at a lower price of a month. This renewal was offered to all individuals who had a Mini E lease at the time but fleet customers were excluded and according to BMW half of all lessees agreed to the extension.
European program.
France.
Field testing in Paris with 50 units began in 2010.
Germany.
A total of 100 trial vehicles were assigned to Germany. Testing in Berlin began in June 2009, and for the second phase, a total of 70 vehicles were delivered in March 2011 to private customers and fleet users. Field testing began in Munich in September 2010, for a leasing fee of (approx. ) per month.
United Kingdom.
Testing in the U.K. took place between December 2009 and March 2011 with 40 Mini E cars handed to private users for two consecutive six-month field trial periods. The leasing price was set at (around ) per month, which included VAT, insurance, service and maintenance. One MINI E was delivered to the Government car pool in Downing Street to be tested by ministers in an urban environment on their official business around London.
The UK trial was a partnership between BMW Group UK, Scottish and Southern Energy, the South East England Development Agency (SEEDA), Oxford City Council and Oxfordshire County Council. Data collection and research was conducted by Oxford Brookes University’s Sustainable Vehicle Engineering Centre throughout the UK project. Funding support was provided by the Technology Strategy Board and the Department for Transport (DFT) as part of the () UK-wide program involving trials of 340 ultra-low carbon vehicles from several car makers. The selected test area is roughly a triangle contained within the M40 motorway between the M25 motorway and Oxford, the A34 south to the M3 motorway, and the M3 back to the M25.
The 40 Mini E electric cars were kept in use after the trial was completed in March 2011, participating in activities to promote awareness and understanding of electric vehicles. These cars were part of the BMW Group UK’s official vehicle fleet of 4,000 low-emission luxury vehicles deployed for the London 2012 Olympic Games. The fleet also included 160 BMW ActiveE electric cars.
China.
Field testing in Beijing started on February 22, 2011. Testing also took place in Shenzhen.
Japan.
A field trial took place in Tokyo in 2011.
Field test results.
The main concerns reported by those participating in the U.S. during the first year trial were range anxiety and lack of public charging infrastructure, as the country had only 734 public charging stations, most located in California. Another concern was the range on a fully charged battery reducing to between 80 to during very cold weather. In the UK, an abnormally harsh winter also showed how very low temperatures diminished power output until the battery ‘warmed-up’. There was one report of the range dropping below in sub-zero weather. There were issues reported with exterior charging points as winter temperatures dropped dramatically.
Other complaints in the U.S. related to the lack of space in the car as the battery pack eliminated the Mini’s back seat and most of its cargo area, and the difficulties found in practice to install the charging equipment in homes; installation permits, site visits, inspections and installation could take up to a month.
According to the BMW team of engineers responsible for the demonstration program, the following facts and key lessons were learned during the Mini E first year trial:
In May 2011 the Plug‐in Hybrid & Electric Vehicle (PH&EV) Research Center at the University of California, Davis published the results of a consumer study of the U.S. Mini E field trial. The study is based on surveys and interviews conducted with more than 120 families who leased the electric car for the period of June 2009 to June 2010. Some of the key findings of the consumer study are the following:
In August 2011 BMW published the results of the UK trials. The findings are based on the 40 test cars driven by 62 members of the public and 76 pool users, who together drove over two six-month periods. The data was collected electronically and the research was carried out by Oxford Brookes University. The following are some of the main findings:
Range record.
As part of the 21st Century Automotive Challenge held at Penn State University on May 23, 2010, Mini E #466 achieved the longest trip in an electric car to date, achieving . The Mini E went on to win the efficiency competition, traversing three mountain ranges in the rain.
Alternative electric Mini.
Nevada’s Hybrid Technologies has started production of its electric-powered BMW Mini Cooper all-lithium model. The new electric Mini uses Hybrid Tech’s own proprietary advanced lithium management and battery-balancing system. Top speed is only around but driving at a slower speed preserves battery-life and means owners will be able to travel up to on a single charge.
EVTV.ME has published a free "how-to" series of videos documenting their conversion of a 2009 Mini Cooper Clubman to electric drive. The project uses a more powerful AC induction motor from MES-DEA and TIMS600 controller to provide of torque. It uses 112 readily available Sky Energy 100Ah LiFePO4 cells to provide an energy storage of 40.3 kWh and a range of . Top speed of . This is an open source project using parts readily available to anyone from existing suppliers and intended for those inclined to do their own conversion of an existing 2009 Mini Cooper Clubman.
CravenSpeed, of Portland, Oregon, USA, has built and will offer instructions and parts for converting a 2002-2006 Hatchback Mini into an all-electric vehicle. Utilizing the existing transmission mated to a DC motor, their relatively inexpensive conversion kit will produce modest power and about a range per charge while keeping the rear seats and cargo room completely untouched.

</doc>
<doc id="19957561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957561" title="2002 BMW Open – Singles">
2002 BMW Open – Singles

Jiří Novák was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Julien Boutter.
Younes El Aynaoui won in the final 6–4, 6–4 against Rainer Schüttler.

</doc>
<doc id="19957570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957570" title="Alexander William Bickerton">
Alexander William Bickerton

Professor Alexander William Bickerton (7 January 1842 – 21 January 1929) was the first professor of Chemistry at Canterbury College (now called the University of Canterbury) in Christchurch, New Zealand. He is best known for teaching and mentoring Ernest Rutherford. He was a natural teacher though an eccentric one, who taught science in an exciting way. His differences weren't limited to teaching as he formed a socialist community in Christchurch, which he later set up as a theme park. His partial impact theory explaining the appearance of temporary stars was the major work of his lifetime.
Early life.
Alexander William Bickerton, was born on 7 January 1842, at Alton in Hampshire, England, the second son of Richard Bickerton, a builder's clerk, and Sophia Eames. His parents had both died before he left school. After not excelling at grammar school his uncle found him work in a railway workshop and later he worked in an engineering office. With inheritance money he set up a wood-working factory using machines that he had invented, but by 1864 the factory was in debt.
Teaching in England.
Around this time Bickerton started attending science classes held in the area. His teacher Moses Pullen realised Bickerton had a natural talent for the subject and suggested he take up teaching science. By 1866 Bickerton was teaching science in Birmingham, while he was there he sat examinations for the Royal Exhibition for the School of Mines where he gained honours. In 1867 he moved to London where he was taught by prominent scientists of the time Edward Frankland, John Tyndall and Thomas Huxley. These influences increased Bickerton's passion to teach, but London was not as receptive to science teaching as Birmingham had been, and Bickerton's first class attracted just one person. To attract more students he looked at how successful preachers drew in large numbers. From his observations he said: ""to instruct the Londoner you must make your class as entertaining as a music-hall and as sensational as a circus."" This would characterise his teaching throughout his career. Before long his classes became very popular, and by 1869 he was teaching hundreds of students. In 1870 he took up a job offer to organise science work at the Hartley Institute, a position he held for three years until he became unhappy with conditions and sought other work.
Life in New Zealand.
It was in 1873 that Canterbury College (now known as the University of Canterbury) was established in New Zealand. It was here Bickerton taught Ernest Rutherford where the two became lifelong friends and Bickerton became a mentor to Rutherford. Bickerton was offered the position of Chair of Chemistry and after acceptance he arrived with his wife and four children in Christchurch, New Zealand in June 1874. His new job was made harder without any lecture rooms, and few students due to science not being taught at secondary schools at the time. To increase interest he held night classes for adults, and basic chemistry classes for school children. Like London his reputation grew and he became known as a brilliant teacher.
In 1878 he formed his Partial Impact theory that he would try and prove for the rest of his life. The theory explains the appearance of bright new stars appearing in the sky due to two dark bodies colliding in space and forming a temporary bright third star as they move past each other. Locally it was thought to be a major astronomic breakthrough, though it failed to gain international support. Bickerton himself believed that the idea would eventually get acceptance from the scientific community, and pursued the theory throughout his life. Towards the end of the 19th century he was blamed for digressing into his own theory too often in class, and this was used as a reason by the Board of Governors to try to remove him from his position. Bickerton was often at odds with the Board due to his different teaching style, socialist views, and disrespect towards the church. In 1894 the Board launched an enquiry into how his department was run, but thanks to influential friends Bickerton kept his job. Unfortunately for him in 1902 the Board of Governors finally removed him from his job, Bickerton's social, political and religious views proved too different from those of the Board.
Wainoni home.
In 1884, Bickerton and his family moved into a new home near New Brighton, Christchurch that he named "Wainoni". It became a centre for the social life of students at the Canterbury College. The property included a small theatre, a vast garden, and fireworks displays for entertainment. Bickerton's idea for the property was to create a new form of society based around his socialist beliefs, however this social experiment was discontinued after several years. From 1903 the property was turned more into a theme park to provide family income, with a zoo, 7,000 person amphitheatre, conservatory, aquariums, cinema, medicine and fireworks factories, and mock naval battles on a man-made lake – it attracted hundreds of thousands of people over the coming years. In the end the Pleasure Gardens as they were called started running at a loss and was closed by 1914.
Hope for theory recognition.
In 1910 after significant developments in the astronomic field Bickerton believed he had another chance to get his Partial impact theory recognised. He went to London the same year, leaving his wife and five sons and two daughters in charge of the Wainoni home. Bickerton hoped he could get support from his most famous student Ernest Rutherford who commented on the theory: "“the only satisfactory theory of accounting for the remarkable phenomena observed at the time of the appearance of a new star”". Rutherford wasn't an astronomer though, and he failed to sway opinion. Bickerton wasn't able to provide new evidence to explain his theory, and could only repeat what he previously thought. The theory did achieve some recognition by being included in authoritative writings as a possible explanation in the appearance of novae. Some years later Rutherford showed in experiments that third bodies would be produced by atomic impacts resulting in disintegration of one of the atoms.
Late life.
His wife having died in 1919, Bickerton, aged 79 was married again to Mary Wilkinson in 1920. Bickerton wrote a number of books during his life including: "The Romance of the Heavens, The Romance of the Earth, and The Perils of a Pioneer". Sometimes close to destitution he never lost hope that his theory would one day be recognised. He died on 21 January 1929 holding the title of Professor Emeritus of Canterbury College.

</doc>
<doc id="19957571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957571" title="Robert King (conductor)">
Robert King (conductor)

Robert King (born 27 June 1960 in Wombourne) is an English conductor, harpsichordist and editor. As a youth, he was a member of the Choir of St John's College, Cambridge. He read music at the University of Cambridge, and in 1980, while still a student, founded the period instrument orchestra The King's Consort.
He has worked as a conductor with orchestras in Europe and North America, including the Seattle, Houston, Oregon, Detroit, Atlanta, Minnesota, and NDR Symphony Orchestras, the Munich Radio Orchestra, Zurich Chamber Orchestra, Orchestre Philharmonique de Monte Carlo, the Orchestra della RAI Torino, Orchestra Sinfonica Giuseppe Verdi di Milano, and the Orquesta e Coro Ciudad de Madrid. He has written and presented for the BBC, been artistic director of music festivals in Sweden, Germany, and the UK, and contributed to the scores of a number of Hollywood films including "Pirates of the Caribbean", "Shrek 2", "Flushed Away", and "The Da Vinci Code".
King’s career suffered a setback in 2007 when he was convicted and jailed for indecent assault against minors but concurrent with his successful return to the podium in 2009, he continued to demonstrate the musical scholarship first evidenced by his monograph on Purcell (published in 1994 to coincide with the 300th anniversary of the composer’s death). In 2010 and 2011 two substantial volumes of English church music edited by King were published by Oxford University Press joining nearly 100 other works he has edited from the Baroque and Classical eras. In 2009 he was appointed artistic director of the musical charity Vivat Music Foundation
In his role as artistic director of The King's Consort, King has made some 95 recordings, mostly for Hyperion Records. In 2011-12, alongside UK performances including Wigmore Hall and Wilton’s Music Hall, The King’s Consort performed under King’s direction at major European festivals and venues. These included the Lucerne Festival, Theater an der Wien, Auditorio Nacional Madrid, Amsterdam Concertgebouw, Palau de la Musica Barcelona, Leipzig Gewandhaus and Festival of Flanders. From 2013 King will be recording for the new Vivat label.
References.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="19957591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957591" title="Blethyn">
Blethyn

Blethyn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19957592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957592" title="NavTool">
NavTool

NavTool is a software system which is aimed at the organizations focused on the creation and design of airspace structure and navigation routes management, along with AIP producers and it was developed by BWise Solutions Ltd, Romania, which is also the copyright holder of this program.
The main requirement for running NavTool is to have a machine able to reasonably run Java 1.6 applications.
NavTool was renamed to navTS.
Features.
The following are the main features of the navTS software:

</doc>
<doc id="19957605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957605" title="Lectionary 1684">
Lectionary 1684

Lectionary 1684, designated by ℓ"1684", in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves, dated paleographically to the 13th century. 
Description.
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 166 parchment leaves (27 by 21 cm), 2 columns per page, 23-26 lines per page. 
The codex contains some Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with some lacunae. According to the colophon it was written in 1247. 
A large portion of this manuscripts is a palimpsest. The lower text was written in uncial letters in 8th century, it contains the text of the four Gospels and was catalogued as Uncial 0233 by INTF. 
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 1) in Münster. 

</doc>
<doc id="19957606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957606" title="George H. D. Gossip">
George H. D. Gossip

George Hatfeild Dingley Gossip (December 6, 1841 – May 11, 1907) was a minor American-English chess master and writer. He competed in chess tournaments between 1870 and 1895, playing against most of the world's leading players, but with only modest success. The writer G. H. Diggle calls him "the King of Wooden Spoonists" because he usually finished last in strong tournaments.
Gossip was also a noted writer. His treatise "The Chess-Player's Manual—A Complete Guide to Chess", a 900-page tome published in 1874 after several years of work, was harshly received by the critics, largely because he had included a number of informal skittles games that he had (atypically) won against stronger players. As a result, Gossip developed a lifelong enmity toward chess critics, whom he often attacked ferociously in his books. However, his 1879 book "Theory of the Chess Openings" was well received. Wilhelm Steinitz, the first World Chess Champion, wrote that the 1888 edition of "The Chess-Player's Manual" was one of the best available books on the game. Thanks in part to a 122-page appendix by S. Lipschütz, it became one of the standard opening works of the time.
Gossip made his living primarily as a journalist, author, and translator. He wrote for publications in England, France, Australia, and the United States. At various times he resided in each of those countries, as well as in Germany and Canada. In 1898 and 1899, two publishers issued Gossip's sole book about a subject other than chess, "The Jew of Chamant". Published under the pseudonym "Ivan Trepoff", it was virulently antisemitic.
Chess writers have often mocked Gossip's play, calling him a "grandpatzer" and the like. However, Kenneth Whyld, one of his previous critics, suggests that history may have judged him unfairly.
Early life and education.
Gossip was born in New York City on December 6, 1841, to George Hatfeild Gossip, an Englishman, and his wife Mary Ellen Dingley Gossip, of New York. When he was sixteen months old, his mother died; about two years later, he and his father moved to England. His aunt, Mrs. Reaston Rodes, raised him, apparently with little involvement by his father. Gossip grew up at Barlborough Hall, Derbyshire (the Rodes family seat) and at Hatfield, in Yorkshire. Both the Gossip and Rodes families are listed in "Burke's Landed Gentry". He was educated at Windermere College, Westmorland, and won a scholarship to Oxford University, but was unable to attend as his father, uncle, and aunts lost a lawsuit that ruined them financially. As a result, Gossip had to support himself through his own labors.
Non-chess adult life.
Gossip made his living primarily as a writer and translator, writing for newspapers and magazines on three continents. His profession is described in the 1871, 1881, and 1891 United Kingdom censuses, respectively, as a "translator of languages", an "author of work on chess", and a member of the "literary profession". He lived for over five years in Paris, contributing to French publications. From 1879 to 1880 he was "employed occasionally as translator and otherwise" in "The Times" of London's office in Paris. He also lived in Germany.
Gossip married Alicia (the name is sometimes given as "Alice"), a music teacher from Dublin, in Jersey in 1868. As of 1871, they were living in London with their 11-month-old son George and two servants. By 1881, Gossip and his wife had moved to Ipswich, and had three more children: Helen (born c. 1872), Harold (c. 1874), and Mabel (c. 1879). After Gossip's father died in 1882, the Gossips and their four children emigrated to Australia, arriving in January 1883. While in that country, Gossip wrote articles for the "Sydney Star", "Sydney Globe", "Sydney Evening News", "Town and Country Journal", "The Advertiser" (Adelaide), and other publications. He contributed literary articles to "Once a Month" magazine (Melbourne) and the "Sydney Quarterly Magazine".
Gossip moved to the United States in 1888, departing in April from Sydney on the steamship "Alameda". In May, the ship arrived in San Francisco, where, Gossip wrote, "I first set foot on my native soil after an absence of over forty years." He wrote articles for the "San Francisco Examiner" on the "Chinese Question in Australia" and the "San Francisco Chronicle" on "Protection and Free Trade in New South Wales".
His family apparently remained in Australia, where Alicia died of cancer in October 1888. In 1894, Gossip's children Helen and Harold both married, in Victoria and Melbourne, respectively. Gossip's grandson, George Hatfield Dingley Gossip, born in Sydney in 1897, was a World War I flying ace for Australia, "shooting down six enemy aircraft while flying his Sopwith Camel along the Belgian coast".
In 1889, Gossip returned to Europe. By 1891, he was living as a tenant in a London boarding house. In 1894, he moved to Montreal, Canada. While living there, Gossip contributed articles to a newspaper in Manchester, England. The June 1895 "British Chess Magazine" "(BCM)" and June 1897 "American Chess Magazine" reported that he was living in Buffalo, New York.
Under the pseudonym "Ivan Trepoff", Gossip wrote a book, "The Jew of Chamant", which was published by Hausauer (Buffalo) in 1898, and by F.T. Neely (London and New York) in 1899. The two versions are subtitled, respectively, "or, the modern Monte Cristo" and "a romance of crime". The book is intensely antisemitic. The author explains in its preface:
My object in the present work is to paint the rich Jew in his true colors, as the enemy of society; to show that the Jew who steals millions, can, in Europe, at any rate, defy the laws with impunity, and that he almost invariably escapes punishment owing to improper occult influences, and the mighty power of Israelitish gold.
The chess literature is silent about the last decade of Gossip's life. He died of heart disease on May 11, 1907, at the Railway Hotel in Liphook, England.
Chess career.
By 1864, Gossip was appearing in London chess circles, drawing a game against Joseph Henry Blackburne at a simultaneous exhibition in April. He played in a number of chess tournaments between 1870 and 1895, usually with unimpressive results. At London 1870, the Third British Chess Association Congress (won by John Wisker after a playoff against Amos Burn), Gossip scored two of six possible points, finishing in a tie for fifth–sixth out of seven players. He had the consolation of handing Burn his only loss. At London 1872 (won by Steinitz ahead of Johannes Zukertort and Blackburne), he scored just one out of seven, finishing seventh out of eight players.
Gossip won the 1873–74 correspondence chess tournament of the "Chess-Players Chronicle", after which he "was thought by some to be the strongest correspondence player known". However, playing first board for England in an 1879 correspondence chess match against the United States, he lost all four of his games to Ellen Gilbert of Hartford, Connecticut. She "caused a sensation in the chess world" by announcing mate in 21 moves in one game, and mate in 35 moves in another. Gossip responded gallantly, dedicating his book "Theory of the Chess Openings" to her.
In 1874, Gossip lost a match for the Championship Cup of the Provinces to Rev. John Owen, retiring because of illness after one win, two draws, and two losses. He won a local tournament at the Café de la Régence in Paris in 1880. In 1882, he beat Wordsworth Donisthorpe in a match held at Simpson's Divan in London.
Gossip's first significant success at over-the-board chess came at the 1883 London Vizayanagaram minor tournament. He scored 17½ out of 25, tying for fifth–sixth place out of 26 players with Charles Ranken, who later co-authored the treatise "Chess Openings Ancient and Modern" (1889). Curt von Bardeleben won with 21½ points; Isidor Gunsberg, who would narrowly lose an 1890–91 World Championship match to Steinitz, finished fourth with 19 points.
In 1885 Gossip, a year after emigrating to Australia, issued a challenge to any player in the Australian colonies to play a match with him for 20 pounds a side and the title of Australian champion. Frederick Karl Esling, a leading Melbourne player, accepted the challenge. Esling won the first game, and the second was adjourned in a position favorable to him. Gossip then pled illness and forfeited the match. Kenneth Whyld writes that the Australians probably considered Gossip a "whingeing Pom".
An Australian commentator observes, "Gossip may not have been the most popular itinerant to venture to these shores in the nineteenth century, but when he announced his challenge ... he at least brought the question of an official Chess Champion of Australia before the chess playing fraternity". In 1950, when Esling was 90, the Australian Chess Federation formally declared, belatedly, that he had become the first Australian Chess Champion by winning his 1885 match against Gossip. The Second Australian Chess Championship, a tournament, was held at Adelaide in 1887. Gossip finished third with 6½ out of 9, behind Henry Charlick (7½ points) and Esling (7 points).
After returning to America in 1888, Gossip obtained an appointment at the Columbia Chess Club. The following year, he represented England at the Sixth American Chess Congress (New York 1889), one of the greatest tournaments of the 19th century. The Congress, a double round robin that was one of the longest tournaments in history, was intended to select a challenger for the world championship title. There, Gossip had what G. H. Diggle calls "perhaps the best performance of his career". He scored 13½ out of 38 (11 wins, 5 draws, 22 losses), finishing 17th–18th out of 20 players. He won games from S. Lipschütz, Max Judd, Eugene Delmar, Jackson Showalter, William Pollock (twice), Henry Bird (twice), David Graham Baird, James Moore Hanham, and John Washington Baird. Mikhail Chigorin and Max Weiss tied for first with 29 points, edging out Gunsberg (28½ points).
Gossip was unable to repeat even this modest level of success in his final tournaments. He finished last in five consecutive strong events: the Master Section at London 1889 (scoring 1½ out of 10; Bird won on tiebreak over Gunsberg); the "Meisterturnier" (Master Tournament) at Breslau 1889 (scoring three out of ten; Siegbert Tarrasch won); the Master Section of Manchester 1890 (scoring four out of nineteen; Tarrasch won); the Master Tournament at London 1892 (scoring 2½ out of 11; future World Champion Emanuel Lasker won); and New York 1893 (scoring 2½ out of 13; Lasker won with a perfect score). Gossip's run of last-place finishes moved Diggle to dub him "the King of Wooden Spoonists". Gossip's last event was a minor tournament in Skaneateles, New York in July–August 1895, where he scored three out of six, finishing in a tie for third–fifth of seven players.
A report in the "BCM" in 1889 observed that Gossip suffered from great nervousness that prevented him from fully displaying his abilities at chess tournaments, where he had to stop his ears "to keep out the low hum inseparable from a large concourse of people". Bird likewise wrote that minor distractions that he would not even notice would "drive ... Gossip to despair". The "BCM" commentator accordingly believed that Gossip "would make a good stand in a single encounter with men who are much higher in the tournament than he is".
Following his move to Montreal, Gossip in a letter to a friend dated October 20, 1894 complained, "The French Canadian Chessplayers here are the poorest, meanest humbugs I ever met – all Jesuits." He and Pollock played a match at the Montreal Chess Club in December 1894 and January 1895; each won six games, with five draws. This was an impressive result for Gossip "in view of Pollock's undoubted strength". Later in 1895, Pollock finished 19th out of 22 players, scoring 8 out of 21 (including wins over Tarrasch and Steinitz), at Hastings 1895, arguably at that time the strongest tournament in history. Diggle writes that Gossip's drawn match with Pollock vindicates the "BCM"'s 1889 observation that Gossip would be more at home in a match than a tournament.
Gossip was only a minor master, "a mediocre player who figured at or near the bottom of every better than average tourney in which he participated". However, during his career he played tournament games against most of the world's leading players, including World Champions Lasker and Steinitz; World Championship challengers Zukertort, Tarrasch, Chigorin, and Gunsberg; Louis Paulsen, Harry Nelson Pillsbury, and James Mason, all at some point ranked number 1 in the world by Chessmetrics; Burn, Blackburne, Bird, and Cecil de Vere (all ranked number 2); and Weiss and Wisker (both ranked number 3).
Chess books and articles.
As of 1874, Gossip was the chess editor of "The Hornet". In that year, after several years' work, he published his "magnum opus", "The Chess-Player's Manual—A Complete Guide to Chess". It was "a handsomely produced work with more than 800 of its 900 pages devoted to openings and illustrative games". The book became the subject of biting criticism, largely because Gossip had included 27 illustrative games that he had won against leading players of the day, and only 12 games that he had lost. Steinitz later wrote:
Mr Gossip had practiced the unfair ruse of carefully preserving stray skittles games which he had happened to win or draw, generally after many defeats, against masters whose public records stood far above his own, ... thus leading the public to believe that the author stood on a par with them, or was even their superior. According to Diggle, this edition of the book "failed utterly". The harsh reception accorded it embittered Gossip against chess critics for the rest of his life.
In 1879, Gossip published "Theory of the Chess Openings", a shorter work more in the style of "Modern Chess Openings", which sold out within six months. The preface and the concluding chapter of the book bitterly attacked the critics who had savaged his earlier treatise. This time the critics, "while deploring 'the outside slices of Mr. Gossip's sandwich' ", praised the main body of the work. William Wayte in the "Chess Players Chronicle" called the book "fairly in possession of the field among English elementary treatises". Unfortunately for Gossip, he "was the victim of an act of gross piracy, as many copies forming no part of the edition printed by his orders were circulated in America and the 'pirates' never brought to justice."
While in Australia, Gossip wrote a chess column that appeared in "Once a Month" magazine from February to October 1885.
A new edition of "The Chess-Player's Manual" was published in 1888, this one with a 122-page appendix by Lipschütz. Steinitz wrote that "Mr Gossip has produced a useful work, which in some respects must be regarded even superior to that of Staunton or any other previous writers on the chess openings. ... But the most meritorious distinguishing feature of the Manual is the large collection of illustrative games by various first-class masters, and in that respect Mr Gossip's work stands second only to Signor Salvioli's "Teoria e Pratica" among the analytical works in any language." The following year, Steinitz cited it in "The Modern Chess Instructor" as one of the 12 principal authorities he had relied on in writing that treatise.
An anonymous reviewer in "The New York Times" called the new edition of "The Chess-Player's Manual" "probably the most convenient, trustworthy, and satisfactory chess book accessible in the English language". The reviewer concluded that the games and problems in the volume would "afford great entertainment" to the casual enthusiast, "while for real students of chess ... it is very nearly indispensable". He also praised "Mr. Lipschütz's appendix, which brings the development of the openings almost down to date". David Hooper and Kenneth Whyld write in "The Oxford Companion to Chess" that Lipschütz's appendix "helped to make this one of the standard opening books of the time". World Champion Bobby Fischer had a copy of "The Chess-Player's Manual" in his personal library, and cited it in his famous 1961 article "A Bust to the King's Gambit".
The June 1888 issue of Steinitz's "International Chess Magazine" contained an article by Gossip that Robert John McCrary calls "a very illuminating, important, and detailed account of the state of San Francisco chess". For the last few months of 1888 Gossip was listed as being on the "Editorial Staff" of the "Columbia Chess Chronicle". Its December 29, 1888 issue contained a lengthy article by him entitled "Chess in the Present Day", which offered a broad sweep of chess history and the advances made by chess in the United States. Gossip called Paul Morphy and Steinitz "the two greatest chessplayers that have ever lived" and remarked that "no Englishman has yet attained, or probably ever will attain, to the eminence of chess champion of the world. ... The deep-thinking German, the brilliant Frenchman and the versatile American have always been too much for sober, stolid John Bull."
Gossip in 1891 published a second revised edition of his "Theory of the Chess Openings", which Diggle calls "a handsome volume with an appendix of sixty-one pages". Characteristically, he devoted much of the appendix to criticizing his detractors and anticipating their further attacks.
Gossip also wrote the lesser-known chess books "The Chess Players' Text Book" (1889), "The Chess-player's Vade Mecum and Pocket Guide to the Openings" (1891), "Modern Chess Brilliancies" (1892), "The Chess Player's Pocket Guide to Games at Odds" (1893), "The Chess Pocket Manual" (1894), "The Chess Player's Mentor" (with Francis Joseph Lee, 1895), "The Complete Chess-Guide" (with Lee, 1903), "Gossip's Vest-Pocket Chess Manual" (date unknown; pictured at above left), and a collection of his own games, "Games: G. H. D. Gossip versus Bezkrowny, Clerc, Donisthorpe, Gocher, Gunsberg, Hoffer, Owen, Sanders, Vines Played During the Last 10 Years in England & France" (1882, with Gunsberg and Steinitz).
Manner and reputation.
Burn's biographer Richard Forster notes that Gossip "was well-known for his exaggerated self-esteem". Philip Sergeant in his book "A Century of British Chess" remarks that his "play was never quite up to his own estimate of it". "The New York Times" portrays him at the Sixth American Chess Congress (1889) as follows:
Gossip, with his long, flowing beard, looks like one of the old-time monks. He has a good-shaped cranium, bald at the top, and is a little above the medium height. ... He believes himself to be one of the greatest chessplayers in the world, and thinks that if everything had gone on to his liking he could have beaten all the champions at the tournament. He is a deliberate player, but every now and then he takes a nip from a flask of brandy that generally stands on his table. He complained that his chair was too low, and he once attributed a defeat to that. Finally, he got a large ledger and sat upon it. He did, in fact, seem to derive some inspiration from its contents, for he played two or three excellent games afterward.
Diggle observes that Gossip "developed 'a happy knack of treading on other people's corns' by rushing into print" his occasional wins in offhand games against such leading players as Bird and Zukertort. He also vehemently denounced his critics and those with whom he disagreed. For example, in 1888 the "Columbia Chess Chronicle" quoted a lecture he had given two days before on the Steinitz Gambit. After condemning as "utterly worthless" the analysis of that opening published in two English periodicals, Gossip declaimed:
In order, therefore, to establish an important point of theory, and at the same time to prevent American chessplayers from being misled and deceived by the superficial analysis of incompetent British chess editors, whose object in condemning the Steinitz Gambit has obviously been mainly to depreciate the originality of its illustrious inventor, whom they invariably try to drag down to their own miserable level of shallow incompetency and self-conceit, I submit the following variations which at any rate possess the undeniable merit of exposing the hollow analytical twaddle continually published in the two London journals above named.
Hooper and Whyld note Gossip's "unusual talent for making enemies" and attribute the critical reception of his books to this, since in their opinion "his books were not significantly worse than the general run of the time, and they were better than, for example, those by Bird, who was popular". They remark on his travels that, "Disliked in England, he travelled to Australia, the United States, and Canada, where he also became unpopular." Some measure of his talent for stirring up controversy is provided by a letter Pollock wrote during their 1894–95 match:
I and Gossip are six each and may draw the match. He has proved a terrible crank and has had several games by forfeit, and one "cancelled". He now has a libel suit against the chess column of the "Herald". ... We have just agreed, per the committee, to call the match a draw. Whereby all parties are relieved.
Chess historian Edward Winter observes that "Gossip has always been a soft target for mockery". He notes that Hooper and Whyld in the first edition (1984) of "The Oxford Companion to Chess" "treated him essentially as light relief"; the second edition (1992) treated him more equitably, but like the first omitted any mention of his performance at New York 1889. Yakov Damsky in "The Batsford Book of Chess Records" (2005), addressing the question of which player "achieved the greatest negative distinction" on the international level, opines that Gossip "can probably feel safe from competition". Mike Fox and Richard James in their book "The Even More Complete Chess Addict" (1993) write that, "Of players who've entered chess history, perhaps the strongest claimant for the all-time grandpatzer title is George Hatfeild Dingley Gossip (1841–1907). George had a worse record in major tournaments than anyone in history (last at Breslau 1889, London 1889, Manchester 1890, London 1892, and New York 1893: a total of just four wins, 52 losses and 21 draws)." Like Hooper and Whyld, they overlook his result at New York 1889, a major tournament where he won 11 games and finished above the bottom. In a 2001 article, Whyld himself takes notice of Gossip's result at New York 1889 and suggests that "history has perhaps given him an unfair verdict".
By Arpad Elo's calculation, Gossip's strength during his five-year peak was equivalent to an Elo rating of 2310. Today FIDE, the World Chess Federation, often awards the Grandmaster title to players with Elo ratings of 2500 and above, and the lesser International Master and FIDE Master titles to players rated at least 2400 and 2300, respectively.
Another assessment system, Chessmetrics, calculates that Gossip's highest rating was 2470 (number 50 in the world) in April 1889. By comparison, the world's three highest-rated players at that time had Chessmetrics ratings over 2700. Chessmetrics also ranks Gossip number 17 in the world during four one-month periods between February and July 1873, when opportunities for high-level competition were much rarer. Like Diggle, Chessmetrics considers New York 1889 Gossip's best individual performance, concluding that he scored 39% against opponents with an average rating of 2595, giving him a performance rating of 2539 for that tournament. In 1904, the "Deutsche Schachzeitung", on the basis of its tabulation of players' percentage scores in all major international tournaments from London 1851 to Cambridge Springs 1904, ranked Gossip the number 62 living player in the world.
Diggle writes that despite his faults, Gossip was "a man of dauntless courage and infinite capacity for hard work", which enabled him to become a recognized author despite the disastrous reception that the first edition of his "Chess-Player's Manual" received. His literary style was vigorous, and shows him to be an educated and well-read man.
Notable games.
Showalter vs. Gossip, New York 1889.
The following game was played between future five-time U.S. Champion Jackson Showalter (White) and Gossip (Black) at the Sixth American Chess Congress, New York 1889.
Fred Reinfeld calls the game "a glorious masterpiece". Steinitz proclaims, "One of the finest specimens of sacrificing play on record. Mr. Gossip deserves the highest praise for the ingenuity and depth of combination which he displayed in this game." Soltis writes that "there were many raised eyebrows" when the tournament committee awarded the prize for the best-played game not to Gossip for this game, but to Gunsberg for his win over Mason. After comparing the two games, Whyld writes, "The verdict seems clear. Gossip was robbed!" Diggle states, "Gossip was, of course, the last man to keep quiet about this decision, and for once he had considerable public sympathy on his side."
Chigorin vs. Gossip, New York 1889.
When facing world-class opponents, Gossip more often fell victim to their combinations. A famous example is his loss, also at New York 1889, to Mikhail Chigorin (White), who lost world championship matches to Steinitz in 1889 and 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="19957612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957612" title="Makowiec">
Makowiec

Makowiec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19957615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957615" title="Dolina, Tržič">
Dolina, Tržič

Dolina is a settlement on the Tržič Bistrica River in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19957621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957621" title="Planet Pachinko">
Planet Pachinko

Planet Pachinko is a WiiWare game by Allied Kingdoms. It was released in North America on January 12, 2009. 
Gameplay.
The player takes control of the members of a robot family who explore the abandoned temples of the ancient Pachinkeet civilization, their architecture inspired by pachinko machines, destroying pachinko balls along the way to pass each stage. In their way is the space pirate Vile Vill and his crew, who are also exploring the temples and hoping to loot them of their riches.
The game can be played single player or with a friend in two-player co-op.
Reception.
IGN called the concept unique and hilarious, but overall felt that many aspects of the game were sloppy, inconsistent and unfinished in execution. They gave it 3/10. WiiWare World noted the original aspects of the game, but felt that the combination of intense, overwhelming action and loose controls took much of the enjoyment out of the game, giving it 5/10.

</doc>
<doc id="19957624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957624" title="Allensworth">
Allensworth

Allensworth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19957639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957639" title="Dancing Dots">
Dancing Dots

Dancing Dots Braille Music Technology, L.P., is an American company based in Philadelphia that was founded in 1992 to develop and adapt music technology for the blind. Its founder, Bill McCann, is himself a blind musician. Among the products it offers are several programs that produce a musical version of Braille by converting conventional musical notation, allowing blind musicians access to the same musical scores used by their sighted counterparts. The company also offers programs that aid blind musicians in transcribing their own compositions in Braille. Dancing Dots created the latter product to help speed the process of Braille transcription for blind composers, who might otherwise have to wait between two weeks and six months to have their compositions transcribed by one of the less than one hundred certified Braille music transcribers in the United States. Dancing Dots has developed more products to help blind musicians in the areas of MIDI and digital audio production and musician instruction.
History.
The company was founded in 1992 by Bill McCann, a blind trumpet player. It struggled financially in its early years, in the long lead between developing technology and releasing its first product in 1997, a difficult period assisted by federal contracts beginning in 1994. In 1997, the company released its GOODFEEL Braille Music Translator to positive reviews. The product was well received, and its company was a success. In 1999, the company, which was a recipient of a Small Business Innovation Research Grant, was part of a display of assistive technology at the White House. In 2000, Dancing Dots released CakeTalking for SONAR, JAWS scripts and tutorials that provide access to Cakewalk Sonar, a digital audio workstation, for blind or visually impaired users.
Products and services.
Dancing Dots maintains a website at which it markets its own products, as well as related and complementary products by other companies. Dancing Dots has customers throughout the U.S. and twenty-six other countries.
With GOODFEEL combined with a few mainstream products, sighted musicians can prepare a Braille score with no knowledge of braille. Music scanning software can be used to speed data entry. Blind users can make sound recordings and print and Braille editions of their compositions and arrangements. The company provides customers who may not need to purchase their own copy of GOODFEEL a transcription service for individual scores. 
Dancing Dots is also the publisher of several music courses to assist blind musicians, including "An Introduction to Music for the Blind Student: A Course in Braille Music Reading" and "An Introduction to the Piano for the Blind Student".

</doc>
<doc id="19957640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957640" title="Finn Jebsen">
Finn Jebsen

Finn Jebsen (born 22 April 1950) is a Norwegian businessperson. He is known as the former CEO of the Orkla Group.
He graduated as civil economist in 1974, plus took a masters degree in Business Administration at University of California (1976). Mr. Jebsen was hired in the Orkla Group in 1980. Having held various executive positions since 1984, he was the CEO from 2001 to 2005. After a scandal that forced him to leave from his position in Orkla Group, Mr. Jebsen is by 2010 chairman of the board of Kongsberg Gruppen. Norway's major defence contractor and maritime automation supplier. In addition he is chairman at Kavli Holding AS; and sole owner of Fateburet AS. 
He is also deputy chair of Kommunal Landspensjonskasse.

</doc>
<doc id="19957645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957645" title="International Cosmic Ray Conference">
International Cosmic Ray Conference

The International Cosmic Ray Conference, or ICRC, is a physics conference organized biennially by the Commission C4 (Cosmic Rays) of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics (IUPAP) since 1947, where physicists from the whole world present the results of their research in Astroparticle Physics. The main topics of Astroparticle Physics are
Proceedings are published for each conference. The NASA's Astrophysics Data System (ADS) has started to gather these proceedings in order to scan them and publish them online on the ADS webserver (see external links).

</doc>
<doc id="19957649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957649" title="Lectionary 1685">
Lectionary 1685

Lectionary 1685, designated by ℓ"1685", in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves, dated paleographically to the 16th century (or 15th century). 
Description.
The codex contains some Lessons from the Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium"), from Acts of the Apostles and General epistles ("Apostolos") with some lacunae. It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 263 paper leaves (27.5 by 19 cm), 2 columns per page, 31 lines per page. 
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 16) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19957653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957653" title="Panorama Car">
Panorama Car

The very first "Panorama Car" was the 7000 series in 1961, and featured Japan's first 180 degree "Panoramic" seating view. Then came the 8800 series "Panorama DX" in 1984, followed by the 1000 series "Panorama Super" and its sister, the 1600 series, launched in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19957693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957693" title="Lectionary 1686">
Lectionary 1686

Lectionary 1686, designated by symbol ℓ "1686" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, written on paper leaves, it dates paleographically to the 16th century.
Description.
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 184 paper leaves (20.5 by 15 cm), 1 column per page, 17 lines per page. The codex contains some Lessons from the Acts of the Apostles and Catholic epistles ("Apostolos") with some lacunae. It has breathings and accents. The initial letters in red and decorated; the nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way. It contains marginal notes. The text is rarely corrected. It contains Menologion.
In Ephesian 6:14 phrase και ενδυσαμενοι τον θωρακα της δικαιοσυνης is omitted, but it was added at the margin.
History.
Formerly it was held in the Iviron monastery (825) at Athos peninsula.
The manuscript was digitised by CSNTM in 2007.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 13) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19957698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957698" title="Canon EOS DCS 3">
Canon EOS DCS 3

The Canon EOS DCS 3 was Kodak's first Canon based Digital SLR camera (a rebranded Kodak EOS DCS-3) released in July 1995. It uses a modified Canon EOS-1N film camera with a modified Kodak NC2000e digital camera back attached. As a result, it maintained the Canon EF lens mount, and full compatibility with all of Canon's EF lenses made until that time. The camera was followed by the six megapixel Canon EOS DCS 1, which was released later in 1995, and the 1.5 megapixel Canon EOS DCS 5.
The back had a then-massive 16MB of RAM to act as an image buffer, as well as a PCMCIA card slot for image storage, plus a SCSI socket for connection to a computer. The imaging element was an APS-H sensor with a 1.7x crop factor, and a resolution of 1268 x 1012 pixels (1.3 mp). The camera back did not have an LCD monitor.
A typical 260MB PCMCIA card or IBM Microdrive of the period could store 189 images. The EOS DCS 3 lacked any internal JPEG processing, and images had to be processed on a computer before they were usable in any form. The large amount of memory contributed the then-immense price of the EOS DCS 3, at nearly two million yen.
The camera was succeeded by the Canon EOS D2000 (a rebranded Kodak DCS 520) in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19957701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957701" title="Gozd, Tržič">
Gozd, Tržič

Gozd is a settlement on the Tržič Bistrica River in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="19957702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957702" title="Centre for Occupational and Health Psychology">
Centre for Occupational and Health Psychology

The Centre for Occupational and Health Psychology (COHP, ) is a Cardiff University research centre founded in 1999 to conduct research into the effects of occupational factors on health and performance efficiency. In addition, the risk factors relating to ill-health are investigated and the effects of health-related behaviour and health status on cognitive performance, mood and physiological functioning examined. 
The Unit is directed by Professor Andy Smith and research is conducted by post-doctoral fellows, research associates and post-graduate students.
Topics of research.
Previous research projects have included:

</doc>
<doc id="19957707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957707" title="FBS Radio Network Inc.">
FBS Radio Network Inc.

FBS Radio Network, Incorporated (FBS meaning Filipinas Broadcasting Systems) is a radio network in the Philippines. Its studios are located in Paragon Plaza, EDSA, Mandaluyong City.
History.
FBS was founded in February 1973, when it launched Metro Manila's Mellow Touch 94.7 (now Mellow 947). It plays the same music formula, although tailored to suit different provincial markets.
Prior to Mellow Touch 94.7, FBS launched DWBL in 1972. It features News, Public Service, Entertainment & Religion. It was awarded as the Top-rated AM Radio Station of the 80s.
In 1990, FBS has expanded into key cities in the Philippines: Dagupan, Cebu, Iloilo, Cagayan de Oro, and Davao.
In 2004, Ultrasonic Broadcasting System Inc. acquired DYKT in Cebu and DWKT in Dagupan from FBS, which is now under the Energy FM network.

</doc>
<doc id="19957710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957710" title="2008–09 Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey season">
2008–09 Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey season

The 2008–09 Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team is the Wolverines' 87th season. They represent the University of Michigan in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season. The team is coached by Red Berenson and play their home games at Yost Ice Arena.
Regular season.
Schedule and results.
Record is as follows:<br>Win-Loss-Tie-SOW
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time on ice; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average; G = Goals; A = Assists; PIM = Penalty minutes"

</doc>
<doc id="19957726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957726" title="Roger Grierson">
Roger Grierson

Roger Grierson (born June 1957) is a New Zealand musician and music industry executive.
Career.
In 1975 Grierson headed to London and Egypt to live but found himself lured back to Sydney in 1976 to work at White Light Records. Soon afterwards he formed the punk band The Thought Criminals.
In 1978, Grierson started Doublethink Records to record local Australian bands including Singles, Rejex, and Suicide Squad. In 1980 he started GREEN Records with Stuart Coupe and Warren Fahey, and together they released records by Tactics, Allniters, Lime Spiders, Spy V Spy, Do-Re-Mi, Dropbears, Beasts of Bourbon, New Christs and The Johnnys, Grierson producing the first Beasts of Bourbon record "The Axemans Jazz".
Grierson managed The Allniters, Tactics and Spy v Spy in 1981. During this period he was the distribution manager for Larrikin Records; in 1983 he took on The Johnnys, and in 1985 The Wreckery; the "junk rock" group formed by ex members of Nick Cave's backing band The Bad Seeds.
In 1987 Grierson started promoting Australian tours for acts signed to the New Zealand label, Flying Nun Records. These acts include The Bats, The Chills, Straitjacket Fits and JPS Experience. In 1988 he started managing The Go Betweens and Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. In 1989 he toured Tackhead, Public Image Ltd, Pop Will Eat Itself and began managing bands such as The Hummingbirds and Tall Tales and True. At this time he also formed Lost in Music publishing and signed Tex Perkins, Rebecca's Empire, Caligula, Dave Graney, Clouds, Falling Joys, Crystal Set and Kim Salmon to name but a few.
In 1990 he promoted tours by Pop Will Eat Itself, Buzzcocks, Jesus Jones, the Fall, Norman Cook/ Beats International. 1991 saw more touring with PWEI, Jesus Jones, Ned's Atomic Dustbin, The Godfathers, Dread Zeppelin, and Mojo Nixon. In 1983 Grierson was involved in the Dead Kennedys tour in 1986, with The Gun Club and in 1989 with Sonic Youth and Dinosaur Jr.
In 1992 Grierson moved the Lost in Music catalogue to Polygram Music Publishing and became Managing Director of the now defunct Polygram Music Australia, a position he retained until 1997. During his time at the helm of Polygram Music, he signed Pauly Fuemana, The Cruel Sea, David Hirschfelder, the LennOno catalogue, Leonard Cohen, Died Pretty, Nick Cave, Powderfinger, The Fauves and The Go Betweens.
In 1998 Grierson replaced the long-serving Alan Hely as Chairman of Festival Records and Festival Music publishing, working closely with James Murdoch. Under Griersons' stewardship, Festival Records acquired Michael Gudinski's 51% share of Mushroom Records to become Festival Mushroom Records in 1999.
In 2001, Grierson was promoted to Senior Vice President for Newscorp Music, continuing his existing roles but now also supervising Mushroom UK and Rawkus and he oversaw the Festival 50th anniversary in 2002.
In 2005 Grierson left Festival and retired from the music business. A year later, FMR sold to the Warner Music group, and its lucrative publishing assets were subsequently acquired by Michael Gudinski
In 2006 he proceeded to reform The Thought Criminals, and in 2007 formed the UnTh!nkables with Phillip Judd from Split Enz.

</doc>
<doc id="19957728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957728" title="Datuk Abdul Samad Hj. Alias">
Datuk Abdul Samad Hj. Alias

Datuk Abdul Samad Hj. Alias is one of the key figures that had contributed to the development of the accountancy profession in Malaysia. He recently completed his term as the Vice-President of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and served as the 4th President in 2000 until 2005. He is the first Malaysian who served the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC) board from 2005 to 2007.
In addition to his involvement in the accountancy profession, Datuk Abdul Samad also serves a number of government links corporations in various capacities. Presently, he chairs the boards of Bank Pembangunan Malaysia Berhad, Malaysia Venture Capital Management Berhad and Malaysian Debt Ventures Berhad. 
He was awarded with Panglima Jasa Negara by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia in 2003 and the ACCA Achievement Award 2006 for Asia by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) in recognition for his contribution to the accountancy profession in Malaysia and the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19957732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957732" title="Roy Francis">
Roy Francis

Roy Francis is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19957739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957739" title="Manitou Park">
Manitou Park

Manitou Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19957756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957756" title="Grahovše">
Grahovše

Grahovše is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Grahovše" is believed to derive from the earlier form "*Grahovišče", which as a common noun refers to a place where peas are grown.

</doc>
<doc id="19957759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957759" title="Sipho Mashele">
Sipho Mashele

Sipho Mashele (born 22 January 1987) was a South African cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Limpopo. He was born in Namakgale.
Mashele made his first-class debut for Limpopo against Namibia in October 2006, having played a single match in the 2005-06 competition. On his debut, he took the wicket of Bjorn Kotze, and scored just eight runs in his first innings, partnering Jacques Pretorius in the tailend.
Where Pretorius was comparatively successful with the bat, however, Mashele struggled, scoring a first-class best of just 10 runs against Mpumalanga.
Mashele made his final appearance for the team against Gauteng in February 2007, as Limpopo finished second-bottom of the One-Day table, and second-bottom, and winless, in the three-day table.

</doc>
<doc id="19957762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957762" title="Porcupine Bank">
Porcupine Bank

Porcupine Bank is an area of the Irish shelf, on the fringes of the Atlantic Ocean approximately west of Ireland.The relatively raised area of seabed, 200m below sea level at its highest, lies between the deep-water Porcupine Seabight and Rockall Trough.
The name comes from the bank's discovery in 1862 by HMS Porcupine, a British sail and paddle-wheel ship used mainly for surveying.
The northern and western slopes of the bank feature species of cold-water corals.
According to Dr. Anthony Grehan of the National University of Ireland, Galway, the virtually untouched site could benefit dwindling fish stocks and possibly aid medical research.
In an 1870 paper presented to the Geological Society of Ireland, Mr W Fraser suggested that these reefs mark the site of the sunken island of Hy-Brasil. Hy-Brasil was recorded on maps of the 15th and 16th centuries and is sometimes referred to as the other Atlantis.

</doc>
<doc id="19957768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957768" title="George Clement Boase">
George Clement Boase

George Clement Boase (20 October 1829, Penzance – 1 October 1897, Lewisham) was an English bibliographer and antiquary.
Biography.
Boase's father was a banker, and Boase himself took up banking in Cornwall and London as a young man from 1846 to 1854. In 1854 Boase voyaged to Australia: arriving at Melbourne, he obtained work as tutor to the children of Thomas Darchy at the Murrumbidgee River, New South Wales and also worked as correspondent for the "Sydney Morning Herald". In 1864 he returned to London, managing the business of Whitehead & Co., provision merchants until taking retirement in 1874.
Like his elder brother, Charles William Boase, Fellow and Librarian of Exeter College, Oxford and his younger brother, the biographer Frederic Boase, George Boase now took up bibliographical pursuits. As well as the works listed below, he compiled the Cornish part of W. W. Skeat's "Bibliographical List of the Works... Illustrative of the Various Dialects of English" (1877) and helped John Ingle Dredge with his work on Devon bibliography. He was a prolific contributor to "Notes and Queries", the "Western Antiquary" and the "Dictionary of National Biography".

</doc>
<doc id="19957787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957787" title="Leqinat">
Leqinat

Leqinat (Serbian and Montenegrin Cyrillic: Лићенат) is a mountain in western Kosovo and eastern Montenegro, in the Prokletije range, with a top height of . Lićenat creates some of the western Rugova Canyon in Kosovo. On Lićenat there are two beautiful, famous lakes that are known to tourists. One is quite small and is called Small Lićenat Lake and the other one is big and is called Leqinat lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19957788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957788" title="Hudi Graben">
Hudi Graben

Hudi Graben is a settlement on the slopes of Mount Dorča in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19957789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957789" title="Serap Aktaş">
Serap Aktaş

Serap Aktaş (born September 25, 1971 in Ceyhan, Turkey) is a Turkish female middle and long-distance runner, who later specialized in marathon. She holds various Turkish records.
In 1994, she finished the Istanbul Marathon first in the women's category, an achievement not reached yet by any other Turkish female athlete. She won the gold medal in women's marathon at the 1997 Mediterranean Games held in Bari, Italy. Serap Aktaş represented Turkey at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, USA and 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia in marathon finishing 23rd and 37th respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19957793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957793" title="Nico United">
Nico United

Nico United is an association football club team based in Selebi-Phikwe, Botswana. The team rejoined the Botswana Premier League for the 2004-05 season after spending the 2003-04 season playing in the second level, First Division-North. Majombolo, as the team is widely known, are based in the copper and nickel mining town of Selebi-Phikwe, in the northeast part of Botswana, about 420 kilometres from the capital Gaborone.

</doc>
<doc id="19957798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957798" title="Sarah Morrison">
Sarah Morrison

Sarah Morrison is an American writer and internet personality. She was the Online editor for the now defunct "Missbehave" magazine as well as a regular columnist and staff writer for its quarterly print publication. She frequently contributes to a variety of other magazines and websites. She resides in Los Angeles, California.
She is a former model, having modeled for a number of businesses and photographers.

</doc>
<doc id="19957803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957803" title="Oreohelicidae">
Oreohelicidae

Oreohelicidae is a family of small to medium-sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 31 and 35 (according to the values in this table).
Genera.
The family Oreohelicidae has no subfamilies.
The type genus is "Oreohelix" Pilsbry, 1904.
Genera within the family Oreohelicidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19957805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957805" title="Anders Bergene">
Anders Bergene

Anders Edvard Olsen Bergene (1855 – 1920) was a Norwegian businessperson. He founded the chocolate company Bergene.
He was born in Hedrum, but eventually moved to Kristiania (Oslo). He worked as a wholesaler from 1882, and from 1890 he also sold self-produced candy. In 1906 he expanded to establish a chocolate factory "A. Bergene Chokoladefabrik" at Rodeløkka. In 1919, one year before his death, the ownership was transferred to his son Alf Bergene. The company became a limited company in 1961 under the name Bergene, and merged with Nidar in 1980. Its chocolate production in Oslo ceased in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19957810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957810" title="Minnesota (disambiguation)">
Minnesota (disambiguation)

Minnesota may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19957817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957817" title="2003 BMW Open – Singles">
2003 BMW Open – Singles

Younes El Aynaoui was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Roger Federer won in the final 6–1, 6–4 against Jarkko Nieminen.

</doc>
<doc id="19957818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957818" title="Between the Assassinations">
Between the Assassinations

Between the Assassinations is the second book published by Aravind Adiga though it was written before his first book "The White Tiger". The title refers to the period between the assassinations of Indira Gandhi in 1984 and her son, Rajiv Gandhi, in 1991. Indira Gandhi was the serving Prime Minister of India when she was assassinated; Rajiv Gandhi became Prime Minister in 1984, and left office following his party's defeat in the 1989 general election.
"Between the Assassinations" is a collection of short stories. It was published by Picador in India in 2008, and in Britain and the United States in 2009. While it reveals the beauty of the rural, coastal south where it is set, its subject is the pathos, injustices and ironies of Indian life.
The book had an initial print run of 16,000 copies, which is on the higher side for fiction in India.
Content.
The stories take place in the fictitious town of Kittur in Southwest India. It was originally modelled on Adiga's hometown of Mangalore, but was substantially changed to make room for more diverse plots and characters. The stories revolve around different classes, castes and religions in India. In each story, another set of characters is introduced, but places and names appear again in other stories.
Even though it was published after "The White Tiger", "Between the Assassinations" was started—and most likely finished—before "The White Tiger" and thus shows Adiga's ideas in a raw and unpolished form. The servant who is tempted to run away with his master's money, the village hick sent to town, Nepali guards and a hit-and-run accident by a rich man, which is subsequently covered up by corrupt policemen, all appear in "Between the Assassinations" and much more concisely and to the point than in "The White Tiger".

</doc>
<doc id="19957823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957823" title="Lectionary 2005">
Lectionary 2005

Lectionary 2005, designated by ℓ "2005" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves, dated paleographically to the 10th century. 
Description.
It is written in large Greek uncial letters, on 3 parchment leaves (32 by 23.5 cm), 2 columns per page, 19 lines per page. 
The codex contains some Lessons from the Gospels ("evangelistarion"). The manuscript has survived in a fragmentary condition. 
The codex was divided, and now two of its folios are located at the Byzantine Museum (Frg. 42) in Athens, 1 folio is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 20) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19957829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957829" title="Kate McIntyre">
Kate McIntyre

Kate McIntyre (born 1973) is a British television presenter who presented The Core between 2000 and 2002 on Channel 5, the children's science show "The Big Bang" from 2002 to 2004. She also co-hosted the BBC home makeover show "DIY SOS" in 2003. Kate also hosted 'I Want That House', 'Bootsale Treasure Hunt' and 'Trading Treasures' for ITV Daytime along with 'Macintyre's Big Sting' for five. Kate presented 'Real Story' for BBC1 and 'Project Puppy' for Animal Planet, along with appearing as part of the GMTV team. And recently Kate has reported on 'Countrywise' for ITV along with 'Live With Gabby' for Channel Five.

</doc>
<doc id="19957833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957833" title="DWEJ">
DWEJ

Power 93.5, is a music FM radio station owned by Love Radio Network in the Philippines. The station's studio is located in Brgy. Poblacion, Lucena City, Quezon.

</doc>
<doc id="19957865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957865" title="Delia Smith's Cookery Course">
Delia Smith's Cookery Course

"Delia Smith's Cookery Course" is a book, first published in the early 1970s, by British chef Delia Smith. The book, reprinted many times, helped establish Smith's reputation as a leading cookery writer in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19957867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957867" title="Tripp Trapp">
Tripp Trapp

Tripp Trapp is an adjustable wooden high chair for children. It was developed by the Norwegian furniture designer Peter Opsvik for the company Stokke AS. Launched in 1972, over time it became a best-selling item. Peter Opsvik is also the designer, in cooperation with Hans Christian Mengshoel, of the original "Balans" kneeling chair.
Development History.
Peter Opsvik noticed that his son Tor had no chair that could position him at the correct height at the family dinner table and enable him to participate with the rest of the family. He then developed a chair that was adjustable and changed with the size of his son as he grew bigger.
Tripp Trapp did not sell well in the beginning, but a news segment on Norwegian television in 1974 sparked an interest that has gained strength over the years. By 2007 Tripp Trapp had sold more than 6 million chairs.
Product characteristics.
Tripp Trapp has a seat and footrest that can be adjusted in both height and depth. Thus it is possible to adapt the chair to a child as it grows. Additionally the chair is correctly spaced and stable that even a young toddler can climb up into the chair safely by themselves. The Tripp Trapp high chair is made from beechwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19957868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957868" title="International Bilingual School at Hsinchu Science Park">
International Bilingual School at Hsinchu Science Park

International Bilingual School at the Hsinchu Science Park (IBSH), formerly known as Bilingual Department of National Experimental High School At Science Based Industrial Park, is situated near the Hsinchu Science Park. It is part of a public, coeducational school (preprimary-12), National Experimental High School (NEHS). Founded in August 1983, the school was proposed by the founder of the Science Park Kwoh-Ting Li and administered by Ministry of Education, National Science Council and administration of the Park. IBSH only admits children of employees of private enterprises in the Park, government organizations, Industrial Technology Research Institute, National Chiao Tung University and National Tsing Hua University.
The Bilingual Department of NEHS changed its name before the 2008-2009 school year after a visit from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges in the spring of 2008. In summer 2011, IBSH was granted WASC accreditation. It serves students in the English-speaking community who either seek an American college-preparatory education or plan to transfer into the local school system.
Student body.
The Bilingual Department currently has at least 700 students from Grades 1-12 enrolled for the 2008-2009 school year. Over half of these students are U.S. citizens. Students come from business, professional, government, and diplomatic families. 41% of IBSH parents have a Ph.D.
Each grade is split up into two classes, A and B, each with its own homeroom teacher. 39 of the 61 certified full-time teachers have Master's degrees and two have Ph.D.'s. 38 of the teachers are Chinese, 18 are American, and 5 are Canadian. The faculty-to-student ratio is 1:20.
Academics.
Students are put through a challenging curriculum that follows an American high school format, albeit with mandatory Chinese classes. Many go on to attend prestigious institutions such as Harvard University, Columbia University, Yale University, Duke University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Rice University, Carnegie Mellon University, University of Southern California, Northwestern University, and University of Chicago. Honor courses offered include: Math (9-12), English (9-12), World History (11), and many Advanced Placement courses. AP courses offered at IBSH include Art History, Biology, Chemistry, Calculus AB/BC, Chinese Language and Culture, Computer Science, English Literature and Composition, Environmental Science, European History, Macro/Microeconomics, Physics C, Psychology, Statistics, US History, and US Government and Politics. In May 2008, 195 students took a total of 325 AP tests. 41.5% scored a 5, 18.8% a 4, 16.9% a 3, 8.9% a 2, and 13.8% a 1, with an average score of 3.625.
The Class of 2009 has 51 students. Up to September 2008, these students have scored an average of 639V, 699M, and 654W (combined average of 1992) on the SAT, well above the national average. Four members of the Class of 2009 have also been named Semifinalists in the National Merit Scholarship Program.
Extracurriculars.
While students must keep up with the rigorous courseload, there are also many active clubs, such as the Animation Comics Club (ACC), A Cappella, Student Government (BDSC), Circuit Breaking Crew (breakdancing), ShutterLensLight (photography), D.Co (Dance Company), Debate, Drama Club, Fellowship, Humane Society, GIN, InterAct, Key Club, Music Corner, Psychology Club, Vistas (newspaper), Freedomwriters, and C-Scope (Cinemascope). Yearbook. Many students are also involved with Model United Nations, and participants attend the HSINMUN (hosts), TAIMUN, and THIMUN-Singapore conferences.
There are a number of athletic teams grades 7-12 students may join. These teams play year-round and hold practices after school. Current teams include Badminton Team, Basketball team (Boys/Girls), Firemonkeys Girl Soccer team (co-ed), Huskies Softball team (co-ed), Boy soccer team, Seamonkeys Swim team (co-ed), NEHS Track and Field team, and the NEHS Cheerleading squad (co-ed). These teams have won various games and tournaments at the city and county level.
IBSH has a semi-rivalry with the Junior High and Senior High Departments of NEHS, especially during Field Day, an all-school track and field competition held in early November. 
Students host their own dances, concerts, and other events such as the back-to-school event (co-hosted by BDSC, InterAct, and Key Club), Beat Concert (co-hosted by InterAct and EDSC), the casual dance (hosted by BDSC), Sitcomania! (hosted by Key Club), Charity Night (co-hosted by InterAct and Key Club), the semi-formal dance (hosted by BDSC), Prom (hosted by the junior class), and Unplugged (hosted by Key Club).

</doc>
<doc id="19957886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957886" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 9)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 9)

Due to the withdrawal of Syria the two teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. When both teams won their home match, a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify. The winner (Spain) qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: José Villalonga

Head coach: Johnny Carey

</doc>
<doc id="19957888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957888" title="Wrangbrook Junction">
Wrangbrook Junction

Wrangbrook Junction near Upton in West Yorkshire was a location where two lines branched off the Hull and Barnsley Railway main line from to . The first junction led to on the South Yorkshire Junction Railway, and after some four chains (80 m) further the Hull & South Yorkshire Extension Railway to Wath diverged. 
Originally three signal boxes controlled the junctions: "Wrangbrook North" on the south side of the main line by the Denaby branch; "Wrangbrook South" on the west side of the Denaby branch and "Wrangbrook West" on the west side of the Wath branch. In 1934 South and West boxes were closed and control passed to North box which was renamed "Wrangbrook Junction".
References.
"Railways in South Yorkshire" C.T. Goode. Dalesman publishing, 1975. ISBN 0-85206-307-5

</doc>
<doc id="19957891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957891" title="Academic grading in Iceland">
Academic grading in Iceland

In Iceland a grade point average ranges from 0 up to 10. It's quite common also to grade simply in percentages.
5 is usually the lowest a passing grade but in some cases the lowest passing grade can be 4.5

</doc>
<doc id="19957903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957903" title="Vernon Harris">
Vernon Harris

Vernon Harris (26 February 1905, Folkestone - November 1989, Surrey) was a British screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="19957910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957910" title="Ochna pulchra">
Ochna pulchra

Ochna pulchra, also known as Lekkerbreek (Afrikaans 'breaking easily', i.e. 'brittle'), is a small deciduous southern African tree up to 5 m, commonly found on deep sandy soil and rocky slopes, and belonging to the tropical family of Ochnaceae, which is widespread in Asia and Africa.
Description.
Its bark is distinctive, peeling in thin flakes to expose creamy-white underbark, similar in appearance to that of "Corymbia maculata", guava or Pride-of-India.
Spring foliage has an oily appearance to the surface and ranges from light green to bronze or bright red, turning to a fresh, shiny green when mature. Lemon-yellow flowers appear in great abundance in spring, the persistent yellow-green calyx turning pink then bright red. The fruit, a kidney-shaped drupe, is initially green maturing to black.
Range.
The tree occurs in the central Transvaal and northern Kruger National Park, extending further to Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Angola, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
It is an indicator species of so-called Gifveld, that is veld where the toxic "Dichapetalum cymosum" is present, which is small and easily overlooked.

</doc>
<doc id="19957914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957914" title="Maximos Mansion">
Maximos Mansion

The Maximos Mansion () is, since 1982, the official seat of the Prime Minister of Greece. It is located in downtown Athens, Greece, near Syntagma Square. Although the building shelters the offices of the Head of the Greek Government, it is also the official residence of the Prime Minister.
Location.
The "Maximos Mansion" is located at Irodou Attikou Street 19, next to the Presidential Mansion and the National Garden.
History.
The building was originally founded in 1912 by shipowner Alexandros Michalinos. At the time the location was used as a potager for the Royal Palace. 
In 1916, Michalinos' widow, having been married to Dimitrios Maximos, sold the incomplete building to Leonidas Empeirikos, only to re-buy it in 1921. Maximos family completed the building and settled there in the early 1920s. During the German Occupation, the mansion was used as the Residence of the German Admiral of the Aegean Sea. After the war the building was shortly used as the seat of the U.S. Ambassador in Athens.
In 1952 Dimitrios Maximos sold the mansion to the Greek State at a favorable price. Consequently the building fell to misuse until 1982, when it was decided by the government to renovate it and use it as the seat of the Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19957918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957918" title="Fergus Blackie">
Fergus Blackie

Fergus Blackie is a former justice of the High Court of Zimbabwe. A former attorney (1963), advocate (1966) and senior counsel (1980), he began his judicial career in 1978 when he was appointed a Senior Judge of Water and Administrative Courts, culminating in an appointment to the bench of the High Court in 1986. He fell from power in 2002 after he successfully brought charges against then Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa for "scandalizing the court"; after the trial, Chinamasa had Blackie arrested and charged with two counts of corruption.

</doc>
<doc id="19957919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957919" title="Grevillea bedggoodiana">
Grevillea bedggoodiana

Grevillea bedggoodiana (Enfield Grevillea) is a shrub which is endemic to Victoria, Australia. It is closely related to "Grevillea obtecta" and "Grevillea aquifolium". 
It may be prostrate or a shrub to 0.5 metres in height. Flowers appear between October and November (mid spring to late spring) in its native range. These have perianths which are green to pink and styles that are pale greenish-pink.
The species was formally described by botanist Jim Willis in 1986. 
"G. bedggoodiana" occurs in eucalypt woodland between Enfield and Smythesdale. The species is listed as "Vulnerable" under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act, "threatened" in Victoria under the Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988 and "Vulnerable in Victoria" on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's "Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="19957928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957928" title="Abronhill High School">
Abronhill High School

Abronhill High School is a non-denominational, comprehensive, secondary school in Abronhill, a suburb of the Scottish new town of Cumbernauld. The school roll was 473 pupils in January 2009. The school was the setting of the 1981 Scottish film "Gregory's Girl".
Abronhill High School is near Abronhill Town Centre, where most of the schoolchildren go for their lunch, or to the nearby shops.
Closure.
In 2012 North Lanarkshire council informed parents that to save more than a million pounds per year it plans to close Abronhill High from August 2013 and transfer pupils to Cumbernauld High.Despite an overwhelmingly negative response from the community, North Lanarkshire Council will go forward with the closure. It was, however, subsequently delayed until 2014 following a consultation. The plan has been criticised for damaging pupils' education, a claim which most community members agree with. This did not stop NLC from going forward with the closure.

</doc>
<doc id="19957935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957935" title="Gary Outram">
Gary Outram

Gary Outram (born 13 February 1976) is a South African cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman who played for North West. He was born in Johannesburg.
Outram played in the Standard Bank League for the first time in 1996-97, and continued to play for the team until 2000-01. Throughout his time at the club, North West remained one of the weakest teams in the league, securing only one win in the 1999-2000, in which Outram played six games. Outram's List A top score was an innings of 83 runs against Border, his only List A half-century.
Outram made a single first-class appearance for North West, during the 2000-01 season. With the match curtailed to just two days play, Outram scored 14 in the only innings in which he batted.
He captained North West against a Zimbabwe XI in the UCB bowl tournament also turning out for the North West Dragons against the visiting English tourists under Nasser Hussain a few seasons back.

</doc>
<doc id="19957942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957942" title="Old Lyme Congregational Church">
Old Lyme Congregational Church

The Old Lyme Congregational Church is located in Old Lyme, Connecticut. The church is noted as a favorite subject of Old Lyme Art Colony painters. It is affiliated with the United Church of Christ.
History.
The first Meeting House was built in 1665 and the first minister was Moses Noyes. New buildings were constructed in 1689 and in 1738. The present building was erected in 1816-7 by architect Samuel Belcher, Belcher also designed the John Sill and William Noyes houses on Lyme Street. The building was burnt down in a July 3, 1907 fire, then rebuilt with help from artists at the Old Lyme art colony in 1908-9.
Five other Congregational churches were built on essentially the same design in the Connecticut towns of Milford (1823), Cheshire (the 1827 First Congregational Church of Cheshire), Litchfield (the 1829 First Congregational Church of Litchfield), Southington (1830), and Guilford (the 1830 First Congregational Church of Guilford). All six churches have front porticos with four fluted columns, the doors of all six have the same dimensions, all six steeples are of the same design and are surmounted by weathervanes that appear to have been cast from one mold, and all six churches have twenty-over-twenty double-hung windows. The similarities suggest that some of the building elements may have been prefabricated.
The building was restored circa 2001 by volunteers, including architect Stephen Lloyd.
Paintings.
Impressionist Childe Hassam depicted the church in a series of three celebrated paintings from 1903 to 1906. One hangs in the Parrish Art Museum in Southampton, New York. Another is displayed in the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, New York. Hassam's paintings helped bring publicity to the Old Lyme art colony and helped tourism in the town. Other artists at the colony, including Charles Ebert and Everett Warner (in about 1911), also tried their hands at painting the church.

</doc>
<doc id="19957998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19957998" title="Anthony Gubbay">
Anthony Gubbay

Anthony Ray Gubbay (b. April 26, 1932) is the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Zimbabwe. He served in the position from 1990 to 2001, when he was forced to take early retirement and replaced by Godfrey Chidyausiku.
He was previously a Supreme Court judge (1983-1990), High Court judge (1977-1983), and advocate in a private practice in 1974.
In 1994 he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Essex.
Personal life.
He married Alice Wilma Sanger in 1962, and has two sons. He currently resides in Harare. Anthony Gubbay has Jewish ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="19958027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958027" title="Liz Barclay">
Liz Barclay

Liz Barclay is a British broadcaster, journalist and writer.
Information.
Barclay was born and brought up in Northern Ireland. Her early career was as a financial advisor and manager at the Citizens' Advice Bureau where she worked from 1985 to 1991. Her first job in radio was at the BBC where she was taken on as a researcher and producer in the Continuing Education department. She is one of the presenters of "You and Yours", the consumer affairs programme. She is a freelance presenter specialising in personal finance and small business.
She is the author of books on Sir Philip Green and Duncan Bannatyne. She writes a consumer affairs column for the "Independent on Sunday". She is also a lay member of the NHS Equality and Diversity Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19958028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958028" title="Canon EOS DCS 1">
Canon EOS DCS 1

The Canon EOS DCS 1 was Kodak's second Canon-based Digital SLR camera (a rebranded Kodak EOS DCS-1). It was released in December 1995, following the cheaper EOS DCS 3, which had been released earlier that year. Like that camera, it combined an EOS-1N body with a modified Kodak DCS 460 digital back. Despite offering a then-enormous resolution of 6 megapixels, with a relatively large APS-H sensor, a number of technical issues (together with its 3.6 million yen price point) meant that it never became a very popular camera outside of a few, very specialized roles.
Although the sensor was much larger than that in the EOS DCS 3, the DCS 1 had a lower fixed sensitivity of ISO 80. The large image size resulted in a burst rate of just over one image per second for two images, followed by an eight-second delay whilst clearing the buffer. A typical contemporary 340MB PCMCIA card or IBM Microdrive could store 53 images. In common with the rest of the Kodak DCS range, the EOS DCS 1 could not produce JPEG files in camera.
The EOS DCS 1 was succeeded in 1998 by the EOS D6000 (a rebranded Kodak DCS 560).

</doc>
<doc id="19958035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958035" title="Rotohex">
Rotohex

Art Style: ROTOHEX is a Nintendo video game for the Wii's WiiWare service. It is a remake of the Japan-only bit Generations title "Dialhex". It was released as WiiWare in North America on October 27, 2008.
Gameplay.
The object of the game is for the player to form hexagons of a solid color (called a "Hex") by rotating into place and combining together colored triangles which drop down from the top of the screen. The player is required to create a certain number of Hexes in order to pass each stage. Initially the game starts with triangles encompassing only two colors, with more colors eventually being added to the mix. In addition, glowing triangles give the player power-ups such as creating a hole in the bottom of the play area, or swapping colors. There are eight different colors in total.
Along with a solo mode which involves progressing through levels, the game features unlockable endless play and sprint modes along with competitive and co-operative multiplayer.
Development.
"Rotohex" was originally released for the Game Boy Advance as "Dialhex" under the "Bit Generations" label on July 13, 2006 exclusively in Japan. This version was announced on June 1, 2006. Nintendo announced that they would be giving free copies of the games in the series to 700 members of the Club Nintendo web site in exchange to feedback on them, though only to people who own a Game Boy Advance or Nintendo DS. Nintendo filed for an ESRB rating for this title in the US. It was later remade for the Wii's WiiWare service in the "Art Style" series. Both versions were developed and published by skip Ltd. and Nintendo respectively.
Reception.
IGN gave "Rotohex" an 8/10, calling the game "one of those awesome 'zone out' matching puzzlers" which carries an "unbelievable addictiveness" in its gameplay that is "almost as addictive as Marathon Mode is in "Tetris"". It was nominated for Best Puzzle Game for the Wii by IGN in its 2008 video game awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19958043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958043" title="Reshef Hen">
Reshef Hen

Reshef Ari Hen (, born 28 May 1968) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui and the Secular Faction between 2003 and 2006.
Biography.
Born in Haifa, Hen gained an LLB at the University of Essex and an MBA at the University of Haifa before working as an attorney.
Between 1998 and 2003 he served on Haifa city council. For the 2003 Knesset elections he was placed 9th on the Shinui list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 15 seats. During his first term, he was a member of the House Committee, the Committee on Drug Abuse, the Constitution, Law and Justice Committee and the Committee on the Status of Women. He was also a member of the parliamentary inquiries into trafficking of women and corruption in the government.
Along with most of the party's MKs, he defected to the Secular Faction (which later became Hetz) shortly before the 2006 elections following disagreements over the results of Shinui's primary results. He was placed 60th on the Hetz list for the elections, and lost his seat when it failed to cross the electoral threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="19958047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958047" title="Church of King Charles the Martyr, Falmouth">
Church of King Charles the Martyr, Falmouth

The Church of King Charles the Martyr () is a parish church in the Church of England situated in the centre of Falmouth, Cornwall.
History.
The foundations of the church were laid by Sir Peter Killigrew on 29 August 1662. Some 18 months later, on 21 February 1664, John Bedford, the Rector of Gerrans in the Roseland, preached the first sermon at the church and on 22 August 1665 it was consecrated. John Beford's son, Francis Bedford was then appointed the first rector by Seth Ward, Bishop of Exeter. 
The Church was dedicated to the memory of King Charles I, who was executed on 31 January 1649 after the English Civil War (1642-1646). At the end of the war his heir, later Charles II, fled into exile via Pendennis Castle, a mile or so from where the church now stands, and planned to build "a chapel for public worship ... and when the wars ceased, to send an able and conscientious chaplain to preach God's word therein". Following the Restoration of the Monarchy however, it was Sir Peter Killigrew, of the nearby Arwenack Manor, who, having a long-standing ambition to found a town and a church on the Haven, sent an emissary to the King in London in 1660, seeking the grant of a Charter for the new town of Falmouth. He also offered land for a church, parsonage and churchyard if the King would sponsor the project. Owing partly, perhaps, to his diplomatic dedication of his new church to the King's martyred father, Sir Peter succeeded in modifying the royal vow and "received much help... through the generosity of Charles II and the Duke of York, and the liberal contributions of diverse honourable and worthy persons".
The church has undergone many alterations since its consecration. Originally, the building is thought to have been some 66 feet square. In 1684 the first extensions to the church were carried out by Walter Quarme, the third rector. A chancel was built at the east end and the lowest part of the tower was built. In 1686, a gallery was built at the west end, at the cost of Sir Peter Killigrew. The gallery over the north aisle was added in 1699, and in 1702 the gallery over the south isle was built. Also in 1702, the first organ, built by John Russell of London, was installed at the west end. In 1738, the tower was raised and acquired a 12-hundredweight bell (now, after various changes, replaced by an eight bell carillon).
By 1813, the population of Falmouth had grown to over 7000, so the 1684 chancel was demolished, the church lengthened to the east by nearly a third, and the chancel was then rebuilt. The fabric of the church slowly deteriorated during the early 19th century, and in 1896 another major reconstruction began. The three pitched roofs and the galleries were removed and the walls were raised to allow three new barred ceilings with ornamental plaster-work to be installed. The work took about a year to be completed. Subsequent improvements included a new organ chamber in 1915; the area previously occupied by the organ became the Warrior Chapel. Electric lighting was introduced in 1907 and in 1936 the baptistery was formed, although the font dates from 1759.
It has been remarked by one historian that Falmouth Parish Church has probably undergone more alterations and additions than any other church in the United Kingdom.
Music.
For many years the church had an all-male choir which was disbanded in the late 1960s due to chorister recruitment difficulties. The choir now consists of adult SATB who sing two services each Sunday. There is also a Lunchtime Concert Series on Saturdays between May and October which was launched by the Director of Music, Lance Foy, in 2012.
The organ.
The church has a three manual organ built by Lance Foy of Truro. It is the largest organ in Cornwall after the Father Willis organ at Truro Cathedral.
The first pipe organ was installed in the west gallery of the church in the spring of 1703 and was built by John Russell, a London based organ builder, costing £200. It was not met with universal acclamation. One local lampoonist versified: "Arrived at the church, 'tis diverting to see Them all strut to Ned Kendall's organist's vile twiddle dum dee, whose bass and whose treble, comparatively speaking, are like old pigs grunting and little pigs squeaking."
After 95 years service with little maintenance, the organ was dismantled and sold and a contract for a new instrument was placed with London organ builder Hugh Russell in 1798. The new organ had fifteen stops and a swell manual enclosed in a box with 'Nag Head' shutters (a recent innovation of the time) and also a short compassed pedal department.
In 1881, the second organ was in a bad state of repair and was sold and replaced by a three manual pipe organ built by Hele and Co. of Plymouth. This was situated in the Warrior Chapel (the south east corner of the church). The organ was played at floor level with the console directly behind the choir stalls. In 1910, £120 was spent on some tonal alterations made by Hele & Co; a Posaune reed stop (a typical Edwardian measure) and Small Open Diapason were added and the two original mixtures were removed from the Great and the Swell. In 1914, work on more tonal adjustments began - a Vox Humana rank was added, part of the organ was converted to Tubular Pneumatic action, a Tremulant stop to the Choir manual, and a new organ chamber was built and the organ moved from the Warrior Chapel to its present position. This work costed a total of £204 and was completed by Christmas 1915. The Organ had 30 speaking stops and a total of 1,886 pipes. In 1949 the instrument was cleaned and overhauled and the present 'Discus' blower installed in the fifties.
By the 1970s the organ had deteriorated to such an extent that it was becoming unplayable and in January 1978, Lance Foy of Truro started work on a new instrument. In 1979 a new organ was installed using parts of the organ from the redundant church of St. Thomas, Bristol, and much of the Hele pipework from the previous organ. In 1993, the organ was rebuilt again by Lance Foy, with various tonal improvements including the provision of a 16’ 8’ and 4’ Ophicleide and Trumpet unit, new upper work to the Great and Choir organs, the addition of a 4’ Flute, Oboe 8’ and Vox Humana 8’, a refurbished console and a new piston capture system.
A specification of the current organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19958051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958051" title="H. Blaine Lawson">
H. Blaine Lawson

Herbert Blaine Lawson, Jr. is a mathematician best known for his work in minimal surfaces, calibrated geometry, and algebraic cycles. He is currently a Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Stony Brook University. He received his PhD from Stanford University in 1969 for work carried out under the supervision of Robert Osserman.
Research.
Minimal surfaces.
Lawson found in 1970 a method to solve free boundary value problems for unstable Euclidean constant-mean-curvature surfaces by solving a corresponding Plateau problem for minimal surfaces in "S"3. He constructed compact minimal surfaces in the 3-sphere of arbitrary genus by applying Morrey's solution of the Plateau problem in general manifolds. This work of Lawson contains a rich set of ideas among them the conjugate surface construction for minimal and constant mean curvature surfaces.
Calibrated geometry.
The theory of calibrations, whose roots are in the work of Marcel Berger, finds its genesis in a 1982 Acta Mathematica paper of
Reese Harvey and Blaine Lawson. The theory of calibrations has grown to be important because of its many applications to gauge theory and mirror symmetry.
Algebraic cycles.
In his 1989 "Annals of Mathematics" paper "Algebraic Cycles and Homotopy Theory", Lawson proved a theorem which is now called the Lawson suspension theorem. This theorem is the cornerstone of Lawson homology and morphic cohomology which are defined by taking the homotopy groups of algebraic cycle spaces of complex varieties. 
Awards and honors.
He was a 1973 recipient of the American Mathematical Society's Leroy P. Steele Prize, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1995. He is a former recipient of both the Sloan Fellowship and the Guggenheim Fellowship, and has delivered two invited addresses at International Congresses of Mathematicians, one on geometry, and one on topology. He has served as Vice President of the American Mathematical Society, and 
is a foreign member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences. 
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19958070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958070" title="Transparency (social)">
Transparency (social)

Transparency is a general quality. It is implemented by a set of policies, practices and procedures that allow citizens to have accessibility, usability, utility, understandability, informativeness and auditability of information and process held by centers of authority (society or organizations). Feedback mechanisms are necessary to fulfill the goal of transparency.
Motivation.
Transparency has been, for long, a general requirement for democratic societies. The right to be informed and to have access to the information has been an important issue on modern societies.
Scope.
Organizational transparency (for stakeholders).
Transparency in organizations is delimited by ethics and the value of truth (if the value of truth can be verified and in which degree of objectivity). Transparency also must be analyzed as the impact of an organization associated or affiliated with its stakeholders. These impacts need to find out whether the organization's activities are consistent with regard to the society’s interests, whether they are ethical and whether these activities are institutionalized (integrated into the organization).
Target transparency (for consumers).
According to Fung et al., “target transparency aims to reduce specific risks or performance problems through selective disclosure by corporations and other organizations. The ingeniousness of target transparency lies in its mobilization of individual choice, market forces, and participatory democracy through relatively light-handed government action.”
Social transparency (for citizens).
Social transparency allows citizens to be more informed and encourages the disclosure as a regulation mechanism of centers of authority. It is based on ethics and governance, where the interests and needs are focused in the citizen.
Further Reading.
Byung-Chul Han: "Transparenzgesellschaft". Matthes & Seitz, Berlin 2012, ISBN 978-3-88221-595-3.

</doc>
<doc id="19958102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958102" title="Sharing (album)">
Sharing (album)

Sharing 分享 ("Pinyin:" Fēn Xiǎng) is the video compilation album (fourth album overall) by winner of Malaysian Idol 2, Danell Lee Chieh Hun, released on 27 September 2008. This is also the first album released under the artiste's new name, which was formerly Daniel Lee Chee Hun (李吉汉 Lǐ Jíhàn).
In reality, it features more of a compilation of songs from his past 3 albums, Daniel Lee Chee Hun, Unavoidable and Pasti, with the inclusion of 2 new songs. What makes this album special is that the entire compilation comes in the form of a karaoke DVD containing MVs of all 15 songs plus a bonus audio CD that contains the 2 newer songs. The 15 MVs are also accompanied with their respective karaoke versions.
Name Change.
During the album's first meet-the-fans session on September 27, 2008 at Berjaya Times Square, Danell announced the change of both his Chinese and English names, which he done secretly in August. This was done due to popular Chinese belief that a change in the name may bring better luck and Danell himself actually experienced better luck after 'trying out' his new name for a month and thus officially adopting it.
Danell himself admitted that he has refused to become the 'sweet boy' after 3 years in the entertainment scene and would like to try on more mature-toned songs. This was clearly shown in his MV for 我的志愿 ("My Aspiration")
See also.
Danell Lee Chieh Hun<br>
Malaysian Idol<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19958103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958103" title="Silly Really">
Silly Really

"Silly Really" is a pop song by Swedish singer and composer Per Gessle from his album "Party Crasher". It was released as the lead single from the album on October 29, 2008. The song premiered at the Swedish radio-show MorronZoo, in the morning of October 24.
The new remix of "Silly Really" will be released on January 19 or 26. It is also supposed to be available in "all digital stores". The song is remixed by Dick Mixon.
Critical reception.
Expressen's Andreas Nunstedt called Per Gessle "a pop genius" and described the song as a "happy love story where disco meets synthpop". Håkan Steen from Aftonbladet describes "Silly Really" in a similar way ("a beat that feels like Blondie in a disco mood"). Even if "the single may not sound that modern", he said the song is a sure hit for the Swedish radio.
Track listing.
Swedish CD single<br>
Europe digital remix<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19958106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958106" title="Zia-ul-Haque">
Zia-ul-Haque

Zia-ul-Haque was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Ul-Haque made a single appearance for the team, during the 1984-85 Ranji Trophy season, against Bengal. Batting in the tailend, ul-Haque finished the first innings on 0 not out, and scored a duck in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19958112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958112" title="Neglected and underutilized crop">
Neglected and underutilized crop

Neglected and underused crops are domesticated plant species that have been used for centuries or even millennia for their food, fibre, fodder, oil or medicinal properties, but have been reduced in importance over time owing to particular supply and use constraints. These can include, "inter alia", poor shelf life, unrecognized nutritional value, poor consumer awareness and reputational problems (famine food or "poor people's food"). Other than that, with modernization of agricultural practices many of these crops have become neglected due to their being held in low esteem and some have been so neglected that genetic erosion of their genepools has become so severe that they are often regarded as lost crops.
As the demand for plant and crop attributes changes (reappraisal or discovery of nutritional traits, culinary value, adaptation to climate change, etc.), neglected crops can overcome the constraints to the wider production and use. As a matter of fact, many formerly neglected crops are now globally significant crops (oilpalm, soybean, kiwi fruit). Although the options for scaling up neglected crops for large-scale agriculture appear to be increasingly exhausted, many species have the potential to contribute to food security, nutrition, dietary and culinary diversification, health and income generation. They also provide environmental services. It is impossible to define what would constitute "proper" or "correct" levels of use; however, many neglected species evidently are underused relative to their nutritional value and productivity.
Overview.
Just three crops - maize, wheat and rice - account for about 50% of the world's consumption of calories and protein. About 95% of the world's food needs are provided for by just 30 species of plants. In stark contrast, at least 12,650 species names have been compiled as edible. Neglected and underutilized plants are those that could be - and, in many cases, historically have been - used for food and other uses on a larger scale.
Such crop species have also been described as "minor", "orphan", "promising" and "little-used".
Definition of neglected and underutilized crop.
It is difficult to precisely define which attributes makes a crop "underutilized", but often they display the following features:
Neglected crops are primarily grown by traditional farmers. These species may be widely distributed beyond their centres of origin but tend to occupy special niches in the local production and consumption systems. They are important for the subsistence of local communities, yet remain poorly documented and neglected by the mainstream research and development activities.
Underutilized crops are those marginalized by farmers and consumers due to agronomic, genetic, economic, environmental and cultural reason, which were once important and major crop in the community.
Importance.
They continue to play an important role in the subsistence and economy of poor people throughout the developing world, particularly in the agrobiodiversity-rich tropics. Despite their potential for dietary diversification and the provision of micronutrients such as vitamins and minerals, they continue to attract little research and development attention.
Alongside their commercial potential, many of the underused crops also provide important environmental services, as they are adapted to marginal soil and climate conditions.
Constraints.
The following are frequent constraints:
Examples of neglected and underutilized crops.
Determination of the underutilized status of a crop varies among researchers. Each countries, and R & D institutions use different criteria and approaches to define this particular group of crop. It should be noted that in any cases where exotic species or diversified species are underutilized at certain region, these are not necessarily underutilized in other parts of the worlds.

</doc>
<doc id="19958141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958141" title="Eti Livni">
Eti Livni

Eti Livni (, born 1 June 1948) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui and the Secular Faction between 2003 and 2006.
Biography.
In the 1999 elections Livni was placed tenth on the Shinui list, but missed out on a seat when they won only six mandates. For the 2003 elections she was placed 12th on the party's list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 15 seats. During her first term, she chaired the Committee on the Status of Women and was a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset.
Along with most of the party's MKs, she defected to the Secular Faction (which later became Hetz) shortly before the 2006 elections following disagreements over the results of Shinui's primary results. She was placed sixth on the Hetz list for the elections, but lost her seat when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.
In 2008 it was announced that Livni would run for a spot on the Kadima list for the 2009 elections. Ultimately she was placed 51st on the party's list, failing to win a seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19958143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958143" title="A-Bomb (EP)">
A-Bomb (EP)

A-Bomb is the first EP by the American pop punk band Teenage Bottlerocket. It was released in 2002 on 7" vinyl by One Legged Pup. The title track was later re-recorded for "Total". The EP is included in the Deluxe Version of Another Way.

</doc>
<doc id="19958160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958160" title="The Iceman Cometh (1960 TV production)">
The Iceman Cometh (1960 TV production)

The Iceman Cometh is a 1960 television production of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title. Two separate parts were originally broadcast as episodes of "Play of the Week" in National Educational Television (NET).

</doc>
<doc id="19958175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958175" title="Yamaha XJR400">
Yamaha XJR400

The Yamaha XJR400 was a motorcycle manufactured by Yamaha. It is a relatively light naked bike with around 53 hp/ 40 kilowatts. The XJR400 was built from 1990 until 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="19958185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958185" title="Sir Walter Gilbert, 1st Baronet">
Sir Walter Gilbert, 1st Baronet

General Sir Walter Raleigh Gilbert, 1st Baronet (18 March 1785, Bodmin – 12 May 1853, Stevens' Hotel, Bond Street, London) was an army officer in the British East India Company.
Life.
He was the third son of the Revd Edmund Gilbert (d. 1816), vicar of Constantine and rector of Helland, Cornwall, and his wife, the daughter of Henry Garnett of Bristol. Like Sir Humphrey Gilbert, he was a member of the Devon family of Gilbert of Compton and he was named after Sir Humphrey's stepbrother Sir Walter Raleigh.
He gained a cadetship in the Bengal Infantry in 1800, and in September the following year was posted to the 15th Bengal Native Infantry (commanded by Colonel John Macdonald) as ensign. Arriving in India in October 1801, he then became lieutenant on 12 September 1803 and captain on 16 April 1810. Participating in the defeat of Perron's brigades at Koil, Aligarh, the battles of Delhi, Laswari and the storming of Agra. He also attracted the attention of Lord Lake by his participation in the four unsuccessful attacks on Bharatpur. In 1814, in Calcutta, he married Isabella Rose Ross, the daughter of Thomas Ross, a major in the Royal Artillery - the marriage produced Sir Francis Hastings Gilbert in 1816 (later British consul at Scutari), Geraldine Adelaide (b. 1817 in Bodmin).
Next he was successively barrack-master and cantonment magistrate at Cawnpore, commandant of the Calcutta native militia, and commandant of the Ramgarh local battalion. Promoted to major on 12 November 1820, he then became lieutenant-colonel of the newly formed 39th Bengal native infantry in 1824, colonel of the 35th native infantry and of the 1st Bengal European Fusiliers in 1832, major-general in June 1838 and finally lieutenant-general in November 1851. During the First Anglo-Sikh War he commanded a division of Sir Hugh Gough's army at the battles of Mudki and Ferozeshahr (December 1845), and at Sobraon (10 February 1846) - Gough mentioned him favourably in his dispatches.
He was made a KCB in April 1846 and again commanded a division under Gough in the Second Anglo-Sikh War, at the 1849 battles of Chilianwala and Gujrat before leading his division (which included Robert Napier) across the Jhelum River to pursue the remnants of the Sikh army and receiving their surrender on 3 and 6 March. He next pursued the Sikhs' Afghan allies right up to the Khyber Pass, and in reward was appointed GCB in June 1849 and a baronet in 1850. Becoming known as a sportsman as well as a soldier in India, on his death a memorial obelisk was erected on the Bodmin Beacon, though his baronetcy became extinct on his son Francis's death.

</doc>
<doc id="19958191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958191" title="Alexander Mocsáry">
Alexander Mocsáry

Alexander Mocsary, sometimes (27 September 1841, Nagyvárad () - 26 December 1915, Budapest) was a Hungarian entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera.
He was the Curator of the Hungarian Natural History Museum where his collection of mainly Hungarian insects of all Orders is conserved. He described many new taxa.

</doc>
<doc id="19958192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958192" title="Ilyushin I-21">
Ilyushin I-21

__NOTOC__
The Ilyushin I-21, (Istrebitel-21, fighter-21), was a single-engined, single-seat fighter produced in the USSR in 1936-7 in response to a government specification. 
It was an all-metal, low-wing, cantilever monoplane with retractable undercarriage and closed cockpit. The wings were sharply tapered with straight trailing edges, which introduced sweep back on the leading-edge. Two specially modified Mikulin AM-34RNF, (also written AM-34FRN), liquid-cooled V-12 engines provided the power via a non reducing gearbox, which was used only to raise the thrust line, and enable the use of shorter undercarriage legs. 
Cooling for the first prototypes engine used an evaporative system which dispensed with radiators and used condensers built into the surface of the wing centre section. The second prototype was fitted with a conventional cooling system using ethylene glycol coolant and a retractable radiator. Flight trials started but soon showed that the evaporative cooling system was inadequate with both the engine and the wing centre section overheating. Ilyushin was also very aware of the vulnerability of the system to combat damage, but he was ordered by GUAP to use this system. Further development was halted in 1939 and the I-21 designation was re-used for the Pashinin I-21.

</doc>
<doc id="19958201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958201" title="Gary Allan Polis">
Gary Allan Polis

Gary Allan Polis (born 1946 in California; died March 27, 2000) was an arachnologist noted for his study of scorpions.
Education and career.
Gary Polis was born in Los Angeles, California. He graduated from Loyola University in 1969. Polis received an M.A. in 1975 and a Ph.D. in biology in 1977 from the University of California, Riverside.
While at UC Riverside, Polis studied under Dr. Roger Farley. He conducted a variety of experiments and did studies of Vaejovidae. He went on to teach at Vanderbilt University from 1979 to 1992 and wrote several books; his "Biology of Scorpions" has been referred to as the "scorpion Bible." In 1998, Polis became Professor of Environmental Science and Policy at the University of California, Davis, a post he held until his death in 2000.
Polis was noted as a desert ecologist and advised the government on desert scorpions during the Gulf War. He died in a seastorm in the Sea of Cortez during an ecological expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="19958244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958244" title="Wooldale Centre for Learning">
Wooldale Centre for Learning

The Wooldale Centre for Learning (WCL), is situated in Wootton, Northamptonshire. It houses the local library for the Wootton and Wootton Fields areas, a primary school and a secondary school.
Facilities.
Inside the centre, there is a community friendly environment which includes schools, library and cafes. The school is Caroline Chisholm School, which in turn contains a primary school and secondary school. The library contains over 46,000 books, 6 public computers, work area and a section for up to date newspapers. The schools can be accessed by a staircase leading up to a reception area from where the school buildings start.
Management.
The WCL is mainly managed by the facilities company Kajima, however during school hours, the library is used for school purposes and therefore managed by the school facilities managers, MITIE Pfi.

</doc>
<doc id="19958264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958264" title="Somare Cup">
Somare Cup

The Somare Cup is a rugby league competition in Papua New Guinea.
See also.
Rugby league in Papua New Guinea

</doc>
<doc id="19958291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958291" title="The Maid of Orleans">
The Maid of Orleans

The Maid of Orleans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958297" title="Another Way (album)">
Another Way (album)

Another Way is the first album by the American pop punk band Teenage Bottlerocket. It was released on October 31, 2003 on 12" vinyl by One Legged Pup. It was released digitally, via online music store such as Amazon MP3, iTunes and eMusic, in 2008. In March 2011, a 'deluxe edition' containing the tracks from the "A-Bomb" EP and the band's tracks from a split 7" with Bill the Welder was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19958310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958310" title="Janiszew">
Janiszew

Janiszew may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19958311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958311" title="University of Central Arkansas shootings">
University of Central Arkansas shootings

The 2008 University of Central Arkansas shooting was a school shooting that took place on the 12,500-student campus of the University of Central Arkansas in Conway, Arkansas on Sunday, October 26, 2008.
The shooting occurred after 9:00pm CDT outside of the Arkansas Hall dormitory. Two students – Ryan Henderson, 18, and Chavares Block, 19 – were fatally shot. A third person, 19-year-old Martrevis Norman, a non-student visiting the campus, was shot in a leg and was treated at the nearby Conway Regional Medical Center. 
Four suspects were charged in the shooting: Kawin Brockton, 19, Kelsey Perry, 19, Mario Tony, 20, and Brandon Wade, 20.
This was the second time in 2008 that an Arkansas campus was the scene of a shooting. On February 27, 2008, a student was shot and injured at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. Two suspects were arrested and charged in that crime however it was later determined that the UALR shooting was not a prototypical "school shooting" as it involved non-students.

</doc>
<doc id="19958312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958312" title="Wences Casares">
Wences Casares

Wences Casares is a technology entrepreneur, based in Palo Alto, California, with global business experience specializing in technology and financial ventures. 
He is Founder and CEO of Lemon.com. 
Originally from Patagonia, Argentina, Casares launched that country's first Internet Service Provider, Internet Argentina S.A. in 1994, a company he would go on to sell in order to found the Argentine online brokerage Patagon in 1997, working with partner Meyer Malka. With Casares serving as Chairman and CEO, Patagon established itself as Latin America's first comprehensive Internet financial services portal and expanded its online banking services to the United States, Spain, and Germany. Patagon was acquired by the Spanish bank, Banco Santander for $750 million in 2000. 
Casares founded Wanako Games, a videogame developer headquartered in New York City with development based out of Santiago, Chile. Wanako Games developed the award winning game Assault Heroes honored as "Game of the Year" for Microsoft Xbox Live in 2006, and was acquired by Activision. 
In 2002 Casares along with his partners founded Banco Lemon, a retail bank for the underbanked in Brazil. Banco do Brasil, Brazil's largest bank, acquired Banco Lemon in June 2009. 
From 2004-2007 Casares and his family circumnavigated the globe aboard their sailing catamaran, Simpatica.
Casares is an elected member of the World Economic Forum's “Young Global Leaders of” Class of 2011 and regularly attends the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland. He is a member of the Young Presidents' Organization and was selected as an Endeavor Entrepreneur by Endeavor, an organization of which he later became a board member. Casares served on the board of the Viva Trust and founded the Fundación Síntesis. Casares studied business administration for three years at the University of San Andrés, in Buenos Aires, and completed the Owner/President Management program at Harvard University. He also spent one year as a Rotary Exchange Student in 1991-1992 in Washington, PA. in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19958321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958321" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kenya)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kenya)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kenya is the Kenyan government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Kenya.
The Ministry was established in 1963 after Kenya's independence. Since independence, Kenyan foreign policy has been designed and guided by the principles of peaceful co-existence, preservation of national security, peaceful settlement of disputes, non-interference in the internal affairs of other states, non-alignment, national interest and adherence to the Charters of the United Nations and African Union. 
A Service Charter, based on the current Strategic Plan and the Foreign Policy document, has been developed to guide the operations of the Foreign Ministry so that the Ministry could successfully implement its core mandate and functions. The Strategic Plan sets out what the Ministry is and what it does. The Ministry has developed a self-assessment mechanism, the Performance Contact, to facilitate delivery of services within predetermined targets.

</doc>
<doc id="19958324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958324" title="Manuel Tito de Morais">
Manuel Tito de Morais

Manuel Alfredo Tito de Morais (Lisbon, 28 June 1910 – 14 December 1999), was a Portuguese politician.
Background.
He was the eldest child and son of Tito Augusto de Morais (Peso da Régua, 11 February 1880 - 1963), a Navy Officer of the Portuguese Navy and a Minister, and wife (m. 2 June 1909) Carolina de Antas de Loureiro de Macedo (8 July 1881 - ?), sister in law of Augusto de Paiva Bobela da Mota, 116th (Provisional) Governor of Portuguese India in 1919 and great-great-granddaughter in female line of the 1st Baron of São José de Porto Alegre, a rich merchant from Macau.
Career.
He graduated as a Licentiate in Electronic Engineering from Ghent University (Belgium).
In 1945, with the end of World War II and the beginning of new democratic movements, he was a Member of the Central Commission of the Movimento de Unidade Democrática (MUD). However, due to the political conditionments of the Estado Novo, he was forced to exile in Angola, where two of his sons were born in the 1950s, France, Brazil, Algeria, where Manuel Alegre and other resistant elements, many of whom Socialists as him, were already living and where another son was born in the 1960s, Switzerland, Italy and West Germany. In Algeria he was the Director of the Junta de Salvação Nacional and, in Geneva in 1964, he founded the Associação Socialista Portuguesa (ASP), which later originated the Socialist Party (PS) in 1973, of which he was also one of the Founders and a Militant.
After the Carnation Revolution and the legalization of his Party, he became a Deputy to the Constituent Assembly in 1975 and a Deputy to the Assembly of the Republic in the following year of 1976. Between May 1979 and April 1980 he held the office of Vice-President of the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Council.
He occupied the office of Vice-President of the Assembly of the Republic between 8 February 1978 and 29 October 1978 and again from 22 October 1981 and 30 May 1983, and was its 6th President from 8 June 1983 to 24 October 1984. In these last functions he also became a Member of the Portuguese Council of State.
In the 6th Congress of PS he became its Secretary-General between 1986 and 1988.
Family.
He married firstly Maria da Conceição Formosinho Mealha (Silves, Silves, 1912 - Lisbon, 1992), daughter of João Vitorino Mealha, a Lawyer (whose mother's paternal grandfather was famous Portuguese Miguelist outlaw and bandit Remexido), and wife Maria Julieta da Guerra Formosinho, whom he divorced, and had five children: 
He married secondly Maria Emília Adelaide Pedroso da Cunha Rego Monteiro dos Santos (Lisbon, São Sebastião da Pedreira, 2 May 1923), of some maternal Nobility, and had three children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19958338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958338" title="Pit Crew Panic!">
Pit Crew Panic!

Pit Crew Panic! is a WiiWare game by Hudson Soft. It was released in North America on December 1, 2008, in Europe on December 5, 2008 and in Japan on December 2, 2008.
Gameplay.
Described by Hudson as an "action panic" game, "Pit Crew Panic!" sees players controlling a team of six pit crew girls in attempting to fix different objects. The game involves the player directing their pit crew with the pointer of the Wii Remote to fix broken parts on a variety of vehicles, such as racing cars and motorcycles, against a time limit. In addition, players must also fix more unusual objects termed "WHATSITs"; these include items such as toilets, cakes and a bed of flowers, right up to huge objects like castles, aircraft carriers, the Golden Gate Bridge and the International Space Station. In order to speed up repair players can jump in and help the girls out by picking a part and miming their repair action with the Remote.
The game gives players the option of playing in a normal time attack mode, an "abnormal mode" (a competitive mode involving two teams fixing the same WHATSIT) and a training mode. Each mode supports up to four players playing simultaneously. Players will also have the option to customize the rules, the WHATSITs that show up and the time limit they are set before starting the game. In addition, "Pit Crew Panic!" also features local and online multiplayer modes, and players will also be able to upload their best times onto an online leaderboard.
Reception.
WiiWare World gave "Pit Crew Panic!" a 6/10, finding the game playable but ultimately "rather repetitive" and suffering from some interface issues and visuals that are "all over the map". IGN gave the game 3.9/10, highlighting the game's unique concept but also noting shallow gameplay, limited lasting appeal and frustrating controls.

</doc>
<doc id="19958345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958345" title="Pieróg, Poland">
Pieróg, Poland

Pieróg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19958349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958349" title="Bushrod Island">
Bushrod Island

Bushrod Island is an island near Monrovia, Liberia surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, the Saint Paul River and the Mesurado River. It contains the Freeport of Monrovia, the major national port of Liberia and a variety of businesses. It also contains numerous residential areas and government buildings. Its proximity to the capital and industrial base make it an important commercial area for the country. End Point is a geographical feature on north end of Bushrod Island.
Bushrod Island was occupied by the Dei people from the 16th century until the early 19th century. Gawulun was the chief town of the Dei on the island, and served as the capitol of the Dei when "King Peter" was selected as the chief spokesman for his fellow Dei chiefs in 1819. In the late 1820s the community of New Georgia was established on Bushrod Island by people who had been freed from a slave ship in 1820, and kept in Georgia in the United States until 1827. In 1878 a community of Vai people (called "Vei Town" by Williams) was located on Bushrod Island across the Mesurado River from Monrovia, while a few miles up the river on the island the community of New Georgia had about 500 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19958359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958359" title="Polaki, Poland">
Polaki, Poland

Polaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19958360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958360" title="Mirrors (film)">
Mirrors (film)

Mirrors is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by Alexandre Aja, and stars Kiefer Sutherland. The film was first titled "Into the Mirror", but the name was later changed to "Mirrors". Filming began on May 1, 2007, and it was released in American theaters on August 15, 2008.
The film was originally scripted as a remake of the 2003 South Korean horror film "Into the Mirror" which is rated 15 by KMRB. However, once Aja was brought on board and read the script, he was dissatisfied with the particulars of the original film's story. He decided to retain the original film's basic idea involving mirrors, and to incorporate a few of its scenes, but otherwise crafted a new story and script for his version of the movie. "Mirrors" is the first Aja film to achieve an R rating without the need for scenes to be cut.
Plot.
The film begins with a security guard running through a subway station. The guard eventually enters a room he cannot escape from and starts begging his reflection in a mirror for his life. Suddenly, his reflection cuts its throat with a mirror shard, killing the "real" security guard.
Ben Carson (Kiefer Sutherland), a suspended police detective, begins his first day as a night security guard at the Mayflower, a luxury department store that was gutted by a fire and shuttered five years prior. The building still contains numerous mirrors from the store.
On Benny's first night of patrol he finds a mirror that appears to be covered with handprints, but only on the reflected side of the glass. He sees an open door in the reflection while it is actually closed. Over time, Ben begins to see more intense visions, which he initially shrugs off as hallucinations. He soon finds the wallet of Gary Lewis, the previous night guard (who died at the beginning of the film). Inside is a note that says "Esseker". After viewing Gary’s crime photos Benny is convinced that the mirrors make people do things to themselves that they are not actually doing.
Meanwhile, Ben's sister, Angie (Amy Smart) is killed by her reflection as it grips its jaw and slowly pull its mouth apart, causing her to bleed profusely. Ben is distraught when he finds her body. In anger, he attempts to destroy the mirrors at the Mayflower, but they are impervious to damage. He demands to know what the mirrors want, and cracks appear on one of the mirrors, spelling out the word "ESSEKER".
Ben enters the flooded basement of the Mayflower and finds a small sign stating "Psychiatric Studies" and "St. Matthew's Hospital" underneath. He moves to the site of the leak and begins pulling at the tiles and brick of the wall and finds a room with a chair surrounded by mirrors beyond it, a Psychomanteum. Realizing that the Mayflower was built on the site of an earlier hospital,
Benny asks his police friend Larry (Jason Flemyng) to help him locate the patient-employee manifest for the hospital. Larry finds the name Anna Esseker, a patient of the psychiatric hospital. She was twelve years old at the time and died in a mass suicide.
Benny looks through Anna's file, and finds an Authorization and Consent form that negated her Death Certificate, stating that she had been discharged from the hospital two days before the suicide and is led to believe that Anna is still alive. Meanwhile, Ben's wife Amy (Paula Patton) discovers her son Mikey's (Cameron Boyce) reflection acting differently than the real Mikey. In a panic she calls Ben, who immediately returns home. Together they cover every reflective surface in the house with green paint.
Ben locates Anna Esseker's childhood home, and discovers that as a child she was violent and uncontrollable, and diagnosed with severe schizophrenia. She was taken in by a doctor from St. Matthew’s Hospital, who believed that she was suffering from a rare personality disorder. His treatment was to confine Anna to a chair surrounded by mirrors, believing this would cure her disorder by forcing her to confront her own reflection. Benny is told by her brother that when she returned, apparently cured, strange things started to happen with the mirrors in their home. As a result her family sent her to a convent, Saint Augustine's Monastery, where mirrors are forbidden.
Benny visits the convent, and finds Anna (Mary Beth Peil), who explains that she was actually possessed by a demon, which was drawn from her and became trapped in the mirrors. She explains that it collects the souls of those it kills and if she were to return it would make it possible for the demon to be brought back into the mortal world. She refuses to go back. 
Meanwhile, Amy discovers that Mikey is missing at home and a thin reflective layer of water is completely covering the floor. After putting her daughter in a safe closet, she finds Michael using a chef knife to scrape the paint from the mirrors. Amy tries to stop him but he escapes, obviously possessed.
Having threatened her at gunpoint, Ben returns with Anna to the Mayflower and straps her into the chair in the Psychomanteum. 
Back at Ben's house Mikey is suddenly pulled through the water on the floor by his reflection and begins to drown. At the Psychomanteum the lights begin to flicker and the building begins to shake as the demons in the mirrors are released. They repossess Anna and all the mirrors in the Mayflower explode. Simultaneously, Mikey is released from the demon's grip and Amy 
is able to pull him to safety. Ben is then attacked by the repossessed Anna. He manages to kill her by igniting a nearby gas line, setting off a huge explosion. The old building collapses, killing the demon, and trapping Ben under the ceiling as he rushes toward the exit.
Ben pulls himself out of the rubble and stumbles out of the building. Policemen and firemen are everywhere in the street, and a body is seen being taken in a bag by paramedics, but nobody notices Ben. He looks at the older security guard's name tag, and sees it is written backwards, realizing everything is in reverse (like in a mirror). He comes upon a mirrored surface in the city and fails to see his own reflection as he reaches out to touch it. He realizes that he was crushed to death under the rubble and is now trapped in the mirror world: in the living world his hand appears as a handprint on the glass surface.
Score.
Javier Navarrete used a prior existing work of classical music, "Asturias" by Isaac Albéniz, as the film's main theme.
Reception.
Box office.
In the United States, "Mirrors" opened in fourth position making $11.1 million. On its second weekend, it ranked at seventh position, making a further $5 million. The film made a total of $30 million in the United States. In spite of poor reviews, the film did very well at the box office, especially in foreign cinemas, staying in the top five for its opening weekend in several countries including France, Mexico and United Kingdom, where it consistently ranked #2. It topped in the Hong Kong box office with $228,481 and stayed at the third place in Philippines and Spain. In South Korea and Russia it took #4 at the box office in its opening weekend. The film grossed $72,436,439 worldwide, including $41,745,000 from foreign cinemas.
Critical reception.
The film received generally negative reviews. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 14% of critics gave the film positive reviews based on 84 reviews. Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 35 out of 100, based on 13 reviews.
Sequel.
On October 8, 2009, the director Victor Garcia announced that he would begin to shoot a sequel, which would be released direct-to-DVD by 20th Century Fox. The sequel was released on October 19, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19958366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958366" title="Depë Zenebishi">
Depë Zenebishi

Depë Zenebishi (c. 1379–1435) was an Albanian nobleman. The son of Gjon Zenebishi he had settled in his father's estate in Corfu after the conquest of the Principality of Gjirokastër by the Ottoman Empire in 1418. He was called to lead the rebels in the area of Gjirokastër during the Albanian Revolt of 1432-1436 and was defeated by Turahan Bey in early 1433. He was captured and later executed.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science. ISBN 99927-1-623-1
Ekrem Bey Vlora: The Ruling Families of Albania in the pre-Ottoman Period

</doc>
<doc id="19958373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958373" title="Värmland Line">
Värmland Line

The Värmland Line (), previously known as the Northwestern Main Line () is a long railway line between Laxå and the Norway–Sweden border at Charlottenberg Station. In Norway, the line continues as the Kongsvinger Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19958386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958386" title="Rudolf Lehmann">
Rudolf Lehmann

Rudolf Lehmann may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958391" title="The Prehistoric Man Museum">
The Prehistoric Man Museum

The Prehistoric Man Museum is a museum of prehistory in Kibbutz Ma'ayan Baruch, Israel. 
The museum showcases historical artifacts found in and around the kibbutz and houses an extensive collection of prehistoric tools and vessels, including hand axes predating human settlement in the Hulah Valley, around 780,000 BCE.
The museum's collection includes the skeleton of a prehistoric woman, approximately 50 years old, buried with her dog.
The museum also has an ethno-geographic wing with a collection of artifacts and tools from around the world, all made from natural or organic material.

</doc>
<doc id="19958402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958402" title="Rudolf Lehmann (SS officer)">
Rudolf Lehmann (SS officer)

Rudolf Lehmann (30 January 1914 – 13 September 1983) was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the Waffen SS who was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oakleaves, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Rudolf Lehmann was born on 30 January 1914 in Heidelberg, Germany. He joined the Waffen SS, attending officers training school in Bad Tölz in April 1935. He was then posted to the "Germania" Regiment as a platoon commander.
World War II.
While serving with the "Germania", Lehmann became the commander of the armored car platoon. On being promoted in April 1940, he was given the command of the 14th Company of the "Germania" Regiment. He was transferred to the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" in October 1940.
Lehmann was recommended for the Knight's Cross by Theodor Wisch on account of his leadership of a battle group in the Zhitomir area of the Ukraine during December 1943.
In late 1944, Lehmann moved to the 1st SS Panzer Corps as chief of staff. He remained in this position until March 1945, when he was made divisional commander of the "Das Reich". He led the division through Operation Frühlingserwachen, the battles around Vienna. It was while he was in command of "Das Reich" that he was awarded the Oakleaves to his Knight's Cross.
Wounded during the fighting in Austria, Lehmann ended the war recovering from his injuries.
Later life.
Lehmann survived the war and died on 13 September 1983, in Ettlingen.

</doc>
<doc id="19958403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958403" title="Prussian G 5.4">
Prussian G 5.4

The Prussian G 5.4 was a German goods train locomotive with a compound engine. Due to its top speed of 65 km/h it was also used on passenger services. The G 5.4, like the G 5.3, differed from the G 5.1 and G 5.2 in having a shorter wheelbase and higher boiler pitch. In addition, the Krauss-Helmholtz bogies enabled its riding qualities to be improved, especially at higher speeds. Between 1901 and 1910 a total of about 760 vehicles of the Class G 5.4 were built for the Prussian state railways. The last 25 locomotives were fitted once again with an Adams axle (see Prussian G 5.5).
Other railways companies also procured this class:
In 1923 the Reichsbahn took over 371 locomotives into its renumbering plan as 54 503-517 and 54 801-1156; in 1925 another 278 vehicles were incorporated as 54 801–981, 985-1079, 1083 and 1084. Some 22 examples were converted during the 1920s to superheated compounds. During the Second World War a number of G 5.4 and G 5.5 came into the Reichsbahn fleet from Poland and Lithuania as 54 1101-1218 and 54 1220-1223. The last G 5.4 in Germany was retired by 1951.
The vehicles were coupled with Prussian tenders of classes pr 3 T 12 or pr 3 T 15.

</doc>
<doc id="19958417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958417" title="Chasing Lights">
Chasing Lights

Chasing Lights is the debut album by English-Irish girl group The Saturdays. It was released in the United Kingdom through Fascination Records on 27 October 2008 The album was re-issued on 16 March 2009 to include their cover of Depeche Mode's 1981 song "Just Can't Get Enough". The album has sold over 400,000 copies.
Album information.
The Saturdays started production of their debut album in May 2008 while supporting Girls Aloud—with whom they shared the same record label—on their Tangled Up Tour. The Saturdays were also reportedly offered the chance to record songs rejected by Girls Aloud. Band member Mollie King told the "Daily Star", "We all thought it was a bit of a cheek. Why would we want their rejects? [...] It's bad enough with all the comparisons being made." The last track of Chasing Lights, "Why Me, Why Now" was originally a demo written and recorded by Alex Cartana, but later picked up by The Saturdays. The members of The Saturdays have no writing credits on the record.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Chasing Lights" received remarkably positive reception from music critics. Often being compared to other British female acts such as the Sugababes and Girls Aloud, they have been praised for their debut album.
Some critics even referred to "Chasing Lights" as "A definite contender for pop album of the year." Most also appreciated the fact that The Saturdays are able to be in the same league as their fellow UK pop acts after less than a year of being together. The album was number four on Popjustice's 2008 year-end chart of the best albums.
Commercial performance.
In the UK, "Chasing Lights" debuted at number eleven while in Ireland it debuted at number forty-nine. By April 2009, the album reached a new peak of number thirty-four in Ireland. The album climbed from number fourteen to number nine on 25 January 2009, marking the album's first time inside the UK top ten. The album was certified Platinum in the UK on 6 November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19958420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958420" title="Kaliski (disambiguation)">
Kaliski (disambiguation)

Kaliski is Kalisz County ("powiat kaliski"), an administrative area in central Poland.
Kaliski may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958423" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1

These are the results of the men's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-man kayaks through a whitewater course. The venue for the 2000 Olympic competition was in Penrith.
Results.
Qualifying.
The 23 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 19 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event with the top 15 advancing to the final round the following day.
Final.
15 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 20 September. The combined result of both runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19958428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958428" title="1988 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1988 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1988 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1987-1988. It was the first season for head coach John Cooper. The Buckeyes played their home games in Ohio Stadium. The team finished the season with a win-loss record of 4–6–1, and a Big Ten Conference record of 2–5–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19958429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958429" title="Aberglasslyn, New South Wales">
Aberglasslyn, New South Wales

Aberglasslyn is a rapidly expanding suburb of Maitland, located in the Hunter Valley of New South Wales Australia.
Description and history.
Originally known as "The Country Estate", Aberglasslyn was surrounded by paddocks and bushland which have now been developed into numerous sub-divisions such as "The Sanctuary" and "Weblands Wonderland". Aberglasslyn provides views of the hills of Maitland Vale and Rosebrook, situated near the Hunter River. It still retains some bushland which has been listed as a nature reserve.
Aberglasslyn House (circa 1840), a private residence, looks over a bend in the Hunter River and is built completely out of sandstone. Aberglasslyn House is one of the most important early Colonial homes in Australia. With its vast cellars, this early stone mansion has the potential to become the only "chateau style" boutique vineyard in the Hunter. It was built by George Hobler, and designed by John Verge who was born in Christchurch, Dorset, England.
The name is said to be a combination of "Aberdeen" and "Glasgow".

</doc>
<doc id="19958431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958431" title="Valery Gavrilin">
Valery Gavrilin

Valery Aleksandrovich Gavrilin (, (August 17, 1939 – January 28, 1999) was a Russian composer, Honoured Artist of Russia, People's Artist of the USSR and a recipient of the USSR State Prize.
Biography.
Valery Gavrilin was born in 1939 in Vologda. When he was 3, his father died as a volunteer during the Siege of Leningrad. His mother was imprisoned when he was 10 and Gavrilin was sent to an orphanage in the village of Kovyrino near Vologda. At the age of 11, Gavrilin entered a school of music where I.M. Belozemtsev, a teacher at Leningrad Conservatory, happened to hear him and from the age of 12 to 16, Gavrilin went to the children's school in Leningrad to study clarinet, piano and composition. In 1964 he graduated from the Conservatory with two specialities: composition (under professor Orest Evlakhov) and musicology (under professor F.A. Rubtsov). Shortly thereafter, Gavrilin published the vocal cycle that would make his name, the "Russian Notebook". He continued at the Conservatory as a teacher.
In television and film he often collaborated with director Aleksandr Arkadevich Belinskiy.
Valery Gavrilin died in 1999 at the age of 59 in St. Petersburg following two severe heart attacks.
The 70th Anniversary of Gavrilin's birth was marked by a Gavrilin Festival in October 2009, which included concerts in his memory in Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Vologda, and Cherepovec, and which included a performance by the Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra conducted by Vladimir Fedoseyev.
Musical style.
The art of Gavrilin is one of the most vivid and striking features of contemporary Russian culture. After having composed "The Russian Music Book" he entered into music of the 1960s in the period of the so-called "neo-folklore wave" which was a kind of parallel to the art of such Russian "country-writers" in the genre prose as Vasili Belov, Viktor Astafiyev, and Vasily Shukshin. The truthful picture of the contemporary life of people, their mood, expectation, hopes and sorrows is presented in Gavrilin's music.
Both the esthetics and the style in Gavrilin's art are the vivid example of the neo-romantic. First of all it can be seen in the composer's inclination towards the genre of song mostly favored by romantics, in the ethical and fine development of song forms. To reveal the tragic content the composer uses the developed and symphonized song form which is sometimes close in the manner of intonation to "crying" and "lamentations". They are traditional genres of a Russian village song.
In Gavrilin's instrumental music an appreciable place is given to a programme miniature, to character and genre pieces forming his suites, orchestra suits and variety entertainments. Having been staged in the Naples theatre "San-Carlo" and in the Bolshoy in Moscow by V.Vasiliev, Gavrilin's ballet "Anyuta" became widely known.
Being vocal by nature, Gavrilin's talent has its own unique intonation. Just like his beloved romantics he worships melody. The soul of his music is in a fresh primordial melodiousness. Its pure national character is also expressed in the composer's inclination to the "natural" and "native" harmonies.
Works.
Ballets
Opera
Symphonic works
Chamber-vocal works
The vocal-symphonic works
Choral Works (a capella)
Instrumental chamber works
Music for Theatre,: 
36 suites of Incidental Theatre music:
"How Kopachi got married Kopaci" «Так женился Копачи»,
"marching march", «Походный марш»
"Armored Train 14-69" «Бронепоезд 14-69»
"After the execution request" «После казни прошу»
"After 100 years in the Birch grove" «Через 100 лет в Березовой роще»
"Two winters and three summers," «Две зимы и три лета»
"Crime and Punishment " «Преступлени и наказание»
"Not to part with his beloved" «С любимыми не расставайтесь»
"Steps of the Commander" «Шаги командора»
"His people - numbered" «Свои люди — сочтемся»
"Above the bright water" «Над светлой водой»
"Three sacks of wheat" «Три мешка сорной пшеницы»
"Prunus" «Черемуха»
and others (1959–1977)
Film music
Selected Recordings.
Discography
Video 

</doc>
<doc id="19958442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958442" title="Carl Falk">
Carl Falk

Carl Anthony Falk (born 17 August 1980 in Stockholm), is a Swedish songwriter, record producer and musician. As a student Falk attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm. He joined production/publishing company "The Location" in 2002, but left in 2007. Carl re-located to Los Angeles, California, in April 2010 and teamed up with Rami Yacoub and Steve Angello (Swedish House Mafia). Back in Sweden Carl and Rami started their production company and studio - Kinglet Studios.
Since 2010 he has co-written and co-produced hits like "What Makes You Beautiful", "One Thing", "Live While We´re Young", "Kiss You" by One Direction and "Starships" and "Pound The Alarm" by Nicki Minaj. In 2012 Carl was listed as No. 4 on Music Week Top 100 Songwriters of the year based on the UK's 100 biggest - selling singles of the year. The same year "Starships" also made US Billboard history, by both debuting in and spending a total of 21 consecutive weeks in the US Top Ten, passing the Black Eyed Peas's single "I Got A Feeling". As of February 2013, it has sold 7.2 million digital downloads world wide. Subsequently, he received two ASCAP awards for most performed songs of 2012: "Starships" and "What Makes You Beautiful".
His favourite instrument is the guitar as he tries to "always have guitar on my songs, almost like a trademark". Carl can also play multiple other instruments like bass, piano, violin and drums, which he started to learn from an early age on during his childhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19958447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958447" title="List of hieroglyphs/A">
List of hieroglyphs/A


</doc>
<doc id="19958466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958466" title="List of hieroglyphs/B">
List of hieroglyphs/B


</doc>
<doc id="19958471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958471" title="Phantom on the Horizon">
Phantom on the Horizon

Phantom on the Horizon is a concept EP by American progressive rock band The Fall of Troy that was released on November 28, 2008 through Equal Vision Records. It is the completed version of the "Ghostship EP" that the band released in 2004. This rerecorded version of the original demos features five "chapters" and was produced by Casey Bates (Fear Before, Chiodos, Portugal. The Man).
The concept behind "Phantom on the Horizon" tells the fictional story of a Spanish galleon meeting with a ghost ship from another dimension.
Release.
The Fall of Troy began working on "Phantom on the Horizon" five years prior to its release in the gap between "The Fall of Troy" and "Doppelgänger". In 2004, demos of some of the tracks that would later be featured on "Phantom on the Horizon" were leaked onto the internet and dubbed "The Ghostship EP". The demos were never released in a physical form of media. In October 2008, The Fall of Troy secretly recorded the album and released it the following month on November 28, 2008.
Physical copies of the album were released exclusively through the band on their winter 2008 tour with The Number Twelve Looks Like You, and on the The Fall of Troy's web store. Only 3,000 individually numbered copies of the album were made (although physical copies were numbered out of 3,300) – one half were sold on tour and the other half sold through the band's web store. An MP3 digital download version of the album became available on The Fall of Troy's webstore once physical copies sold out.
In January 2009, The Fall of Troy expressed their interest in releasing the album on vinyl "sometime in the near future." The vinyl release of the album was available on April 28, 2009 in limited quantities. There were 1,000 copies made with an orange and white swirl colored vinyl available exclusively through The Fall of Troy's webstore, and 1,000 copies made with a clear colored vinyl available exclusively through Hot Topic. The vinyl record version of the album features different artwork than the CD and download versions. The record was later re-released on vinyl in early 2012 by MerchNow and Equal Vision records.
Personnel.
The Fall of Troy
Guest musicians
Production and art

</doc>
<doc id="19958480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958480" title="List of Jamaican British people">
List of Jamaican British people

This is a list of notable Jamaican British people.

</doc>
<doc id="19958487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958487" title="Fred Caligiuri">
Fred Caligiuri

Frederick John Caligiuri (born October 22, 1918) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Philadelphia Athletics. Listed at 6' 0", 190 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
A native of West Hickory, Pennsylvania, Caligiuri was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a stint in the army during World War II. A late-season 1941 call-up from Wilmington of the Interstate League, he entered the baseball record books while starting the last game of the season against the Boston Red Sox at Shibe Park. It was the game in which Ted Williams was 2-3 and finished this historic season with a .406. batting average, the most recent in the majors. Williams went 2-for-3 against Caligiuri, who did not yield a run until the ninth inning, and finished with a complete game, six-hit, 7–1 victory over Lefty Grove and the Red Sox. This game also marked the last start for Grove, who retired before the 1942 season.
In a two-season career, Caligiuri posted a 2-5 record with a 4.52 ERA in 18 appearances, including seven starts, giving up 49 runs (nine unearned) on 90 hits and 32 walks while striking out 27 in 79 ⅔ innings of work.
From 1943 to 1945 Caligiuri served in the military during World War II. 
As of 2013, Caligiuri, (), is recognized as one of the oldest living major league ballplayers and resides in Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19958488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958488" title="All Saints' Church, Falmouth">
All Saints' Church, Falmouth

All Saints' Church, Falmouth is a parish church in the Church of England located in Falmouth, Cornwall, United Kingdom.
History.
The foundation stone for this church was laid by the Duke of Cornwall in 1887. It was designed by the architect J. D. Sedding in the Gothic Revival style. The aisles are narrow and there is a large east window of five lancets.
The church was consecrated on 17 April 1890 by the Bishop of Barbados, the Rt Revd Herbert Bree, in place of the Bishop of Truro, Dr Wilkinson, who was ill.
Organ.
The pipe organ was built by Hele & Co of Plymouth in 1894.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19958491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958491" title="List of hieroglyphs/C">
List of hieroglyphs/C


</doc>
<doc id="19958508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958508" title="Francisco de Oliveira Dias">
Francisco de Oliveira Dias

Francisco Manuel Lopes Vieira de Oliveira Dias (Leiria, 17 February 1930), is a Portuguese politician.
Background.
He was a son of Francisco António do Amaral Dias, a Medical Doctor, and wife Maria Isabel Charters Lopes Vieira da Câmara de Oliveira (b. 1904), related to the 1st Viscounts of São Sebastião.
Career.
He was a collaborator of the Founders of then Democratic and Social Center (CDS), and occupied many offices in this Party.
In 1974 he was elected a Deputy to the Constituent Assembly and in 1976 to the Assembly of the Republic, where he was successively elected until 1983.
He was the 4th President of the Assembly of the Republic between 22 October 1981 and 2 November 1982, during which he was also a Member of the Portuguese Council of State.
He was also a Member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Council and of its Commission of Education and Culture.
Family.
He married Maria das Mercês Coelho da Silva Gil, daughter of Adelino da Silva Gil (Figueira da Foz, Alhadas, 27 October 1885 - Lisboa, 25 June 1935) and wife Deolinda Duarte Coelho (Vouzela, Vouzela, 1 March 1887 - Lisbon, 26 September 1955), and had eleven children:

</doc>
<doc id="19958509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958509" title="List of hieroglyphs/D">
List of hieroglyphs/D


</doc>
<doc id="19958523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958523" title="Folke Zettervall">
Folke Zettervall

Folke Zettervall (21 October 1862 – 12 March 1955) was a Swedish architect and head architect on SJ between 1895 and 1930.
Zettervall was born in Lund 1862 as a son of Ida and architect Helgo Zettervall. He started his studies at Lunds högre allmänna läroverk and continued them in Copenhagen at det Tekniske Selskabs skole and Kunst-Akademiets Arkitekturskole. In 1885 he was able to start study at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts and in 1888 he was done.

</doc>
<doc id="19958535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958535" title="Leqinat lake">
Leqinat lake

Leqinat lake ( or "Leqinati" or "Liqeni i Kuqishtës") is a mountain lake found on the Mount Leqinat in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo. This lake is well known throughout Kosovo and is visited by people going to the Rugova Canyon or by people climbing nearby peaks such as Lićenat at and "Žuti kamen" at . Lake Lićenat is at an elevation of . Lake Lićenat is just above the village of Kućište.

</doc>
<doc id="19958537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958537" title="Adolf W. Edelsvärd">
Adolf W. Edelsvärd

Adolf Wilhelm Edelsvärd (28 June 1824 – 15 October 1919) was a Swedish architect who served as head architect for Statens Järnvägar, the Swedish national railways, during a long period between 1855–1895.

</doc>
<doc id="19958538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958538" title="Christine Dean">
Christine Dean

Professor Christine Dean BA. MD. FRCPsych is a London psychiatrist consulting at the Priory Hospital Roehampton, the British Association of Performing Arts Medicine (BAPAM), The Helen Bamber Foundation, in her private practice and as a medical member of the Mental Health Review Tribunals, Ministry of Justice (England and Wales).
Dean was born in Crewe, Cheshire in 1939 and attended Crewe County Grammar School and won a State Scholarship to study medicine at Edinburgh University and after qualifying practised general medicine and general practice in the West Midlands. She completed an Open University Degree specialising in the History of Art before training in Psychiatry in Edinburgh.
In 1979 Dean joined the Medical Research Council Epidemiology Unit in Edinburgh under the directorship of Norman Kreitman and conducted collaborative research on the epidemiology of depression which involved interviewing a random sample of the female population in Edinburgh. The findings were that women who were working class, unemployed and divorced, separated or widowed had more than ten times the rate of depression and anxiety compared with women who were middle class, married or single and employed.
Shortly after this Dean became a lecturer at the University of Edinburgh under Professor Robert Kendell who was Head of Department. She conducted research with Professor Kendell on post-natal depression and puerperal psychosis and found that women who were having their first baby, those who had a caesarean section and those who were unmarried were more likely to develop puerperal psychosis following childbirth.
At this time Dean collaborated with Sir Patrick Forrest (Professor of Surgery at Edinburgh University) in the first random controlled study to compare the psychological effects of mastectomy, for breast cancer, compared with mastectomy and immediate breast reconstruction. The study demonstrated the psychological and practical benefits of immediate breast reconstruction and this is now routinely offered to women requiring mastectomy.
In 1982 Dean took up a consultant psychiatrist post in Manchester and with Francis Creed, established one of the first day hospitals to provide an alternative to hospital admissions for people with acute mental health problems. Whilst in Manchester she was appointed as one of the first medical Unit General Managers in the UK, following the Griffiths Report (1983), and managed the mental health services, the community services and the dental hospital at Central Manchester Health Authority. During this time Dean set up an Arts project for patients, START. The project resulted in some of the works produced by the patients being displayed in Manchester City Art Gallery.
Another innovative project by Dean, whilst she was in Manchester, was the establishment of a peripatetic day service with professionals visiting different community health centres and providing therapeutic activities and groups near to the clients’ homes.
Dean conducted research in Manchester with Lynne Webster and Professor Neil Kessell evaluating the recently introduced Mental Health Act 1983 to examine whether the new act was more protective of patients’ civil liberties than the previous Mental Health Act 1959.
Dean moved to Birmingham in 1987 to take up a post as Senior Lecturer at the University of Birmingham. She was also a consultant psychiatrist responsible for the deprived inner city area of Sparkbrook which has a very large south Asian population. She found that the psychiatric hospital services did not meet the needs of this population, especially the needs of Asian women. As a result she set up a home treatment service, which was the first in the UK, as an alternative to hospital admission for people who had acute mental health problems.
Dean subsequently conducted research comparing the home treatment service with the standard hospital in-patient service and found that patients and their relatives preferred the home treatment service and that the outcome from the clinical point of view was the same in both groups; this was true of patients from non-Asian backgrounds as well as Asian backgrounds. Home treatment/crisis resolution services have since been adopted nationwide in the UK and are recommended in the NHS National Service Framework (1999) and the Mental Health Policy Implementation Guide (2001).
In 1990 Dean was asked to be a consultant with the Centre for Mental Health Service Development at King's College London. This organisation assisted NHS trusts throughout the UK to set up community services to enable them to provide alternatives to the large mental hospitals. Once alternatives were developed, these institutions were scaled down and closed as a result. Dean then became a director of the International Mental Health Network which was an organisation that linked together people in the UK and elsewhere in the world who were endeavouring to set up high quality community services. The International Mental Health Network also advised mental health services in Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, England and Scotland who were setting up community services.
In 1998 Dean was appointed as Professor of Psychiatry and Clinical Director of Mental Health Services at Wolverhampton Mental Health Trust. During her years in Wolverhampton she established two new Home Treatment / Crisis Resolution services, an Early Intervention in Psychosis Service (for people aged 16 to 28) and an Assertive Outreach service for people with long-term mental health problems.
In 2003 CDean spent a year in Adelaide, South Australia as a Director of a mental health service there and contributed to the development of community services.
Dean moved to London in 2004 where she was a consultant with the West London Mental Health Trust. She was a consultant responsible for clients of two new Home Treatment/ Crisis Resolution teams in West London and then for a newly established Assertive Outreach service.
Dean is employed by the Ministry of Justice, as medical member of the Mental Health Review Tribunal which hears the cases of people who are appealing against their detention under a section of the Mental Health Act 1983. She also worked as a consultant for the Helen Bamber Foundation which assist people who are victims of human rights abuse, seeing people who have mental health problems. Dean has maintained her interest in the arts and is a consultant psychiatrist to the British Association of Performing Arts Medicine. This organisation is for performing artists who have medical problems of any kind, including mental health problems.
Dean is a Visiting Consultant at the Priory Hospital Roehampton and has a private practice in central London.

</doc>
<doc id="19958540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958540" title="Gabriella Silva">
Gabriella Silva

Gabriella Machado e Silva (born December 12, 1988 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian butterfly swimmer and Olympian. As of October 2008, she was the South American and Brazilian record holder in the long-course 100-metre butterfly.
At the 2007 Pan American Games, in Rio de Janeiro, Gabriella won the bronze medal in the 100-metre butterfly. She also won bronze in the 4×100-metre medley by participate in heats, but, subsequently, this result was impeached due to Rebeca Gusmao's doping.
Gabriella competed at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where she finished 7th in the Women's 100-metre butterfly, and was a member of Brazil's women's 4×100-metre medley Relay which finished 10th.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, Gabriella Silva finished in 5th place in the 100-metre butterfly, getting the best placement of a Brazilian woman in the World Championships. She was also a finalist in the 4×100-metre medley, finishing in 8th place and finished 13th place in the 50-metre butterfly.
She was at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, where she finished 5th in the 50-metre butterfly, and 15th in the 100-metre butterfly.
At the 2011 Pan American Games, in Guadalajara, Gabriella finished 10th in the 100-metre butterfly, not going to the final.
Early Retirement.
After the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, she did two operations on her shoulders to fix a "looseness in the joint capsule of the left shoulder" (congenital), and never managed to get good results as before. So, in January 2013, at age 24, defeated by the pains and injuries, she announced her retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="19958552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958552" title="Big Bang Theory (disambiguation)">
Big Bang Theory (disambiguation)

Big Bang Theory commonly refers to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958573" title="Paro Taktsang">
Paro Taktsang

Paro Taktsang ("spa phro stag tshang" / "spa gro stag tshang") is the popular name of Taktsang Palphug Monastery (also known as Tiger's Nest), a prominent Himalayan Buddhist sacred site and temple complex, located in the cliffside of the upper Paro valley, in Bhutan. A temple complex was first built in 1692, around the Taktsang Senge Samdup ("stag tshang seng ge bsam grub") cave where Guru Padmasambhava is said to have meditated for three years, three months, three weeks, three days and three hours in the 8th century. Padmasambhava is credited with introducing Buddhism to Bhutan and is the tutelary deity of the country. Today, Paro Taktsang is the best known of the thirteen "taktsang" or "tiger lair" caves in which he meditated.
The Guru mTshan-brgyad Lhakhang, the temple devoted to Padmasambhava (also known as Gu-ru mTshan-brgyad Lhakhang, "the Temple of the Guru with Eight Names") is an elegant structure built around the cave in 1692 by Gyalse Tenzin Rabgye; and has become the cultural icon of Bhutan. A popular festival, known as the Tsechu, held in honor of Padmasambhava, is celebrated in the Paro valley sometime during March or April.
History.
Background and legends.
According to the legend related to this Taktsang (which in Tibetan language is spelt  ("stag tshang") which literally means "Tiger's lair", it is believed that Padmasambhava (Guru Rinpoche) flew to this location from Tibet on the back of a tigress from Khenpajong. This place was consecrated to tame the Tiger demon. 
An alternative legend holds that a former wife of an emperor, known as Yeshe Tsogyal, willingly became a disciple of Guru Rinpoche (Padmasambahva) in Tibet. She transformed herself into a tigress and carried the Guru on her back from Tibet to the present location of the Taktsang in Bhutan. In one of the caves here, the Guru then performed meditation and emerged in eight incarnated forms (manifestations) and the place became holy. Subsequently, the place came to be known as the “Tiger's Nest”. 
The popular legend of the Taktsang monastery is further embellished with the story of Tenzin Rabgye, who built the temple here in 1692. It has been mentioned by authors that the 8th century guru Padmasmabhava had reincarnated again in the form of Tenzin Rabgye. The corroborative proofs mooted are: that Tenzin Rabgye was seen (by his friends) concurrently inside and outside his cave; even a small quantity of food was adequate to feed all visitors; no one was injured during worship (in spite of the approach track to the monastery being dangerous and slippery); and the people of the Paro valley saw in the sky various animal forms and religious symbols including a shower of flowers that appeared and also vanished in the air without touching the earth.
Establishment as a meditation site.
As noted earlier, the monastery was built around the Taktsang Senge Samdup ("stag tshang seng ge bsam grub") cave, where custom holds that the Indian Guru Padmasambahva meditated in the 8th century. He flew to this place from Tibet on the back of Yeshe Tsogyal, whom he transformed into a flying tigress for the purpose and landed at the cliff, which he "anointed" as the place for building a monastery. He established Buddhism and the Nyingmapa school of Mahayana Buddhism in Bhutan, and has been considered the “protector saint of Bhutan”. Later, Padmasmbahva visited Bumthang district to subdue a powerful deity offended by a local king. Padmasambhava's body imprint is stated to be imprinted on the wall of a cave near Kurje Lhakhang temple. In 853, Langchen Pelkyi Singye came to the cave to meditate and gave his name of Pelphug to the cave, "Pelkyi's cave". After he died later in Nepal, his body was said to have been miraculously returned to the monastery by the grace of the deity Dorje Legpa; it is now said to be sealed in a chorten in a room to the left at the top of the entrance stairway. The chorten was restored in 1982-83 and again in 2004.
From the 11th century, many Tibetan saints and eminent figures came to Taktsang to meditate, including Milarepa (1040–1123), Pha Dampa Sangye (died 1117), the Tibetan yogini Machig Labdrön (1055–1145) and Thangton Gyelpo (1385–1464). In the latter part of the 12th century, the Lapa School was established in Paro. Between 12th and 17th centuries, many Lamas who came from Tibet established their monasteries in Bhutan.
The first sanctuary to be built in the area dates to the 14th century when Sonam Gyeltshen, a Nyingmapa lama of the Kathogpa branch came from Tibet. The paintings he brought can still be faintly discerned on a rock above the principal building although there is no trace of the original one. The Taktsang Ugyen Tsemo complex, which was rebuilt after a fire in 1958 is said to date back to 1408. Taktsang remained under the authority of the Kathogpa lamas for centuries until the mid 17th century.
17th century to present: The modern monastery.
In the 17th century the well-known Tertön Pema Lingpa of Bumthang, who founded many monasteries in various parts of Bhutan, was also instrumental in creating religious and secular dance forms from his conception of the 'Zandog Pelri' (the Copper Colored mountain), which was the abode of the Guru Padmasambahva (which is the same place as the Paro Taktsang or Tiger's nest). This dance is performed in Paro as the Tsche festival. But it was during the time of Ngawang Namgyal of the Drukpa subsect, who fled Tibet to escape persecution by the opposing sect of the Gelugpa order (which dominated Tibet under the Dalai Lamas), that an administrative mechanism was established in Bhutan.
In due time, he established himself in Bhutan as a 'model of rulership' and was known as the "Shabdrung" with full authority. He wanted to establish an edifice at the Taktsang Pel Phuk site. It was during a Tibetan invasion of Bhutan in 1644-46 that Shabdrung and his Tibetan Nyingmapa teacher "gTer-ston Rig-’dzin sNying-po" had invoked Padmasambhava and the protective deities at Taktsang to give them success over the invaders. He performed the "bka’ brgyad dgongs ’dus" rituals associated with the celebrations of Tshechu. Bhutan won the war against Tibet However, Shabdrung was not able to build a temple at Takstsang to celebrate the event, even though he very much wanted to do so.
The wish of Shabdrung to build a temple here, however, was fulfilled during the 4th Druk Desi Tenzin Rabgye (1638–96), the first, and only successor of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyel ("Zhabs-drung Ngag-dbang rNam-rgyal"), "a distant cousin from a collateral line descending from the 15th century ‘crazy saint’ Drukpa Kunley". During his visit to the sacred cave of Taktsang Pel Phuk during the Tshechu season of 1692 he laid the foundation for building the temple dedicated to Guru Rinpoche called the ‘Temple of the Guru with Eight Names’ (’gu ru mtshan brgyad lha-khang). It was a decision taken by Tenzin Rabgye while standing at the cave overlooking the Paro valley. At this time, he was leading the Tshechu festival of religious dances. At that time the only temples reported to be in existence, at higher elevations, were the Zangdo Pelri ("Zongs mdog dPalri") and Oxygen Tsemo ("Urgyan rTse-mo").
Destruction due to fire.
On April 19, 1998, a fire broke out in the main building of the monastery complex, which contained valuable paintings, artifacts and statues. The fire is believed to have been caused by electrical short-circuiting or flickering butter lamps lighting the hanging tapestries. A monk also died during the fire. The restoration works were undertaken at an estimated cost of 135 million ngultrum. The Government of Bhutan and the then King of Bhutan, Jigme Singye Wangchuck, oversaw the restoration of the damaged monastery and its contents in 2005.
Geography.
The monastery is located to the north of Paro and hangs on a precipitous cliff at , about above the Paro valley, on the right side of the Paro Chu (‘chu’ Bhutanese means ”river or water”.]). The rock slopes are very steep (almost vertical) and the monastery buildings are built into the rock face. Though it looks formidable, the monastery complex has access from several directions, such as the northwest path through the forest, from the south along the path used by devotees, and from the north (access over the rocky plateau, which is called the “Hundred Thousand Fairies” known as Bumda (hBum-brag). A mule track leading to it passes through pine forest that is colorfully festooned with moss and prayer flags. On many days, clouds shroud the monastery and give an eerie feeling of remoteness.
On the approach path to the monastery, there is a Lakhang (village level monastery) and a temple of Urgyan Tsemo ("U-rgyan rTse-mo") which, like the main monastery, is located on a rocky plateau with a precipitous projection of several hundred feet over the valley. From this location, the monastery’s buildings are on the opposite ravine, which is known by the name “Copper-Colored Mountain Paradise of Padmasambhava”. This is the view point for visitors and there is a cafeteria to provide refreshments. The trek beyond this point is very scenic with the sound of the water fall breaking the silence. Along the trek route blue pine trees, prayer flags and kiosks selling paraphernalia for worship (such as prayer wheels, temple bells and skulls) are seen. The route is scattered with number of temples. On this path, a large water fall, which drops by into a sacred pool, is forded over by a bridge. The track terminates at the main monastery where colorful paintings are displayed. Guru Rinpoche's cave where he meditated is also seen. This cave is opened for public viewing only once a year.
Structure.
Exterior.
The monastery buildings consist of four main temples and residential shelters ideally designed by adapting to the rock (granite) ledges, the caves and the rocky terrain. Out of the eight caves, four are comparatively easy to access. The cave where Padmasmabhava first entered, riding the Tiger, is known as 'Tholu Phuk' and the original cave where he resided and did meditation is known as the 'Pel Phuk'. He directed the spiritually enlightened monks to build the monastery here. The monastery is so precariously perched that it is said: "it clings to the side of the mountain like a gecko". The main cave is entered through a narrow passage. The dark cave houses a dozen images of Bodhisattvas and butter lamps flicker in front of these idols. An elegant image of Chenrezig (Avalokitesvara) is also deified here. In an adjoining small cell, the sacred scripture is placed; the importance of this scripture is that it has been scripted with gold dust and the crushed bone powder of a divine Lama. It is also said that the monks who practice Vajrayana Buddhism (the formal State Religion of Bhutan) at this cave monastery live here for three years and seldom go down to the Paro valley.
All the buildings are interconnected through steps and stairways made in rocks. There are a few rickety wooden bridges along the paths and stairways also to cross over. The temple at the highest level has a frieze of Buddha. Each building has a balcony, which provides lovely views of the scenic Paro valley down below. The Monasteries have ancient history of occupation by monks, as hermitages.
Other structures within the precincts.
Taktshang Zangdo Pari is the place where Padmasmbahava’s wife, known as the “Fairy of Wisdom”, Yeshe Tshogyal (Ye-shes mtsho-rgyal), the founder of the Mon, a convent, by the same name as Taktshang and also two other convents. The present caretaker of the place is said to be an old nun supported by a young trainee.
Another important place near the shrine is the Urgyan Tsemo, the “Peak of Urgyan” which has a small Mani Lakhang. The prayer wheel, turned by an old monk, resounds with chimes that are heard every day at 4 am. Above the Urgyan is the holy cave temple known as 'Phaphug Lakhang' ("dPal-phug IHa-khang"), which is the main shrine of the Taktshang. It is also the residence of the Head Lama, Karma Thupden Chokyi Nyenci.
Paintings.
The “Copper-Colored Mountain Paradise of Padmasambahva” (Zangdopari) is vividly displayed in a heart shape on every thangkha and also painted on the walls of the monastery as a constant reminder of the legend. The paintings are set on a pedestal that represents the realm of the King of Nagas amidst Dakinis (mKha-hgro-ma), and the pinnacle in the painting denotes the domain of Brahma. The paintings also depict Klu (Naga) demigods with a human head and the body of a serpent, which are said to reside in lakes (said to denote that they are guarding the hidden treasures). Allegorically, they mean to represent the spiritual holy writings. The paintings also show what is termed as “Walkers in the Sky” (mKha-hgro-ma).
The holy hill is drawn in the backdrop with four faces painted with different colors – the east face is in crystal white color, the south face is yellow, the west is in red color and the north has green color. The palace has four sides and eight corners with its lower and upper tiers adorned with jewels. The courtyard with four enclosures is said to represent four kinds of conduct. The walls are built with bricks, balconies have been bejewelled with religious symbols. The ambience is shown in the form of wishing trees, fountains of the water of life, rain bows in five colors with cloud formations and light emanating from lotus flowers. The palace is also shown with a throne with eight corners fully and curiously bejewelled. Padmasmbahva is shown sitting on a pure stalk of lotus emitting divine energy appearing “divine, charitable, powerful, or fierce”.
Further detailing depicted on the four faces and eight corners, are five kinds of Buddhas suppressing the vicious demons (performing four pious deeds) and placed on thrones that are mounted over the stooping demons. The demons and Khadoms are depicted adorned and seated on four petalled and four faced thrones “adorned with necromantic attributes” enjoying a good time; the Khadoms are seen on the four-sided courtyard of the palace and also on all side walls.
The scene is further embellished around the Guru Rinpoche (Padmashambahava) image and also in the palace, with gods and goddesses in the heavens, with gate keepers at the four gates with an army of messengers and servants; all trying to crush the demons to dust. The supporting staff shown are said to represent the Himalayan tribes of pre-Buddhist periods.

</doc>
<doc id="19958598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958598" title="Sonita">
Sonita

Sonita may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958600" title="Kas laimės milijoną?">
Kas laimės milijoną?

Kas laimės milijoną? (English translation: "Who will win the million?") was a Lithuanian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by Vytautas Kernagis (earlier by Henrikas Vaitiekūnas). The main goal of the game was to win 1 million litai by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were three "lifelines" - fifty fifty ("vienas iš dviejų"), phone a friend ("skambutis draugui") and ask the audience ("salės pagalba"). "Kas laimės milijoną?" was broadcast from 16 May 2002 to 18 August 2005. It was shown on the Lithuanian TV station TV3 Lithuania. When a contestant got the fifth question correct, he left with at least 1,000 litai. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, he left with at least 32,000 litai.
The game's prizes.
In "Kas laimės milijoną?" there were fifteen questions and there were these prizes for questions:

</doc>
<doc id="19958622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958622" title="Rabiu Baita">
Rabiu Baita

Rabiu Yusuf Baita (born August 28, 1984 in Kano State) is a Nigerian football player. He currently plays for Wikki Tourists F.C. in Nigeria.
International.
He was 2002 nominated in the 36 man squad for the Fifa World Cup 2002,

</doc>
<doc id="19958629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958629" title="List of hieroglyphs/R">
List of hieroglyphs/R


</doc>
<doc id="19958639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958639" title="George Kelley Paperback and Pulp Fiction Collection">
George Kelley Paperback and Pulp Fiction Collection

The George Kelley Paperback and Pulp Fiction Collection is a collection of over 25,000 pulp magazine and fiction works that is housed in the "Special Collections" unit, in the University at Buffalo Libraries at State University of New York at Buffalo. Noted as one of the best preserved collections of pulp material in modern times, it was donated to UB Libraries in 1994 by Dr. George Kelley, a professor at Erie Community College in Buffalo, New York.
The collection spans genres from adventure, crime and horror to Westerns, fantasy and science fiction, including books, pulp magazines, fanzines and other literature. According to UB Libraries, there are hundreds of paperbacks from the 1940s, thousands from the 1950s and 1960s and more from the 1970s and 1980s. Many of these are paperback originals which have never appeared in hardcover editions.
George Kelley.
Kelley, an alumnus of SUNY at Buffalo, donated the collection to the Lockwood Memorial Library in 1994.
Kelley received a doctorate of philosophy from SUNY at Buffalo in 1996, and has received master's degrees from UB in business administration, library science, and English. He is currently a professor of Business Administration at Erie Community College.
After being an avid collector of comic books in his youth, Kelley began collecting pulp fiction in his late youth and continued to do so until the 1990s. A majority of his collection was amassed during the 1970s when he would frequent used book stores on his work-related travels across the country. Kelley was keen on preserving his collection throughout the years, storing the works in Ziploc bags.
Dr. Thomas and Margarete Shaw.
In addition to Kelley's collection, Dr. Thomas Shaw and his wife, Margarete Shaw, have also contributed a large number of gifts and books to the collection.
The Shaw's contribution to the collection is entirely composed of fantasy and science-fiction based works and magazines.
Relevance of collection.
Academically, the George Kelly Paperback and Pulp Fiction Collection stands as a vast resource of cultural information that is reflected in the discourse of the works and their imagery, especially sub-culture's social attitudes and behaviors, as well as evolving gender roles and identities in mid-20th century America.
Further, some pulp fiction works in the George Kelley Paperback and Pulp Fiction Collection have been noted for their alternative lifestyle storylines and content, suggesting an informative understanding of the gay and lesbian world, providing literature oriented towards homosexuality around the 1950s.
For many of the works in the collection, their documentation via the University at Buffalo's library system represents the first time the works have been acknowledged in a national or universal library system (WorldCat)
Some have appraised the collection's value into the millions of US dollars.
Popular culture.
The most valuable book in the collection, according to George Kelley, is an original copy of "Junkie" by William S. Burroughs, with a value estimated at around $500 USD. "Junkie" is often cited as the seminal literature on heroin addiction in America.
According to Dr. George Kelley, his passion for collecting pulp fiction emerged in his adolescence after his mother had disposed of his personal collection of over 1000 comic books. Dr. George Kelley admits that he decided to donate the collection to University at Buffalo, after receiving an ultimatum from his wife. The weight from the collection had reportedly begun to damage the floors of his residence. Every work in the collection continues to be housed in the original Ziploc bag it was placed in when Dr. George Kelley added them to the collection.
A work from the collection, entitled 'The Guilty Are Afraid' by James Hadley Chase, had the honor of being the 37th million record to the WorldCat database, in June 1997.
The collection is currently located in a closed stacks area of the Lockwood Memorial Library at the University at Buffalo, awaiting space being made available for its future permanent home at the Special Collections Unit at Capen Libraries. The collection is available for access to the general public.
A discovery seminar, instructed by Judy Adams-Volpe, the former Director of Communications for the UB Libraries, offered UB students the opportunity to explore the pulp fiction collection in depth. Through the functions of the seminar, many of the pulp fiction works' plots have been summarized into an online database (plot summary database), as well as cover-art scans of several of the collections' more notable covers.

</doc>
<doc id="19958646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958646" title="List of hieroglyphs/Q">
List of hieroglyphs/Q


</doc>
<doc id="19958658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958658" title="List of hieroglyphs/K">
List of hieroglyphs/K


</doc>
<doc id="19958663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958663" title="High School Musical (film series)">
High School Musical (film series)

The "High School Musical "film series consists of three Disney musical films directed by Kenny Ortega and created by Peter Barsocchini. It stars Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Lucas Grabeel, Corbin Bleu, and Monique Coleman. The original film was released simply as a Disney Channel Original Movie, but after its huge success it was followed by a television sequel. The received a theatrical release. Ashley Tisdale & Lucas Grabeel reprised their roles as Sharpay & Ryan Evans in a spin-off on the series titled "Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure", it was a direct to video film.
Film series.
"High School Musical" (2006).
"High School Musical" was released on January 20, 2006 as a Disney Channel Original Movie (DCOM), and is the most successful DCOM ever produced. The movie was Disney Channel's most watched movie in 2006, with 7.7 million viewers for its premiere broadcast in the US and 789,000 viewers for its UK premiere. It was the first DCOM ever to be broadcast by BBC on December 29, 2006, and has been viewed by over 225 million people worldwide. The first film's leads were Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale and Lucas Grabeel, who sang most of the songs.
The movie follows star athlete Troy Bolton (Zac Efron) and shy, smart Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Hudgens) when the school musical changes their lives. Troy and Gabriella meet while vacationing at a ski lodge over Christmas Break and inadvertently participate in a karaoke contest together ("Start of Something New"). When school starts in January, drama queen Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale) makes a dramatic entrance at East High, Troy's school. At this point, Gabriella is revealed to be a new transfer student to the school; she and Troy reconnect. Later that day, the pair are seen talking at the sign-up sheet for the Winter Musical by the Drama Club's co-president, Sharpay. Her brother Ryan (Lucas Grabeel), the other co-president, notices Troy constantly coming back to the sheet. Doing her research, Sharpay finds out that Gabriella was a top student at her old schools and convinces Scholastic Decathlon captain Taylor McKessie (Monique Coleman) to invite Gabriella to the team as a distraction from auditioning. Troy's best friend, Chad Danforth (Corbin Bleu), is concerned that Troy's mind seems to have wandered away from basketball despite being varsity team captain and struggles to keep his attention.
As the day of auditions quickly approaches, and Troy and Gabriella are too shy to come forward after watching Sharpay and Ryan perform their own flashy arrangement of a love song ("What I've Been Looking For"). Kelsi Nielsen (Olesya Rulin), the composer and writer of the musical, objects, but is ridiculed by Sharpay. Following the audition, Troy and Gabriella pluck up the courage to come forward but Mrs. Darbus (Alyson Reed) declares it too late to audition, and they are left crestfallen. As they are about to leave, Kelsi trips and drops her music. After helping her pick it up, they listen to her play the intended version of the song. Mrs. Darbus overhears Troy and Gabriella singing and invites them to a callback.
When the school finds out that Troy and Gabriella have auditioned for the Winter Musical, everyone fears the status quo of the school is drastically changing and Sharpay gets frustrated and worried ("Stick to the Status Quo"). Sharpay and Ryan find out that Chad and Taylor are going to split Troy and Gabriella up. Chad and Taylor are afraid that their respective teams will fall to pieces, so the pair stage individual interventions and get Troy and Gabriella to change their minds about their respective auditions. This particularly affects Gabriella, who now believes that Troy didn't really care about their friendship ("When There Was Me And You"). Upon realizing the damage they have caused, Chad and Taylor's respective groups feel guilty and fix the situation. When word comes that Troy and Gabriella are still interested in auditioning, Sharpay and Ryan convince Mrs. Darbus to change the date of the callbacks to the date of the game and the Decathlon. The pair go on as planned with their audition ("Bop to the Top"). Fearful that their friends will be unable to attend the callbacks, Chad and Taylor stage a school-wide computer glitch that forces the whole school to pack the auditorium. Without appearance, Mrs. Darbus considers cancelling Troy and Gabriella's callback; however they arrive in the nick of time and sing ("Breaking Free"). In the end, Ms. Darbus decides to award the lead roles to Troy and Gabriella, making Sharpay and Ryan understudies. Sharpay hopes that she will not lose by not getting lead in the musical, but does not retain any hard feelings.
The film ends with the entire school gathering in the gym to celebrate East High's basketball win ("We're All in This Together").
"High School Musical 2" (2007).
It's the end of the school year, and everyone's excited for summer vacation ("What Time is It?"). Gabriella (Vanessa Hudgens) is happy to finally be spending her summer vacation without having to move. When the whole gang gets hired at Lava Springs Country Club as summer help, resident drama queen Sharpay (Ashley Tisdale), whose parents own the club, is concerned that the Wildcats are once again marching in on her territory ("Fabulous"). While taking time out of her day to convince club manager Mr. Fulton (Mark L. Taylor) to intimidate the Wildcats into quitting ("Work This Out"), Sharpay schemes to win over Troy (Zac Efron) by offering him various luxuries, including a chance for a college scholarship. Although Troy says he's committed to his relationship with Gabriella, Gabriella grows concerned after hearing he's spending more time with Sharpay.
Meanwhile, the club is preparing for the end-of-summer talent show, and the piano-playing Kelsi (Olesya Rulin) has written a special ballad especially for Troy and Gabriella ("You Are the Music in Me"), one that Sharpay would like rearranged for just her and Troy. When Ryan (Lucas Grabeel) discovers that Sharpay is no longer interested in his talent due to her pursuit of Troy, he finds himself spending more time with the Wildcats, even playing against Chad (Corbin Bleu) in a staff baseball game ("I Don't Dance"), one that Troy skips to attend a college hoops practice which Sharpay has indirectly set up. Ryan even goes so far as to secretly prepare a special dance number for the Wildcats to perform at the talent show. When Sharpay stumbles upon the Wildcats' rehearsal, she orders Mr. Fulton, to disallow all Junior Staff to partake in the talent show, namely the Wildcats. Fulton draws up a quick memo and pushes Activities Director, Taylor (Monique Coleman), to notify the staff.
Troy's good mood suddenly turns sour when everyone starts ignoring him. After a devastating rehearsal with Sharpay for the talent show,("You Are the Music in Me (Reprise)"), Troy loses Gabriella ("Gotta Go My Own Way"), who informs him of her frustration with Sharpay's scheme and quits her job at Lava Springs. He discovers the reason for his friends' coldness when Kelsi quietly passes him Mr. Fulton's memo ("Bet on It"). An angry Troy then confronts Sharpay and tells her he has to break his promise and not sing with her. When Chad and the Wildcats find out he's no longer singing in the show, they push him to go back to Sharpay, and only moments before the show does Ryan tell Troy she picked a different song. When Troy announces his disappointment to Sharpay of the change, Sharpay is left surprised and confused- she never chose another song. As the final act, Troy is on stage singing solo, not knowing what to expect. Gabriella- in a surprise move- comes back and joins him. The rest of the Wildcats soon come on stage as well to complete the musical number ("Everyday"). Sharpay learns her lesson in humility and is invited to join in; instead of awarding the Star Dazzle Trophy (given to the best act) to herself as usual, she chooses to give it to Ryan. Afterwards. the gang enjoys viewing the fireworks while Troy and Gabriella share their first kiss.
The summer comes to a conclusion with a staff pool party ("All for One") which also shows Miley Cyrus at the end.
"High School Musical 3: Senior Year" (2008).
It's the end of the Wildcats' championship basketball game against the West High Knights, where team captain Troy (Zac Efron) immediately rallies their spirits ("Now or Never"). At Troy's after-party, Troy and his girlfriend, Gabriella (Vanessa Hudgens), are seen sitting in Troy's treehouse reflecting about the past year and picturing how their last few months at East High would end ("Right Here, Right Now").
The following week at East High, Sharpay (Ashley Tisdale) made another dramatic entrance and a drama teacher, Ms. Darbus (Alyson Reed), is alarmed when few students sign up to audition for the Spring Musical, and Sharpay suggests that she perform a one-woman show. Quickly, the discouraged playwright, Kelsi (Olesya Rulin), scribbles on the sign up sheet everyone in her homeroom class, including Sharpay, Ryan, Troy, Gabriella, and the less than enthusiastic Chad (Corbin Bleu), Taylor (Monique Coleman), and other fellow Wildcats. Conclusively, Ms. Darbus announces that the Spring Musical will reflect the students' final days at East High. Ms. Darbus also announces that she will select one student for a Juilliard scholarship with Sharpay, Ryan, Kelsi, and Troy under consideration. Desperate to win the scholarship and knowing Kelsi will give the lead roles to Troy and Gabriella, Sharpay tries to persuade Ryan (Lucas Grabeel) to help her convince Kelsi to consider them instead by predicting their future in theater ("I Want It All").
Prom is around the corner, and Chad asks Taylor to be his date. She declines because she feels him to be unenthused about the event. Subsequently, Chad jumps onto a table and announces to the entire cafeteria that he is interested in having Taylor be his date, and she accepts ("A Night to Remember"). Meanwhile, Gabriella finds out that she has a chance to attend college really early. Sharpay told Troy that Gabriella is going to Stanford early. Troy encourages Gabriella to go, convinced that he is the only reason holding her back. However, on Prom night, Troy drives out to pick up Gabriella as East High is not the same without her. Days later, the play finally goes on as planned ("Spring Musical"), and Sharpay is prepared for the last musical at East High. At the close of the evening, Ms. Darbus announces that both Kelsi and Ryan each received the scholarship to Juilliard. And Gabriella returns. 
It is also revealed the outcome of the other student's college choices("We're All in This Together (Graduation Mix)").
The film concludes with a big celebratory graduation ("High School Musical"), and then, like a stage musical, has closeups of the lead actors.
Reception.
"Entertainment Weekly" put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Call it children stuff. But HSM became a billion-dollar hit across screens big and small thanks to a love of song, dance, and happy endings. And that's pure, old-fashioned showbiz." East High School was chosen as the Number 1 "Top Five Best High Schools from Movies and TV" by St. Petersburg Times.
Stage performances and other media.
"High School Musical 4" and reunion film.
In 2009, Gary Marsh, president of Disney Channel confirmed that there will be fourth installment in the series saying, "I'm excited to be part of a franchise that, thematically, encourages kids to believe in themselves. Like the first three movies, my goal is to keep the art form of the traditional musical alive, yet bring a contemporary emotional response to the story and its characters through song and dance."
It was also confirmed that the main stars such as Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale or any of the original Wildcats gang would not be returning as the lead roles but an entirely different actors will be cast for the film. Reports said that the fourth film would have the title "High School Musical: East Meets West" and would be directed by Jeffrey Hornaday. It was also reported that the plot would follow around a love triangle set against the cross-town school rivalry between the East High Wildcats and West High Knights. The film should begin to proceed in late 2014 and premiere in July 2015. There will be an epilogue 10 years later of where the Wildcats are today.
In an interview with Showbiz Spy in March 2012, Efron stated that he would be open to filming a fourth film, saying, "I can't say for sure if it will happen but deep down in my heart, I would jump at the chance." He then went on to say that he was "pretty sure rest of the cast would feel the exact same way." 
Spin-offs.
"Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure".
Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure is a direct-to video film and High School Musical spin-off starring Ashley Tisdale. The film looks at Sharpay Evans' life after her graduation trying to get a role in a Broadway show. The film was released as a Blu-ray and DVD combination pack on April 19, 2011. "Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure". The film also takes place shortly after the graduation of the original cast. It starts with Sharpay Evans, the spin-off's protagonist, learning about the audition to a musical on Broadway. So, Sharpay travels to New York City with her dog Boi and meets Peyton (Austin Butler). Everything goes awry on such a "fabulous adventure" for Sharpay. One example includes Boi and another boy's (Bradley Steven Perry) dog running away. Searching for the pets, him and Sharpay find that the dogs are madly in love.
By the end, Sharpay gets the part in a real Broadway musical and shares a kiss with Peyton. Then her twin brother Ryan Evans visits, to say that he is not in Juilliard with Kelsi as hinted in ""High School Musical 3: Senior Year."
"High School Musical: El Desafío".
"High School Musical: El Desafío" (in Spanish, "The Challenge") is a spin-off of the American film "High School Musical" for the Latin American market, based on the book "Battle of the Bands". The films were scripted for a theatrical release, and had eight new songs produced exclusively for the film. The film was first adapted in Argentina in February 2008, for Mexico in August 2008 and then for Brazil (with the title "High School Musical: O Desafio") in 2010.
Over the summer, the team captain discovers that the girl next door has changed a lot over the summer. Meanwhile, the mean girl is still as vain as ever and overshadows her poor brother and his "invisible" friends. When the school year begins, the school announces a "Battle of the Bands" contest. Working against the clock and with limited resources, both cliques pull their respective forces together for the big day. However, in an effort to win, dreams are thwarted, and only one band will be the winner.
"High School Musical Puerto Rico : College Dreams".
"High School Musical Puerto Rico" is a spin-off of the "High School Musical" series for the Chinese market. It was released in August 2010.
Merchandise and other media.
Concert tour.
The "High School Musical: The Concert" tour started on November 29, 2006 kicking off in San Diego. The tour continued until January 28, 2007 performing in major cities around the United States, Canada and Latin America. The concert featured all of the original cast members except for Zac Efron, who was shooting Hairspray. Efron was replaced by Drew Seeley (whose voice was blended with Efron's during the film). The concert featured the original songs from the film, as well as songs from Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, and Corbin Bleu.
"High School Musical: On Stage!".
High School Musical was adapted to a stage musical starting in early 2006 with two versions: a 70-minute One Act play and a full-length Two Act musical. On August 1, 2006, Playbill announced that the Stagedoor Manor summer theater camp, featured in the film "Camp", would be the first venue to produce "High School Musical" on-stage. Pacific Repertory Theatre School of Dramatic Arts staged the California premiere in 2007, which was revived in 2008.
From early 2007 though the end of July, North Shore Music Theatre in Beverly, MA had a production of "High School Musical" that featured Broadway actor Andrew Keenan-Bolger as Ryan and Kate Rockwell, a semi-finalist on "", as Sharpay.
High School Musical 2 was later adpated to a stage musical starting in late 2008. Both theatrical versions includes "Hummuhummunukunukuapua'a", a song cut from the film but included on the DVD. Again, Pacific Repertory Theatre School of Dramatic Arts presented the West Coast premiere of High School Musical 2 in January 2009. The production was directed by PacRep founder Stephen Moorer, who previously directed the California premiere of the first High School Musical.
Reality series.
During July and August 2008, ABC broadcast a reality competition based on the series, "High School Musical: Get in the Picture"
"Madison High" TV series.
In 2010 Disney announced their intention to film a television spinoff of the film series entitled "Madison High" and began casting that same year. A pilot episode for the series was officially ordered in early 2011, which would star Luke Benward, G. Hannelius, Leah Lewis, Katherine McNamara, Mark Indelicato, and Nolan Sotillo. The episode contained four songs and if picked up, would have marked the first crossover and spin-off between a Disney Channel Original Movie and a Disney Channel Original Series. However although the pilot was filmed, "Madison High" has not yet been picked up for a season.
Ice tour.
"Feld Entertainment" produced global tour titled, "High School Musical: The Ice Tour" which had its world premiere in New York city on September 29, 2007. The cast included 2004 World Junior Bronze Medalist Jordan Brauninger and 2004–2005 Australian national champion Bradley Santer. The show contained elements and songs from both the original film and its sequel, "High School Musical 2" and now features a special preview of "High School Musical 3: Senior Year".
Books.
In June 2006, Disney Press published "High School Musical: the Junior Novel", the novelization of the successful film. This novel hit number one on the "New York Times" best-selling list and remained on the list for sixteen weeks. As of August 2007, the novel has sold more than 4.5 million copies, with 1 million copies of the novel's follow-up, "High School Musical 2: The Junior Novel", being shipped to American retailers. "High School Musical 3: Senior Year: The Junior Novel" came out on September 23, 2008. Shortly after the success of the original novel, Disney announced that a book series, entitled "Stories From East High", would be published in February 2007 with a new book being published every 60 days until July 2008.
Video games.
Disney Interactive Studios has produced 6 "High School Musical" video games, all taking the guise of music video games incorporating songs and plots from the films.
Comics.
Between 2007 and 2010, Disney Italia produced and published a comic series starring the characters of the movies, made by Italian artists, in a homonymous official magazine of the franchise. Some of the comics stories have been published abroad, such as in Finland and Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19958668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958668" title="List of hieroglyphs/L">
List of hieroglyphs/L


</doc>
<doc id="19958677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958677" title="Ode to Joy (album)">
Ode to Joy (album)

Ode to Joy is an album by Canadian indie rock band The Deadly Snakes, released in 2003 on In the Red Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19958679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958679" title="List of hieroglyphs/H">
List of hieroglyphs/H


</doc>
<doc id="19958682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958682" title="List of cultural icons of Germany">
List of cultural icons of Germany

The list of cultural icons of Germany is a list of links to potential cultural icons in Germany [http://www.guardian.co.uk/travel/2008/may/29/germany.germany].
Sport.
Franz Beckenbauer, Gerd Müller, Oliver Kahn, Bastian Schweinsteiger

</doc>
<doc id="19958703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958703" title="List of hieroglyphs/AA">
List of hieroglyphs/AA


</doc>
<doc id="19958710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958710" title="Pierr Nosari">
Pierr Nosari

Pierr Nosari is an Italian director.
Winner of Nosside Videopoetry Award with his work Waltzer, he is also a theatre director. Together with Francesco Fei, he wrote the script for the film OnDE, featuring Anita Caprioli and Ignazio Oliva. He has directed OfflagaDiscoPax (rockumentary) (film) presented in absolute preview at Suburbia No Budget Film Festival in Rome, September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19958712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958712" title="List of hieroglyphs/Y">
List of hieroglyphs/Y


</doc>
<doc id="19958715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958715" title="List of hieroglyphs/Z">
List of hieroglyphs/Z


</doc>
<doc id="19958722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958722" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres hurdles

The men's 400 metres hurdles event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Sunday, July 6, 1924 and on Monday, July 7, 1924.
As for all other races the track was 500 metres in circumference.
Twenty-three hurdlers from 13 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
"(*)" not ratified as he knocked over a hurdle
Morgan Taylor won the U.S. trials in a time of 52.6 but he also knocked over a hurdle, which was against the rules in force at that time. He did the same in the final of this competition so the time he set, again 52.6, was also not ratified as world record. As the second placed Erik Wilén used a similar style his 53.8 were also not accepted as world record but tolerated as Olympic record.
Results.
Round 1.
All heats were held on Sunday, July 6, 1924.
The best two finishers of every heat qualified for the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
All semi-finals were held on Sunday, July 6, 1924.
The best three finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
The final was held on Monday, July 7, 1924. Charles Brookins who finished second was disqualified when he ran out of his lane. As Morgan Taylor knocked over a hurdle, which was against the rules in force at that time the Olympic record was credited to the second placed Erik Wilén, but the time was not ratified as world record.

</doc>
<doc id="19958726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958726" title="List of hieroglyphs/P">
List of hieroglyphs/P


</doc>
<doc id="19958739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958739" title="List of hieroglyphs/W">
List of hieroglyphs/W


</doc>
<doc id="19958752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958752" title="List of hieroglyphs/X">
List of hieroglyphs/X


</doc>
<doc id="19958755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958755" title="Jelendol, Tržič">
Jelendol, Tržič

Jelendol is a settlement on the banks of the Tržič Bistrica River in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Until 1955 it was called "Puterhof".

</doc>
<doc id="19958758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958758" title="SD Atlético Albericia">
SD Atlético Albericia

Sociedad Deportiva Atlético Albericia is a football team based in Santander in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1974, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 3. The club's home ground is "Juan Hormaechea", which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19958768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958768" title="Astragalus albens">
Astragalus albens

Astragalus albens is a species of milkvetch known by the common names Cushenbury milkvetch and silvery-white milkvetch.
Distribution.
It is endemic to San Bernardino County, California, where it is known from the northern slopes of the San Bernardino Mountains. Most of the plants are located in the woodland and scrub of the slopes between Big Bear in the mountains and Lucerne Valley in the Mojave Desert at the foot of the range. 
It grows in habitat rich in carbonate rock. It is a federally listed endangered species which is known from 30 to 50 populations. There are a total of about 7000 plants, fewer in drought years.
Description.
"Astragalus albens" is an annual or perennial herb producing a prostrate mat of delicate stems coated densely in silvery hairs. The leaves are generally a few centimeters long and made up of several gray-green oval-shaped leaflets less than a centimeter long each. The inflorescence arises upright from the low patch of foliage and bears up to 14 pealike flowers. Each flower is dark-veined light to deep purple with a spot of white or light pink in the throat. 
The fruit is a legume pod between one and two centimeters long. It is roughly hairy and crescent-shaped, drying to a thick papery texture.
Conservation.
The main threat to this species is limestone mining, a large industry in this part of the San Bernardino Mountains. This form of mining alters the local habitat by physically removing plant life for quarries, road construction, and load dumping. It also produces major changes in the hydrology of the area and releases large amounts of carbonate dust into the air which combines with water and forms a very thin layer of what is essentially cement over the habitat. Most of the populations of this plant are located on sites of active mining or sites which are targeted for mining in the future. 
Most of these sites are part of San Bernardino National Forest, and there are plans to set aside pieces of habitat for this and other endemics. Other threats to the species include off-road vehicle use and urban development.

</doc>
<doc id="19958773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958773" title="Permutation box">
Permutation box

In cryptography, a permutation box (or P-box) is a method of bit-shuffling used to permute or transpose bits across S-boxes inputs, retaining diffusion while transposing.
In block ciphers, the S-boxes and P-Boxes are used to make the relation between the plaintext and the ciphertext difficult to understand (see Shannon's property of confusion). P-boxes are typically classified as "compression", "expansion", and "straight", according as the number of output bits is less than, greater than, or equal to the number of input bits. Only straight P-boxes are invertible.

</doc>
<doc id="19958780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958780" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1

These are the results of the men's C-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The C-1 (canoe single) event is raced by one-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 2000 Olympic competition was in Penrith.
Results.
Qualifying.
The 16 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 17 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event with the top 12 advancing to the final round the following day.
Final.
The 12 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 18 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19958784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958784" title="Love, Love, Love (James Blunt song)">
Love, Love, Love (James Blunt song)

"Love, Love, Love" is the fifth and final single from James Blunt's second studio album, "All the Lost Souls". It is also his ninth single overall. It is the only song from the deluxe version of the album to be released as a single. It is also the first single released by Blunt to feature John Garrison, who replaced Malcolm Moore at the end of 2007, as one of the band members to perform on the track. The single was released on 7 November 2008, with a physical release appearing three days later. The song peaked at No. 121 on the UK Singles Chart, making it Blunt's lowest charting single to date.
Release.
The single was released on one physical and download format, each containing the same tracklisting. The single features a demo song entitled "I'll Have Everything", which was recorded at its first conception during the writing sessions. The track was written by Blunt and Eg White. The single also features a live version of "1973" recorded live at The Max Sessions in Sydney.
Music video.
Directed by Kinga Burza, the music video shows Blunt playing guitar and singing along to the song, whilst surrounded by 1970s-style performers. Most of the performers have a brightly coloured instrument of some kind, or sing along with the track.

</doc>
<doc id="19958787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958787" title="Bill Endicott (baseball)">
Bill Endicott (baseball)

William Franklin Endicott (born September 4, 1918) is a former left fielder who played briefly for the St. Louis Cardinals during the season. A native of in Acorn, Missouri, he batted and threw left-handed.
In one season career, Endicott posted a .200 batting average (4-for-20) with two runs and three RBI in 20 games, including three doubles, and a .333 on-base percentage without home runs.
Endicott, , is recognized as one of the oldest living major league ballplayers and is, as of October 2013, the oldest living ex-St. Louis Cardinal.

</doc>
<doc id="19958793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958793" title="Artificial Lake Castle">
Artificial Lake Castle

The Artificial Lake Castle was built in 1969, when the National Amusement Park was established in the centre of the Mongolian capital Ulaanbaatar. 
It is surrounded by an artificial lake and fortress walls in an eastern-Asian style. Inside the walls is a three-storey building. There are three watch towers. Since its establishment, an Ethnographic Museum operated in it until the mid-2000s. The castle has been rebuilt from 2010 assuming an appearance of a Western castle. The mock castle is part of an amusement complex together with the lake, and dock house. 

</doc>
<doc id="19958800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958800" title="Come Clean (novel)">
Come Clean (novel)

Come Clean is the second novel written by the UK-based American author Terri Paddock. The book was released in the United Kingdom in 2004. The title is the name of a fictional drug rehabilitation center based in the fictional town of Carrefort, Pennsylvania. The book is dedicated to survivors of real life rehabilitation program Straight, Incorporated, including Paddock's sister.
Plot.
Justine Ziegler is taken, against her will, to 'Come Clean Drug Rehabilitation Center', the same rehabilitation center her twin brother Joshua Ziegler attended. After an interview with the program director in which most of her answers are twisted out of context to make her seem like a drug addict, Justine is admitted to Come Clean for what is supposedly a three day observation. First she is subjected to a strip search by a senior member, before being taken to the main hall, where the members of the program are "motivating" as part of their rehabilitation. The head of the program, Hilary Navarre, asks the group if anyone knows her, and a boy called Earl admits to taking marijuana with her. Justine denies this, until pages of her diary are read out and the twisted truth comes out.
Justine's twin, Joshua, was admitted to the program because he was an addict. One night, Justine woke up, and saw Joshua sneaking out to go out with his friends. Justine asks to come along and eventually Joshua agrees. When they reach their destination, Joshua and the driver go for a walk. Justine is in the back of a car with Earl, and another boy. They are both smoking marijuana, and hand it to Justine, but before she raises it to her lips Joshua reappears and shouts at her to never do it again. After several events like this, the twins' parents admit Joshua to Come Clean.
Throughout the book, there are chapters with memoirs of the twins' childhood. There are such events as just playing, and starting school. Every one of these chapters is written in a style which Justine is speaking to Joshua. The final memoir chapter documents Joshua's death. It was New Year's Eve, and Justine is home alone with Joshua. When Justine goes to answer the door, Joshua sneaks outside and jumps off a diving board into an empty pool, committing suicide. The reason for this is apparent late in the book.
During Justine's imprisonment in Come Clean, she comes to the attention of a senior staff member, Dwight. It is revealed Dwight raped Joshua during his time in Come Clean and drove him to his suicide. Dwight also forces Justine to do a special pennance alone so he can also rape Justine, Which due to her being on her period, she is forced to perform fellatio on him.
A new member is admitted to the program, Toby Sheridan, and he and Justine take an instant liking to each other. Toby was about to graduate from high school, but was admitted to the program. During a weekly meeting, where the families of the admitted come to discuss their progress, Toby's little sister does not believe he is an addict so enlists his football friends to help him escape. The next meeting, fireworks go off, and everyone is evacuated outside. Members of Toby's football team are causing chaos and assaulting staff members. Toby escapes, and Justine takes refuge in her parents' car, and she is forced to return inside to the program. The senior member who strip searched Justine when she was admitted, Gwen, found notes that were passed between Justine and Toby which detailed the escape. Justine is in for a severe punishment, but as it is late everybody is sent home. Justine is sent home with a senior member called Moira. During the drive home, a van crashes into Moira's car, and several people bang on the windows chanting Justine's name. Justine escapes into the van where Toby is waiting for her.
Toby and Justine catch a bus to Kansas, where Justine's grandmother lives. They live happily until Justine's mother turns up on the door, having separated from Justine's father.
Later that month, Justine is watching television when Dwight sneaks into the house and catches her. He and Hilary have been granted permission from Justine's father to readmit her. When Justine, her grandmother and mother, Hilary and Dwight are discussing this, Toby returns from a jog. Upon seeing Dwight, he charges him but is knocked out. Hilary took the precaution of contacting the local police before she arrived, and they arrive on the doorstep. In a last-ditch attempt to prevent re-admittance, Justine explains how Dwight raped and emotionally tortured her. Hilary listens to this and at the end, instructs the police officers to arrest Dwight.

</doc>
<doc id="19958815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958815" title="Kovor">
Kovor

Kovor () is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to John the Baptist and is first mentioned in documents dating to 1296. The building that survives today is from the mid-18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19958821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958821" title="Leonardo Ribeiro de Almeida">
Leonardo Ribeiro de Almeida

Leonardo Eugénio Ramos Ribeiro de Almeida (Santarém, 19 September 1924 - 18 January 2006), was a Portuguese politician.
Career.
He was a Licentiate in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Lisbon and became a Lawyer.
He joined then Popular Democratic Party (PPD), later Social Democratic Party (PSD) in May 1974 and in the following year he was elected a Deputy to the Constituent Assembly and in 1980 again to the Assembly of the Republic.
He became the 3rd and 5th President of the Assembly of the Republic between 8 January 1980 and 21 October 1981 and again from 3 November 1982 to 30 May 1983, in which period he also became according to his office a Member of the Portuguese Council of State.
He was also a Minister of Defence between November 1985 and August 1987.
Internationally he perticipated in the Conference of Presidents of the European Parliaments in Madrid in 1980 and he represented the Portuguese Parliament at the Conference of the Latin-American Parliaments in Bogotá in 1981. As the President of the Portuguese Association of the Atlantic he participated in 1982 in the Sea-Link/82, in the United States of America.
Family.
He was married and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19958839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958839" title="8th Flying Training Squadron">
8th Flying Training Squadron

The 8th Flying Training Squadron (8 FTS) is part of the 71st Flying Training Wing based at Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It operates the T-6A Texan II aircraft conducting flight training.
Mission.
Performs Joint Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training (JSUPT) with T-6A Texan II trainers.
History.
Activated in early 194 under Fourth Air Force; after a brief organizational period in Southern California where it was equipped with reconnaissance P-38 Lightnings (F-4) it deployed to the Southwest Pacific Area (SPA), being assigned to Fifth Air Force in Australia.
Engaged in long-range tactical reconnaissance missions over New Guinea; later the Dutch East Indies and in late 1944, over the Philippines in support of Mac Arthur's Island-Hopping campaign (1942–1945). After the Japanese capitulation in August 1945, became part of the Army of Occupation in Japan. It was not operational between April 1946 and July 1947.
From 1947–1949 flew photographic mapping missions over Japan, Korea, Philippines and other areas of western Pacific. During the Korean War, the squadron flew tactical reconnaissance sorties over North and South Korea from, 29 June 1950 – 24 February 1951.
The 8th has conducted undergraduate pilot training for active duty, Air National Guard, Air Force Reserve and selected foreign allies since 1 November 1972. Since the mid-1990s, the squadron has also conducted joint primary flight training for selected US Navy and US Marine Corps student naval aviators, with command of the squadron alternating between Air Force officers in the rank of lieutenant colonel and Navy officers in the ranks of commander.

</doc>
<doc id="19958848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958848" title="Upír z Feratu">
Upír z Feratu

Upír z Feratu (the name is a pun on "Upír Nosferatu", or "Nosferatu the Vampire") is a 1981 Czechoslovak horror film directed by Juraj Herz.
Plot.
Doctor Marek (Jiří Menzel) is shocked when his beloved nurse, Mima (Dagmar Veškrnová), signs a contract with foreign car manufacturer Ferat to work as a rally-driver. Rumours abound that the Ferat sports car runs not on petrol, but on human blood.
Car.
The Ferat rally car used in the film was in fact a prototype for an unrealised sports model Škoda 110 Super Sport produced by Škoda Auto, now generally referred to as the Škoda Super Sport 'Ferat Vampir RSR' in homage to the film. This car white coloured also play a small role in Tomorrow I'll Wake Up and Scald Myself with Tea.

</doc>
<doc id="19958871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958871" title="North Carolina (disambiguation)">
North Carolina (disambiguation)

North Carolina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958873" title="Love (Inhabited album)">
Love (Inhabited album)

Love is the third studio album from Christian rock band Inhabited. It was released in the United States on February 26, 2008, through the 7Spin Music label. Three songs have been released as radio singles: "Love (I Need You)", "I Want to Know" and "Hush", which charted in the top 10 on Christian CHR music charts (according to Radio and Records magazine).

</doc>
<doc id="19958874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958874" title="Kanikōsen">
Kanikōsen

Synopsis.
A crab fishing ship goes to the open sea off Kamchatka (now in Russia but then in the Soviet Union). The crew are not optimistic about their prospects; one crewman declares "We're going to Hell!" The crew ultimately revolt against their sadistic manager and foreman, form a union and take over the ship. However the new order on board is suppressed by the Imperial Navy sailors.
The book expresses its pessimism from the beginning, not only in the opening remark but in the description of the harbour of Hakodate being filled with rubbish, and the smaller boats being compared to insects.
Revival of interest.
Interest in the book has revived recently as the 2008 financial crisis has led to economic pressures on many Japanese workers. Interest increased after an article discussing the book appeared in the "Mainichi Shimbun" newspaper on 9 January. This was followed by further articles in other papers, which came to call the revival the "Kanikōsen boom". Headlines like "Kanikōsen - Sad reminder, lamenting disparity, young people’s empathy" ("Yomiuri Shimbun" 2 May) reflected its popularity among many disaffected young Japanese workers.
The Shinchōsha Publishing Company originally planned to release 7,000 copies, to coincide with the 75th anniversary of the author's birth. As of May, 50,000 copies have been printed to cope with demand. As of August 2008, the book was near the top of several of Japan's bestseller lists, a remarkable feat for a book of this type.
Other versions.
In 1953 the film "Kanikōsen" was released, directed by Sō Yamamura and starring himself, Masayuki Mori and Sumiko Hidaka. It was awarded the best cinematography prize at the 1954 Mainichi Film Concours.
A manga version of the book first appeared in 2006, the first of four so far. During 2009, two stage adaptations of the novel were produced in Tokyo, another was produced in 2012.
A remake of the film "Kanikōsen", directed by Hiroyuki Tanaka and starring Ryuhei Matsuda and Hidetoshi Nishijima was completed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19958883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958883" title="SnapDragon">
SnapDragon

SnapDragon is a contemporary jazz band based in San Antonio, Texas. The group released their debut CD, "Stealing a Moment" on Humbug Records in 2008, and the 10-song CD soon broke the Top 100 in U.S radio airplay (Mediabase Smooth Adult Contemporary chart). SnapDragon also had three tracks on the compilation CD "HumBug Christmas" (HumBug Records, 2008).
The group consists of Sam Mims (keyboards and musical director), Steve Glaeser (drums), and Carl Stutevoss (bass). Former band member Danny Fisk played saxophones on "Stealing a Moment". Sam Mims, the songwriter and producer of "Stealing a Moment", previously worked as the keyboardist for jazz saxophonist Richard Elliot. Steve Glaeser formerly toured with artists such as Monte Alexander and Clark Terry. The band is frequently seen with post-indie group AudioCoitus.

</doc>
<doc id="19958908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958908" title="SAP Application Performance Standard">
SAP Application Performance Standard

The SAP Application Performance Standard, known as SAPS is a unit of measurement that describes the performance (throughput result) of a SAP system configuration. This hardware-independent unit is based on the SAP Sales and Distribution (SD) Benchmark. It is defined as:
2,000 fully processed order line items per hour = 100 SAPS
This throughput corresponds to 6,000 processed dialog steps (screen changes), 2,000 postings per hour in the SD benchmark, or 2,400 SAP transactions.

</doc>
<doc id="19958917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958917" title="Teófilo Carvalho dos Santos">
Teófilo Carvalho dos Santos

Teófilo Carvalho dos Santos (4 September 1906 in Lisbon – 1986), was a Portuguese politician.
Career.
He was a Licentiate in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Lisbon.
In 1945 he became one of the Founders of the Partido Trabalhista and, four years later in 1949, he integrated the core of the Resistência Republicana Socialista.
In 1969 he joined the Accção Socialista Portuguesa (ASP) and in 1973, along with other Members of that Party, he founded the Socialist Party.
After the Carnation Revolution and the legalization of his Party he was a Deputy for PS to the Assembly of the Republic for eleven years, between 1975 and 1986. He died in office.
He was the 2nd President of the Assembly of the Republic for two years, from 30 October 1978 to 7 January 1980, in which period he was also inherently a Member of the Portuguese Council of State.
Family.
He married Maria Fernanda Troni de Sousa e Melo, daughter of Vasco de Sousa e Melo, a Lawyer, and wife (m. Alenquer, 27 April 1922) Maria Regina Namorado Troni (Alenquer, Triana, 20 December 1889 - ?), whose paternal grandfather was Italian, and had issue: 

</doc>
<doc id="19958923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958923" title="Walter Pitsch">
Walter Pitsch

Walter Pitsch (13 July 1920 – 29 July 2005) was a Hauptscharführer in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 6 May 1945, he was the last member of the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler and the only member of the Division's Anti Aircraft battalion to be given the award.
At the time of his award Pitsch was the commander of the 4th Battery, 1st SS Anti Aircraft Battalion, "LSSAH".

</doc>
<doc id="19958930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958930" title="Ingrid Bjerkås">
Ingrid Bjerkås

Ingrid Bjerkås (8 May 1901 – 30 November 1980) was the first female minister in the Church of Norway.
Early life.
She was born in Kristiania as a daughter of Olaf Johansen (1874–1958) and Hilda Charlotte Elise Holmsen (1874–1953). She finished her secondary education in 1920, married Søren Alexius Bjerkås (1895–1965) in 1922 and became a housewife. They lived in Bærum. In 1941, during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, she wrote two letters to Vidkun Quisling, accusing him of treason and demanding his withdrawal from politics. Nazi physician Hans Eng hinted to her being a psychopath. In 1943 she sent a similar letter to Josef Terboven, protesting the crackdown on Norwegian students following the 1943 University of Oslo fire. She was arrested by the Nazis and was incarcerated in Grini concentration camp from 17 December 1943 to 31 January 1944, then at Bærum Hospital until 19 December 1944.
Priesthood.
After the war she taught at a Sunday school for some years before enrolling at the University of Oslo. She graduated with the cand.theol. in 1958, and took the practical-theological examination in 1960. She was ordained by the Bishop of Hamar, Kristian Schjelderup in Vang Church in March 1961. This act was the cause of strong protests from church members and church officials alike. Immediately after her ordination, six of the nine bishops of the Bishop Collegium refused accept her into the Holy Orders and stated that "we find it impossible to reconcile female ministry with the New Testament because of the attitude and direct statements. The Word denies women access to pastoral as well as teaching offices, and justifies this principle as God's creation scheme and the Lord's own will. So, we are bound by the word of God that the principles we are committed to must be followed". The other bishops agreed to the request.
Eventually, she was hired as vicar in the parish "Berg og Torsken". Some still would not accept a female minister. She resigned in June 1965, one month after the death of her husband. She returned to Bærum, and was a priest at Martina Hansen's Hospital from 1966 to 1971. She issued the book "Mitt kall" ("My Calling") in 1966. She died in November 1980 in Bærum.

</doc>
<doc id="19958947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958947" title="North Dakota (disambiguation)">
North Dakota (disambiguation)

North Dakota is a state in the United States.
North Dakota may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19958957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958957" title="Tirley Garth">
Tirley Garth

Tirley Garth is a large country house some to the north of Tarporley, Cheshire, England. The house together with its entrance courtyard walls are designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
History.
The building of the house began in 1907 for Bryan Leesmith, a director of the chemical firm of Brunner Mond, the architect being C. E. Mallows. Before it was completed, Leesmith had to sell the house and its ownership passed to Brunner Mond. It was then leased to Richard Henry Prestwich, who was a director of Burberry’s. Prestwich’s daughter, Irene, continued to rent the property after her father’s death in 1940. Irene was a member of the campaign for Moral Re-Armament (MRA) and in 1940 she invited the organisation to move here to shelter from the war. In November 1940 36 incendiary bombs fell in the garden and one on the house. During the war the gardens were used for growing produce which was taken to the local markets. After the war Irene bought the house and grounds from Imperial Chemical Industries, the successors of Brunner Mond, and presented it to MRA, establishing the Tirley Garth Trust in order to preserve it. Irene Prestwich died in 1974. In 2002, as the house and grounds were surplus to the requirements of MRA, they were sold to Mersey Television.
Architecture.
Tirley Garth is built in pebble-dashed brick with buff sandstone dressings, a York stone-slate roof and tall pebble-dashed chimneys. It is designed in the Art and Crafts style. The word “garth” in its name derives from the house being built around an internal courtyard. On all sides of the courtyard are stone cloisters with three arches on each side and in its centre is a sunken circular pool reached by curved steps. The living quarters are on the south, west and east sides. The south front, with views towards the Beeston and Peckforton Hills, is the main front. It is symmetrical with five bays, all of which are gabled. The central bay has a large semicircular projection in two storeys with an eleven-light mullioned and transomed window behind which is the great hall. Above this is a five-light window. The end bays have canted two-storey projections with four-light windows above them. The west front is the entrance front. It has eight bays, is mainly in two storeys, and has a three-storey tower to the right. Internally there are many architectural details with some fine wood-carving, and tiles which are unique to the house.
Gardens and associated structures.
The gardens were also designed by Mallows who believed that in order to create a unity of design, they should be designed by the architect to create a whole with the house. Mallows worked from rooms adjacent to those of the landscape architect Thomas Mawson, and it is likely that Mawson influenced Mallows' designs. The degree of Mawson's involvement is uncertain but he did produce planting plans which were published. The park and garden are registered at Grade II*. The covers an area of about 16 hectares, is the only Grade II* Arts and Crafts garden in Cheshire that remains complete.
To the west of the house is a turning circle and to the south are formal terraced gardens which lead to a sunken garden. Beyond this the land slopes down to a valley containing many rhododendrons. To the east of the house terraces lead to two enclosed lawns and a small octagonal garden containing a fountain. Beyond these is a rose garden consisting of seven semicircular terraces of grass and rose beds. From the north of these a path leads to the Round Acre, a circular area initially intended for the kitchen garden, now planted with flowering cherry trees. The gardens are open to visitors on one or two days each year by arrangement through the National Gardens Scheme.
Structures around the house and in the garden are listed at Grade II. These are the eastern entrance of southern gateway to the house which consists of gatepiers and a stile in bossed red sandstone which were designed about 1910 by Mallows; the south terrace with its complex of walls which were designed about 1912 by Mawson; and the walls and steps of the east terrace and associated formal gardens which were also designed around the same time by Mawson.

</doc>
<doc id="19958965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958965" title="Budki Borovskiye">
Budki Borovskiye

Budki Borovskiye () is a village in Rivne Oblast, Ukraine.
Between the world wars, the village was part of the Second Polish Republic. It was located in Gmina Kisorycze, Sarny County, in Wołyń Voivodeship; until the 1939 Soviet invasion of Poland.
During the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia between 1942 and 1945 the village was one of hundreds of sites of mass killings by the UPA death squads aided by the local Ukrainians. On December 6-7, 1943, the Polish inhabitants of Budki were slaughtered, numbering at around fifty. Those who survived, hidden in the forest, were later threatened with death by their Ukrainian neighbours and left the area. The war history of the village was written about by Kazimierz Garbowski (January 1928 in Budki Borowskie — 2000, Warsaw), author of a memoir collected between 1990 - 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19958979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958979" title="Vlora City FC">
Vlora City FC

Vlora City F.C. is an Albanian football club based in the city of Vlorë. The club currently plays in the Albanian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19958981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958981" title="Uche Akubuike">
Uche Akubuike

Uche Akubuike (born March 17, 1980 in Akwa Ibom) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper. He plays club football for Enyimba.
Playing career.
He began his career in 1997 with NITEL Vasco Da Gama F.C., later moving in 1998 to Jasper United. After 1 year with Jasper United, he left the club and moved to Algerian USM Blida. Afterwords he signed with Canon Yaoundé, and also played on loan with FK Hajduk Kula in Serbia, and B71 Sandoy in the Faroe Islands. In January 2003 he transferred to Julius Berger FC, he played on loan for Platinum Stars in 2005.
He controversially left the South African club after being arrested for visa irregularities He left Berger in 2006 and moved to Dolphins F.C.. Later in 2006, he moved on loan to Kwara United F.C.. After the loan returned for one month before moving to crosstown rival Sharks F.C.. On 14 February 2008 left Port Harcourt and signs a contract for Wikki Tourists.
He signed for Enyimba in May of 2012.
International.
He was called up by Bora Milutinović for the Nigeria national football team as back-up goalkeeper in the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He has also played a number of friendly matches and has been part of Nigerian team in the African Nations Cup qualifiers. He was also part of the Nigerian team in the Hong Kong 4 Nations Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19958996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958996" title="Hudo, Tržič">
Hudo, Tržič

Hudo is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19958999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19958999" title="CA Deva">
CA Deva

Club Atlético Deva is a football team based in Unquera, Val de San Vicente in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1950, the team plays in Regional Preferente. The club's home ground is "El Llance", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19959000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959000" title="Hadibowo">
Hadibowo

Hadibowo is a former badminton player from Indonesia.
Career.
A men's doubles specialist, Hadibowo teamed with veteran doubles maestro Christian Hadinata to win the Indonesia and Thailand Opens in 1984. In the 1984 Thomas Cup (men's international team championship) series, Hadibowo and Christian defeated their final round Chinese opponents, contributing to Indonesia's three matches to two victory. They also won their final round match against China in the 1986 Thomas Cup series, but this time in a two matches to three loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19959013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959013" title="Ameagari no Hana yo Sake">
Ameagari no Hana yo Sake


</doc>
<doc id="19959025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959025" title="Hušica">
Hušica

Hušica is a small settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19959047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959047" title="Dance hall (disambiguation)">
Dance hall (disambiguation)

A dance hall is a room for dancing.
Dance hall or dancehall may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19959057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959057" title="Samson Kambalu">
Samson Kambalu

Samson Kambalu (born 1975) is a Malawi-born author who trained as a fine artist and ethnomusicologist at the University of Malawi's Chancellor College. His first book, "The Jive Talker", was published in 2008 by Jonathan Cape in the UK and by Free Press in the USA.
Life and work.
Samson Kambalu was born in Malawi, where he attended Kamuzu Academy, the so-called "Eton of Africa". He graduated from the University of Malawi's Chancellor College, Zomba in 1999, and completed his MA in Fine Art at Nottingham Trent University in 2003.
Kambalu’s work originates from the Protestant tradition of inquiry, criticism, and rebellion that he inherited from a rapidly Christianising contemporary Sub-Saharan Africa of his childhood. Manifesting in various media, from drawing, painting, installation, video to literature and performance the work playfully employs excess, transgression, humour and wit to test the boundaries of received ideas regarding history, art, identity, religion and individual freedom.
The most well known of his artworks is "Holy Ball", a football plastered in pages of the Bible. Kambalu held an exhibition of 24 "Holy Balls" at Chancellor College in 2000 at which he invited the visitors to “exercise and exorcise”. He has since shown his work internationally.
His first book, an autobiographical narrative entitled "The Jive Talker or How to Get a British Passport", was published by Jonathan Cape (Random House) in July 2008, and in August 2008 by Free Press (Simon & Schuster). Kambalu lives and works in London.
Bibliography.
2008 - "The Jive Talker or, How to Get a British Passport". ISBN 0-224-08106-3

</doc>
<doc id="19959058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959058" title="Primer (textbook)">
Primer (textbook)

A primer (in this sense usually pronounced , sometimes ) is a first textbook for teaching of reading, such as an alphabet book or basal reader. The word also is used more broadly to refer to any book that presents the most basic elements of a subject such as the primer "phylogenomics".
The Latin "Enschedé Abecedarium" of the late 15th century, translated into English as the "Salisbury Prymer", has been identified as the earliest example of a printed primer. It presented the alphabet and several Catholic prayers.
Other historical examples of primers for children include "The New England Primer" (1680s) and McGuffey Readers (1836) in the US, and "Bala Potam" (Lessons for Children, 1850 & 1851) by Arumuka Navalar in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="19959060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959060" title="Vasco da Gama Fernandes">
Vasco da Gama Fernandes

Vasco da Gama Fernandes (4 November 1908 - 9 September 1991), was a Portuguese lawyer and politician.
Background.
He was named after his most remote relative Vasco da Gama.
Career.
Vasco da Gama Fernandes was licensee in Law, from the faculty of Law of the University of Lisbon, and became a lawyer and politician. Distinguished as an oppositioner to "Estado Novo", being arrested for several times by the political police (PIDE), he joined the Aliança Republicana e Socialista (ARS) and later to the Movimento de Unidade Nacional Antifascista (MUNAF). In 1945, he was one of the founders of the Movimento de Unidade Democrática (MUD), and also of the Partido Trabalhista in 1947 and the Socialist Party (PS) in 1973.
After the Carnation Revolution, he was elected a deputy and vice-president of the Constituent Assembly for PS and, when reelected to the Assembly of the Republic, he also became its 1st President from 29 July 1976 to 29 October 1978, also becoming inherently a member of the Portuguese Council of State.
In 1979, he resigned from PS, joining then the Frente Republicana e Socialista (FRS) and later founded the Democratic Renovator Party (PRD). For this party he was again elected deputy in the legislative elections of 1985 and 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19959068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959068" title="Bad Moon Rising (album)">
Bad Moon Rising (album)

Bad Moon Rising is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released on vinyl in March 1985, through record label Homestead. The album is loosely themed around the dark side of America, and includes references to obsession and insanity, Charles Manson, heavy metal, Satanism and early European settlers' encounters with Native Americans. Each side of the original vinyl was a mostly continuous cycle of songs, except for the album's closer, "Death Valley '69".
Released to strong reviews from the underground music press, "Bad Moon Rising" was the first Sonic Youth album to combine the band's experimental material with transitional pieces and segues. The album was preceded by the single "Death Valley '69", which did not chart in either country (the track was re-recorded for the album and released again as a single in June 1985).
History.
Sonic Youth was formed in New York City in 1981 by guitarists Thurston Moore and Lee Ranaldo and bass guitarist Kim Gordon. The band signed to Glenn Branca's Neutral Records, releasing the "Sonic Youth" EP in March 1982. As Sonic Youth released a number of albums and EPs to increasing critical acclaim, including "Confusion Is Sex" and "Kill Yr. Idols" in 1983, several drummers joined and left the band. Bob Bert rejoined Sonic Youth after the "Confusion Is Sex" tour in mid-1983. The New York press largely ignored Sonic Youth (as well as the noise rock scene in the city), until after a disastrous London debut in October 1983 that actually received rave reviews in "Sounds" and "NME". When they returned to New York, the queue at CBGB for the band's concerts went around the block.
By mid-1984, Sonic Youth were playing almost once a week in the city, but its members started to realise there was little future in their musical approach; Moore later said "it was getting to the point of overkill". They retreated to the rehearsal room, retuned their guitars and changed their equipment so they were unable to play their old songs, and began writing new material.
Background.
After a period of intense songwriting, the band entered producer Martin Bisi's BC Studio in Brooklyn, New York – implicitly Before Christ Studio, which is how the band credited it on the album – in September 1984. Bisi had recorded early rappers and local avantists such as John Zorn, Elliott Sharp and Bill Laswell.
The album's cover is a photograph by artist James Welling.
Music.
"Bad Moon Rising" begins with "Intro", a short instrumental featuring several guitars, described by Michael Azerrad as "a melancholic, meowing slide line playing off a delicate stack of crystalline arpeggios." "Intro" segues into the next song, "Brave Men Run", named after a painting by American artist Edward Ruscha. The song begins with a single riff repeating for a minute, before Gordon murmurs "Brave man run in my family/Brave men run away from me." The riff fades into the album's third song, "Society Is a Hole", "a one-chord hymn to big-city anomie". Sonic Youth's use of transitional pieces in the album was inspired by their live shows, which featured either Moore or Ranaldo tuning guitars for up to five minutes while the other played slow transitory guitar riffs or prerecorded sound collages.
"I Love Her All the Time" features extensive prepared guitar by Ranaldo and the use of one chord, with a noise section in the middle; like many of the album's songs, it focuses on texture and rhythm rather than melody. The second side of "Bad Moon Rising", which comprises the experimental "Ghost Bitch" (which features Ranaldo on acoustic guitar and references Native Americans' first encounter with European settlers), "I'm Insane" and "Justice is Might", expands on the soundscape concept; the songs feature repeating guitar riffs that segue from one song to the next, while Moore and Gordon mumble cryptic lyrics.
"Death Valley '69", the album's closer, was the result of a collaboration between Thurston Moore and New York singer and poet Lydia Lunch.
Critical reception.
AllMusic noted the album's dark nature, writing: "An album quite unlike any other in the colorful Sonic Youth canon, "Bad Moon Rising" captures the New York band in 1985 during its most morose phase, one that is quite forbidding yet fascinating all the same." "Trouser Press" wrote that it " all the horrible beauty of a mushroom cloud on the horizon".
Accolades.
"Bad Moon Rising" ranked at number 42 in "Alternative Press"'s lists of the greatest albums of 1985–1995, surpassing "Daydream Nation".

</doc>
<doc id="19959073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959073" title="State-X">
State-X

State-X New Forms is an independent festival for independent music culture such as avant garde music, noise rock, indie rock, IDM, held in The Hague, Netherlands since 2004. The festival is a fusion of the two festivals State-X and New Forms both of which were held for 6 years. The first edition of the sold out State-X festival was organised by The Hague Pop Centre, (HPC), and took place in the year 2001 at The Korzo Theatre in The Hague. State-X was founded by Rob Vondracek and Michiel Breedveld and New Forms was organised by Paard van Troje and founded by Henk Koolen. 
Concept.
X-plore, X-plain & X-pect:
The vision of State-X New Forms festival can be enumerated in the trinity X-plore, X-plain and X-pect. X-plore stands for new developments in experimental popular music, X-plain stands for the background and influences that led us to here and X-pect stands for the expectations in experimental popular music for the future. The programmers of State-X New Forms are focusing on avant garde developments in popular music. A short summary of artists and bands that performed on State-X New Forms in past editions: Mono (Japanese band), Sonic Youth, Pere Ubu, Tortoise, Jamie Lidell, Plaid, Danielson, Chris Clark, Aphex Twin, Millionaire, The Locust.
2005.
Pere Ubu, The Locust, Broken Social Scene, Jan Jellinek, Aux Raus, Millionaire
2006.
Friday December 15:
Danielson, Darker, The Devastations, Dogdaze, Dream/Aktion Unit feat. Chris Corsano, Thurston Moore, Paul Flaherty, Matt Heyner & C. Spencer Yeh, HSSLHFF, Julie Mittens, Krustpunk Collectief, Paul Lebreque, Love Is All, Mono, My Cat Is An Alien, No-Neck Blues Band, Tomàn, Vincent Oliver, POW-Ensemble feat. Joseph Bowie, Rauberhöhle, Sedan Vault, Sonic Youth
Saturday December 16:
Aardvarck feat. DJ Cinnaman: Cult Copy live, Aavikko, Breakcore Tapdance Collective, Chap-a-tow, Circle, (Chris) Clark, Daan D-struct, Jimmy Edgar, Nathan Fake, La Peste, Labasheeda, Jamie Lidell feat. Visuals by Pablo Fiasco, Magic Markers, De Nieuwe Vrolijkheid, Mark One, Plastician, Ra-X feat. Film ‘Das Kabinett Des Doktor Caligari’, Uw Hypotheekadvies
2007.
Aphex Twin, The Bent Moustache, Break-Koor, Crunc Tesla, Enon, The Ex, Fear Falls Burning, Food For Animals, Getatchew Mekurya, Jackson and His Computer Band, James Blackshaw, Jesu, Kill, Kiss The Anus Of A Black Cat, Michael Gira, Mogwai, Moichido, Moshpit, Motorpsycho, Moving Ninja, Olafur Arnalds, Peal, Pornologic, Alice Rose, Rotator, Scout Niblett, Shining, Silvester Anfang, Solaire, Spires That In The Sunset Rise, Sunn 0))), The Strange Death of Liberal England, The Twilight Sad, Thor-ltD, Vrienden van Harlem, Wiley, Yobkiss
2008.
The fifth edition of State-X was from Friday December 12 until Saturday December 13. 
Red Snapper, Jack Rose, Rhys Chatham, Shit and Shine, Lau Nau, Soap & Skin, Jazzsteppa, Bonne Aparte, Banditos, Inferno, 2562, Antistrot, Black Dog, Bolide Akwardstra, Bruital Orgasm, Bumper, Church of Music, Edu-K, Faces: Tijdlus, DJ Hidden, Ignatz, The Message Is Love feat. Jammer, Badness and Mumdance, Lawn & Fries Symphonie Orkest, Midi Fanfare, Mugison, Peter Broderick, The Present, Soap & Skin, Sobchek, Steve Gunn, Subtitle, Technician, Tiger Counter of Drog Orkestar, Yuri Landman, Strotpodium ft. Vegan Drum Experience, Funky Martel Performance, Harry Merry, Dutch Dolls, GROK, Koekoeksclan, Kink FM X-Rated Café ft. DJ’s Bob & Spud, Skinnerbox & Organisms, DJ Nightmare, DJ Phil, Tovver, DJ Bas de Wit, DJ Jacques de la Disque 
The 2008 festival opened with the MIDI Fanfare: a cooperation between the FloPidiskkunstkollektieF, drum guru Lesley Strik and students from the Royal Conservatory and Royal Academy of Arts from The Hague. Laptops, keyboards and speakers were connected via Blue tooth (wireless) to form a mobile orchestra. The Church of Music preached music within the walls of the venues. Another act was the 3G-concept (Guitar Trio), performed by American artist Rhys Chatham. Chatham's line up consisted of 7 guitar players including himself. Other musicians where local Dutch guitar players among which Yuri Landman was also present. The second piece of G3 he played on his Moodswinger.
2009.
Merzbow, Battles, Daily Bread, Peaches, The Melvins, Machinist, Rolo Tomassi, Zeitkratzer Orchestra and others.
2010.
Borbetomagus, Darkstar, Filastine, Girl Unit, Hanggai, Hauschka, James Blake, Joker, Lee ‘Scratch’ Perry feat. Adrian Sherwood, Mount Kimbie, Pixelord, Rangda, The Pyramids, Datacore, Warsaw Village Band, Huoratron, Volcano the Bear, The New Earth Group & Rotterdams Symfonisch Blaasorkest, Thomas Ankersmit, GATE, N!euwe Supersolden, and others.
2011.
The Dodos, Micah P. Hinson, Tyondai Braxton, Jamie Woon, Buke & Gass, High Places, Omar Souleyman, Das Racist, Glenn Branca, Jad Fair & Gilles Reider, Yuri Landman Ensemble featuring Jad Fair, Lukas Simonis, Flying Lotus, Mushy, Cyndies and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19959084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959084" title="JS 7.62">
JS 7.62

The JS 7.62mm () is a bolt-action sniper rifle issued in small numbers to the People's Liberation Army, People's Armed Police and to Public Security Police forces. It's developed under the Jianshe Industries (Group) Corporation.
History.
The JS 7.62mm sniper rifle was designed in early 2003 to the need for a dedicated Sniper rifle that could place precision shots within a 800 meter range, using the 7.62mm round. The 7.62 JS sniper rifle variant project was designed simultaneously with the 12.7 JS anti-material sniper rifle. In the Beijing International Exhibition on Police Equipment held on May 2005, the exhibition showed the JS 7.62 sniper rifle after undergoing 8 months with field trails Feedback showed that the sniper rifle system allowed the 7.62mm round to penetrate a residential wall greater than 6mm, and showed high tolerance level with no malfunction throughout the 8 month field test.
Zouyi Hong was appointed to be the leading designer of the JS 7.62 sniper rifle.
Design details.
The JS 7.62mm Sniper Rifle uses the Russian 7.62×54mmR round, which is also used in the People's Liberation Army designated marksmen rifles Type 79 and Type 85. The JS 7.62 has a conventional design, holding a 5 round detachable box magazine forward to the hand grip. It uses a pistol grip design with safety selector located on the right, beside the bolt handle. Mostly made of high strength light aluminum alloy, it weighs at 5.5 kg without loaded magazine. Similar to most modern era sniper rifles, it utilizes a new triangular muzzle break design reducing recoil. An adjustable rubber cheek rest that allows elevation for user preference, and quick detachable scope mounting system on top of the barrel allowing x3 to x9 telescopic day and night sights. A Picatinny rail is mounted on the upper receiver, allowing the user to switch to any day/night telescope sight.
Emphasizing on accuracy, attention was paid to the smooth trigger pull, making the trigger pull shorter, lighter and smoother to increase accuracy. During several tests, it was found that the JS 7.62 shoots more accurately than the QBU-88.

</doc>
<doc id="19959098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959098" title="Križe, Tržič">
Križe, Tržič

Križe () is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to the Feast of the Holy Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19959111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959111" title="Albert Warburton">
Albert Warburton

Squire Albert Warburton (26 January 1856 – 24 November 1925) was an English footballer in the Victorian era, born in Oldham, Lancashire. "Squire" was not a title but his actual first name, although he was known by his middle name.
Warburton was the captain of the Blackburn Olympic team which defeated Old Etonians in the 1883 FA Cup Final played at Kennington Oval on 31 March 1883. This was the first occasion on which a working-class team from the north of England had won the cup, which had previously been won solely by teams of wealthy amateurs from London and the south. At a civic reception upon the team's return to Blackburn, Warburton famously proclaimed "The Cup is very welcome to Lancashire. It'll have a good home and it'll never go back to London."
In the match report in the Blackburn Times on 6 April 1883, Warburton was described as a "Master plumber; also pub landlord and poulterer". He was working as a publican at the time of the First World War. He died on 24 November 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19959114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959114" title="Leše, Tržič">
Leše, Tržič

Leše is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Leše was attested in written sources in 1040 as "silva que Leschahc nuncupator" (and as "predium Lêscah" in 1050–63, and "Loschach" and "Leschach" in 1498). The name is derived from the plural demonym "Lěščane", derived from the word "lěska" 'hazel'. The name thus originally means 'people living by the hazel grove'.
History.
During the Second World War, the school in Leše was burned by the Partisans in 1944. A new school was built after the war.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint James (). It dates from 1822 and contains paintings by Matija Bradaška (1852–1915).
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Leše, or with ancestry from Leše, include:

</doc>
<doc id="19959142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959142" title="Hlubi people">
Hlubi people

The Hlubi (or amaHlubi) are a South African ethnic group. For at least two centuries they have been a part of the Nguni, Mbo or Lala nation. They are found in the Republic of South Africa in the KwaZulu-Natal, Eastern Cape and North West provinces, with an original settlement on the Buffalo River.They also have readily traceable descendents in the modern-day Kingdom of Swaziland and the Matabeleland Region of The Republic of Zimbabwe. Very little has been documented about this nation but there is a lot of oral literature regarding the history of the amaHlubi nation. The amaHlubi originated further North and migrated southwards with the other Nguni groups of the time.
They settled in the Lubombo mountains, a range that extends from Zululand to the Swaziland-Mozambique border. They migrated southwards to Natal. In the Lubombo mountains they separated from the group now known as the amaSwati. The amaHlubi are closely related to the Basotho, evident both in language and clan names. Traditionally amaHlubi kings preferred to marry Sotho girls as they saw them as their close relatives.
The amaHlubi people maintain that they are a different entity from all other groups in South Africa, Swaziland, Zimbabwe, Lesotho and in Africa generally, though there is a section of people closely related them known as Bashubi in Rwanda and Burundi. They are found also in places like Lesotho. They have secret female initiation rituals, and other customs that separate them from the Nguni in general.
The origin of the name "Hlubi" is not known. Some historians speculate that this was the name of a Hlubi princess who was a daughter to King Dlamini. Others argue that this was a name of one of the early Hlubi rulers although the name of this said King does not appear in their list of kings. The word does exist in Congo, Rwanda, Tanzania known as "Shubi".
History.
In the early nineteenth century, the amaHlubi were a powerful nation in Southern central Natal, and many other nations, including Shaka's amaZulu, kept peace treaties with them. Around 1818 the Ngwane chief Matiwane, during his campaign against Dingiswayo and Shaka, petitioned Mthimkhulu, King of the Hlubi group nearest his own kingdom, to protect his herds of cattle. Mthimkhulu agreed, but later refused to return them, as he was a Zulu subject as Shaka had a permanent Hlubi battalion called iziYendane because of their long hair. Many Zulu groups were originally independent, much like the Hlubi, but it cannot be doubted that during Shaka's reign at least those who did not toe the line fled or left the area of Shaka's territorial sphere of influence. For example, the Khumalos and Mthethwas were once the most powerful nations in Southern Africa.
When the Mfecane wars started some of King Bhungane's brothers like those who were also chiefs in the Hlubiland now, in Natal took a section of people under them and fled. Chief Sondezi, who was Bhungane's brother relocated to the Vaal River (eGwa/Lekoa/liGwa). Chief Ngalonkulu, who was a brother to King Mthimkhulu also fled to the Vaal to live near his brother where they could form a strong ally against the people that were already occupying that land. Luzipho was Mthimkhulu's son went to settle in Standerton. 
Other Hlubi chiefs went to settle in the east of Drakensberg Mountains where Shaka was the prime ruler. Names of those chiefs are as follows: Mananga, Mndebele and Ntambama. Others fled to the East Griqualand (now incorporated to the Eastern Cape province ). Chief Mhlambiso, Magadla and Ludidi went to the transkei homeland and built a very strong Hlubi nation that was never bothered by the Basotho, Xhosa, Mpondomise, Mpondo, and Bhaca peoples that were living in that land prior their arrival. The latter group resided in the Northern part of the Eastern Cape and is the one that is still the area together with the Basotho people they live cohesively and in harmony. This may have been caused because Moshoeshoe I (the founder of the Basotho nation) had a Hlubi great-grandfather.
Although this dispersion explains why there are so many Hlubi chiefs spread disparately throughout Southern Africa, all paying allegiance to King Langalibalele II, who is headquartered in Estcourt, Natal, it is worth noting that the "Mthimkhulu" clan of Zimbabwe does not command a chieftaincy in Matabeleland, although they stand out as a proud, influential and cohesive group with immediate links to their origins in South Africa (and Swaziland).
In the early 1820s the Hlubis (under Mpangazita) and Batlokwa conducted a campaign that ravaged land now in the Free State, mostly fighting Basotho. Over the course of the next few decades, however, Hlubi land was conquered by the British and mostly incorporated into the Colony of Natal.
In the early 1870s the Hlubi King Langalibalele was arrested by the British after his subjects failed to register arms that they got as a form of payment from owners of diamond mines. He did this because those who registered their arms found that they had been tampered with or they were not working at all when they collected them. There was a rumour in Natal that Langalibalele and his men were preparing for a civil war against the British. All this happened because the Hlubi's were prospering as small farmers and their wealth was multiplying at an unprecedented rate and the white farmers in the area felt amaHlubi were being a threat on their income. After a skirmish with British soldiers and some African men who helped the British, King Langalibalele was arrested in 1873 while fleeing to Lesotho and his successors were never officially returned to throne. King Cetshwayo of the allied Zulus visited and pleaded with the Natal government to release King Langalibalele. The British did not comply. Langalibalele died under house arrest in 1879 and received a king's burial at the foothills of the Drankensberg.
Norman Herd wrote that: “History records are inescapably dominated by the dramatic exploits of the Zulu. Yet the amaHlubi, one of the largest perhaps the largest of the eMbo had had their hour of greatness...at the beginning of the Nineteenth century the Zulus were a tiny insignificant clan and from their social pinnacle the amaHlubi could look down upon them as despised tobacco-sellers.”
King Dingiswayo of the Mthethwa confederation fled to King Bhungane to seek shelter when running away from his father's spear. King Bhungane as a well-known rain-maker and traditionalist passed his skills to Dingiswayo, who later used these skills to reclaim the throne when he returned to his people. This must have been the reason why Shaka, who grew under Dingiswayo's mentorship, never dared to attack amaHlubi though they were just a stone's throw away from his Zulu people. He always kept peace with amaHlubi and sought their advice on several military issues and is known to have asked for the help of their rain-making and traditional war medicine skills when going for a war. It is for this knowledge of traditional medicines and rain-making skills that amaHlubi were renowned as the "Mthimkhulu" clan. The name Mthimkhulu, is a conjugation of two Zulu words: "Umuthi" and "Omkhulu", which when taken collectively, translate to "Profound Medicine Portion(s)".
The British government has returned the royal garments and chairs that it took from the Hlubi upon arresting their king in a big traditional gathering that was held in Ntabamhlophe in Natal.
Along with several other groups, the amaHlubi have lodged a request with the Nhlapho Commission (now known as the Moleketi Commission) to make a claim about the recognition of their king on a national level. They have also been involved on a massive drive to revive their heritage including the revival of their language. Their culture has been largely neglected by national heritage drives, in part because they are often seen as a subgroup of the Xhosa, Sotho and Zulu nations.
Hlubi kings.
Below is a traditional estimation of the Hlubi Kings that ruled from 1300 until now. Note that Hlubi history comes mainly from oral sources and the dates below should not be taken as historically accurate.
The current ruler of the nation is Muziwenkosi kaTatazela, who is officially known as King Langalibalele II. The Hlubi royal home is in Mtshezi (Estcourt) in what is today known as KwaZulu Natal. Hlubis are now found throughout South Africa, Swaziland and Zimbabwe. There are Hlubi communities in the Eastern Cape (Matatiele, Mt Fletcher, Tsolo, Qumbu, Maclear, Mt Frere, Mount Ayliff, Sterkspruit), Kwazulu Natal (Ixopo, Mzimkhulu, Escourt, Madadeni, Utrech etc.), North West, Swaziland, some settlements in Lesotho and very small pockets in Lupane and Bubi Districts of Zimbabwe (i.e. Ntabazinduna and Fingoe sub-Districts of Bubi).
Language.
The amaHlubi speak a dialect of or closely related to Swazi, one of the Tekela languages in the Nguni branch of the Niger–Congo language family.
The Hlubi dialect is endangered, and most Hlubi speakers are elderly and illiterate. There are attempts by Hlubi intellectuals to revive the language and make it one of the eleven recognised languages in South Africa. Younger generations tend to speak Xhosa or Zulu.
Customs.
Umkhosi Wokweshwama.
King Langalibalele I continued the age old amaHlubi tradition of Umkhosi wokweshwama (ceremony of tasting the first fruits) that is done annually when he returned to Natal with his people. This ceremony was also practised by King Bhungane who used it to strengthen his powers using traditional medicine, during this ceremony he also gave orders that crops and vegetables like maize could be eaten or traded. Hlubi's from all over S.A that left their traditional home would return for thye festival. There would be a slaughter of many stock for the festives and people would be allowed to have as much food and traditional beer as they like. This time was important for the king to be updated on new developments about several amaHlubi people spread across the entire country. This was a perfect time to resolve disputes and decide on matters relating to royalty.
These days amaHlubi perform this ceremony to get to know each as they also come from different parts of the country. Issues like HIV/AIDS, Moral regeneration, importance of history, visiting the King's grave on the Giant's Castle Game Reserve in NtabaMhlophe are part of the celebrations. This is an important ceremony to all members of this nation as they get to learn more about their nation and appreciate their culture in a formal way. They also wear their traditional dresses and carry traditional Hlubi weaponry.
Clans.
In the book "Clans of the Hlubi People" published by Henry Masila Ndawo (Iziduko zesizwe samaHlubi, Lovedale Press, 1939), he recorded a minimum of 55 clans that belong to the Hlubi nation. There are many other clans that have joined the Hlubi kingdom since the book was first published.
It was quite common in the early days of African history that weaker ethnic groups would seek protection from the stronger nation/group, or sections of a nation (during internal feuds) would break away and join another. Sometimes the stronger group would in pursuit of wealth attack a weaker/smaller group/clan. Another common practice was when a princess came to marry a king; members of her people, who would often never return home, would
accompany her. In all these instances, the incorporated people would pay respect and show allegiance to the
supreme ruler.

</doc>
<doc id="19959143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959143" title="Loka, Tržič">
Loka, Tržič

Loka is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19959147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959147" title="Thomas Hawkins (geologist)">
Thomas Hawkins (geologist)

Thomas Hawkins (1810–1889) was an English fossil collector and dealer especially of Ichthyosaurs and Plesiosaurs.
He lived in Glastonbury. Hawkins paid for fossils exposed by erosion at Lyme Regis on the Dorset Coast, and quarrymen at inland quarries at Street and Edgarley in Somerset. He also collected geological specimens on the Isle of Wight.
His early collection was sold to the Natural History Museum for £3,000. Hawkins published a number of texts between the 1830s and 1850s. The two best known are "Memoirs of Icthyosaurii and Plesiosaurii" (1835) and "The Book of the Great Sea Dragons" - full title "The book of the great sea-dragons, Ichthyosauri and Plesiosauri, taninim gedolim taninim, of Moses. Extinct monsters of the ancient earth. With thirty plates, copied from skeletons in the author's collection of fossil organic remains, (deposited in the British museum.)" (London, W. Pickering, 1840).
He is buried in Ventnor on the Isle of Wight. Hawkins was a Fellow of the Geological Society of London.

</doc>
<doc id="19959178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959178" title="SD Barreda Balompié">
SD Barreda Balompié

Sociedad Deportiva Barreda Balompié is a football team based in Barreda, Torrelavega in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1917, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 3. The club's home ground is "Solvay", which has a capacity of 5,100 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19959179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959179" title="Falc">
Falc

Falc S.p.A. is an Italian footwear manufacturer founded in Civitanova Marche (MC) in 1974.
The name Falc derives from ‘Falchetti’, an historical name by which the inhabitants of the upper part of the town were known.
The "Falcotto" line of shoes, created for children who crawl and toddlers, was introduced by Falc in 1982.
Six years later in 1988, this company of Marche Region launched the "Naturino" line on the market whose characterising features are the ‘sand effect’ system and a slip-out insole.
In 1989 Falc acquired the Moschino license for children’s footwear.
Falc entered the field of footwear for adults in 2005 when it introduced the "Moschino’s" Men’s collection and presented the "Voile Blanche" unisex line.
Today, Falc produces more than 2 million pairs of shoes a year and in recent years the company has opened 5000 sales outlets, 50 exclusive stores, factories in different countries and branch offices in the United States, Canada, Singapore, China, France and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19959197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959197" title="Minuscule 876 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 876 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 876 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) α 356 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 282 parchment leaves (15.5 cm by 11 cm). It is dated paleographically to the 12th century. Formerly it was labelled by 224a and 279p. Scrivener labelled it by 221a.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles. The text is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page in minuscule letters. It contains some interesting lectionary markings at the margin, subscriptions at the end of each sacred book, numbers of στιχοι, and images. 
The text of Hebrews 10:15-11:7 was supplied by a later hand on the paper.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland did not place it in any Category.
History.
The manuscript was purchased by Baroness Burdett-Coutts (1814–1906), a philanthropist, along with other Greek manuscripts (among them Lectionary 214-227). The manuscript was presented by Burdett-Coutts to Sir Roger Cholmely's School, and was housed at the Highgate (Burdett-Coutts III. 37), in London. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886. Formerly it was labelled by 224a and 279p. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 876 to it.
In 1922 it was acquired for the University of Michigan. The manuscript was described by K. W. Clark.
The manuscript was digitized by the CSNTM in 2008.
The codex is housed in University of Michigan (Ms. 16), in Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="19959198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959198" title="Fee (band)">
Fee (band)

Fee was a Christian rock and Contemporary worship music band from Alpharetta, Georgia, United States named for the group's founder and front-man Steve Fee. Fee is most known for their hit single, "All Because of Jesus", which peaked at No. 2 on "Billboard"'s Hot Christian AC Chart, and at No. 4 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
History.
In January 2007 Fee released their second independent record, "Burn For You".
"We Shine".
On September 25, 2007, Fee released their major-label debut under the name Fee titled "We Shine" with INO Records.
"Hope Rising".
In December 2008, Fee went back to the studio to begin production on their third studio album. The new album, titled "Hope Rising", was released on October 6, 2009.
Breakup.
In April 2010, they stopped playing shows, canceled their upcoming tour, and halted their regular updates of their website. No official announcement explaining this was made. The group has since disbanded and their website has been taken down. Since then, both the band and Steve Fee have been dropped from their label, INO Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19959200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959200" title="Henrique de Barros">
Henrique de Barros

Henrique Teixeira de Queirós de Barros (Coimbra, 7 October 1904 - 21 August 2000), was a Portuguese politician.
Background.
He was a son of João de Barros and wife Raquel Teixeira de Queirós, and a paternal grandson of the 1st Viscount of a Marinha Grande, of whom he was the representative. He was, ironically, a brother in law of Marcelo Caetano, the Prime Minister of Portugal during the final years of the Dictatorship.
Career.
He was a Licentiate in Agricultural Economics from the Instituto Superior de Agronomia of the University of Lisbon, and from there he developed an intense activity as a Pedagogue and an Investigator.
Since a young age being an oppositioner to the dictatorial regime of Estado Novo, he joined the Movimento de Unidade Democrática (MUD) in 1945. He joined the Socialist Party in 1974 and a year later in 1975 he was elected a Deputy to the Constituent Assembly, of which he became the 1st and only President from 3 June 1975 to 2 April 1976. With this his name got permanently connected with the Constitution of Portugal of 1976.
He then was Minister of State of the 1st Constitutional Government and a Member of the Portuguese Council of State.
In 1981 he disconnected from PS and, from 1985, he started collaborating with the Democratic Renovator Party (PRD).
Family.
He married Luísa de Morais Sarmento, from an ancient noble family of Trás os Montes e Alto Douro, without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19959211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959211" title="Armée de la Loire">
Armée de la Loire

The Armée de la Loire was a French army of the Franco-Prussian War. It was formed in October 1870 by Léon Gambetta, interior minister and minister for war in the Government of National Defence, then taking refuge in Tours after the French defeat at Sedan on 2 September 1870 had destroyed the Imperial field army. The newly raised force was formed out of francs-tireurs (volunteer irregulars), provincial "Gardes Mobiles" (territorials), naval forces, zouaves and tirailleurs from Algeria, plus regular soldiers in depots and reservists. Together these diverse units formed the 15th army corps under Joseph Édouard de la Motte Rouge. Apart from the North African units, the Army had few officers with fighting experience, insufficient artillery, and its troops were under-trained. It fought at the Battle of Orléans (1870) and Battle of Le Mans (1871) and was dissolved on 14 March 1871.
October and November 1870.
On 10 October, at Artenay (Loiret), the armée de la Loire unsuccessfully met the first Bavarian Korps under general von der Thann, protecting the south flank of the German forces besieging Paris. The Armée had to abandon Orléans on 11 October and Léon Gambetta sacked La Motte-Rouge and replaced him with general Louis d'Aurelle de Paladines, who set up base in Salbris, in Sologne. The Armée's 70,000 men and 150 guns reinforced the 16th corps of general Antoine Chanzy and of 17th corps under Louis-Gaston de Sonis. It beat the Bavarians at Coulmiers (Loiret) on 9 November and retook Orléans, but the Bavarians were reinforced by Frederick Francis of Mecklenburg-Schwerin who had besieged Toul and later by the contingents of prince Frederick Charles of Prussia, made available by the surrender of marshal Bazaine at Metz (27 October).
Gambetta reinforced the armée de la Loire with the 18th army corps of general Billot and 20th corps of General Crouzat. These were beaten on 28 November at Beaune-la-Rolande (Loiret) by the Prussians and fell back on Orléans. On 1 and 2 December, 16th and 17th corps were the victors at Villepion and Terminiers (1 December, against forces led by Prince Leopold of Bavaria) but beaten at Loigny (2 December). Orléans was re-taken by the Germans on 4 December in the Second Battle of Orléans.
Reorganisation 5 December 1870.
After the defeat at Loigny and the reoccupation of Orléans by the Germans on 4 December, the armée de la Loire found itself separated into two groups. Gambetta thus decided to reorganise its troops into two armées and to dismiss general d'Aurelle de Paladines. One part - regrouping 15th, 18th and 20th corps to form the armée de l'Est, under general Bourbaki - was based at Gien and Salbris in order to send help to Belfort then resisting the Germans. 
The other part, 16th and 17th corps, commanded by Chanzy, set up base in Beaugency and thus became the second armée de la Loire. To it were also added the 19,000 poorly-equipped troops left over from the closure of Camp Conlie in December 1870. It met the Prussians at Josnes and Villarceaux on 7 and 8 December, at Beaugency on 8-10 December, then at Fréteval and Château-du-Loir (Sarthe) on 14 and 15 December. Although reinforced by 21st corps under general Jaurès, it lost the battle of Le Mans to the southwest of Le Mans on 11 and 12 January 1871, with 7,000 of its troops dead or wounded, 22,000 captured and 50,000 deserters. The battles continued at Sillé-le-Guillaume (Sarthe) on 15 January and at Saint-Mélaine on 18 January. The armée thus retrenched behind the River Mayenne until the armistice signed by the provisional government on 28 January 1871. On 14 March 1871 the Armée was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19959235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959235" title="Mississippi map turtle">
Mississippi map turtle

The Mississippi map turtle "(Graptemys pseudogeographica kohni)" is a subspecies of emydid turtle endemic to the central United States.
Etymology.
It derives its common name not from the state of Mississippi, but rather from the Mississippi River. The specific name, "kohni", is in honor of Gustave Kohn of New Orleans, Louisiana, who collected the type specimen.
Geographic range.
It is found along the Mississippi River and its tributaries, from Illinois and Missouri southward.
Description.
Females are considerably larger than males, the adult male being 3.5 to 5 inches (about 9 to 13 cm) in carapace length, and the adult female from 6 to 10 inches (about 15 to 25 cm) in carapace length. Males have a leaner look, more like juveniles, but females have a larger, bulkier build.
Captivity.
It is a popular pet for aquarists and is very enjoyable to watch.

</doc>
<doc id="19959254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959254" title="2009 Masters (snooker)">
2009 Masters (snooker)

The 2009 Masters professional non-ranking snooker tournament took place between 11–18 January 2009 at the Wembley Arena, London, England. 
Ronnie O'Sullivan won the tournament, beating defending champion Mark Selby 10–8 in the final.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Wild card round.
In the preliminary round, the wildcard players plays the 15th and 16th seeds.
Qualifying.
The 2008 Masters Qualifying Event was held between 21–26 November 2009 at the English Institute of Sport in Sheffield. The winner was awarded with a wild card to the 2009 Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="19959256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959256" title="Ryan Vena">
Ryan Vena

Ryan Vena is an American Arena Football quarterback who currently a free agent. Vena attended Colgate University in Hamilton, New York and graduated in 2000. Vena started his career in arena football in 2002.He currently has over 500 career touchdowns as of Friday April 23, 2010 reported on NFL network .His best years were with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Pioneers. With the AFL moving to an 18 game schedule, Vena was added to the Philadelphia Soul roster to back up starting quarterback Justin Allgood.
College career.
Ryan finished his career as the Colgate and Patriot League's all-time leader in total offense with 9,435 yards. He was the first Patriot League quarterback to pass for over 7,000 yards and rush for over 2,000.
The holder of 13 Colgate records in total offense and passing, he led Colgate to three straight appearances in the NCAA Division I-AA playoffs, and four straight winning seasons.
In 2011, Ryan was named to the 25th Anniversary All-Patriot League Team as the only Quarterback selected. And in 2008, Ryan was added to Colgate's Hall of Fame.
Columbus Destroyers.
Vena began his AFL career with the Columbus Destroyers in 2004. Vena was the Destroyers primary quarterback, throwing 3,081 passes, 57 touchdowns, and 10 interceptions, but Columbus finished the season 6-10. In 2005, he returned to the Destroyers, but lost his starting position to Matt D'Orazio.
Albany Conquest.
After the 2005 season, Vena moved to the af2, playing for the Albany Conquest. 
Vena had his most success playing for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Pioneers from 2007 to 2009. During that time, the Pioneers played in ArenaCup VIII and ArenaCup X, but lost both times. During the regular season, the Pioneers went 41-7. In 2007, Vena was named MVP of the ArenaCup even though he lost.
Iowa Barnstormers.
From 2006 to 2009, Vena played in the af2. When the Arena Football League returned in 2010, Vena was a member of the Iowa Barnstormers. The Barnstormers began the year with Brian Villanueva. But in the first game of the year against the Chicago Rush, Villanueva threw three interceptions without a touchdown, and Vena came in as a replacement. He started the rest of the season, throwing 3,924 yards, 78 touchdowns, and 23 interceptions.
Philadelphia Soul.
In 2011, Vena moved to the Philadelphia Soul and once again began the year as the backup behind Justin Allgood. But after the Soul started the year 1-3, Vena replaced Allgood as the team's starter. 
External links.
Official website - http://www.ryan7vena.com

</doc>
<doc id="19959258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959258" title="Network in Canadian History and Environment">
Network in Canadian History and Environment

The Network in Canadian History and Environment (NiCHE) based at the University of Western Ontario was established in 2004 as a confederation of scholars working in the field of Canadian environmental history and Canadian-based scholars working in the fields of historical geography and environmental history, but focused on other regions of the world.
The network has over 400 members, primarily researchers in the fields of history, geography, and the humanities.
Mission.
The NiCHE website describes the network's mission: "Understanding today's environment demands a clear understanding of its past. Unless environmental matters are studied in their historical context, there can be no measurement of relative change. NiCHE is a confederation of researchers and educators who work at the intersection of nature and history, seeking to provide that context. NiCHE acts to help make that work more available to fellow researchers, policy makers and the Canadian public."
Natural scientists and policymakers need access to environmental history research so that they can make informed decisions about current and future practices. NiCHE seeks to provide historical context of environmental issues and to promote dialogue between researchers of different disciplines as well as with policymakers. Just as importantly, NiCHE is committed to engaging with the broader public, working to preserve and interpret Canada's past for the benefit of all Canadians.
Activities.
Web Space
The NiCHE Digital Infrastructure project provides a space on the web to members in need of a way to disseminate their research. The NiCHE website hosts a number of blogs in English and French that make Canadian environmental history more accessible to the wider public. NiCHE also works to adopt, digitizes and publicizes research databases. NiCHE can also digitize and present illustrations, maps and other materials complementary to print publications.
Networking
NiCHE sponsors numerous events on local, regional, national and global scales to help build a strong network of Canadian environmental historians. Numerous regional networks exist within the NiCHE structure. Moreover, NiCHE facilitates communication with a wide variety of organizations interested in Canadian nature and history. NiCHE also works with the American Society for Environmental History and the European Society of Environmental History to help build a global network of researchers. To this end, NiCHE co-sponsored the first World Congress of Environmental History held in Copenhagen in 2009. Finally, the NiCHE New Scholar's committee uses Skype and other free online resources to run online events, including monthly writing support groups and an annual virtual conference called Place and Placelessness.
Podcast
NiCHE sponsors a monthly audio podcast called . Sean Kheraj, a new professor in the history department at York University, interviews Canadian environmental historians and historical geographers and helps mobilize their research beyond the limited orbit of academic publishing.
Projects
Each fall, NiCHE holds a "Call for Projects", with funding for new, one-time projects. NiCHE looks to support innovative projects that mobilize or disseminate Canadian environmental history.
Funding.
In 2007, NiCHE was awarded a Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada Strategic Knowledge Clusters grant, giving it stable funding through 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19959272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959272" title="Rhode Island (disambiguation)">
Rhode Island (disambiguation)

Rhode Island is a state in the United States.
Rhode Island may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19959282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959282" title="CD Bezana">
CD Bezana

Centro Deportivo Bezana is a Spanish football team based in Santa Cruz de Bezana, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1970 it plays in Tercera División – Group 3, holding home games at "Campo de Fútbol Municipal de Bezana", which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19959286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959286" title="WLWM">
WLWM

WLWM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19959289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959289" title="Lucas North">
Lucas North

Lucas North, formerly known as John Bateman, is a fictional character from the BBC espionage television series "Spooks" (known in the United States as "MI5"), which follows the exploits of Section D, a counter-terrorism division of MI5. North is portrayed by British actor Richard Armitage. The character is introduced in "Spooks" seventh series as the former head of Section D, who was captured and imprisoned during an operation in Russia. He returns to the UK after eight years and is eventually reinstated into MI5. He is described as having once been the best in his field, and he is now trying to regain his former brilliance.
Lucas North is a main character in the seventh, eighth, and ninth series; the ninth series reveals that Lucas "isn't who you think he is." Following the creation of the character by the show's writers, Armitage was chosen early in the casting process, since the producers believed he could carry the mystery of the character. A tentative viewer of "Spooks", he was approached for the role following the completion of the second series of "Robin Hood", in which he portrayed series regular Sir Guy of Gisbourne. After agreeing to appear in "Spooks", Armitage learned how to speak fluent Russian and lost a stone in weight in order to fit the description of his character.
With regard to the show's notorious habit of killing off major characters, Armitage said he had no preference as to Lucas' possible exit. He has performed his own stunts on the series, which have included a waterboarding scene, although the character becomes less physical in the ninth series. The Lucas North character and his portrayal by Armitage met with unanimous praise from cast, crew, and reviewers.
Role in "Spooks".
Character arc.
Born John Bateman, the character later known as North was raised in rural Cumbria, where his father was a Methodist minister. During his time at Leeds University he lived with Maya Lahan (Laila Rouass). While enrolled at Leeds he visited Dakar, Senegal, where he engaged in shipping cannabis to Hamburg in exchange for money. When he was caught the authorities took the shipment and his money, stranding him in Dakar. To gain enough money to get back to the UK, he worked in a casino. While working there John Bateman was approached by Vaughn Edwards (Iain Glen), who persuaded him to deliver packages for him. One of the packages delivered by Bateman was a bomb that exploded at a British Embassy, killing 17 people. To escape the country Bateman killed a friend of his named Lucas North. North had just made it past the first battery of tests for admission to MI5. Bateman assumed North's identity and left Maya behind. Bateman/North would later suppress these memories, believing that Vaughn was solely responsible for the bombing and for his friend's death. He would later join MI5 in place of the real Lucas North and become head of Section D. He was also once married to Elizabeta Starkova (Paloma Baeza). During an operation in Russia, Lucas North was captured and imprisoned for eight years, during which time he was often subjected to torture.
In the seventh series, Harry Pearce (Peter Firth) is able to secure Lucas' release from prison in exchange for a Russian spy imprisoned in the UK. However, Arkady Kachimov (Stuart Wilson) coerces Lucas to work against MI5, to assist Russia in launching a cyber attack against the UK. In the first episode, Lucas aids section chief Adam Carter (Rupert Penry-Jones) in rescuing a kidnapped soldier and preventing the bombing of a Remembrance Day memorial service; the rescue results in Adam's death. In the second episode, the team begins to suspect Lucas of working for the Russians, but he later reveals that he is actually trying to stop Arkady and the attack; the team succeeds in stopping the attack and apprehends Arkady. Following Adam's death, Lucas is re-assigned as Senior Case Officer, and handles Adam's assets. In the third episode, Lucas recalls being tortured and asked for details of "Sugar Horse", a top secret MI5 operation involving the recruitment of Russians who move into top positions in the Russian government. In the penultimate episode, Harry orders Lucas to Moscow to uncover the identity of a Federal Security Service (FSB) mole in MI5 who is sabotaging Sugar Horse and framing Harry. There, Lucas discovers that Connie James (Gemma Jones) is the mole. In the season finale, Section D learns that operation "Tiresias", the Russian equivalent of Sugar Horse, is going to detonate a nuclear bomb in London. Lucas and Ros Myers (Hermione Norris) save Connie from the authorities in order to enlist her help in stopping the attack. After finding the bomb, Connie disarms it, Lucas asks her who sold him out to the Russians and she admits it was her with her final words but she dies in the process as the bomb goes off seconds later.
In the fourth episode of the eighth series, Oleg Darshavin, who had been one of Lucas's interrogators in Russia, approaches him for help in stopping a planned bombing by Sudanese extremists; Lucas takes the case despite Harry's suspicion that he developed Stockholm syndrome during his captivity. Harry's suspicions are solidified when Lucas goes off-piste, but ultimately, Lucas is able to bring Darshavin in and takes him into FSB custody after uncovering his involvement in the plot, while Ros stops the bomb. During the same series, Lucas conducts an affair with CIA liaison Sarah Caufield (Genevieve O'Reilly), who is later revealed to be an operative of "Nightingale", a multinational shadow organisation bent on a New World Order. When he discovers this and confronts Sarah about her involvement, she flees. She returns in the series eight finale, and before she is assassinated, she reveals that Nightingale is attempting to provoke a nuclear war between India and Pakistan. In the end, Lucas and Ros go to a hotel rigged to explode, set up by Nightingale, to save Pakistan President Mudasser and Home Secretary Andrew Lawrence before the building explodes; Lucas rescues Mudasser, who calls off the impending war, but Ros is killed in the explosion before she can get Lawrence to safety.
In the ninth series, Harry reinstates Lucas as chief of Section D; this makes Lucas responsible for the integration of two new team members into the section, Beth Bailey (Sophia Myles) and Dimitri Levendis (Max Brown). Vaughn returns and hands Lucas a briefcase with possessions from his life before MI5, including photographs of him and Maya Lahan . When he visits her, however, she is so shocked at his reappearance and angry over his letting her believe him dead that at first she wants nothing to do with him. Later, Vaughn promises to leave Lucas alone in exchange for an MI5 file on "Albany"; Lucas eventually hands him what he believes is the file. Believing he is free from Vaughn, Lucas persuades Maya to restart their relationship. However, it is revealed the file was not Albany, though it leads to the location of the actual file. Vaughn forces Lucas to find the file, which is in the possession of former Section D member Malcolm Wynn-Jones (Hugh Simon). After convincing Malcolm to give him the file, Lucas hands it over to Vaughn, but it is soon discovered that this file, too, is a fake, and Malcolm has abandoned the house where he and Lucas had met. To force Lucas to continue seeking the file hand Vaughn kidnaps Maya. By this time, Harry Pierce has discovered that Lucas is not who he claims to be. Arrested and questioned, Lucas admits his true identity and his past, but convinces Harry to save Maya. A mortally wounded Vaughn is able to "wake up" Lucas' true persona, who he was before MI5. Believing Harry may not honour the deal they have worked out, Lucas intends to leave the country after getting his hands on the Albany file. The file is revealed to contain directions for building a genetic weapon that Vaughn has agreed to sell to the Chinese. After Lucas acquires the real file from Harry in exchange for team member Ruth Evershed, whom he has kidnapped, Maya is killed while he is trying to escape with her. He delivers the file to the Chinese agents anyway and intends to kill Harry for revenge. During their roof-top confrontation, Lucas learns that Albany is an elaborate deception; the genetic weapon is unworkable. Lucas then forces Harry to turn around, as if he is about to execute him. Instead, Lucas throws himself from the roof, to his death.
Characteristics and relationships.
Lucas North appears to be a person divided between who he was prior to his incarceration and who he has become since. Richard Armitage has described Lucas as "very ambiguous, but quite open with everybody" and "a bit of a double-edged sword, so he's not completely white. He's a bit of a dark horse." He is also described as having "no knowledge of how damaged he is emotionally, until memories start to work their way to the surface." Following his release from prison, glimpses of him adjusting to the outside world—such as a scene in episode two in which Lucas lies on the floor rather than in a bed in order to sleep—reveal to the audience how much he is struggling, though he keeps it hidden from his teammates. Lucas also fights very hard to be accepted and to regain Harry's trust, but he does not always play by the rules. In the series seven finale, Lucas admits to having blamed Harry for his
ordeal. However, in series nine, Lucas also believed he deserved being tortured, as penance for bombing the British Embassy in Dakar.
Lucas is an admirer of English poet and painter William Blake; Elizabeta reveals that Lucas' admiration of Blake is based on their common distrust of systems. Lucas decorates his flat with some of Blake's paintings, and has a chest tattoo resembling The Ancient of Days, one of Blake's watercolour paintings. Though no longer married to Elizabeta, he maintains strong feelings towards her throughout the first half of series seven.
The eighth series sees the return of Oleg Darshavin, one of Lucas's former interrogators during his imprisonment. During his interrogations, Lucas had developed Stockholm syndrome, and his interrogator had managed to deconstruct him almost to the point of being turned and wanting to die. Lucas also becomes involved with CIA liaison officer Sarah Caufield. The initial power struggle between them ends up in a "torrid love affair," which is monitored by the team. When Ruth Evershed (Nicola Walker) returns in the series, Lucas "really takes control of her position", in a similar manner to Harry and Ros's actions during Lucas's return. Armitage described Lucas's friendship with Ros as a "good combo"; while Lucas likes to play the "maverick" with "all guns blazing" Ros would "slip around the back and silently slit a throat."
Following Ros's death in the series eight finale, Lucas "sees the team's been slightly shattered by it" and responds by "trying to pull the team together and aiming to be a strong figure for Harry." The ninth series reveals a dark secret in Lucas's past that will lead to the "ultimate betrayal." Armitage revealed that Lucas "isn't quite who you think he is." It sees the introduction of a character named Maya, played by Laila Rouass, who is Lucas's old flame and possible first love; she is involved in Lucas's secret. Lucas states that Maya means more to him than his job and reputation. Vaughn would use Maya as a way of controlling him. Armitage also revealed Lucas goes off the radar "quite a lot this series" and behaves "quite strangely."
Conceptual history.
Creation and casting.
The character of Lucas North and his background was first revealed in March 2008, shortly after filming the seventh series began. The producers wanted to create a new character to be a part of the team. They came up with a "new heroic figure" that they wanted to "put as much distance between previous hero," Adam Carter. The producers focused on Richard Armitage early into the casting suggestions, because they felt he could carry the mystery of Lucas North. Writer Neil Cross felt that Armitage would bring the entire tortured history of North on screen.
The producers approached Armitage in November 2007, following the completion of the second series of "Robin Hood", for which he played the regular part of Sir Guy of Gisbourne. Though interested in appearing on "Spooks", he was initially somewhat worried and hesitant to join the series, citing replacing Rupert Penry-Jones, which he thought was a "tall order," and fears of bringing the series down. He agreed to appear on the series upon reading the rough outline of the script. He and the producers discussed about the potential and direction for the character, as well as where he would fit in the world of "Spooks". A tentative viewer of the "Spooks", he spent two days catching up on the series before starting.
Development.
To research for his role, Armitage read novels from authors including John le Carré, Frederick Forsyth and Robert Ludlum. He tried to inspire his acting style for Lucas by Jason Bourne, a character created by Ludlum. He also lost a stone in weight in order to keep with the description that Lucas is malnourished, but also had to keep physically fit in order to perform a fight sequence during his first week of filming. Since Lucas is a fluent Russian speaker, Armitage had to learn it phonetically, which he found "pretty impossible." He originally tried to learn it from a disc, but found it too basic and had since moved on to a language coach.
Though interested, yet frustrated about the writing style and not knowing what is going to happen next, upon starting, Armitage was told by co-star Peter Firth to learn to run with it, as well as learn the lines and political jargon quickly. He also thought the scripts are "quite a workout for the brain." Armitage was also coached on his "serious face" and the ""Spooks" lean" by Rupert Penry-Jones. The numerous tattoos on Lucas's torso were actually transfers planted on Armitage, and took a couple of hours to apply. However, he was often told not to move much, as they could rub off quite easily. Armitage was also one of only two actors, along with Hermione Norris, who plays Ros Myers, who went to Moscow, Russia in the series' first overseas shoot in August 2008.
When questioned regarding "Spooks's" notoriety of killing off main characters, and the chances of Lucas meeting his demise, Armitage stated;
Armitage believes that when it is Lucas's turn to leave the series, he would "leave in style," and has no preference how he would exit, whether "sending Lucas to Manchester or severing his head," he believes the producers would owe him a "brilliant exit." In an interview with Lorraine Kelly on "GMTV" on May 2010, Armitage revealed that in the ninth series, " is not who you thought he was. He's not who I thought he was." He admitted to being surprised at the development while reading the script. With the series theme being "deception", Armitage felt that playing another side of Lucas was "interesting," "quite exciting to play" and like "working in reverse because we've already established his background and then we've had to go and establish a much deeper background." Writers Jonathan Brackley and Sam Vincent (both head writers of the ninth series, having written five of the episodes) made the decision about Lucas' story-arc in the series during the initial meetings with the producers. Throughout the process of developing Lucas' arc, they worked through "a bazillion different versions." For example, in the series finale, they considered that Lucas would release the Albany weapon on the Grid. Both writers admitted that they were "not-half" concerned with possible negative reactions from fans of both Armitage and the character. In September 2011, co-star Peter Firth confirmed Lucas was killed off in the ninth series finale. He stated that the character "was always going to die." At some point the producers considered having Harry shoot him at the top of the building where he would fall to his death. However, this changed to have Lucas just jumping off the building instead.
Stunt work and on-screen violence.
Armitage performs his own stunts. When performing fight scenes, they would be choreographed carefully so Armitage could take part rather than a stunt double. For series eight, Armitage performed a fight scene in a swimming pool, which he thought was "fun," but also thought it was difficult as it was "like acting and punching in slow motion." In another sequence, he injured a stuntman with a hospital trolley. He was only given a short lesson on how to handle firearms, since he was already accustomed to using them whilst working on "Ultimate Force". While discussing the shootout at the end of series seven, Armitage noted that he is "not a violent person but when you put a gun in somebody's hands [...] it's like a little animal comes out of you that wants to fire the gun again."
In a flashback sequence in one of his early episodes, Lucas is subjected to waterboarding, a method of psychological torture. In order to ensure the authenticity of the sequence, Armitage was himself subjected to the actual torture while shooting. He agreed to perform the sequence after he was convinced by consultants for the FSB and CIA. Armitage was only subjected to it for a short time, and was filmed in slow motion to make it appear he was on for longer. The ambient temperature of the room was also raised to make him as comfortable as possible. However, after the sequence was shot, Armitage changed his opinion entirely, stating; "I only lasted five to ten seconds, and the sound of my voice crying out to stop isn't me acting." Armitage shot more interrogation scenes during production of the eighth series, but only some were added into the episodes. He was "less physical" in the ninth series.
Reception.
The reaction towards the character and Armitage's portrayal were met with unanimous praise. In a viewer poll on their favourite character played by Armitage on "RichardArmitageNet", Lucas North was voted third behind Sir Guy of Gisbourne, and winner John Thornton in "North and South". "Spooks" producer Katie Swinden described Armitage's addition as "fantastic", as he "has that dark and brooding quality which make him perfect for the role." Co-star Hermione Norris thought Lucas was a "really fantastic character" and has brought "a completely different vibe and quality" to the series.
John Beresford of "TV Scoop" thought the acting of the cast in the beginning of the seventh series, including Armitage's was "pitch perfect", and noted he "looks and sounds like he's been here all along, already, and having only seen him briefly in "Robin Hood" I've been quite astonished by how good he is in this." "Sky TV" described Lucas North's character as a "refreshing change" for the series. The "Bromsgrove Advertiser" noted that Armitage "certainly has the looks needed for the part" with "classic leading man presence," and while comparing past main actors of the series, Matthew Macfadyen and Rupert Penry-Jones, the author believed that "the eye candy quota is being kept high." Leigh Holmwood of "The Guardian" reacted positively towards the introduction of Lucas after Adam's departure, believing the change has "more than made amends." David Blackwell of "Enterline Media" liked Lucas "better than Adam Carter or Tom Quinn" and felt that his "dark and conflicted persona adds to the story and makes him a more interesting character than Adam or Tom ever were." Blackwell also believed that Armitage's portrayal gives the character "real intensity and mystery." In the ninth series "Metro's" Lewis Bazley believed that Lucas "continues to give a violent, powder-keg edge to proceedings – thank heaven for small mercies as his continual scowl never convinces in comparison with his predecessors Matthew McFadyen and Rupert Penry-Jones."
Critics reacted positively towards Lucas' development in the ninth series. "Metro's" Keith Watson said that the scene had a "touch of Don Draper about it," one of the factors that ""Spooks" has still got its hooks in." Catherine Gee of "The Daily Telegraph" reflected on the "dramatically provided" twist, stated "just as we were finally beginning to trust him." Vicky Frost of "The Guardian" stated that "Spooks" was "looking a bit lacklustre," but now "seems to have raised its game" because of several developments for series nine, including the closing scenes involving Lucas and Vaughn, and his relationship with Dimitri Levendis. The "Daily Mail Weekend Magazine" stated "will he really turn out to be a bad guy? It wouldn't be the first time," mirroring Armitage's statement that "baddies are always the most fun to play."

</doc>
<doc id="19959303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959303" title="Matthew Senreich">
Matthew Senreich

Matthew Ian "Matt" Senreich (; born June 17, 1974) is an American screenwriter, television producer and director, best known for his work with animated television series "Robot Chicken", which he co-created with business partner Seth Green.
Early life.
Senreich graduated from Wesleyan University.
Career.
In 1996, Senreich was employed by Wizard Entertainment, gradually rising to become its editorial director. In 1996 or 1997, Senreich met Green when the actor, a fan of "Wizard" magazine, responded enthusiastically to an interview request. With Green, Senreich created in 2000 and 2001 "Sweet J Presents", a web-based series of animated shorts presented on screenblast.com. Adult Swim contracted the "Robot Chicken" series on the basis of these shorts.
Stoopid Monkey.
Senreich and Green together run the production company Stoopid Monkey. His Emmy nominations were shared with other key members of the production staff of "Robot Chicken", including partner Seth Green, for "Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming Less Than One Hour)" in 2007, 2008, and 2009. Senreich received an Emmy Award for Outstanding Short-Format Animated Program (shared with key members of his production staff) at the 62nd annual Emmy Award ceremony held on August 29, 2010.
Senreich along with Tom Root have created "Titan Maximum", a television series on Adult Swim, that premiered on September 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19959318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959318" title="Alex Monchak">
Alex Monchak

Alex Monchak (born March 5, 1917) is a former shortstop who played briefly for the Philadelphia Phillies during the season. Listed at 6'0", 180 lb., he batted and threw right-handed. 
Biography.
A native of Bayonne, New Jersey, Monchak was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a stint in the army during World War II. In one season career, he was a .143 hitter (2-for-14) with one run and one stolen base in 19 games.
Following his playing career, Monchak became a Minor League manager from 1949 to 1961, acting as a player/manager through 1956, and winning four championship titles. He later served as a scout and instructor in the California Angels system (1962–1970) and coached (under manager Chuck Tanner) in the majors for the Chicago White Sox (1971–1975), Oakland Athletics (1976), Pittsburgh Pirates (1977–1984) and Atlanta Braves (1986–1988). He was a member of the Pirates' 1979 world championship team.
At , Monchak is recognized as one of the oldest living major league ballplayers. He was named the 2009 winner of the Roland Hemond Award by "Baseball America" in December 2009. The award recognizes baseball figures who have made long-term contributions to scouting and player development operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19959330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959330" title="Maintenon (horse)">
Maintenon (horse)

Maintenon (foaled 1903 in France) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by Gaston Dreyfus at his Haras du Perray in Les Bréviaires, Yvelines. Maintenon was out of the mare, Marcia, and sired by Le Sagittaire, a multiple winner of what today are Group One races.
Purchased as a yearling for twenty-three thousand French francs by American sportsman William Kissam Vanderbilt of the prominent Vanderbilt family of New York, Maintenon was conditioned for racing by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer, William Duke. In 1906, Maintenon won ten major races in France, including the French Derby, and another two the following year.
In the 1906 Grand Prix de Paris, Maintenon was beaten by Epsom Derby winner Spearmint and in anticipation of a rematch, Vanderbilt entered the colt in the 1907 Ascot Gold Cup at Ascot Racecourse in England. However, in April 1907 Maintenon suffered a tendon injury and was retired to stud. He first stood at Haras de Villebon in Villebon-sur-Yvette then at his owner's Haras du Quesnay. Among his offspring the most notable was Brumelli who won the 1917 Grand Prix de Paris and Prix du Jockey Club and who helped Maintenon become that year's Leading sire in France.
Following the death of owner Vanderbilt in 1922, the Haras du Quesnay and Maintenon were acquired by another American, A. Kingsley Macomber. The last foal sired by Maintenon was born in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19959359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959359" title="Campbell Hone">
Campbell Hone

The Rt Rev Campbell Richard Hone (13 September 1873 – 16 May 1967) was an eminent Anglican Bishop in the second quarter of the 20th century.
He was born into an ecclesiastical family, educated at Blackheath Proprietary School and Wadham College, Oxford and ordained in 1898. After a period as Curate at Holy Trinity, Habergham Eaves he was appointed Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Wakefield. From 1905 to 1909 he was Vice Principal of Leeds Clery School after which he was Vicar of Mount Pellon (and then Brighouse), Rural Dean of Whitby and Prebendary of York before his elevation to the Episcopate as the inaugural Bishop of Pontefract. Translated to Wakefield in 1938, he retired in 1945 and died on 16 May 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19959375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959375" title="Ynysddu">
Ynysddu

Ynysddu is a small village in the Sirhowy valley of south-east Wales. It is part of the district of Caerphilly within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire. It is next to Cwmfelinfach, 4.3 miles (6.8 km) north of the town of Risca and 4 miles (5.1 km) south of the market town of Blackwood, about 10 minutes by road from the M4 motorway and 35 minutes from the Severn Bridge. The electorate in 2008 was 2,905.
History.
Ynysddu was founded in the early 19th century by the enlightened local colliery owner John Hodder Moggridge, who lived at nearby Woodfield Park. It got its name from Ynsyddu Farm, which was built by Moggridge in 1804. Ynysddu comes from the Welsh descriptive words 'Ynys' ('island' or 'river meadow') and 'ddu' ('black'). 'Black river meadow' is appropriate for the landscape of the area.
After he became alarmed at the terrible living conditions of the poor in the 1820s Moggridge also built ‘The Ranks’. Founded as a social experiment ‘The Ranks’, like similar properties in Blackwood, allowed a few workers to lease a plot of land to build a cottage and garden allotment. 'The Ranks' were situated near the Black Prince pub, but have long since disappeared.
In 1901 Kelly's Directory of Monmouthshire said: 
"YNYSDDU is a hamlet of this parish, having a station on the Sirhowy section, London and North Western railway, 10¼ miles north-west from Newport. Here are Baptist and Calvinistic and Primitive Methodist chapels.
Post Office.—John Hughes, sub-postmaster. Letters received through Newport at 8.55 a.m.; dispatched, 6.30 p.m. week days only. Postal orders are issued here, but not paid. Pontllanfraith is the nearest money order & Blackwood the nearest telegraph office
Board School, erected in 1877, at a cost of £1,500, & erected in 1899, for 167 children; average attendance, 101; Thomas Harries Phillips, master; Miss Susanna Evans, assistant mistress. Railway Station, James Williams, station master" 
Education.
Ynysddu Primary School is located in the town; its headmaster was John Farmer.
Sport and leisure.
Ynysddu Rugby Club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The first Ynysddu game recorded was in 1894 against Abercarn, and was played in the church field at Mynyddislwyn.
Ynysddu originally played in an all-black strip, but now play in Black and Red.
Ynysddu Crusaders Football Club was relaunched in 2008 (having originally existed from 1915-1939), following the formal amalgamation of Ynysddu Welfare Crusaders AFC (formerly Ynysddu Welfare AFC 1947-2006) and Crusaders AFC (2003–2008), the latter having superseded Cwmfelinfach Colts AFC (1978–2003). They are affiliated to the Gwent County Football Association and are members of the Welsh Autoparts Gwent County FA League and the Ryan Transport Ltd North Gwent Football League. Club Colours are gold and black. They play their home games at Nine Mile Point Miners' Welfare Grounds, Graig View, Ynysddu, with their headquarters at The Ynysddu Progressive Club in Commercial Street.
Nearby is the Sirhowy Valley Country Park. The Ynys Hywel Activity Centre, located there, offers adventure activities such as abseiling, canoeing, mountain biking, rock climbing, orienteering and hill-walking.

</doc>
<doc id="19959405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959405" title="Addoquaye Addo">
Addoquaye Addo

Daniel Addoquaye Addo (born 23 April 1985 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football midfielder who played for Ashanti Gold SC.
Career.
Addo joined in June 2008 from Power F.C. to Heart of Lions and stands in Ghana Premier League All Star team. On 2 January 2008 was speculated with a move from Heart of Lions link to Red Star Belgrade and he moved to Serbia in February and stayed until June 2008. However, he failed to make an appearance in the Serbian SuperLiga with Red Star. In summer 2009 he signed with Ashanti Gold SC, he scored here in his debut his first goal for his new club.
Position.
Addo can play as offensive Midfielder or Attacker.
International.
He was on Ghana's player list for the 2008 African Cup of Nations but was cut from the list on the last day of preparations. On 13 November 2007 he was called up for the Black Stars.
Date of Birth is 15th May, 1987

</doc>
<doc id="19959424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959424" title="George Williams (UK politician)">
George Williams (UK politician)

Lieutenant-Colonel George Williams (1765 – 19 December 1850) was a British army officer and Liberal politician. Although Williams was of Welsh descent, he was born in St Johns, Newfoundland, where his father was lord chief justice of the province.
Military career.
When General John Burgoyne launched the Saratoga Campaign in 1777, Williams joined the army as a twelve year old volunteer. He was granted a commission as an ensign in the 62nd Regiment of Foot, replacing an officer mortally wounded at the Battle of Freeman's Farm. He was briefly a prisoner of war before returning with his regiment to England. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1782. 
After studying at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, he exchanged his commission in the 62nd Foot with one in the 20th (East Devonshire) Regiment of Foot in 1785. The regiment spent two years in the West Indies, taking part in the Second Maroon War. Williams left the army in 1800 with the rank of major. 
Williams retired to Little Woolton near Liverpool, having married Mrs James, a widow. With the threat of an invasion by French forces, he helped organise the merchants and tradesmen into a local defence unit, The Liverpool Volunteers. He became the commanding officer of the volunteers with the rank of lieutenant-colonel. In common with other such units, the Liverpool volunteers were disbanded at the Peace of Amiens in 1802.
Political career.
In retirement, Williams adopted the life of a country gentleman, and was appointed as a justice of the peace. He was an active member of the Liberal Party, and supported the election of William Roscoe as member of parliament for Liverpool in 1806.
Following the enactment of the Reform Act 1832, Williams was approached by the electors for the newly enfranchised parliamentary borough of Ashton-under-Lyne to stand as Liberal candidate. He accepted the nomination, and was elected as MP at the 1832 general election. He stood down at the next election in 1835.
Colonel George williams died at his Woolton home, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="19959447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959447" title="Lower Woodward Avenue Historic District">
Lower Woodward Avenue Historic District

The Lower Woodward Avenue Historic District, also known as Merchant's Row, is a mixed-use retail, commercial, and residential district in downtown Detroit, Michigan, located between Campus Martius Park and Grand Circus Park Historic District at 1201 through 1449 Woodward Avenue (two blocks between State Street to Clifford Street) and 1400 through 1456 Woodward Avenue (one block between Grand River Avenue and Clifford Street). The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
History.
The Lower Woodward Avenue Historic District contains thirty-four commercial buildings built at the end of the nineteenth century and the beginning of the twentieth, many by noted architects. By the 1920s, this area of the city was one of the most active shopping districts in the nation; in 1925, the State and Woodward interseation was the most active pedestrian crossing corner in the U.S.
Many famous and historic Detroit businesses either began or had flagship stores in or near the district, including Vernors, Sanders Confectionery, Winkelman's, S.S. Kresge Co., F. W. Woolworth Company, and Hudson's. New retail has emerged in the district. In 2011, the Forbes Company which owns the upscale Somerset Collection mall in the suburb of Troy debuted a group of seasonal pop-up mini-shops called Somerset Collection CityLoft on Merchant's Row as part of 'Downtown Detroit Days', generally open the last Thursday through Saturday of the month from June through August, and occasionally September. Michigan-based outdoor outfitter Moosejaw has opened a Detroit location along Merchant's Row at 1275 Woodward Avenue.
Construction.
Most of the structures in the district are of steel frame construction with a front windowed facade finished with brownstone, white brick, white Terra Cotta, or red brick. They all stand wall-to-wall, filling the lot lines and fronting directly on the sidewalk. Most were originally designed to house retail on the first floor and offices on the upper floors.

</doc>
<doc id="19959451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959451" title="Tighe Scott">
Tighe Scott

Tighe Scott (born June 2, 1949) is a retired American racecar driver from Pen Argyl, Pennsylvania. He competed in dirt modified racing before moving up into the NASCAR Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup Series). He had 18 Top 10 finishes in 89 races, with a career best 13th place finish in the 1978 Winston Cup.
Racing career.
Scott began as a dirt modified and sportsman driver in Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey at tracks like Bridgeport, New Jersey and Middletown, New York.
Scott was given the opportunity to race in the 1976 Daytona 500 by car owner Walter Ballard. He started 18th in the race and finished 35th after crashing on the 58th lap. Scott described the experience, "That was the first time I had ever raced on asphalt. My first time on the track, I had no idea what I was up against. It took me a couple days to get myself up to speed." He competed in five more NASCAR races that season. After a sixth place finish at Talladega Superspeedway, Ballard offered him a full-time ride. 
Scott ran 26 of 30 races that season to finish 20th in season points. In 1978, Scott had his highest points finish when he finished 13th in season points.
Scott's father, owner of Scotty's Fashions, hired Harry Hyde to be the crew chief for his family team in 1979 with Tighe Scott as the driver. Their first race together was for the 1979 Daytona 500. Scott blew a tire in his 125 mile qualifying race, so he had to start 33rd in the main event. He worked his way into the Top 5 in the race. "I was with guys I had never run alongside of before," Scott said. "Our car didn’t have the horsepower they had. I couldn’t lead, but I could run good in the draft." Scott was in third place in the race when he went into the pits for his final pit stop with 30 laps left. He entered the pits at full speed (which was legal and common at that time), and spun from some water on pit row right before his pit stall. Benny Parsons' car was overheating in the pits. It took Scott some time to refire the car and he returned to the track a 3/4 lap behind the leaders. He was unable to draft with any cars and he went a lap down with one lap left. Richard Petty won the race after the Donnie Allison/Cale Yarborough crash led to a fight in the infield. Scott finished sixth in the race. At the following race at Rockingham Speedway, Scott recorded his best NASCAR result when he finished fourth. His team's lack of funds enabled them to race in only 15 more events that season.
He ran ten races in 1980. Scott's final race was at the 1982 Daytona 500 for Tom Pistone. He started 30th and finished 29th after crashing on the 81st lap. The crash footage was featured in the movie Stroker Ace. 
He returned to his roots, racing sprint cars on Pennsylvania and New York tracks. In 1983 he raced sprint cars at Williams Grove Speedway and Selinsgrove Speedway, and won a race at Selinsgrove. The following season he raced at these and other tracks including Port Royal Speedway and a World of Outlaws (WoO) event at Orange County Fair Speedway. His final race happened in 1985. That season he competed in four WoO events and won his second last feature in a local event at Williams Grove.
Personal life.
As of 2008, Scott runs the construction and excavating business A. Scott Enterprises. He also operates "Scotty's Fashions", a family garment business started by his father. He is married to his second wife, the former Kathy Toman, and he has three sons and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19959454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959454" title="Victory No. 226, Saskatchewan">
Victory No. 226, Saskatchewan

Victory No. 226 is a Rural Municipality in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. It was settled in the early 1900s, around 1908, by Pioneer farming settlers. Victory No. 226 is primarily a grain farming area, although some farmers do keep livestock as well. RM Victory No. 226 includes the Village of Beechy and Hamlet of Demaine. It is located in Saskatchewan's Census Division No. 7. Like many rural communities in Saskatchewan, the last few decades have featured population decline as residents leave for larger towns and cities such as Saskatoon, Regina, Moose Jaw and Swift Current.
Pioneer history.
The first settlers to the Victory No. 226 area came in the early 1900s. The hamlet of Demaine was established by the summer of 1908 by a band of settlers who hauled supplies from the Riverhurst area to the east, and across the South Saskatchewan River. Originally all supplies had to be moved from other areas as the settlements were being established.
As with current life in rural municipality the first settlers to the area were farmers who began to grow grain. They farmed with teams of oxen and mules prior to the invention of modern day farming machinery.
Eventually two largers settlements were established. These turned into the Village of Beechy and the Hamlet of Demaine.
Geography.
Victory No. 226 is bordered by King George No. 256 in the north, Canaan No. 225 in the east, Lake Diefenbaker, which is part of the South Saskatchewan River in the south, and Lacadena No. 228 in the west. With wide open spaces and small rolling hills the land of Victory No. 226 comprises fertile soil perfect for grain farming. Naturally, much of the landscape is covered by grain farming operations.
The Rural Municipality follows the typical climate and weather patterns of the southern half of Saskatchewan by having harsh, dry cold winters, and warm summers.
Victory No. 226 today.
The population of Victory No. 226 is steadily declining as residents move to the larger city centers such as Regina, Saskatoon, and Swift Current. The area is still primarily used for grain farming, but as this career was not as lucrative as it once was, the residents have been moving and seeking other careers.
Notable residents
Herbert Junior Swan - Former Speaker (1982–1986) of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
<br>Elwin Hermanson - Current politician.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19959458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959458" title="Charles Edward Mallows">
Charles Edward Mallows

Charles Edward Mallows FRIBA (5 May 1864 – 2 June 1915), often known as C. E. Mallows, was an English landscape architect. 
Biography.
He was born in Chelsea, London and spent his childhood at Flatford Mill, East Bergholt, Suffolk where his uncle ran the mill. He studied in Bedford and London. 
In 1895 he opened an office in Bedford with George Grocock and worked in the Arts and Crafts tradition designing cottages, schools, shops and restoring churches. He was made a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1900 and by the following year was the diocesan surveyor for Ely. Mallows rented rooms adjoining those of the landscape architect Thomas Hayton Mawson, and occasionally worked with him.
He died in 1915 at Biddenham, Bedfordshire leaving an estate of nearly £3,000.
Works.
His major commission was Tirley Garth in Cheshire, where he designed the house and the major part of the gardens. 
He also designed Joyce Grove in Oxfordshire for Robert Fleming.

</doc>
<doc id="19959480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959480" title="Žegljane">
Žegljane

Žegljane () is a village in the Municipality of Staro Nagoričane, in the northern part of the Republic of Macedonia. Today the village has a population of 86 people, all of Macedonian nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="19959483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959483" title="CD Cayón">
CD Cayón

Club Deportivo Cayón is a football team based in Sarón, Cayón in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1915, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 3. The club's home ground is "Fernando Astobiza", which has a capacity of 2,700 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19959490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959490" title="List of universities in Armenia">
List of universities in Armenia

This is a list of universities in Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19959545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959545" title="South Carolina (disambiguation)">
South Carolina (disambiguation)

South Carolina is a state in the United States.
South Carolina may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19959567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959567" title="Lom pod Storžičem">
Lom pod Storžičem

Lom is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The local church in this village is dedicated to Saint Catherine.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Lom" to "Lom pod Storžičem" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19959574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959574" title="Fagus japonica">
Fagus japonica

Fagus japonica, known as the Japanese Blue Beech or in Japanese as inubuna ("dog buna") or kurobuna ("black buna"), is a deciduous tree of the beech family Fagaceae. It is native to Japan, where it is one of the main tree species in natural deciduous forests particularly on the Pacific side of the country.
It reaches 25 metres in height. The growth habit is often multi-trunked. Bark is smooth and grey. The simple leaves are arranged alternately along the branch. They are slightly pubescent and slightly glaucous beneath, with 10–14 pairs of lateral nerves. Fruiting peduncles are 3–4 cm long and glabrous.

</doc>
<doc id="19959598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959598" title="South Dakota (disambiguation)">
South Dakota (disambiguation)

South Dakota is a state in the United States.
South Dakota may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19959600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959600" title="Novake, Tržič">
Novake, Tržič

Novake () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19959603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959603" title="Battle of Le Mans (1793)">
Battle of Le Mans (1793)

The Battle of Le Mans was a battle of the War in the Vendée. It resulted in the rout of the Vendéen forces by Republican troops during the Virée de Galerne.
Prelude.
Victorious at the Battle of La Flèche after their setback at Angers, where they were unable to cross the River Loire, the desperate Vendéens, always sporadically attacked by the Republican cavalry, continued their march towards Le Mans. Their numbers were greatly reduced: the Catholic and Royal Army now numbered less than 20,000 men, and had with it thousands of wounded, women and children. Of the 80,000 the Vendéens had at the start of the Virée de Galerne, only 40,000 remained. Suffering of famine and the cold, ravaged by gangrenous dysentery, typhus and putrid fever, they mostly tried to obtain supplies.
The Vendéens had managed to repel 4,000 Republicans in a half-hour at Pontlieu, but still demoralized and having lost a great part of their weaponry, they took Le Mans on 10 December 1793 at 4:00 in the afternoon. They then spread out through the city and managed to find provisions, supplies and clothes. Nonetheless, morale was still low, sickness continued to ravage the army and the soldiers, disobeying their officers, didn't try to prepare the defenses of the town despite the fact that the Republican army, reorganized since its defeat at Dol, was marching towards the city.
The battle.
On 12 December the first Republican troops under Westermann and Muller appeared at the gates of the city. Henri de La Rochejaquelein and Talmont assembled 3,000 men, especially Chouans, and took on the Republicans. They managed to set a trap in the woods near Le Mans. Westermann's surprised cavalry had to pull back whereas Muller's division panicked after the first shots fired. The Republican army was on the verge of being annihilated when Jacques Delaistre de Tilly's Army of the Cherbourg coasts arrived as reinforcements on the battle field. This time it was the Vendéens who panicked and fled and hid in the city. La Rochejaquelein thus re-entered the city, but his forces were dispersed, most of the Vendéens not even realizing the Republicans were so close, and some soldiers were even drunk.
Some time later, General François-Séverin Marceau arrived in turn at the battle and reassembled his troops at Cérans-Foulletourte. He was followed by Kléber and his troops of the Army of Mainz. Marceau wished to wait for Kléber's troops to arrive before attacking but Westermann insisted and launched an attack, Marceau had to follow.
The Republican army entered Le Mans by nightfall, overwhelmed all the Vendéen defences. The Vendéens were completely disorganized, chaos resulted in the city where all night long street skirmishes were taking place.
La Rochejaquelein, seeing that all was lost, sought only to protect the retreat towards Laval for the survivors. The Vendéens deployed 14 cannons at the gates of the city, managing to cover their retreat and stopping the Republicans.
Yet thousands of Vendéens, most of them non-combatants, were stuck inside the town, having taken refuge in the houses. Groups of resisting Vendéen soldiers were spread across the city. They resisted for a long while, standing their ground until the end of the day. Nonetheless, they were eventually destroyed by the Republican artillery under General François Carpentier, which opened fire on the buildings and houses from where shots were fired.
The battle then turned into a massacre, with the wounded, women and children who had taken refuge in the houses being forced out and massacred. Kléber and Marceau tried to save the prisoners, but could not hold back their troops.
Westermann assembled his hussards and pursued the Vendéens. Those who were slow and fell behind were massacred, but the larger part of the Vendéen army, reduced to half on its strength, managed to reach Laval on 14 December. The Republican cavalry, not daring to enter the faubourgs, decided to head back.
According to the Committee of Public Safety, 2,000 to 5,000 Vendéens, both combatants and non-combatants, died in Le Mans, while Republican losses totaled only 30 dead and approximately 100 wounded.
Adding to the Vendéen victims of the battle those killed south of Le Mans during the flight to Laval, the total deaths were approximately 15,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19959617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959617" title="List of Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman episodes">
List of Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman episodes

This is a list of episodes of the PBS children's television show "Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman".
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Season one: 2006.
Point totals before finale.
All did 13 challenge episodes and 6 quiz shows.
Season two: 2007.
Point totals before finale.
All did 13 challenge episodes and 5 quiz shows.
Season three: 2008.
Point totals before finale.
All did 14 challenge episodes and 5 quiz shows.
Season four: 2009.
Season four aired on September 14, 2009 and is the first season to be presented in High Definition (HD). A sneak peek at the season premiered on September 11, 2009.
Point totals before finale.
All did 13 challenge episodes and 5 quiz shows.
Season five: 2010.
Season five premiered on October 4, 2010.
Point totals before finale.
All did 15 challenge episodes and 5 quiz shows.
Fetch-a-thon!
From May 21–25, 2007, PBS KIDS conducted a FETCH! Season 1 marathon, showing four episodes a day. Preview clips from Season 2 aired during the marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="19959619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959619" title="ZBD2000">
ZBD2000

The ZBD2000 is an amphibious armoured fighting vehicle, developed for the PLA Marine Corps. The vehicle is a counterpart to the Type 63A amphibious tank introduced in the late 1990s. It features a hydroplane, and has been compared to the US Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle (EFV).
The ZBD05 armored fighting vehicle was developed from this, as well as a light tank, a command post vehicle, a recovery vehicle and others.
Development.
The ZBD2000 uses a planing hull propelled by two water jets achieving water travelling speed much greater than any current amphibious armoured vehicle in the PLA Marine Corps, on top of its enhanced speed it has increased range, allowing it to launch over-the-horizon assaults.
The vehicle is designed with a hydraulic-actuated bow with transom flaps, designed to aid hull skimming across the surface of the water. When activated the bow and transom flaps form a planing surface with the bottom of the hull, allowing the vehicle to go faster because hydrodynamic drag is reduced on the vehicle's hull. 
The ZBD2000 features a flat, boat-like hull, with 6 road wheels and front/rear rollers. A welded turret is mounted in the centre of the hull, with the powerpack positioned in the front and the passenger compartment in the rear.
ZTD05 Light Tank.
The light tank variant is armed with a fully stabilised 105mm rifled gun. The 105mm rounds carried consist of armour piercing fin stabilised discarding sabot (APFSDS), high explosive (HE), and high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) rounds, and Chinese 105mm laser beam riding guidance anti-tank guided missiles (ATGM). The 105mm missile offers the capability to engage shore targets whilst still swimming at sea, where conventional ammunition would perform poorly due to the motion of sea waves.
Secondary weapons include a 7.62mm coxial mounted machine gun, a 12.7mm anti-aircraft machine gun mounted on the roof of the turret near the loader, and 2 sets of 4-barrel smoke grenade launchers mounted on either side of the turret. The rear part of the turret has a storage rack for additional equipment which also provides additional protection against HEAT rounds. 
Fire accuracy is attained by a computerised fire-control system (FCS), including a fire-control computer, light spot commander sight with laser rangefinder input, and light spot gunner sight with passive night vision. For all-weather amphibious assault operations, the vehicle is equipped with GPS navigation and thermal imaging system.
The light tank variant is operated by a crew of 4, with the driver positioned front-left of the turret, and loader, gunner, and commander occupying the turret.
ZBD05 Infantry Fighting Vehicle.
The Infantry Fighting Vehicle (IFV) variant of the ZBD2000 was built to accompany the light tank variant in the battlefield in amphibious operations. The vehicle shares the same hull, but replaces the 3-man 105mm rifled gun with a 2-man 30mm cannon turret with a HJ-73C ATGM rail launcher positioned on the roof of the turret, and a 7.62mm coxial mounted machine gun. The vehicle has a crew of 3 and can carry 7-8 (Squad) armed soldiers in its passenger compartment in the rear. The 30mm cannon isn't present in any armoured vehicles within the PLA Marine Corps, indicating a possible brand new 30mm cannon design.
External links.
http://www.armyrecognition.com/china_chinese_heavy_armoured_vehicle_tank_uk/ztd-05_amphibious_assault_armoured_vehicle_technical_data_sheet_information_description_intelligence.html
http://www.armyrecognition.com/china_chinese_heavy_armoured_vehicle_tank_uk/ztd-05_amphibious_assault_armoured_vehicle_technical_data_sheet_information_description_intelligence.html

</doc>
<doc id="19959621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959621" title="Haryana Institute of Technology (HIT)">
Haryana Institute of Technology (HIT)

Haryana Institute of Technology is an engineering college in Bahadurgarh, Haryana (located at 34/41 KM Asodha Village, Bahadurgarh).
History.
The institute was established as Haryana Institute of Technology, Bahadurgarh in 2007. HIT is part of the Indian Society for Development of Education which was formed in 2003 with the objective of providing education in the technical field of engineering, management, information technology, and vocational courses.
The Indian Society for Development of Education was registered under the Societies Act No. XXI of 1860 vide Registration no. 45226 of 2003 dated 30.01.2003.
Campus.
HIT is located in Asodha Village, Bahadurgarh, and is surrounded by green fields and water canals. The campus is situated on the NH-10.
The inside of the campus resembles a city with gardens, lawns, residential complexes and wide clean roads. The campus has its own water supply and backup electricity supply along with canteen and medical facility.
Hostels.
Separate hostel facilities for boys and girls are available close to the administrative block. Each hostel has a capacity of around 200 students. Each hostel has its own mess, a common room where residents can watch television and read magazine and newspapers and a visiting room where residents can receive their guests. In addition, each hostel has its own computer room facility. All the hostel rooms are provided with an internet connection.
Every hostel has a warden, who is a faculty of the college, and a caretaker. Hostels are in general self managed by students, with the warden not interfering in the hostel affairs, other than the clearing of bills and budget.
Departments and Centers.
HIT Bahadurgarh has five B.Tech departments:
Other Courses Offered:
Undergraduate programs.
HIT Bahadurgarh offers a Bachelor of Technology in five areas that include Mechanical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering, Information Technology and Civil Engineering. The admission to these programs is done through AIEEE and LEET.
Festivals.
Aaftab is the annual cultural and arts festival held in September.

</doc>
<doc id="19959638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959638" title="John MacLean (honorary sheriff)">
John MacLean (honorary sheriff)

John MacLean (1860–1940) was a pioneer and sheriff in Última Esperanza Province, Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region, Chile. He was born in Poolewe, Wester Ross, Scotland, emigrating at the age of 23 to the Falklands and Southern Patagonia in 1883. Four years later, he was able to buy property in Punta Arenas and rent public lands at Punta del Monte (north-east Magallanes Territory) in order to raise sheep in 1891. Three years later, John married Mary Ann Cameron, daughter of neighbour and fellow Highlander John Cameron. They had 13 children over the next 26 years. MacLean hand wrote 102 letters as part of his official business, mostly in broken Spanish—it is assumed he was self-taught. The letters were very likely delivered through private arrangements due to the lack of infrastructure in the region at that time. His letters shed light on an otherwise unwritten period in Patagonian history.

</doc>
<doc id="19959639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959639" title="Paloviče">
Paloviče

Paloviče is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19959644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959644" title="A Book on Angling">
A Book on Angling

A Book on Angling - "Being a complete treatise on the art of angling in every branch" is a work of angling literature with significant fly fishing content written by Francis Francis, angling editor to The Field and published in London in 1867 by Longmans, Green and Company.
Synopsis.
"A Book on Angling" is best described by the author himself in the preface to the first edition:
When first infected with the fever of Angling, more years ago than I care to count up, my ambition was to catch every species of freshwater fish, from the minnow up to the salmon, which inhabits our British waters. That satisfied, my next desire was to write a work, which should contain within one volume (as far as might be possible) the fullest and most varied information upon Angling generally, in every branch of the art, which had ever been published; and with this resolve I commenced collecting the matter for the present work nearly twenty years ago. Taken up and laid aside from time to time, little by little it has steadily progressed towards completion. In the course of that twenty years I took occasion to visit and to fish nearly every river of note in the kingdom, my connection with 'The Field' affording me peculiar facilities for obtaining permission to fish very many waters which are closely locked against the general public; and I have roamed England, Scotland, Wales, and Ireland over to gather fresh knowledge, and to put it into a practical and concentrated form for the use of my readers.
In inducting the tyro into the mysteries of the art, I have endeavored to make every direction and information as clear and practicable as possible. This work is intended to be a useful and not merely a decorative one: thus, the plates are not for the sake of ornamentation, but for direction, and as an aid to the student of tackle-making and fly-tying. Each illustration of tackle is really needed, and the flies shown are not a mere selection of gorgeous and pretty subjects, or I should have chosen very differently; but each fly is a specimen of some separate class of flies, in which a special peculiarity of manufacture is evident.
I have to thank many kind friends for assistance in lending tackle and flies as subjects for the engravings, and also for description, as will be found in the body of the work.
I have given much time to this book, but I have given it willingly, for it was indeed and in truth a labour of love. Whether the Angling public, to whom I dedicate it (desiring no more potent patron), will appreciate my labours remains to be seen; and so, without further apology if an attempt to supply a long-felt and obvious want, the existence of which few persons have been in a position to know and feel so well as myself, be thought to require an apology into their hands I commit it.
FRANCIS FRANCIS. THE FIRS, TWICKENHAM : 1867
Reviews.
In 1881, Osmund Lambert in "Angling Literature in England wrote:
In 1920, when "A Book on Angling" was reprinted, Sir Herbert Maxwell, a noted Scottish angler penned this in the Editor's Introduction:
James Robb in an entire chapter devoted to Francis Francis in "Notable Angling Literature" (1945) said of "A Book on Angling":
In 1974, noted American writer Arnold Gingrich in his "The Fishing in Print" commented on Francis, Francis as a writer and his influence on notable American angler Theodore Gordon:
In 2002, 135 years after the 1st edition of "A Book of Angling", Tony Hayter in his biography of Frederic M. Halford wrote:
Contents.
From the 4th Edition (1876)
Other Editions.
From Antiquarian Book Exchange and "Bibliotheca Piscatoria-A Catalogue Of Books On Angling, The Fisheries and Fish-Culture, With Bibliographical Notes and an Appendix Of Citations Touching On Angling and fishing from Old English authors", Westwood and Satchell (1883)
See also.
Bibliography of fly fishing

</doc>
<doc id="19959645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959645" title="Tropojë Lake">
Tropojë Lake

Tropojë Lake () is a small mountain lake in the Prokletije mountains in western Kosovo, only 180m from the Albanian border. The lake has an oval shape and is 100m in length and 40m in width. Rivers that originate on this lake flow downwards to join larger rivers and then finally flow into the White Drin.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19959650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959650" title="Tom Longworth">
Tom Longworth

Tom Longworth was an Anglican bishop in the 20th century.
He was born on 8 January 1891 and educated at Shrewsbury and University College, Oxford and ordained in 1916. From 1927 to 1935 he Rector of Guisborough and then Benwell before his ordination to the episcopate as the second Bishop of Pontefract, with the additional title of Archdeacon of the area. Translated to Hereford in 1949 he retired in 1961 and died on 15 October 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19959672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959672" title="Raft Hill (co-op)">
Raft Hill (co-op)

Raft Hill is a student housing cooperative located in East Lansing, Michigan and a member of the MSU SHC. The house has been operating as a cooperative for over thirty years. It is situated two blocks north of Michigan State University's campus.
Founding and history.
Built by the former dean of MSU, Edward H. Rhyder, in a Tudor Revival-style, Raft Hill has changed hands many a time in the last ninety-plus years. It has served as the base of operations for the Green Earth Food Co-op (1972) as well as provided shelter for runaways (1970).
While it served as a shelter, it adopted the moniker of "The Raft", which would later inspire its current name of "Raft Hill". 
Today, the house functions as a graduate student co-op and its occupants prepare only vegetarian meals as established by the current constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="19959675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959675" title="Saffron Walden by-election, 1977">
Saffron Walden by-election, 1977

The Saffron Walden by-election of July 1977 was held after the death of Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) Sir Peter Kirk on 16 April that year. The Conservatives held on to the seat in the by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19959689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959689" title="Ristovac">
Ristovac

Ristovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Ристовац) is a small town in the Municipality of Vranje located in the Pčinja District of south-east Serbia. Ristovac has 342 according to the 2002 census. 

</doc>
<doc id="19959702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959702" title="Chinese people in Madagascar">
Chinese people in Madagascar

Chinese people in Madagascar form Africa's third largest overseas Chinese population. , roughly 40,000 to 60,000 lived on the island. They constitute a minority ethnic group of Madagascar.
History.
Early history.
Chinese ceramic goods dating to the 16th and 17th century have been found in Madagascar; however, these are geneerally believed not to be evidence of a direct Chinese presence at that early date, but rather trade between the two lands through intermediaries such as the Arabs. Some folk theories once popular among the Chinese of Madagascar claimed a Chinese rather than Austronesian origin for the Malagasy, and a widespread joke even claimed that the ethnonym Hova was a transcription of a Chinese name He Huai (何壞). Suggestions were made in 1786 and 1830 that the French should establish a colony and import Chinese, Indian, and Mozambican labour to Madagascar to populate it in order to prevent the British from gaining a foothold there, but no action was taken on the idea.
The first Chinese migrant to Madagascar arrived in the east coast port of Tamatave (now renamed Toamasina) in 1862, where he opened a shop, and later married a local Malagasy woman. Six others came to Nosy Be off the northwestern coast in 1866, then three more in 1872. Fourteen were noted at Majunga (Mahajanga), also in the northwest, in 1894. Then, a contingent of five hundred arrived at Tamatave in 1896. The following year, three thousand Chinese more labourers were brought in at the initiative of the French general Joseph Gallieni to work on the construction of the railway. Contract workers, intending to return home after their stint on the island, often became ill while working on the construction of the railway; though they survived to board ships back to China, many died en route. In absolute terms the resident population remained quite small: 452 in 1904, with 76 in the north, 31 in the west, 24 in the centre, 315 in the east, and 6 in the south. The vast majority were men. They had grown slightly by the time of the 1911 census, which found 649 Chinese in the country, making up about 3% of the country's foreign population and a minute fraction of the total population of 3.2 million.
The initial migrants came from Guangxi, but were later supplemented by Cantonese-speakers, both those who came directly from Guangdong and those who had been driven out of Mauritius by increasing competition from Hakka-speakers. Upon arrival, the Cantonese speakers colluded to prevent any Hakka migration to Madagascar. As a result, the Chinese population remained largely homogenous; 98% traced their origins not just to Guangdong, but specifically to the Shunde district. Intermarriage between Chinese men and native Malagasy women was not uncommon.
Post-World War II and independence.
1957 official statistics showed 7,349 Chinese living in Madagascar, in forty-eight of the country's fifty-eight districts. By 2006, that number had grown to roughly forty thousand, composed of thirty thousand of the original migrants and their descendants, as well as ten thousand new expatriates from mainland China, and another hundred from Taiwan. The recent migrants trace their origins to a more diverse set of provinces, including Fujian and Zhejiang. Half lived in either Toamasina or Antananarivo, with a further one-eighth in the Diana Region; the remainder were distributed among the other provinces.
Society.
Chinese-language education in Madagascar began in the late 1920s; with the 1937 onset of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chinese parents could no longer send their children back to China for their schooling, which fueled the expansion of local Chinese education. Two of the most well-known schools, the Kuomintang-run Ecole Franco-Chinoise (兴文学校) in Fenerive, and the co-educational Ecole Chinoise Mixte (华体学校) in Toamasina, were both established the following year. The Ecole Chinoise Mixte at Toamasina was founded by parents who had withdrawn their children from the KMT school; they were alleged to be communist. By 1946, the island boasted eleven Chinese schools. However, after the end of World War II, and especially in the 1980s, parents began shifting their children towards French-language education instead. As a result, the number of schools decreased, and the ones which remained decreased the number of class hours devoted to Chinese-language teaching. Of eight schools in 1972, three disappeared by the mid-1980s; the Ecole Franco-Chinoise, which at its peak had enrolled 629 students, was forced to merge with the Ecole Chinoise Mixte to form the Collège de la Congrégation Chinoise (华侨学校).
By 1995, only two schools remained, in Fianarantsoa and Toamasina. The one in Toamasina, the Collège de la Congrégation Chinoise, enrolled 398 students at the kindergarten through lower secondary levels ; it continues teaching both Cantonese and Mandarin. The school in Fianarantsoa had about 100 students, including mixed-race children of Chinese and Malagasy descent, as well as non-Chinese children.
For tertiary education, by the 1960s a few Chinese students went on to Francophone universities in Madagascar or in France. In 1957, the Ecole Franco-Chinoise began sending students to Taiwan for education, starting with nine in the first year and totalling 34 by 1964. These students tended to attend the Overseas Chinese Preparatory High School (now part of National Taiwan Normal University) before going on to their degree work; many had trouble with Mandarin. Some returned to Madagascar, but found difficulties in advancement there due to the non-recognition of their degrees.
The Confucius Institute opened a branch at the University of Antananarivo in November 2008. By June 2013, more than 28 Chinese language teaching institutes had been established across the country.
Religious affiliation.
The Chinese of Madagascar largely follow the Roman Catholic religion, like the rest of the urban Malagasy population. Questionnaires in the 1970s found that Catholicism was especially common among young people under 30. However another study noted that many however were Catholics in name only. There were also examples of syncretism with Chinese folk religion in those days: the Chinese Community Centers in Tamatave (Toamasina) and Diego Suarez (Antsiranana) had altars to Southern Chinese deities, and a few people could still be seen paying their respects; furthermore, some people reported that their families had altars for veneration of their ancestors.
Economy.
Chinese came not just as indentured labourers, but as free migrants too. Often, a Sino-Mauritian would bring his relatives over from China to Mauritius for a period of apprenticeship in his business; after they had gained sufficient familiarity with commercial practises and life in a colonial society, he would send them onwards with letters of introduction, lending them his own capital to start up businesses in neighbouring countries, including Madagascar. Import-export was one popular business, with products such as coffee, cloves, vanilla beans, and sea cucumbers flowing outwards.
Most of the Chinese in Madagascar are engaged in retail business. In the 1990s, they controlled half of the alcoholic beverages and textiles industries; by the mid-2000s, their share of the alcoholic beverages industry had fallen to one-fifth, while that of the textiles industry had increased to 90%. Others operated cake shops and ice-cream parlours, somewhat along the lines of coffee shops, where customers could sit down and enjoy a dessert; they controlled about 10% of this industry. Popular resentment at the recent influx of Chinese small traders, whose prices undercut those of their Malagasy competitors, has strained relations with the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19959705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959705" title="Castro FC">
Castro FC

Castro Fútbol Club is a Spanish football team based in Castro Urdiales, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1952, it plays in Tercera División – Group 3, holding home games at "Estadio Riomar", which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19959714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959714" title="Jerk of All Trades">
Jerk of All Trades

Jerk of All Trades is an album by New York punk rock band, Lunachicks. It was released in 1995 by Go-Kart Records and was produced by Ray Martin.
Track list.
For track 11, "Jerk of All Trades", trumpet is played by Tommy Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="19959729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959729" title="Battle Poker">
Battle Poker

Battle Poker is a WiiWare game by Left Field Productions that was released in North America on July 20, 2009. It's also available on PlayStation Portable on December 10, 2009.
Gameplay.
The game sees players racing against a time limit to make the best five-card hand possible. The game's "battles" consist of many rounds with points scored at the end of each round based on the cards in each player's hand.
The player uses the Wii Remote to point and click on a grid of upturned playing cards to turn a card over for all players to see. Players then have an opportunity to take the card to add it to their hand. Points are also scored for each round based on the quality of the player's hand.
Game modes.
There are two types of play in "Battle Poker", Single Player and Multiplayer. Players can also change options such as time limits, grid size, power-ups, and background graphics.
Single Player.
Single Player modes include:
Multiplayer.
Multiplayer modes allow 2-4 players to compete in the following battles:

</doc>
<doc id="19959735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959735" title="Elizabeth City Daily Advance">
Elizabeth City Daily Advance

Elizabeth City Daily Advance is a daily newspaper based in Elizabeth City, North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Cooke Communications.
Sale to Cooke Communications.
Cox Enterprises sold The Daily Advance to Cooke Communications on July 31, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19959754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959754" title="Leduc-Nisku Economic Development Association">
Leduc-Nisku Economic Development Association

The Leduc-Nisku Economic Development Association (EDA) is an economic development partnership originally founded in 1984 that markets Alberta's International Region. It is based around the Edmonton International Airport within the southern portion of the Edmonton Capital Region in Alberta, Canada. 
The partnership includes the founding members of Leduc County and the City of Leduc, as well as the nearby towns of Beaumont, Calmar and Devon, and the villages of Thorsby and Warburg.
History.
The Leduc-Nisku EDA was founded by Leduc County and the City of Leduc in 1984. In 1999, the Leduc-Nisku EDA evolved into Alberta's International Region by expanding the partnership to include Beaumont, Calmar, Devon, Thorsby and Warburg.
Board.
The Leduc-Nisku EDA's board of directors consists of eight members including alternates. The board consists of a chair, elected officials and alternates from Leduc County and the City of Leduc, an Edmonton International Airport (EIA) representative and two members-at-large, of which one is also a representative of the EIA. The chair of the board is Emma Pietroleonardo of Executive Royal Inn in Leduc.
Alberta's International Region.
Alberta's International Region is an economic region within the southern portion of the Edmonton Capital Region marketed by the Leduc-Nisku EDA. The region encompasses Leduc County, Leduc, Beaumont and Warburg.
Industry.
Major industry sectors present within Alberta's International Region include agriculture, energy, environment, manufacturing and transportation. Major industrial parks within the region include Nisku Business Park within Leduc County and the Leduc Business Park within the City of Leduc. Both are located on the east side of the Queen Elizabeth II Highway (Highway 2) across from the Edmonton International Airport.
Transportation.
Alberta's International Region has access to air, rail and highway transportation. The Edmonton International Airport is located in Leduc County, adjacent to the City of Leduc, on the west side of the Queen Elizabeth II Highway. The Queen Elizabeth II Highway, also known as Highway 2, forms part of Alberta's portion of the CANAMEX Corridor, which is a transportation corridor linking Canada, the United States and Mexico established under the North American Free Trade Agreement to foster trade, tourism and economic activity. A Canadian Pacific (CP) main line, which connects Edmonton and Calgary, runs through both the Nisku Business Park and Leduc Business Park.
Activities.
Promoted by the Leduc-Nisku EDA, Alberta's International Region hosts regular economic partnership breakfasts and other special events.

</doc>
<doc id="19959763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959763" title="Mohamed Ofei Sylla">
Mohamed Ofei Sylla

Club career.
Sylla played in the Turkish Super Lig for Gaziantepspor and Denizlispor.
International career.
Sylla played for the Guinea national football team, including appearing at the finals of the 1994 African Nations Cup and 1998 African Nations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19959789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959789" title="Léon de Lunden">
Léon de Lunden

Léon de Lunden was a Belgian sports shooter who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics. He won the first prize in the live pigeon shoot, an event that was unique to the 1900 Games and is no longer recognised by the International Olympic Committee. He totaled 21 kills during the tournament to take gold. He won 5,000 francs for his victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19959794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959794" title="Woodward brothers">
Woodward brothers

__NOTOC__
The Woodward brothers (as they are known) were Richard Blake (1848 – c.1905, Tugela River?) and John Deverell Stewart Woodward (1849 – c.1905), who were English missionaries and ornithologists. They were born in Bathford, England to Richard and Mary Woodward. Through their field expeditions, specimen collecting and publications, they, along with Arthur Stark, established a basis for 20th century ornithology in the southern African region.
Missionary activities.
The brothers were trained as Anglican missionaries. Their first mission was in the Americas, at an unknown location. They published on missionary work in the Americas before they moved to Transvaal in the early 1870s. Here they initially started farming sheep in the Amersfoort district, before moving to Ifafa, Natal, to run a plantation.
They also attended to the nearby St Luke's mission at Harding, where they assisted archdeacon Joseph Barker. They were ordained into the Anglican Church in 1881 at Pietermaritzburg, and by 1883 they were assistant priests at St Luke's. From 1884 they associated with the American Board of Foreign Missions which had stations at Hlatikulu, Zululand, and at the Adam's mission, Amanzimtoti. Their consequent missionary activities and expeditions were undertaken from these missions.
Field expeditions.
The brothers had a keen interest in the animal life of the region, which was poorly described in the 1870s. Within a decade of their arrival they started publishing observations concerning Crocodiles, Baboons and Leopards in The Zoologist and The Natal Mercury. Their observations were catalogued and controlled experiments were performed on some animals. From 1880 onwards much of their interest was focussed on the birds of the region. The brothers undertook exploratory expeditions to the Lebombo Mountains and Ngoye Forest in Zululand.
For the first time species like Eastern Nicator and Livingstone's Turaco were found to occur south of the Zambezi. In the forest that still covered the Berea ridge at Port Natal, they collected the type specimen of the Garden Warbler's eastern race, "Sylvia borin woodwardi". It was deemed a new African species, "S. woodwardi", when it was named in their honour in 1877. In addition they discovered the isolated southern population of the Green Barbet at Ngoye forest, which Captain Shelley named for them in 1895, "Stactolaema woodwardi". In 1900 their other discovery, Woodward's Batis, was also named for them by Shelley, "B. fratrum" referring to the brothers. 
Many of their bird specimens were sent to R. B. Sharpe at the British Museum, who assisted them with identifications.
Publications.
Their ornithological publication, "Natal Birds" of 1899, introduced 386 bird species of Zululand, the Colony of Natal and the eastern Cape Colony. It constituted the first regional list for southern Africa, and recorded the status of many species. The small book is a sought after collector's item, but mainly for its historical interest. Through the brothers' efforts the early specimen collection of G. Hutchinson was preserved, and interest in regional conservation was increased. They are besides known from many letters, as well as articles written for The Natal Mercury, "Ibis" and other overseas natural history magazines.
Unknowns.
It is not yet known where the brothers were buried, and their publication "Wanderings in America" has not been traced. By some accounts one of the brothers drowned in the Tugela River. 

</doc>
<doc id="19959811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959811" title="Magic Kingdom of Landover">
Magic Kingdom of Landover

The Magic Kingdom of Landover series is a series of six fantasy novels by Terry Brooks following the adventures of a former trial lawyer named Ben Holiday, and the collection of friends and enemies that he encounters when he purchases a magical kingdom. The location of the novels centers in a fictional world known as Landover that is populated with numerous magical and fairy creatures. It takes its name from a humorous reference to "The Wizard of Oz", particularly its "land over the rainbow." It is a small world, surrounded on all sides by fairy mists which connect it to many other worlds, including Earth. Landover is a rural kingdom, populated by humans, gnomes, kobolds, and various other fantasy creatures, who often form separate societies. Their rulers, while answerable to the king, are allowed a certain degree of autonomy. Also inhabiting the land are the dragon Strabo and the witch Nightshade. Landover is protected by the Paladin, a magical knight who is a projection of its rulers. In the absence of a worthy ruler, the Paladin disappears and Landover falls prey to a physical decay known as "the Tarnish", which slowly spreads from the king's castle (Sterling Silver) to the rest of the kingdom. The Paladin's is one of the few magics in the land that can stand up against that of Strabo or Nightshade.
The books.
"Magic Kingdom for Sale — SOLD!" (1986).
The first novel is about the main character, Ben Holiday, and his discovery of an ad offering the kingship of a magic kingdom named Landover. He is soon crowned king, but must deal with a host of problems to solidify his throne.
"The Black Unicorn" (1987).
In the second novel, Holiday is disguised, supposedly by magic used by the evil wizard Meeks. He must figure out how to restore himself to the throne, meanwhile saving Willow in her dangerous quest to find the Black Unicorn.
"Wizard at Large" (1988).
Abernathy is accidentally transported to Earth by one of Questor's ill-conceived spells. Meanwhile, a demonic imp is unleashed upon Landover; Ben and his friends must find a way to get back Abernathy and stop the evil creature.
"The Tangle Box" (1994).
An inept conjurer/conman, Horris Kew, accidentally releases upon Landover an evil creature called the Gorse. The creature soon imprisons Ben, the dragon Strabo, and the witch Nightshade in a device known as the Tangle Box. They must find a way out while Ben's allies find a way to handle the new threat from the Gorse.
"Witches' Brew" (1995).
A usurper who claims to be from another world calls for Ben's abdication from the throne, and begins to send evil, magic creatures against him. Meanwhile, Nightshade kidnaps Ben and Willow's daughter, Mistaya, in a dangerous attempt to subvert her and use her innate magic. Meanwhile Questor and Abernathy are stuck back in Earth to meet up with an old friend, leaving Ben and Willow alone to deal with the new threat.
"A Princess of Landover" (2009).
Ben Holiday, Chicago lawyer and mere mortal turned monarch of enchanted Landover, has grappled with scheming barons, fire-breathing beasts, diabolical conjurers, and extremely wicked witches. None of whom have prepared him for the most daunting of challengers: a teenage daughter. Sent by Ben and his beloved sylph bride, Willow, to an exclusive girls' prep school, headstrong (and half-magical) Mistaya Holiday has found life in the natural world a less-than-perfect fit. And when her latest rebellious antics get her indefinitely suspended, she's determined to resume her real education – learning sorcery from court wizard Questor Thews – whether her parents like it or not.
But back home in Landover, Mistaya's frustrated father is just as determined that the precocious princess learn some responsibility, and he declares her grounded until she successfully refurbishes the long-forsaken royal library. Mortified by the prospect of salvaging a king's ransom in moldy books – and horrified by word that the repulsive local nobleman Lord Laphroig seeks to marry her – Mistaya decides that the only way to run her own life is to run away from home.
Major characters.
Ben Holiday.
Once a successful trial lawyer in Chicago, Ben's life takes a dramatic change when his wife Annie and their unborn child are killed in a traffic accident. Ben sinks into depression and no longer gains fulfillment through the law firm he established with his best friend, Miles Bennett. Seeing a Christmas catalog advertising a fairytale kingdom for sale, he purchases it for $1,000,000 in a desperate hope to find something meaningful again. The kingdom, called Landover, turns out to be very real and in need of a true king to restore it to its previous splendor. Ben is challenged at every step by a number of characters, all with seemingly different motives. He is eventually able to gain the respect of the citizens of Landover and establish himself as the true High Lord.
Meeks.
Meeks is the half-brother of Questor, and the one responsible for selling Ben the magic kingdom. He appears as a grizzled old man missing his right arm, and is in fact a very powerful wizard. Meeks came into possession of the medallion that identifies the kings of Landover and developed a scheme to repeatedly sell the kingdom with it. A buyer would purchase the medallion for access to Landover, and then when the victim either abandoned the kingship as too difficult or was killed, Meeks would retrieve the medallion and re-sell the kingdom. His plans were thwarted by Ben Holiday when Ben was able to successfully claim lordship of Landover, and cut Meeks off from the kingdom.
Questor Thews.
Questor is the court magician, and one of Ben's most trusted friends and advisors. He is the half-brother of the wizard Meeks, though Questor has taken a different path in his life, choosing to serve Landover and its king, rather than trying to control them. Frequently described by Ben as looking like a "scarecrow", with "patchwork robes", Questor's command of his magic is somewhat questionable, as his spells frequently backfire or have unintended consequences. Questor was responsible for transforming Abernathy into a Wheaten Terrier to disguise him from Michel Ard Rhi, the old king's son, but has not been able to turn him back. Despite his many mistakes, he has fought with the dragon Strabo and come out the victor (if only once, due to an emergency, and winning via a non-ending itch; this was, however, after a fair amount of fighting beforehand, including quite an ice storm that he summoned upon Strabo, and some rather odd misfires, such as a rain of flowers).
Abernathy.
Abernathy is the court scribe, and one of Ben's closest friends. Questor Thews turned Abernathy into a Wheaten Terrier, previous to Ben Holiday's arrival, to escape the cruelties of the old king's son. Questor, unfortunately, did not possess enough magical knowledge to return Abernathy to his human form, and Abernathy has not let Questor forget that fact. As the scribe, Abernathy is responsible for the day-to-day business at the castle, a task he excels at through his studious and thorough nature. Abernathy's natural tendency to be overly cautious helps to balance the impetuousness of Ben, and the unpreparedness of Questor.
Willow.
Willow is a sylph and Ben's wife. She is the daughter of the River Master and a wood elemental, giving her pale-green skin and emerald hair. Her dual nature is reflected in the fact that she must transform into a Willow tree once every 21 days to maintain her life force. She has a tense and distant relationship with her father, as her existence serves as a permanent reminder to him of the brief relationship that he desires to reclaim, but never can. And so it is to her mother that she turns for guidance.
Bunion & Parsnip.
Bunion and Parsnip are two kobolds who live in the castle and carry out the day-to-day chores. They act as groundskeeper and cook respectively, and are also very competent fighters and bodyguards. Their appearance is similar to a large-eared monkey with a mouth full of sharp teeth. They do not speak, but instead communicate through gestures, hisses and other vocalizations. The kobolds are fairy creatures that had come out of the mists surrounding Landover and have pledged their lives to the service of the throne of Landover.
Fillip and Sot.
Fillip and Sot are G'home Gnomes and brothers. Nigh inseparable, they always travel together and become semi-frequent companions of Ben's. Being incorrigible thieves, G'home Gnomes are considered pests by the majority of Landover's community. However, once Ben was able to prove his kingship, Fillip and Sot have proved loyal to him, if a bit of a nuisance. They have a tendency to trade on their relationship with Ben to circumvent the standard legal process and take their innumerable complaints directly to Ben himself.
The G'home Gnomes earned their tribal name at some unspecified point in Landover's past. When they first arrived, and the residents of Landover had learned of their kleptomaniac tendencies, members of the tribe were met with the wish/phrase "Go home, Gnome" by the general populace, expressing the general wish that they would all go home to wherever it was they came from. Over time this got abbreviated to "G'home Gnome" and eventually the wish became the name by which the tribe was known.
River Master.
The River Master is the lord of the Lake Country and the fairy folk that live in Elderew. He was originally a creature of fairy, but now lives apart from the mists. He is a gifted healer, and by his magic the Lake Country is kept healthy while the rest of Landover succumbs to the Tarnish. He is Willow's father, though their relationship is strained. He yearns to possess Willow's mother, a wood sprite, but cannot. This, combined with the fact that Willow will go to her mother and not him when she needs help, has resulted in a very cool relationship between father and daughter.
Nightshade.
Nightshade is a powerful witch who lives in the Deep Fell. She is one of the primary antagonists to Ben, along with Strabo the dragon. She possesses great magic, since she is from the fairy world, but has always used that power for greed and torture, which was why she was cast out of the mists and forbidden reentry. Later in the series she is sent to Earth by Haltwhistle the Mud-Puppy in defense of Mistaya. In crow form she is trapped in an aviary, but mysteriously disappears at the end of the latest novel.
Strabo.
Strabo is a dragon who lives in the desolate Fire Springs region. He is a solitary creature, the last of his kind, and is a frequent rival to Ben in his duties as king. He is one of the few powerful creatures of magic in the valley, along with Nightshade, although in "Tangle Box" and "Witches' Brew" he has proved to be not as evil as Nightshade. He is very honorable in his word. He has the ability to fly through the fairy mists into other worlds, such as Earth. He is very fond of Willow's singing voice.
The Paladin.
The Paladin is the king's champion and defender. His image is engraved on the medallion of the kings, and only a true king can summon the Paladin to fight for him. In truth, the Paladin is the spirit of an immortal warrior that resides within the medallion and is channeled through the king when needed. The secret of the Paladin is known only to the king of Landover. However, in the latter parts of "Witches' Brew", Ben confesses to Willow the relationship between himself and the Paladin.
Minor characters.
The demons of Abaddon are exiled from the fairy world, and would like to return to it. The only way for them to do so is through Landover, however, making them feel the need to conquer it. Before the coming of Ben Holiday, the Mark had proclaimed himself King of Landover, and repeatedly challenged the holders of the medallion to single combat. Since his defeat by Ben Holiday and the Paladin he has refused to openly fight against them again.
Locations.
Abaddon.
Abaddon is a netherworld that lies beneath Landover. Having no sun, moon, or stars, its sky is black, and the mountainous landscape of jagged peaks and deep gorges is lit only by the glow of molten lava and a strange white light that dances on the horizon. The demons of Abaddon are the worst exiles driven from the fairy world, and they are ruled over by the most powerful demon, called the Iron Mark.
The Deep Fell.
The Deep Fell is the home of Nightshade the witch. It is a vast sinkhole in the northwest part of Landover. The Deep Fell is connected to the fairy mists, and the G'home Gnomes sometimes sneak into the fell to scout for items to pilfer.
Elderew.
Elderew is the main city of the Lake Country people, and home of the River Master. It is surrounded by a dense marsh that can only be penetrated either way with the River Master's help. Inside the marsh is an open-air amphitheater where the fairy people hold their celebrations and festivals. The city itself is built into a group of huge trees, twice the size of California redwood trees, extending from ground to treetops. The cottages and shops of the city are connected by a network of tree lanes and stairways.
Moons of Landover.
Landover possesses eight moons, each one a different color: white, peach, pale mauve, burnt rose, sea green, beryl, turquoise, and jade. Two of the moons, peach and pale mauve, are visible during daylight hours, with the rest being only visible after dusk. The moons rise and set like normal satellites. During certain rare times of the year all eight moons are visible in the night sky at once. About every other month there is a new-moon phase, when some of the eight moons are below the horizon and the rest are in their dark phase, leaving the nighttime sky lit only by the stars.
Sterling Silver.
Sterling Silver is the name of the castle that serves as the home of the king of Landover. The castle itself is a living entity, personified as female. It sits on a small island surrounded by a lake, accessible (early in the first novel) only by a magical boat called the lake skimmer. After Ben became High Lord, he had the bridge across the lake rebuilt to allow more open access to the castle. As a magical entity, the castle is responsive to the moods and feelings of the king, and he in turn can sense the energy coming from its walls. One of the towers also holds the Landsview, a magical chamber that allows a user to instantly see any part of Landover as if rapidly flown there. In the absence of a king, the castle begins to fall victim to a form of physical decay, called the Tarnish. If unchecked, the Tarnish will eventually consume the castle and spread out into the whole of Landover.

</doc>
<doc id="19959816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959816" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Pennsylvania, 2004">
United States House of Representatives elections in Pennsylvania, 2004

The 2004 United States House elections in Pennsylvania was an election for Pennsylvania's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 2, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19959817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959817" title="Mundus Intellectualis">
Mundus Intellectualis

Mundus Intellectualis is the third album by thrash metal band Scatterbrain released in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19959819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959819" title="Podljubelj">
Podljubelj

Podljubelj () is a settlement on the road to the Ljubelj Pass in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveta Ana pod Ljubeljem" (literally, 'Saint Anne below Ljubelj') to "Podljubelj" (literally, 'below Ljubelj') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Anna".
Church.
The local church, dedicated to Saint Anne, stands right by the entrance to the Ljubelj Tunnel.
Mine.
In the hamlet of Lajba above the village is an abandoned cinnabar mine called Saint Anne's Mine () and parts of it have been made accessible to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19959837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959837" title="Hemi Doron">
Hemi Doron

Hemi Doron (, born 16 October 1956) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui, the Secular Faction and National Home between 2003 and 2006, and is currently mayor of Tayibe.
Biography.
Born in Rishon LeZion, Doron gained an LLB at the College of Management, and also studied political science at Tel Aviv University, before working as an insurance lawyer.
In 1993 he was elected to Rishon LeZion local council, where he served until 2003. Between 1993 and 1994 he was a delegate to the Zionist Congress, and was a member of the Zionist Executive Committee in 1994.
For the 2003 elections he was placed 14th on the Shinui list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 15 seats. During his first term, he was a member of the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, the Committee for Immigration, Absorption, and Diaspora Affairs, the Labor, Welfare and Health Committee, the Internal Affairs and Environment Committee and the Committee on Foreign Workers. He was also a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset.
Along with most of the party's MKs, he defected to the Secular Faction (which later became Hetz) on 26 January 2006. On 5 February he and Eliezer Sandberg broke away from the Secular Faction to form National Home. The new party was dissolved shortly before the 2006 elections and both Dorom and Sandberg joined Likud. However, neither were included on Likud's list, and both lost their seats. In primaries held in 2008, he won fifty-ninth on the Likud list for the 2009 elections.
On 28 August 2008 Doron was appointed mayor of the Arab city Tayibe by the Ministry of Internal Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19959839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959839" title="Holosko">
Holosko

Hołosko Wielkie () was a village in Lwów Voivodeship, eastern Poland, before the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland in September 1939. It is now a suburb of Lviv, Ukraine.
Hołosko Wielkie was a site of a fierce defence by the Polish 35th Infantry Division - Reserve ("35 Dywizja Piechoty - Rezerwowa") on September 15-16, 1939, against the invading German forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19959846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959846" title="Travers Collins &amp; Company">
Travers Collins &amp; Company

Travers Collins (TC)is an integrated marketing communications agency in Buffalo, New York. They specialize in public relations, digital marketing, advertising & media and strategic planning. The company was founded by Bob Travers and Bill Collins in 1995.
Business description.
Travers Collins is one of Buffalo-Niagara's largest locally owned and operated integrated marketing communications firms, employing a staff of 26. The company integrates public relations, advertising & media, digital marketing and strategic planning to fill a void that had existed in Buffalo. They work with a variety of local, regional and national accounts with very different marketing needs including food & beverage, manufacturing, healthcare, industrial, insurance, education, public service, retail and technology.
Clients include:
Travers Collins is a member of the Worldcom PR Group, the world's largest network of independent public relations firms, as well as the Transworld Advertising Agency Network (TAAN).
Awards and recognition.
Travers Collins received several advertising and public relations awards over the last 10 years. The Advertising Club of Buffalo and the Buffalo Niagara Chapter of the Public Relations Society of America recognized TC with best-of-show awards and gold, silver and bronze citations for their work. In 2008, TC won the most awards in both the Addy Awards and Excaliburs, a feat never accomplished by any other Buffalo agency. In the 2007 Addy Awards "Travers Collins & Co. finished first among agencies with 47 awards." TC was also the only agency to win Best of Show from both organizations in the same year and they have done it three times (1998, 2001 and 2003). Travers Collins was recognized in 2012 as the best place to work for young professionals by the Amherst Chamber of Commerce at its first annual Emerging Business Leaders Gala.

</doc>
<doc id="19959857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959857" title="Ostrea lurida">
Ostrea lurida

Ostrea lurida is a species of oyster that occurs on the Pacific coast of North America. This bivalve is approximately in length. The shell can be rounded or elongated and is white to purplish black and may be striped with yellow or brown. Unlike most bivalves, the Olympia oyster's shell lacks the periostracum, which is the outermost coating of shell that prevents erosion of the underlying shell. The color of the oyster's flesh is white to a light olive green.
Ostrea lurida lie with their left valve on the substrate, where they are firmly attached. Unlike most bivalves, the oyster does not have a foot in adulthood. They also lack an anterior adductor muscle and do not secrete byssal threads, like mussels do. Olympia oysters, like other bivalves are filter feeders. This means that they filter their surrounding water and screen out the phytoplankton they feed on. Olympia's filter between 9 to 12 quarts of water each day. This is an essential function to keeping marine waters clean. Their beds also provide shelter for anemones, crabs, and other small marine life. 
This species has been recovered in archaeological excavations along the Central California coast of the Pacific Ocean, demonstrating it was a marine species exploited by the Native American Chumash people.
[http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b9/Oly_Oyster.JPG]
Habitat.
Ostrea lurida live in estuaries, streams and small rivers. At higher elevations they will live in areas bordered by mudflats and in eel grass beds at lower elevation. The oysters attach to the underside of rocks or onto the shells of old oyster beds. Their habitats must have water depths of 0–71 meters, ranging in temperatures of 6-20 degrees Celsius, with a salinity above 25 ppt. However, the oysters can survive in areas with streams that cause a flux in the salinity. This flux will in fact protect them from parasitic flukes that cannot survive the change in salinity. 
This is the native oyster to the Puget Sound. It Ranges from Baja California to Southern Alaska.
Reproduction.
The Olympia Oyster spawn between the months of May and August, when the water reaches temperatures above 14 degrees Celsius. During the oyster's first spawning cycle they will act as a male and then switch between sexes during their fallowing spawning cycles. The males release their spermatozoa from their mantle cavity in the form of sperm balls. These balls dissolve in the water into free floating sperm. The female's eggs are fertilized in the mantle cavity (brooding chamber) when spermatozoa are filtered into her gill slits from the surrounding water. The fertilized eggs will then move into the branchial chamber (mantle cavity). The fertilized eggs will develop into veliger larvae and will stay in the females mantle cavity for 10–12 days for further development. On the first day the larvae develop into a blastulae (mass of cells with a center cavity), on day two they develop into a gastrulae (hollow two layered sac), on the third day they develop into trochophore (free-swimming, conciliated larvae), on the fourth day the valves on the dorsal surface become defined. During the rest of development in the brooding chamber the valves complete and a straight-hinged veliger larva grows.
When the spat (larvae) leave the brooding chamber, they begin to develop an eye spot and a foot. They then migrate to hard surfaces (usually old oyster shells) were they attach by secreting a "glue" like substance from their byssus gland. Ostrea lurida spat swim with their foot superior to the rest of their body. This swimming position causes the larvae to attach to the underside of horizontal surfaces.
Brood size is between 250,000-300,000, with larvae around 187 micromillimeters long and eggs around 100-105 micromillimeters in diameter. The amount of larvae produced is dependent on the maternal oyster's size and the amount of reserved nutrients she has at the time of egg fertilization. 
Threats.
The once thriving Olympia Oyster has been endangered by pollution from mills and outboard motors. Highway construction and over-harvesting has also affected their substrate by creating a lot of silt. This abundance of silt smothers the oysters. Over-harvesting also takes away the old shells that spat need to grow on.
They oysters are preyed upon by animals such as sea ducks and rock crabs (Cancer productus). They are also affected by a parasitic red worm (which lives in their anus), the Japanese oyster drill, the slipper shell (that competes for space and food), and shrimp. The ghost and blue shrimp stir up sediment that smothers the oysters. 
Status and Conservation.
Ostrea lurida is much more stable now due to the action of conservancy associations and new laws. These have worked to put a stop to the pollution from mills and create restrictions to prevent over-harvesting. During the harvesting seasons, people with permits now have to shuck their oysters on the beach to keep from depleting the oyster beds that the spat grow on.
There is still a market for Olympia Oysters in which farms commercially grow and sell them. This helps prevent the depletion of the native Ostrea lurida. 

</doc>
<doc id="19959878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959878" title="John Eastaugh">
John Eastaugh

John Richard Gordon Eastaugh was an Anglican bishop in the last third of the 20th century .
He was born on 11 March 1920 and educated at the University of Leeds and ordained in 1944. He began his career with a curacy at All Saints' Poplar and then held incumbencies at Hackney and Heston before a spell as Archdeacon of Middlesex. He was ordained to the episcopate as Bishop of Hereford in 1973 and died in post 17 years later on 16 February 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19959882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959882" title="Radio Voice of the People">
Radio Voice of the People

Radio Voice of the People (Radio VOP) is a radio station in Zimbabwe which broadcasts to the southern African region in English, Shona and Ndebele in the mornings and evenings on 9895 kHz and 7120 kHz on the 41-meter band respectively during the European summer and on higher frequencies thereafter.
In 2006 it won a One World Media special award.

</doc>
<doc id="19959898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959898" title="The Temple Mount Is Mine">
The Temple Mount Is Mine

The Temple Mount is Mine is a 2003 two-part documentary by Emmy Award-winning director Willy Lindwer that looks at why Muslims, Christians and Jews all lay claim to one of the holiest sites in the world.
Summary.
All three major Western religions trace the beginning of the world and the creation of the first man to the Dome of the Rock on the Temple Mount. On the same site that King David and King Solomon ruled, Jesus worshiped and Muhammad ascended into Heaven. The documentary captures the aesthetic beauty of the Holy Land as both religious leaders and average citizens explain the personal and historic importance of the Temple Mount.
Aerial shots of the city show the Dome of the Rock, hovering high above and glistening in the Middle Eastern sun. The camera also captures close-ups of the detailed mosaic exterior, which blends elements of Roman, Byzantine, Syrian, Hellenic, and Persian architectural elements, demonstrating the undeniable beauty of this Muslim house of prayer.
But the aesthetic beauty of the site contrasts with the animosity that has existed there for centuries. Through countless wars and battles, and many changes of hands, the Temple Mount’s history contains mostly conflict.
The documentary explains how the Holy Land’s long and turbulent history fuels the conflict over the Temple Mount. “We are not authorized to give up a heritage of our ancient fathers, who paid for thousands of years with self sacrifice,” a rabbi explains. The territorial argument extends as far back as the religions’ formations. “The Bible is our document, our right to this place,” a Jewish man insists. Muslims interviewed in the film differ.
See also.
Other documentary films about Israel:

</doc>
<doc id="19959912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959912" title="West Virginia (disambiguation)">
West Virginia (disambiguation)

West Virginia or Western Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19959914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959914" title="Charles Marie de Beaumont d'Autichamp">
Charles Marie de Beaumont d'Autichamp

Charles Marie Auguste Joseph de Beaumont, comte d'Autichamp (8 August 1770 – 6 October 1859, La Rochefaton). A brave but ponderous man, he was one of the few Royalist survivors of the War in the Vendée.
Life.
Revolution.
A captain in the régiment de Condé in 1789, the comte d'Autichamp emigrated then returned to France and was admitted to the Garde constitutionnelle du Roi. Although the latter was dissolved, on 5 June 1792, he continued to serve and escaped justice at the massacre of 10 August 1792. Taking refuge in Anjou in the house of his cousin and brother-in-law, Charles Melchior Artus de Bonchamps, he became one of the leaders of the Vendeen revolt, participating in the siege of Nantes in June 1793, won the battle of Chantonnay, on 5 September repulsed Louis Marie Turreau at Les Ponts-de-Cé, on 12 September. After the defeats at Cholet and Beaupréau, he captured the bridge across the Loire at Varades, allowing the Vendéens to cross and take Ancenis. After the death of the marquis de Bonchamps, he commanded one of the columns which tried in vain to take Granville, on 14 October. Captured at the battle of Le Mans, he managed to escape with help from the hussards in the Republican division of Tilly who gave him a hussard uniform. Freed after the pacification of Saint-Florent, he took up arms again under Nicolas Stofflet and, after Stofflet was killed, took over as head of the remains of the royalist army of Anjou and Haut Poitou. Conscious of his troops' weakness and disorganisation, he then negotiated with Lazare Hoche in May 1796. When peace returned, he spent some time in Paris then had to hide, since he fell under the law of hostages. Although favouring peace at the La Jonchere discussions, he resumed the war in 1799, failed before Cholet and was beaten at Les Aubiers.
First Empire.
The comte d'Autichamp submitted on 18 January 1800 and went into retirement until the fall of the First Empire. During the Hundred Days, he raised a small army of Vendéens and took Cholet without a fight, but was beaten at the Battle of Rocheservière, on 19 and 20 June 1815.
Bourbon Restoration.
Made a peer of France and inspector general of the infantry by Louis XVIII, he retired on the accession of Louis-Philippe of France and favoured the adventure of Caroline of the Two Sicilies, duchesse de Berry in 1832, leading to his exile for 7 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19959930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959930" title="The Daily Dispatch">
The Daily Dispatch

The Daily Dispatch is a community-oriented daily newspaper based in Henderson, North Carolina, primarily covering the North Carolina counties of Vance, Granville, and Warren. It is published daily except Mondays and Christmas Day.
Back-to-back winners in 2006 and 2007 of the North Carolina Press Association's General Excellence Awards for newspapers with 15,000 subscribers and less, The Dispatch was established as a daily newspaper on Aug. 12, 1914.
President and Editor P.T. Way started the publication as a four-page, 16-column daily version of his semi-weekly Henderson Gold Leaf on that date when World War I brought the need for up-to-date news of events abroad.
The newspaper took the name of the Henderson Daily Dispatch in 1915 when Henry A. Dennis joined the staff as the paper's news editor. The Gold Leaf reverted to a weekly edition that year and stopped publication following a fire in December 1946 at the newspaper office.
The Dispatch bounced back from the fire and operated in a temporary headquarters until its office was rebuilt in 1947. Ten years later, the company moved to a new plant and its current location at 304 South Chestnut Street in Henderson. It printed its first edition on a new 32-page rotary press on Monday, Dec. 2, 1957.
In May 1973, the company changed from the old "hot type" process of using molten lead to "cold type" printing, which relied on a typesetter.
In October 1980, The Dispatch installed a front-end system that handled all copy electronically, making typewriters almost obsolete. That system was replaced by a more modern system, using a pagination process, in 1990.
Dennis and his descendants managed the newspaper into the 1990s. Henry A. Dennis, M.L. Finch and S.A. Jones bought all of the company's stock upon Way's death in 1922. Dennis served as president and editor, while Finch served as business manager and secretary-treasurer until his death in 1973. Dennis died in 1979, leaving his family as sole stockholders and his son, William B. Dennis, as editor until his own retirement in March 1994.
The newspaper was sold to Paducah Newspapers Inc. in February 1994, and Rick Bean began a 10-year tenure as the publisher of the newspaper. He took the newspaper from an afternoon daily being published on Monday through Saturday to a morning edition with delivery on Tuesday through Sunday. The newspaper also changed its name to The Daily Dispatch and later launched the newspaper's website, www.hendersondispatch.com.
Bean is currently a group publisher for Paxton Media Group newspapers in North Carolina, Tennessee and Georgia, and the publisher of The Herald Sun in Durham, N.C., and the High Point Enterprise in High Point, N.C.
James D. Edwards became publisher of The Dispatch when Bean moved to High Point in 2004. He previously served as managing editor in the 1980s.
William B. Dennis's son, William A. Dennis, took over as editor following his father's retirement. Other editors have included James Dutra, Laverne Jefferies, Arthur Murray, Glenn Craven and Luke Horton.
The newspaper's current editor, Alan Wooten, joined The Dispatch staff in April 2012. Wooten became publisher/editor when Edwards left the newspaper in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19959964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959964" title="Hal Manders">
Hal Manders

Harold Carl Manders (June 14, 1917 – January 21, 2010) was an American professional baseball player, a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in 30 games for the Detroit Tigers (–; ) and Chicago Cubs (1946). 
Biography.
Manders was born in Waukee, Iowa. He attended the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa.
Manders played in 26 games in 1941 and 1942 for the Tigers. He also played in four games in 1946, two each with the Tigers and then two with the Cubs. Listed at tall and , Manders batted and threw right-handed. 
In a three-season MLB career, Manders posted a 3–1 record with a 4.77 ERA in 30 appearances, including one start, giving up 37 runs (five unearned) on 71 hits and 28 walks while striking out 28 in 60⅓ innings of work. He did not record a save.
Manders lived to be one of the oldest former Major League ballplayers, dying in Waukee, Iowa, at the age of 92. He is interred at the Waukee Cemetery. 
Manders' cousin was Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Bob Feller.

</doc>
<doc id="19959998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19959998" title="Emmanuel Nwachi">
Emmanuel Nwachi

Emmanuel Ikechukwu Nwachi (born October 10, 1988 in Durbi) is a Nigerian football forward currently playing for Dolphins FC.
Career.
He began his career with Plateau United before transferred to Kano Pillars in 2005. He left Kano after two years and moved in January 2007 to Sharks F.C.. On 13 October 2008, he left Sharks and moved to Bayelsa United F.C., helping them to a league title and securing a semi-final slot in the 2009 CAF Confederation Cup with the winning goal in the final group stage game at Stade Malien. Nwachi played on 16 January 2009 a training match for Start Kristiansand against Bryne FK. He joined Dolphins in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19960002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960002" title="Welcome to Hoxford">
Welcome to Hoxford

Welcome to Hoxford is a four-issue comic book mini-series created, written, and drawn by Eisner Award nominee and Spike Scream Award-winner Ben Templesmith and published by IDW Publishing.
The series focuses on a group of prisoners battling against Werewolves in a privately run prison.
Publication history.
The first issue was released on August 27 of 2008 by IDW Publishing.
Plot.
Ray Delgado, a delusional murderer, and a handful of other dangerous death row prisoners are transferred from the state run prison system to the Hoxford, a privatized correctional institution owned by the Russian based Usmanov Corporation. Dr. Jessica Ainley arrives at the prison to try and follow up on some of her old patients but her attempts are blocked by the Hoxford staff and her concerns for the prisoner’s well-being are ignored. As the new prisoners settle in, conflict arises and after a bloody incident in the showers the inmates are put under lock down. Dr. Ainley keeps trying to gain access to her old patients, and after a shocking encounter with Ray she is locked in the Warden's office with a strange old man who sheds some light on the Usmanov Corporation, until nightfall when he and the entire prison staff transform into Werewolves and begin hunting the prisoners. Ray, believing that as Cronos Lord of the Titans he must battle the monsters, leads the escaped prisoners to the prison armory where they stock up on weapons and then begin to fight back against the wolves.
Characters.
Humans.
Human characters include:
Werewolves.
The werewolves originate from Russia and live among humans. They operate under the guise of a Russian Corporation, which has allowed them to move out of Russia.
Film Adaption.
A live action fan film short adapted by Julien Mokrani and written by Samual Bodin was made in 2011. Original score composed by Seppuku Paradigm with additional music by Zombie Zombie.
Cast.
Jason Flemyng - Ray
Arben Bajraktaraj - Warden Gordon Baker
Dexter Fletcher - Morton
Scott Thrun - Young Ray
Mickael Troudi - The Beast
Elly Fairmann - The Rat/Ray's mother voice
Eric Fantone - Bus Driver

</doc>
<doc id="19960033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960033" title="Jacques Louis François Delaistre de Tilly">
Jacques Louis François Delaistre de Tilly

Jacques-Louis-François Delaistre de Tilly (2 February 1749, Vernon, Eure – 10 January 1822, Paris) became a general officer in the French army during the French Revolutionary Wars. He led a cavalry division in a number of battles during the Napoleonic Wars. His name is inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe.

</doc>
<doc id="19960044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960044" title="Love's Crazy">
Love's Crazy

"Love's Crazy" is the solo album from 112 member Slim. It was released on November 18, 2008. The first single from the album is "So Fly", featuring Yung Joc. The second single is "Good Lovin'", featuring Ryan Leslie and Fabolous. The third single is scheduled to be the remix to "Heels On" featuring Yung Berg and Deezo.

</doc>
<doc id="19960046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960046" title="LVI">
LVI

LVI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19960053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960053" title="Bellevue District">
Bellevue District

The Bellevue District (District 13) is a municipal district in the city of Gatineau, Quebec. It is represented on Gatineau City Council by Richard Côté. 
The district is located in the Gatineau sector of the city and includes the newer developments in the north-central part of the sector as well as rural area.

</doc>
<doc id="19960054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960054" title="Charles Brookins">
Charles Brookins

Charles Robert Brookins (September 17, 1899 – August 15, 1960) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Oskaloosa, Iowa and died in Des Moines, Iowa.
In 1924 he was disqualified in the 400 metre hurdles final at the Paris Games. He finished second in this race but was disqualified when ran out of his lane.

</doc>
<doc id="19960063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960063" title="Literacy Volunteers of Illinois">
Literacy Volunteers of Illinois

Literacy Volunteers of Illinois (commonly known as LVI) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that promotes adult literacy throughout Illinois. It serves families, adults, and out-of-school teens.
History.
Literacy Volunteers of Illinois (LVI) was founded in 1979 to serve as a technical assistance and training agency for volunteer literacy programs affiliated with the national Literacy Volunteers of America (LVA) organization. LVI initially served as a “mid-level” support system for local LVA affiliated programs with the goal of monitoring and providing training to programs to ensure that they were in compliance with LVA Standards.
The two recessions of the 1980s and the resulting displacement of millions of workers in the manufacturing industry who had difficulty finding new jobs based on their skill sets, sparked concerns about the literacy abilities of the nation’s population. The National Literacy Act of 1991 and the results of the National Adult Literacy Survey of 1993, which found that one in every four adults lacked basic literacy skills, also brought attention to the issue of low adult literacy rates in the U.S.
The national recognition of a need for adult literacy initiatives helped LVI earn funding for AmeriCorps*VISTA and AmeriCorps National Service Programs that place members in adult and family literacy programs around Illinois. In 1995, LVI also began the Jump Start Program, which recruits volunteers to act as tutors and mentors for incarcerated youth in the Illinois Youth Centers. LVI began by working with four LVA programs. Today, LVI provides resources and services to staff, tutors, and students in approximately 100 adult literacy programs statewide. 
Programs and Services.
Resource & Referral Center.
LVI serves as a clearinghouse for individuals interested in becoming volunteer tutors by connecting them with literacy programs in their communities. They also provide initial and in-service training to tutors and staff, an annual statewide staff development conference, and the annual tutor and adult learner On The Road To Literacy Spring conference.
National Service.
Since 1992, LVI has sponsored five different federal and state AmeriCorps and AmeriCorps*VISTA (Volunteers in Service to America) programs. These programs include the VISTA Literacy Corps, Project UPLIFT (Urging Partnerships in Literacy Initiatives for Families and Teens), Project I-CARE (Involving Communities in America Reads Endeavors), Project HEART (Hines Employees As Reading Tutors), and the current VOCAL (Volunteer Action in Community Literacy) Program. LVI has placed over 600 national service members in 150 adult, family literacy, and Head Start Programs throughout Illinois.
LVI began its involvement in national service programs in 1992 as a sponsor of the AmeriCorps*VISTA (Volunteers in Service to America) Literacy Corps. AmeriCorps*VISTA is a federally funded capacity building program that serves primarily low-income communities. With the goal of strengthening and expanding volunteer literacy initiatives in under served communities in Illinois LVI placed over 100 VISTA Literacy Corps members in a variety of adult and family literacy programs over the course of 15 years.
Sponsorship of the AmeriCorps*VISTA Literacy Corps eventually led to involvement in the AmeriCorps Program. Project UPLIFT, a collaboration on behalf of five agencies, was the first AmeriCorps Program that was developed. Members provided adult and family literacy services in communities served by the five agencies. It also acted as an incubator for two additional AmeriCorps Programs that became funded on their own – one at the Center for School Improvement at the University of Chicago and Project MORE at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
VOCAL AmeriCorps 
VOCAL (Volunteer Outreach for Community Action in Literacy) was founded by LVI in 2003 with funding from the Corporation for National and Community Service and is currently in its 10th year. Since its inception, 331 AmeriCorps Members have served as “literacy specialists” in 40 different community and faith based adult literacy programs in Chicago and the surrounding suburbs. Their roles include One-to-one and small group tutoring, recruiting volunteers to serve as tutors, and participating in a training and development program.
Correctional Education.
The Jump Start Program is a one-to-one tutoring and mentorship program operating in the Illinois Youth Centers (IYC) in the new department of Juvenile Justice . The program began in 1995 with a three year grant from the Retirement Research Foundation and support from the Retired Teachers Association. The Program continues to recruit retirees, especially retired teachers, with the skills to serve as volunteer tutors and mentors to incarcerated youth. LVI continues to work closely with School District #428 of the Illinois Department of Juvenile Justice in its efforts to raise the literacy levels of incarcerated youth.
Jump Start serves youth incarcerated in IYC’s in Chicago, Harrisburg, St. Charles and Warrenville. The target population of Jump Start is teens age 17 and over who are performing below a 9th grade level in reading and/or math. Jump Start tutors focus not only on academics, but also serve as mentors in order to address the emotional and social needs of at-risk youth. 
New Readers for New Life.
New Readers for New Life is a network of past and current adult literacy students. LVI provides consultation, training, and administrative support to the statewide organization. It also encourages students to be active participants in all phases of the learning process from choosing the materials they want to read to taking leadership roles within their programs. Every fall the New Readers organization sponsors a statewide conference for students, tutors, and staff of adult literacy programs.
Events and Fundraisers.
SCRABBLE for Literacy.
The first SCRABBLE for Literacy Challenge was held in the fall of 2004. The annual fundraiser, which is held in October or November, and is supported by the National Scrabble Association Local Clubs #240 and #601 and the Rotary Club of Chicago-Lakeview. Participants play one another in Scrabble and also bid on items during a silent auction.
New Readers Conference.
The New Readers Conference began in 1993 by the New Readers for New Life and is held annually in October or November. Over 1,000 individuals from 21 states have attended this event since its inception. This day-long conference is broken into workshops and discussions.
On the Road to Literacy Conference.
On the Road to Literacy is an annual daylong conference for Tutors & Adult Learners. LVI began organizing the conference in 1995. The conference consists of three rounds of workshops focused on topics relevant to the development of volunteer tutors and adult learners. There is also a featured keynote speaker and a ceremony recognizing outstanding volunteer literacy tutors from around Illinois. Each year awards are presented to the Tutor of the Year as well as the Partner Agency of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19960083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960083" title="Papyrus 44">
Papyrus 44

Papyrus 44 (in Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_144, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Matthew; John, it contains Matt. 17:1-3.6-7; 18:15-17.19; 25:8-10; John 9:3-4; 10:8-14; 12:16-18. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 6th or 7th century. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art (Inv. 14. 1. 527) in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19960091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960091" title="Anlage Süd">
Anlage Süd

Anlage Sud (English: "Installation South") was a pair of railway headquarters built for Adolf Hitler in southern Nazi-occupied part of Poland during the Second World War. Two reinforced tunnels were built near the rail line between Rzeszów to Jasło. One bunker was located in the village of Stępina (45 kms southwest of Rzeszów at ), the other was in the town of Strzyżów (30 kms southwest of Rzeszów at ). They were initially used for a two-day meeting between Hitler and Italian fascist leader, Benito Mussolini, on 27–28 August 1941.
Bunkers.
Both 480-metre long railway tunnels at Stępina and Strzyżów were built by the Todt Organization using Polish slave labor from nearby concentration camps. The shelters were constructed to be wide and high with reinforced concrete walls thick.
The tunnels were surrounded by barracks, personnel bunkers, and watchtowers. Other buildings were used for operations, administration, and maintenance. Inside each bomb-proof tunnel, there was a rail track and a platform. The tunnel portals were protected by two-wing armoured doors with firing embrasures for the guards. Purpose-built track connected the tunnels with the Rzeszów-Jasło railway.
Usage.
After the headquarters was completed in summer 1941, Hitler first visited on 27 August for a meeting with Mussolini. Both leaders arrived by train. Hitler’s train () stayed in the bunker at Strzyżów while Mussolini's engine and carriages were at Stępina. The actual meeting to discuss the war with Soviet Russia, which lasted several hours, was held aboard Hitler’s train, which he never left. The next day, his train was the first to depart. 
Hitler revisited the bunkers once more by train in October 1941. Other prominent visitors to use Anlage Süd included Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler, Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel and General Irwin Rommel.
By the summer of 1944 the facilities were abandoned because of the Soviet advance. When the Russians captured the tunnels in August 1944 they used them as field hospitals.
After the war, the Stępina bunker was used for mushroom production. Today it is a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19960106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960106" title="Electric Blue (TV series)">
Electric Blue (TV series)

Electric Blue was a soft core porn show that aired mainly on the Playboy Channel in the early 1980s. The show was produced in the UK. Many prominent porn stars performed on this show, including Ginger Lynn, Christy Canyon, Sasha Gabor, Traci Lords, Blake Palmer, Janey Robbins, Rick Savage, Jay Serling, Laurie Smith, Heather Wayne, and Jessica Wylde. This grouping of soft core porn first started in London under the direction of Paul Raymond, famous for his 'top shelf' men's magazines including Men Only and Club International. Paul Raymond also owned the Paul Raymond Review Bar, a striptease club in Soho London. The UK saw these shows on video tape, prior to them being picked by Playboy.
Distribution.
It appeared on home video releases in Australia and New Zealand in the early to mid-1980s.
Electric Blue were derived from the UK, and were a subsidiary of the Video Classics group of labels in Australia. After that company ended, "Electric Blue" films were released by Virgin Video. Then, in the mid-1990s, they were distributed by Columbia Tristar.
The type of films released by this company consisted of female centrefolds, nudity and sexual situations. Later on, Playboy in the USA basically copied what they did and aired the show on their channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19960110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960110" title="Dhahar">
Dhahar

Dhahar is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.
Overview.
Dhahar is the center of the Dhahar District.
The settlement has a number of academic institutions. According to the Puntland Ministry of Education, there are 5 primary schools in the Dhahar District. Among these are Mubarak Primary, Al-Raxma, Buraan and Al-Khayr. Secondary schools in the area include Mubarak Secondary.

</doc>
<doc id="19960124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960124" title="Arthur Morris (bishop)">
Arthur Morris (bishop)

Arthur Harold Morris (20 February 1898–15 October 1977) was an Anglican bishop in the 20th century.
Morris was educated at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge and ordained in 1923. He held incumbencies at Great Clacton and St Mark’s Hamilton Terrace, was then Rural Dean of St Marylebone before wartime service as a chaplain with the RAF. When the war ended he became Archdeacon of Halifax before his ordination to the episcopate as the third Bishop of Pontefract with the additional office of Archdeacon of Pontefract. He was translated to be the Bishop of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich in 1954. He retired in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19960132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960132" title="Chan Coulter">
Chan Coulter

Chan Frank Coulter (September 24, 1901 – August 22, 1991) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Johnson County, Iowa and died in Iowa City.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 400 metre hurdles event.
Brother Coulter was involved with the Phi Gamma Delta for over 60 years, volunteering his support and service. In 1978 an International Fraternity award was created in his honor, the Chan F. Coulter Cup. The award is given annually to the graduate brother who has contributed the most to an undergraduate chapter through service in a capacity other than as a Purple Legionnaire or General Officer.
During his junior year of college, he was a hurdler on the 1924 U.S. Olympic track team. Following graduation, he worked in the insurance business many years before he began farming, which he continued until his retirement in 1963. He served as House Corporation Treasurer at Mu Deuteron ( U. of Iowa) from 1953-1958 and then again from 1960-1967. He later served as Section Chief and as Purple Legionnaire of Mu Deuteron on two different occasions. Following his retirement, he did volunteer work for the American Legion, Veterans Hospital, and Farm Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="19960147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960147" title="Zllash">
Zllash

Zllash () is a mountain in eastern Kosovo, just east of the capital city of Pristina. It stands at high and is part of the Goljak mountains. There is also a village with the same name.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19960156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960156" title="Mohamed Youssef">
Mohamed Youssef

Club career.
Youssef began his professional career in the Egyptian Premier League with Al-Ahly, winning six league titles over an eight-year period. In 1999, he moved to Turkey where he played in the Super Lig for Denizlispor and Diyarbakirspor. He returned to Egypt to play with Egyptian Premier League side Al-Mokawloon al-Arab.
International career.
Youssef was the captain for Egypt team in 1992 Summer Olympics and scored a goal against Colombia. He made his debut with the first national team in a 1994 African Nations Cup qualifier against Morocco on July 11, 1993. Youssef made 51 appearances for Egypt national football team, including three matches at the 1999 FIFA Confederations Cup, three qualifying matches for the 1998 FIFA World Cup and two qualifying matches for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He won with Egypt the 1998 African Nations Cup, and also played in the 1994 African Nations Cup and 2000 African Nations Cup.
Coaching career.
Youssef began his coaching career as Hossam El-Badry's assistant at Al-Ahly in June 2009. Although El-Badry left on 22 November 2010, he remained as assistant manager at the club until El-Badry rejoined in May 2012. In late April 2013, Youssef was promoted caretaker manager, replacing El-Badry, who ended his second spell. Al-Ahly announced he would be in charge of the club until the end of the 2012–13 season. In June 2013, Youssef was eventually given the job on a permanent basis. He led Al-Ahly defending his title in 2013 CAF Champions League, won it and reached the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup.
Honors.
Club.
As a player:
Al-Ahly
Al-Mokawaloon Al Arab
As a coach:
Al-Ahly

</doc>
<doc id="19960198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960198" title="Demons (TV series)">
Demons (TV series)

Demons is a British six-part supernatural drama TV series produced by Shine Productions, which premièred on ITV on 3 January 2009. It was produced by the same company that made the Sky1 supernatural drama "Hex" and the BBC One fantasy series "Merlin". The DVD of the one series made was released on 6 April 2009.
Overview.
The plot follows the adventures of a London teenager Luke Rutherford, who learns that he is the last descendant of the Van Helsing line by the sudden arrival of his American godfather Rupert Galvin. Luke is charged with the role of smiting the gathering dark forces of the world whilst trying to live an ordinary life of exams and parties. Rupert Galvin helps train Luke with the assistance of Mina Harker, a blind vampiric concert pianist and authority on "half-lives" (i.e., vampires, demons, zombies, and werewolves). Luke's best friend Ruby also joins in on the action.
Reception.
"Demons" debuted on ITV with 6.27 million viewers. Episode 1 received mixed reviews. Andrew Billen gave the show 4 stars in "The Times" stating that whilst it had similarities with other previous TV series, the producers "certainly know how to steal with panache." Sarah Dempster wrote in "The Guardian" that "The action is snappy and Philip Glenister (as ace vampire smiter Rupert Galvin) sizzles like a hot steak in his Milk Tray turtleneck, but this is thin soup for an audience weaned on the otherworldly warmth of "Doctor Who" and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"" Charlie Brooker described the premiere episode as "a string of cutscenes from a quirky gothic videogame", stating that he was, "genuinely not sure if ITV are wheeling it out as a hit or sneaking it out as a clunker." Meanwhile, Kim Newman wrote in "The Times" that: ""Demons" is a show I'd really like to like, but it needs to free itself from the templates it's adopted to develop its own personality. The elements that intrigue all come from Stoker's still-influential novel, while the encrustations derive from more recent glosses on the great Van Helsing tradition." Kevin O'Sullivan gave "Demons" a more positive review describing it as, "diabolically daft...and wonderfully watchable." The second episode saw a drop in the viewing figures, achieving 5.58 million, and ratings continued to fall, plunging to 4.22 for the fourth episode and 4.04 for the fifth.
Philip Glenister's American accent has raised questions as to why he chose that voice for the series, with speculation forming that it was to distance himself from his "Life on Mars" and "Ashes to Ashes" character, Gene Hunt. Speaking at the "Ashes to Ashes" press launch Glenister said that: " was written as a Texan originally and I thought bollocks to that - I'm not playing a Texan. They said I could play him as English, but I wanted to have the challenge of playing an American."
On 26 February 2009, "The Sun" reported that Philip Glenister had said he would not return for another series which put the future of the whole show in doubt.
"Demons" premiered in the United States on 2 January 2010, on BBC America, airing at 9:00 pm ET/PT.
On 19 June 2009 ITV confirmed it would not be making a second series of "Demons".

</doc>
<doc id="19960220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960220" title="Belarus–Ukraine relations">
Belarus–Ukraine relations

Belarus–Ukraine relations are foreign relations between Belarus and Ukraine. Before 1991, both countries were part of the Soviet Union and before then of the Russian Empire, the Second Polish Republic, and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Today, the two countries share 891 km of border.
Belarus has an embassy in Kiev and an honorary consulate in Lviv. Ukraine has an embassy in Minsk and a general consulate in Brest. Both countries are full members of the Baku Initiative and Central European Initiative.
An agreement on the state border between Belarus and Ukraine signed in 1997 was to be submitted to the Belarusian parliament for ratification after Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenka and former Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko finished the process of the formalization of the border issues between the two states early November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19960236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960236" title="Channy">
Channy

Channy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19960244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960244" title="Constitutional Guard">
Constitutional Guard

When the National Constituent Assembly split on 3 September 1791, it decreed that king Louis XVI should have a Constitutional Guard, also known as the garde Brissac after its commander Louis Hercule Timolon de Cossé, duc de Brissac. This guard's formation was the only court reform to be put into effect, but it only lasted a few months, being superseded by the National Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="19960251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960251" title="Papyrus 47">
Papyrus 47

Papyrus 47 (Gregory-Aland), signed by formula_147, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Book of Revelation, it contains Rev. 9:10-11:3; 11:5-16:15; 16:17-17:2. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 3rd century. It gives the number of the beast as "666" (as opposed to 616).
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland ascribed it as a "Normal text", and placed it in Category I. 
The text of this manuscript is closest to Codex Sinaiticus, and they are witnesses for one of early textual types of the Book of Revelation. Another type is represented by manuscripts Papyrus 115, Codex Alexandrinus, and Codex Ephraemi.
It is currently housed at the Chester Beatty Library (Inv. 14. 1. 527) in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19960264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960264" title="Olivia in Concert">
Olivia in Concert

Olivia in Concert is a video, released in 1983, of a concert by singer Olivia Newton-John. It premiered on HBO.

</doc>
<doc id="19960278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960278" title="Military Historical Museum of Artillery, Engineers and Signal Corps">
Military Historical Museum of Artillery, Engineers and Signal Corps

The Military Historical Museum of Artillery, Engineers and Signal Corps (), also known simply as the Artillery Museum, is a state-owned military museum in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Its collections, consisting of Russian military equipment, uniforms and decorations, are hosted in the Kronverk (a crownwork) of the Peter and Paul Fortress situated on the right bank of the Neva near Alexander Park. The museum is managed by the Russian Ministry of Defence.
Location.
The museum is located on the southern shore of Petrogradskiy Island, directly across the Kronverkskiy Strait from the Peter and Paul Fortress. The nearest metro station is Gorkovskaya, which is approximately ten minutes by foot along the Kronverkskaya Embankment and Kamennoostrovskiy Prospekt.
Exhibits.
Among the exhibits are:

</doc>
<doc id="19960279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960279" title="Battlemorph">
Battlemorph

Battlemorph is a game released on the Atari Jaguar CD in 1995. It was developed by Attention To Detail, and published by Atari. 
It is the successor to "Cybermorph", a pack-in game for the Atari Jaguar released in 1993. The game takes place 30 years after the original, and is also set in the universe of The Pernitian Empire as with the original game. 
The game is thought to be an improvement on its predecessor "Cybermorph".

</doc>
<doc id="19960282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960282" title="Gotan Object">
Gotan Object

Gotan Object is a box set by electro/nuevo tango-band Gotan Project. This box set is in essence an expanded version of the double live album Gotan Project Live released simultaneously. The box set consists of:
- Double CD Gotan Project Live (La Revancha del Tango Tour/Lunático Tour)
- Unreleased 7" vinyl (featuring the 2 bonus tracks from the double live album)
- DVD Visiones (projections used during the tours)
- 152-page photo book titled Carnet de Viajes
- Puzzle poster 

</doc>
<doc id="19960341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960341" title="Tie chain">
Tie chain

A tie chain is a neckwear-controlling device. This accessory is composed of two parts, a durable clip and a chain (typically of gold or silver). The clip attaches to a button or attaches to the placket on the shirt and when properly worn is covered entirely by the tie. The chain is then left to rest across the necktie, keeping the tie secure.

</doc>
<doc id="19960351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960351" title="CanalSat Afrique">
CanalSat Afrique

CanalSat Afrique is an African version of CanalSat, available mainly in the francophone countries of Central and West Africa, as well as some non-francophone countries such as Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Cape Verde. The Service is broadcast off the Satellite NSS 7 at 22° West.

</doc>
<doc id="19960372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960372" title="Belgium–Mexico relations">
Belgium–Mexico relations

Belgium–Mexico relations are foreign relations between Belgium and Mexico. Belgium has an embassy in Mexico City and six honorary consulates around Mexico (located in Cancún, Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puebla, Chihuahua and Veracruz). Mexico has an embassy in Brussels. In 1836, Belgium—itself newly independent—recognized the independence of Mexico. In 1919, the Belgian Chamber of Commerce of Mexico was established. Belgium opened its embassy in Mexico on June 5, 1954.
History.
In the 16th century, Belgian tradespeople traveled to what would become Mexico, where some of them encountered the Inquisition. In 1537, Belgians began Mexico's first brewery. Starting in the 1830s, Belgian engineers worked in Mexico to build the first Mexican railroad with Belgian materials; there were even plans for a "Nueva Bélgica", a colony to be built in Chihuahua.
Charlotte of Belgium reigned as Empress of Mexico starting in 1864 as the wife of Maximilian I of Mexico. When her husband, Maximilian I of Mexico, faced execution, Belgium instructed its representative, Hoorickx, to assist the Austrian ambassador's ultimately failed efforts to persuade the Mexicans to grant clemency. In 1890 Belgium invested US$1.2 million to open a silver and copper mine in Michoacán. In 1900 Baron Moncher, the Belgian Minister in Mexico, wrote a study of the conditions and resources of southern Mexican states while "contributing in great measure to the development of the commercial relations between Belgium and Mexico." In 1903 the National Railroad of Mexico, in which the Mexican Government had a large financial interest, opened a standard gauge line. The turning of the previous narrow gauge railroad into a standard gauge railroad was accomplished with 25,000 tons of rails from Belgium. By 1913 the National Railroad of Mexico was lobbying the government of Victoriano Huerta not to grant any further rights to the Belgian syndicate competing against them. Again in 1926 Belgium was shipping 1,000 tons of steel rails for the railroad. In 1940 Belgian residents of Mexico supported Hubert Pierlot as Prime Minister of Belgium during the Nazi occupation.
Official visits.
In 2000 Vicente Fox, as president-elect, went to Belgium to discuss trade. In 2009, Prince Philippe, Duke of Brabant and a delegation of Belgian businessmen went to Mexico for a meeting with President Felipe Calderón to discuss areas of cooperation. The business delegation's efforts were focused on aerospace, engineering, infrastructure and manufacturing opportunities.
Diplomatic relations.
Diplomatic relations were started in 1825 when Mexico established consular relations with the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Belgium became independent in 1830, and in 1838, representatives were sent to Mexico. The first consulate-level representatives were sent to Mexico in 1842. In 1980, Mexican protesters peacefully occupied both the Belgian and Danish embassies to demand freedom for political prisoners and better living conditions for Mexicans.
Trade.
Just after the end of World War I, Mexico placed large orders for arms and ammunition from both Belgium and Spain. In 2007, Mexico ranked 38th among Belgium’s trade partners. Belgian exports to Mexico were EUR 748 million, up from EUR 707 million in 2006; they grew by 5.8%. Belgian exports to Mexico accounted for 0.2% of Belgium’s total sales. Belgian imports grew from EUR 812 million in 2006 to EUR 1,050 million in 2007; they grew by 29.3%. 0.3% of Belgian imports came from Mexico. The American/Belgian company Anheuser-Busch InBev owns a 50 percent share in Grupo Modelo, Mexico's leading brewer and owner of the global Corona brand.

</doc>
<doc id="19960374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960374" title="Le Grand Akshan">
Le Grand Akshan

Le Grand Akshan is a 2003 documentary film by Ron Goldman about a doomed ship's failed voyage to Mandatory Palestine that happens to uncover shocking family secrets.
Plot.
Reading a newspaper article about the search for the wreck of the , a small ship that was torpedoed and sunk carrying Jewish refugees from Axis-allied Romania to Palestine, Goldman is shocked when his grandmother reveals that his great-great-grandfather Luzer was one of the nearly 800 passengers who died that day in the waters of the Black Sea. This once-unspoken family history leads Goldman to dig deeper and further, until he has revealed a narrative that is deeply complex, and says more about his legacy than his ancestors ever hoped to share.
At the center of this narrative is Goldman’s great-grandfather, Luger’s son Grisha, a man whose tenacity earned him the professional nickname, "Le Grand Akshan", or “the truly stubborn one.” Goldman once considered his great-grandfather a source of embarrassment because of the corny middle name he inherited from the mysterious “man with the sharp, piercing look” whose picture hung in his grandmother’s study. He is shocked to learn the central role that Grisha played in helping his family escape the Holocaust. His heroics involved a harrowing series of moves that took him to Romania, Iraq, India and, eventually, the young state of Israel, where Grisha entered the nascent cinema industry. Goldman became fascinated with his great-grandfather, and the drive to learn more about him fuels Goldman to complete the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19960413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960413" title="Papyrus 48">
Papyrus 48

Papyrus 48 (Gregory-Aland), signed by formula_148, is an early copy of a part of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles, it contains portions of Acts 23:11-29.
The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 3rd century. 
Although the text of this codex is extremely small, the Greek text of this codex has been called a representative of the Western text-type. Aland placed it in Category IV. 
It is currently housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 1165) in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="19960416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960416" title="Hanwei Group">
Hanwei Group

Hanwei Group () is a company based in Dalian, China. It is China's biggest producer of eggs. In October 2008, it became embroiled in a scandal involving traces of melamine being found in its eggs.
Overview.
Hanwei group specialises in egg-based products and seafood. It is the biggest producer of eggs in China, exporting to Hong Kong, Macau, Japan, and Southeast Asia. Some processed egg products are exported to the United States.
History.
The company was founded by Han Wei, currently the vice-chairman of Dalian's Federation of Industry and Commerce. He is also a notable party delegate.
2008 Melamine scandal.
On 22 October 2008, authorities in Hong Kong removed Hanwei product "Select Fresh Brown Eggs" from shop shelves, as more than twice the legal limit of the plastic melamine was found in them. The eggs contained 4.7 ppm (part per million) of melamine, compared to the government imposed legal limit of 2.5 ppm for melamine in food. It is thought that the eggs became contaminated after the chickens which laid them were fed tainted feed. Melamine is commonly added to food to increase the apparent protein content. The practice is illegal.
On 29 October 2008, board director Han Wei issued a statement saying, "We feel rather shocked and sorry and would like to shoulder all responsibilities and consequences resulting from the incident." He admitted that no explanation for the delay has been given so far, though melamine had been found in the feed back in September. The company is planning to sue the feed producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19960420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960420" title="Juicy!">
Juicy!

Juicy! was an entertainment news program that premiered on August 11, 2008 on TV5. Hosted by Alex Gonzaga, IC Mendoza, Cristy Fermin and Shalala, the show features entertainment news, trivia, fan features, and interviews that highlight the Philippine entertainment industry. It was aired Weeknights at 12:00 midnight-12:30 AM until cancelation on August 3, 2012 just 8 days before their 4th Anniversary.
History.
2008-2009.
Newly branded TV5 unleashed its showbiz talk show last 2008, hosted by Alex Gonzaga. The goal of the show, which was then a 30-minute program airing every morning, is to provide allegedly unbiased entertainment news to the viewers unlike entertainment shows in fighting networks ABS-CBN and GMA Network. Later that year, the late and great Inday Badiday's grandchild, IC Mendoza, was chosen to co-host the show with Gonzaga. Viewers of the program, however, note that the shows lambasts stars from the two larger networks and only promotes "Kapatid", demonstrating an inconsistency on the premise of "lack of bias". 
2010-2012: "Juicy", now spicier and juicier!
Now that TV5 has gotten bigger and better, with new upcoming shows and bigger showbiz names joining the station, juicy! has also been busy reinventing itself. The daily showbiz talk show is now spicier with talk show hosts Mo Twister and Cristy Fermin joining the fold. Mo and Cristy got entangled in a nasty verbal feud back in 2006 over Mo's controversial "40 Forbidden Questions" that he asks to showbiz celebrities guesting on his radio show "Good Times with Mo". Incidentally, the two hosts also headline TV5's weekly Sunday showbiz talk show "Paparazzi" with Dolly Anne Carvajal and former "The Buzz" co-host Ruffa Gutierrez joining them.
Later on the almost everyday Guest Panel of the show, Shalala was hired as a regular panel of the show because of his comedic act and his "Bonggang" Blind Items. 
It was cancelled along with its weekend "version" Paparazzi but replaced with Ang Latest starting August 4, 2012
Awards and recognitions.
In the recent 25th Annual Consumers' Quality Awards, "Juicy" was adjudged as Best Entertainment Talk Show. It was the show's first award after airing for less than a year on TV. Hosts Alex Gonzaga and IC Mendoza also bagged respective awards as Best Female Talk Show Host and Best Male Talk Show Host.

</doc>
<doc id="19960421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960421" title="Fake Out Takes (Not for Production)">
Fake Out Takes (Not for Production)

Fake Out Takes (Not for Production) is a bonus album of outtakes, demos, and covers by rock band Virginia Coalition that came with preorders of Rock and Roll Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19960426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960426" title="Dennis McKinney">
Dennis McKinney

Dennis McKinney (born July 24, 1960) is a former Kansas State Treasurer and formerly a state representative in the American state of Kansas, where he represented the 116th House District. This district covers a large portion of south central Kansas, including: Barber County, Comanche County, Kingman County, Kiowa County, north Harper County, and southeastern Ford County. 
McKinney was appointed to the Kansas House of Representatives in May 1992 and was re-elected for nine terms. He served as the minority leader in that body, leading the Democrats from January 2003 until December 2008.
In his role as House Minority Leader, McKinney served on the State Finance Council, Calendar and Printing Committee, Interstate Cooperation Committee, and the Legislative Coordinating Council. He was also in charge of organizing activities of the caucus, streamlining legislative business, and uniting members on both sides of the aisle to accomplish goals for Kansas.
Prior to serving in the Kansas Legislature, McKinney served as a Kiowa County Commissioner from January 1989 through May 1992. He is a farmer on the family farm and also a stockman in Kiowa and Comanche counties. 
Dennis resides in Greensburg, Kansas with his wife Jean, their daughters Kelly and Lindy.
On November 18, 2008 Governor Kathleen Sebelius appointed McKinney Kansas State Treasurer to replace outgoing Treasurer Lynn Jenkins, who was elected to Congress. McKinney resigned his legislative post in early January to assume duties in the State Treasurer's Office on January 5, 2009. McKinney's replacement in the Kansas House of Representatives is Pat Maloney of Kingman.

</doc>
<doc id="19960439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960439" title="George Clarkson">
George Clarkson

George William Clarkson (11 December 1897 – 15 August 1977) was an Anglican bishop in the 20th century.
Clarkson was educated at New College, Oxford and ordained in 1927. He was then successively a curate in Wigan, Vicar of Aspull, Sub Dean of St Albans Cathedral (and Rural Dean of Dunstable) before his ordination to the episcopate as the fourth Bishop of Pontefract with the additional title of Archdeacon of Pontefract. In 1961, in controversial circumstances not of his own making, he became Dean of Guildford, a position he held for seven years. In retirement he continued to serve as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Lincoln until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19960448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960448" title="Blast from the Past (album)">
Blast from the Past (album)

"Blast from the Past" is a two CD compilation album that contains re-recordings of older Gamma Ray material from the Ralf Scheepers era, with Kai Hansen singing the vocals, and remasters of more recent tracks. All instruments for old songs were also re-recorded, with new arrangements, by the then current members of the band.
The songs from each era to be included in the compilation were chosen by the band fans.

</doc>
<doc id="19960474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960474" title="Vishwambari">
Vishwambari

Vishwambari is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 54th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Vamshavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 9th "chakra Brahma". The mnemonic name is "Brahma-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu mi pa dhu nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
"Shuddha rishabham, antara gandharam, prati madhyamam, shatsruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham" are the notes used in this scale, other than "shadjam" and "panchamam". As "Vishwambari" is a "melakarta", by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Hatakambari", which is the 18th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Vishwambari" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Vishwambari".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to Vishwambari are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Vishwambari's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other minor "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Shamalangi" and "Ganamoorti". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Ganamoorti".

</doc>
<doc id="19960490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960490" title="2004 BMW Open – Singles">
2004 BMW Open – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Nikolay Davydenko won in the final 6–4, 7–5 against Martin Verkerk.

</doc>
<doc id="19960502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960502" title="Special Service Battalion">
Special Service Battalion

The Special Service Battalion (SSB) is a South African military unit formed on 1 May 1933 under the patronage of Oswald Pirow, Minister of Defence. The object was to give training to youths, between the ages of 17 and 23, who, in the wake of the 1929 depression, could find no suitable employment on leaving school.
History.
Lt Col George E Brink was given the responsibility for establishing the battalion at Roberts Heights and was the first commanding officer. The SSB was established to save the youth from physical and moral degeneration caused by massive unemployment due to the Great Depression. The SSB was to teach the young men military discipline, fitness and various trades to enable them to be employed by the Department of Labour and Welfare. The SSB men received a salary of a shilling a day causing the SSB soon to be known as the "Bob a Day Battalion"
In 1934 detachments were also established for 100 trainees at Durban and 150 at Cape Town. Training included elementary military subjects and physical training. After a year of the young men usually found employment in government departments or with civilian employers. By 1936 the output of the SSB totalled about 2000 youths a year. In 1937 the South African Railways established at Roberts Heights a special school to prepare boys for the railways. In 1937 3788 youths passed through the ranks of the SSB. A total of 882 of them joined the Permanent Force.
With the expansion of the South African Air Force in 1937 the SSB provided 248 air apprentices for special training but, with the improvement in the economic situation, the waiting list to join the battalion had dwindled to almost nil.
With the outbreak of war in September 1939, members of the SSB were posted to units requiring immediate reinforcement to get on to a wartime basis. An example of this being the Coastal Artillery. In February 1940 a number of troops were transferred to the 1st and 2nd Field Force Battalions. These served with distinction in East Africa, Abyssinia and the Middle East as part of 1st South African Division.
In August 1941 all members of the SSB below the age of 18 were transferred to the Youth Training Brigade. The remainder formed an infantry battalion, which was converted to an armoured car commando in 1942.
In February 1943 the SSB, under Lt Col EG ('Papa') Brits, became part of the 11th SA Armoured Brigade. In March 1943 the Field Force Battalion was disbanded and other ranks and some of the officers were transferred to the SSB, thus providing a nucleus of battle-tested veterans.
The unit sailed for the Middle East with the 6th SA Armoured Division in April 1943. In 1944 the division crossed the Mediterranean Sea to take part in the Italian campaign. The regiment played a prominent part in numerous actions during the campaign.
In 1946, SSB was resuscitated as a Permanent Force unit and reorganised on a two-battalion basis with the 1st Battalion as an armoured unit and the 2nd Battalion infantry. The former became a training regiment in 1953 and the latter was renamed the 1 South African Infantry Battalion (1SAI) in 1951.
Regimental Symbols.
Red tabs.
<br>
The South African Defence Act (Act No 13 of 1912) was vague in its description of where members of the Union Defence Force could be deployed. Because the act could be interpreted as not making provision for active service by UDF units beyond the Union's borders and "the prevailing tense political climate", Field Marshal Jan Smuts, the prime minister, declared that only volunteers would make up a fighting force beyond the country's borders. The volunteers were required to sign a document known as the 'Africa Oath', in which they declared that they would be prepared to fight anywhere in Africa. They were distinguished from other members of the UDF by orange-scarlet shoulder tabs worn on their uniforms and commonly referred to as 'red tabs'.
According to Professor Andrè Wessels of the Department of History at the University of the Orange Free State, Bloemfontein, “the wearing of these tabs caused a lot of resentment, by stigmatising both those who were prepared to fight and those who opposed active involvement (depending on one's political outlook), and was one way of exerting pressure on UDF members to volunteer for active service”.
Museums.
The regimental museum of 1 Special Service Battalion in Bloemfontein tells the story of the special unit that was born as a result of the Great Depression. Articles in the museum date from this period.
The SA Armour Museum, on the grounds of Tempe Military Base, exhibits various items dealing specifically with military armour. It consists of an indoor-, outdoor-, and reference library area.
Further reading.
W.Otto et al.: "Die Spesiale Diensbataljon"/"The Special Service Battalion" (Central Documentation Service, SA Defence Force, Publication No. 2,1973)

</doc>
<doc id="19960505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960505" title="Western Magpies Australian Football Club">
Western Magpies Australian Football Club

The Western Magpies Australian Football Club is the senior Australian rules football club of the western suburbs of Brisbane which competes in Division One of the AFLQ State League. The club is based at 41 Chelmer st, Chelmer, at the same grounds as the Sherwood Junior Australian Football Club and fields a team in the AFLQ senior, reserve, under 18 and women's grade competitions. The Western Magpies AFC provides a focal point for talented players from all of the junior clubs that lie within Brisbane's western suburbs (Collingwood Park, Ferny Grove, Forest Lake, Kenmore, Jindalee, Moorooka, Sherwood, Southern Redbacks, Springfield Lakes, Wests Juniors, Yeronga). The club aims to provide a pathway into the AFL for players from these junior clubs, develop the network of surrounding senior and junior Australian rules football clubs, and provide a fun, friendly, family oriented hub for local football in the western suburbs. The Western Magpies Australian Football Club and Sherwood Junior Australian Football Club are sponsored by Tradelink (major sponsor), Hog's Breath Cafe and Cleanway (secondary sponsors).
There have been a number of senior clubs (Taringa, Western Districts, Sherwood, and West Brisbane) based within the western suburbs of Brisbane that have competed in the highest division of local football. These clubs were all forced out of existence over time, and the Western Magpies AFC resembles a culmination of the area's historical and continuing football presence and strength. The current club has been playing in Division Two of the AFL Queensland State League since 2004, but is being promoted into Division One from the commencement of the 2009 season under the guidance of President Brian Knight, Senior Coach Paul Grentell and Club Development Manager Anthony McDonald.
History.
The Western Magpies Australian Football Club was formed as the State League representative of Brisbane's western suburbs, incorporating the history of the previous clubs to compete in the AFL Queensland State League.
Taringa AFC.
A Taringa Football Club competed in the QFL (an early form of the AFL Queensland State League) in the 1920 season. The club only appeared in the State competition for that single season, but resurfaced by entering the newly titled QANFL in 1931. The club's emblem was the bulldog, and the club colours were maroon and white. Despite making it to five grand finals Taringa was unable to secure a premiership, but it produced two De Little Medalists in C.Vigden (1939) and Doug Pittard (1940). Taringa changed its name to the Western Districts Australian Football Club in 1946.
Western Districts AFC.
The Western Districts Australian Football Club came into existence in 1946 when the Taringa Football Club changed its name to incorporate the whole of Brisbane's western suburbs. Western Districts kept the emblem (the bulldog) and colours (maroon and white) of Taringa and were originally based at Oakman Park, Toowong but moved to Chelmer Oval, Queenscroft st, Chelmer in 1971. The club continued to grow steadily, finishing in third place in 1951, and losing to Mayne by merely one point in the 1952 grand final. The club learned from their narrow loss, defeating Windsor and Sandgate respectively in the 1953 and 1954 grand finals to secure their first and second premierships. Western Districts were unable to qualify for the finals between the years of 1956 and 1962, before suffering consecutive grand final losses at the hands of Mayne in 1966 and 1967. The club's next, and last ever, grand final appearances came consecutively in 1977, 1978 and 1979. The Bulldogs narrowly won premierships by 5 points against Wilston Grange in 1977, and by 4 points against Windsor/Zillmere in 1978, before losing what would be their last grand final appearance to Sandgate in 1979. Western Districts eventually merged with Sherwood in 1991 to form the West Brisbane Australian Football Club. The Western Districts Australian Football Club had a number of very successful players in their midst throughout their existence. Doug Pittard won two Grogan Medals during his time at the club to go with his De Little Medal he won with Taringa, and played a handful of games for the Footscray reserves. Owen Backwell was also a dual Grogan Medalist for the Bulldogs, who topped the league goal kicking in 1977, played over 300 games for the club, including the 1977 and 1978 premierships, and had a short stint with the Fitzroy Football Club. Ray Hughson topped the league goal kicking while playing for Western Districts a remarkable six times (1958, 1959, 1962–65), while Gavin Crosisca (over 250 AFL games for Collingwood), Ray Smith (over 100 VFL games for Essendon and Melbourne), and Gary Shaw (Collingwood and the Brisbane Bears, and still coaches at the Western Magpies) all went on to play in the VFL/AFL.
Sherwood AFC.
The Sherwood Australian Football Club developed out of the Sherwood Junior Australian Football Club, which was formed in 1956. As the junior club grew in size, there was a desire to have a direct senior team for the Sherwood JAFC, which saw the Sherwood AFC formed to compete in the Metropolitan Division of the QAFL. The club was based at Chelmer Oval, 41 Chelmer st, Chelmer, directly next to the Queenscroft st ground of the Western Districts, which is the current home of the Western Magpies. The club took on the black and white stripes of their junior club as well as the emblem of the magpie, both of which are still thoroughly attached to the club to the current day thanks to the winning of a coin toss with Southport (who had previously had the same colours and emblem) upon the entry of both clubs to the QAFL in 1983. This occurred after Sherwood managed to work their way up through the divisions, after winning eight first division flags in a row they earned their 1983 promotion into the QAFL. In 1991 Sherwood AFC merged with the Western Districts to form the West Brisbane Australian Football Club, which could be a single footballing force in Brisbane's western suburbs. Players of particular note for the Sherwood AFC include John Rantall, the 336 game South Melbourne, North Melbourne and Fitzroy VFL veteran who coached Sherwood in their debut season in the QAFL, and 1983 Grogan Medal winner, Bill Pierce, whom the Western Magpies best and fairest in now named after.
West Brisbane AFC.
A merger between the Western Districts AFC and the Sherwood AFC in 1991 saw a single senior force in the western suburbs formed in the form of the West Brisbane Australian Football Club. The merged club adopted the maroon and white colours of Districts Australian Football Club with the jersey design of the Port Adelaide Magpies football club, played out of Chelmer Oval, Chelmer and were nicknamed The Warriors. The club was successful in winning a premiership in the 1996 season, comfortably defeating Mt Gravatt 17.10 (112) to 8.10 (58), with Corey Lambert claiming that year's Grogan Medal. Unfortunately, due to financial reasons West Brisbane were unable to compete in the following year's competition and had a few seasons out of the State competition before returning as the re-branded Western Magpies Australian Football Club in 2001.
The Current Club.
The West Brisbane Australian Football Club that disbanded at the end of 1997 reformed in 1999 under the name of the Western Magpies Australian Football Club and in 2001 re-entered the QAFL which had merged with its Gold Coast equivalent to become the AFL Queensland State League. After four years of mediocre on-field performances and financial struggles, when the AFLQ decided to undertake a major re-shuffling of the leagues in 2004 to create a two tier State League competition the Western Magpies were relegated to the newly created Division Two. Paul Grentell was appointed the club's senior coach, and the Magpies set about strengthening every aspect of the football club in the hopes of returning to Division One. The senior team narrowly missed out on a place in the 2005 Division Two grand final, but were successful in reaching the grand final in 2006, 2007 and 2008. The Western Magpies defeated the Noosa Tigers in the 2006 decider, before losing to the Palm Beach Currumbin Lions in the final game of 2007. Despite losing the 2007 grand final, it was announced at the end of that year that the Western Magpies would be returning to Division One of the State League in 2009. The Magpies rebounded from their 2007 loss to Palm Beach to end the Lions 38-game winning streak at their Chelmer home ground during the 2008 home and away season, and followed this up by defeating the Lions again in a thrilling grand final. This capped the club's time in Division Two off nicely, leaving them with two premierships (2006 & 2008) and three grand final appearances (2006–2008) from their four years in lower division. During this four-year period, the reserves team played in the Division Two grand final (each year 2005–2008), winning premierships in 2005, 2006 and 2007, while the under 18 and women's teams both continued to participate in Division One of their competitions.
Links To Other Local Clubs.
The Western Magpies enjoy close relationships with all of the junior and senior clubs within Brisbane's western suburbs in their role as the focal point for football ball in the area. All junior clubs within the area are encouraged to promote the Western Magpies as the pathway into the AFL for young players in the western suburbs. In a similar way, the club also relates closely with the surrounding senior clubs, as they also provide a pathway for players to play at a standard of football that best suits their ability. In particular, the Western Magpies work closely with the Sherwood Junior Australian Football Club and the Kenmore Australian Football Club. The junior clubs within the western suburbs that the Western Magpies work with include;
Sherwood Junior AFC.
The senior Western Magpies club is based out of the same grounds and facilities as the Sherwood Junior AFC. The two clubs are both affiliated with the Sherwood Football social club, and Sherwood Junior AFC acts as one of the many local feeder clubs to the Western Magpies, with many juniors moving up from the Sherwood juniors into the senior club. The Sherwood Junior AFC's aim is to produce quality players to graduate into football with the Western Magpies, and eventually to the AFL. The official website of the Sherwood Junior AFC is located at www.sherwoodafc.com.
Kenmore AFC.
The Kenmore Australian Football Club are a separate club who play in Division One of the AFLQ State Association. The Kenmore Bears and the Western Magpies enjoy a close relationship that sees players transfer between the two clubs in order to play the best possible level of football. The two clubs' grounds are situated next to each other in Chelmer, with Kenmore playing out of the Queenscroft st grounds that were once those of the Western Districts Australian Football Club. In 2008 these grounds were closed for redevelopment, and Kenmore played their all of their home games for that season on the Western Magpies field. The official website of the Kenmore Bears is located at www.kenmore.aflq.com.au.
2008 season.
The Western Magpies Australian Football Club competed in the Pineapple Hotel Cup in 2008, the Division Two competition of the AFL Queensland State League. The president for 2008 was Matthew Vowles, who entered the position in 2007, and the captain Chris Mihalopolous, a junior of the Sherwood Junior AFC. Paul Grentell, who took over the position as senior coach in 2004, was to coach the senior team in 2008, assisted by Peter McClennan (reserves coach), Hadyn Dowley, Quentin Johnson and Brian Millar. After being defeated by the Palm Beach Currumbin Australian Football Club in the 2007 grand final, the Western Magpies went through the 2008 home and away season with fifteen wins out of eighteen games to sit second on the ladder to the Palm Beach Currumbin Lions before the commencement of the finals series. The Magpies's only losses were against Palm Beach Currumbin (Round 1), Coolangatta Tweed Head (Round 2) and Burleigh (Round 16), and one of the most memorable victories came in Round 14, when the Magpies defeated the Palm Beach Currumbin Lions 18.8 (116) to 5.16 (46) to end the Lions's 34-game winning streak. The Western Magpies and the Palm Beach Currumbin Lions both made it through the finals series into the 2008 AFL Queensland State League grand final for a rematch of the previous year's grand final. The two clubs fought out a tough contest, which saw the Lions lead throughout the first three quarters of the game. The Magpies lifted during the third quarter to close in on the minor premiers, and managed to kick six goals to two in a thrilling final quarter to take out a nail biting decider, 16.8 (104) to 14.17 (101). The Magpies reserves went through the home and away season with only two losses, to Wilston Grange and Burleigh. This left the team on top of the ladder, one game clear of their closest rivals. The reserves won their way straight through to the grand final, where they were unable to make it four consecutive Division Two premierships, being soundly beaten by Aspley 10.8 (68) to 21.7 (133). The Western Magpies under 18 team won three of their matches curing the season, and were unable to secure a place in the finals.
Award Winners.
The following awards were presented at the Western Magpies Australian Football Club presentation night on the 18th of October.
2009 season.
It was announced at the end of 2007 that the Western Magpies would be returning to Division One of the AFL Queensland State League from 2009. After achieving successful results, it was felt that the Magpies had made enough progress to warrant a western suburbs presence in the State League. In 2008 the club hired Anthony McDonald as Club Development Officer to assist in the progression up to the State League, and began interviewing potential players to bolster their playing list for the 2009 season. The club's existing young talent was bolstered by the signings of 2007 Tasmanian under 18 representative Matt Dillon and former St Kilda rookie and Western Magpie junior Ed McDonnell but overall the Magpies failed to recruit many top level players. The Western Magpies senior squad were put through a tough pre-season program before hosting the Redland Bombers in round one of the season. The Magpies seniors team were unable to get a victory in their first match in the AFL Queensland State League, losing by 48 points in a match that has so far set the tone for their season. The Western Magpies seniors are currently yet to record a victory in the 2009 season, as seen in the table of results below;
Honour List.
Senior Premierships.
Queensland Australian Football League 
AFL Queensland State League – Division Two
SEQAFL Division One - PHC
Grogan Medallists.
Note: Prior to 1946, the Grogan Medal was titled the De Little Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19960528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960528" title="Sutliff, Iowa">
Sutliff, Iowa

Sutliff is an unincorporated community in Johnson County, Iowa, United States, just south of Lisbon. The community was founded at the location of Sutliff's ferry. The ferry was operated from 1838 or 1840 onward by Allen (or Allan) C. Sutliff (1796–1873), the elder brother of the Ohio Supreme Court Judge Milton Sutliff (1806–1878). The community is known for its bridge, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, which was badly damaged during the Iowa Flood of 2008. Baxa's Sutliff Store & Tavern is the main public business.The Sutliff Store has been sitting on the banks of the Cedar River next to the Historic Sutliff Bridge since 1899. 

</doc>
<doc id="19960532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960532" title="Vehicle registration plates of Botswana">
Vehicle registration plates of Botswana

Vehicle registration plates of Botswana for normal motor vehicles begin with the letter "B", followed by three numbers, followed by three letters. The digits and letters are assigned by a registrar. The three letters will never include the letter Q. These number plates have either a white or yellow reflective background with black lettering. Public passenger number plates have white lettering on blue background.
Government Vehicles all a have the prefix "BX", except defense force vehicles which have the prefix "BDF" - these number plates have a white reflective background with red lettering.
Diplomatic vehicles' number plates starts with two digits, two letters (CD, CC or CT) and another three digits. These digits are allocated by the Minister of Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19960538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960538" title="Live at the Sydney Opera House">
Live at the Sydney Opera House

Olivia Newton-John and the Sydney Symphony: Live at the Sydney Opera House is a HD video (16:9) released in 2008 for a tour of four concerts at the Sydney Opera House of singer Olivia Newton-John. The show was done in March 2006 with her band and Sydney Symphony conducted by Rick King. Produced by Olivia's Gaia Productions.
External Scenes.
In the DVD, the songs are merged with Newton-John and her daughter Chloe Lattanzi and band with visiting the beautiful sights of Sydney. The scenes outside take place mostly at Manly Beach and last about 20 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19960542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960542" title="Bulgaria–Netherlands relations">
Bulgaria–Netherlands relations

Bulgarian-Dutch relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and the Netherlands. Bulgaria has an embassy in The Hague. The Netherlands has an embassy in Sofia. Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19960550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960550" title="Enric Duran">
Enric Duran

Enric Duran Giralt (Vilanova i la Geltrú, 23 April 1976) also known as "Robin Bank", "Robin Banks" or the Robin Hood of the Banks is a Catalan anticapitalist activist and member of the "Temps de Re-volts" collective. On September 17, 2008, he publicly announced that he had 'robbed' dozens of Spanish banks of nearly half a million euros as part of a political action to denounce what he termed the "predatory capitalist system". 
From 2006 to 2008, Duran took out 68 commercial and personal loans from a total of 39 banks with no guarantees or property as collateral. He had no intention of repaying the debts, and used the money to finance various anti-capitalist movements. In 2008, Duran released both an online article entitled ""I have “robbed” 492,000 euros from those who rob us the most, in order to denounce them and build alternatives for society"" (translated), and an online video, each explaining what he had done and that he had left the country to view the reaction and consider his next move. This was also published in the free magazine "Crisis", in Catalan, of which 200,000 copies were printed and distributed by volunteers throughout Catalonia. A second newspaper, "We can! Live Without Capitalism" was distributed on March 17, 2009, and a third, "We" on September 17, 2009.
Stated reasons for civil disobedience.
Duran stated that he sought to create a debate about the financial system and the current capitalist system, proliferate protest actions against it and fund the social movements that seek to create alternatives. Duran called his action one of 'financial civil disobedience', and stated that he was prepared to go to prison for his actions. He planned for the anniversary of his declaration (September 17, 2009) to be an action day where people meet, both in Spain and abroad, to share alternatives to capitalism.
Response of authorities.
In 2009 Duran returned to Spain, and was arrested by Spanish police on March 17, 2009 at the University of Barcelona, as charges had been brought against him by six of the thirty-nine banks concerned. He spent two months in prison before being freed on a bail of 50,000 euros.
In November 2011, a presentation was made to a civil judge requesting the annulment of his contract with Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria. On November 25, 2011, the state prosecutor requested that the judiciary pass down an 8 year prison sentence for Duran, for the crimes of presenting false documents (in securing his loans) and continued insolvency. The defence attorney based his case on the fact that imprisonment for unpaid debts has been abolished in Spain. Duran himself responded by maintaining that "I do not think that the judiciary is entitled to judge" (translated from Catalan), due to their disinterested response to the financial speculators who have made necessary great suffering for much of the European population, and to the September 2011 changes to the Spanish constitution to make the repayment of debts the absolute priority of the country. He also claimed his actions as an act of social justice - an attempt to redress in some small way such injustices perpetrated by those in power.
Duran cited the pardon granted to the chief executive of the Banco Santander, Alfredo Saenz, in November 2011, as an example of the bias of the judiciary towards the powerful and well-connected, and argued that "when the government violates the rights of the people, insurrection is the most sacred of rights and the most indispensable of our duties" (quote translated from Catalan). He called on his supporters not to waste time campaigning for his acquittal or release, but rather to follow his acts of civil disobedience towards the banks with their own. In March 2012 he released a video explaining his legal situation and making the same call.
Previous activism.
Duran was involved in the "Look for the abolition of debt" campaign(1999/2000), the "Global Resistance Movement" (2000/2002) the "Campaign Against the World Bank"(2001) and the "Campaign Against the Europe of Capital"(2002) 
Catalan Integrated Cooperative.
In April 2010, Duran began promoting the Catalan Integrated Cooperative as a practical example of the ideals detailed in "We can! Live Without Capitalism". In 2011 the cooperative accepted responsibility for a former industrial complex, with a view to turning it into a centre for environmental activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19960558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960558" title="Prussian G 3">
Prussian G 3

In 1905 the Prussian state railways grouped six-coupled, medium-powered, goods train, tank locomotives into its Class G 3. In addition to standard locomotives, there were also 285 G 3s that were not built to German state railway norms, because they had been built, in most cases, before the foundation of the Prussian state railways.
The G 3 standard locomotives were, in their day the standard goods train locomotives with the Prussian state railways. The first examples were procured in 1877 for the Berlin-Wetzlar railway, known as the "Kanonenbahn" ('Cannons' line). Other deliveries went to the various state and private Prussian railways, to the Prussian state railways themselves and the Royal Prussian Military Railway. Some of the locomotives had outside valve gear, the majority however had inner gear. The railway division of Frankfurt am Main even classified locomotives with outside valve gear as the G 2. In all some 2,068 G3 locomotives were built. 
The G 3 differed from the Prussian G 4.1 in having a lower boiler overpressure of as against on the G 4.1. From 1886 onwards, only the variant with the higher boiler pressure was built. Several locomotives were later given boilers with the higher boiler pressure and were then classified as G 4.1. One G 3 ended up in the Royal Saxon State Railways on the division of the Berlin-Dresden railway and was designated as a Saxon V with the name "Tellkoppe".
In 1923 the Deutsche Reichsbahn envisaged as many as 523 locomotives in its renumbering plan, with the numbers 53 7001 - 7522 and 53 8294 (from Saxony). However by 1925 only locomotives with the numbers 53 7001 - 7157 were included. They were retired by 1930.
In the Second World War two G 3s came into the Reichsbahn fleet from Poland as numbers 53 7005 and 7006.
Other railway companies also owned Class G 3 engines:
Class G3 locomotives were equipped with a Prussian pr 3 T 10.5 tender.
One Prussian Class G 3, the "Cöln 1100", later "Saarbrücken 3143" has been preserved for posterity by the DB Museum in Nuremberg. It had been rebuilt from a "Prüfgewicht".

</doc>
<doc id="19960578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960578" title="Netherlands–Slovenia relations">
Netherlands–Slovenia relations

Dutch-Slovenian relations are foreign relations between the Netherlands and Slovenia. Both countries established diplomatic relations on June 25, 1991. The Netherlands has an embassy in Ljubljana. Slovenia has an embassy in The Hague. 
Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19960590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960590" title="Grenzplankostenrechnung">
Grenzplankostenrechnung

Grenzplankostenrechnung (GPK) is a German costing methodology, developed in the late 1940s and 1950s, designed to provide a consistent and accurate application of how managerial costs are calculated and assigned to a product or service. The term Grenzplankostenrechnung, often referred to as GPK, has been translated as either "Marginal Planned Cost Accounting" or "Flexible Analytic Cost Planning and Accounting".
The GPK methodology has become the standard for cost accounting in Germany as a "result of the modern, strong controlling culture in German corporations". German firms that use GPK methodology include Deutsche Telekom, Daimler AG), Porsche AG, Deutsche Bank, and Deutsche Post (German Post Office). These companies have integrated their costing information systems based on ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software (e.g., SAP) and they tend to reside in industries with highly complex processes. However, GPK is not exclusive to highly complex organizations; GPK is also applied to less complex businesses.
GPK's objective is to provide meaningful insight and analysis of accounting information that benefits internal users, such as controllers, project managers, plant managers, versus other traditional costing systems that primarily focus on analyzing the firm's profitability from an external reporting perspective complying with financial standards (i.e., IFRS/FASB), and/or regulatory bodies' demands such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or the Internal Revenue Services (IRS) taxation agency. Thus, the GPK marginal system unites and addresses the needs of both financial and managerial accounting functionality and costing requirements.
Resource Consumption Accounting (RCA) is based, among others, on key principles of German managerial accounting that are found in GPK.
Background.
The origins of GPK are credited to Hans-Georg Plaut, an automotive engineer and Wolfgang Kilger, an academic, working towards the mutual goal of identifying and delivering a sustained methodology designed to correct and enhance cost accounting information. Plaut concentrated on the practical elements of GPK, while Kilger provided the academic discipline and GPK documentation that is still being published in cost accounting textbooks taught in German-speaking universities. The primary textbook on GPK is "Flexible Plankostenrechnung und Deckungsbeitragsrechnung".
In 1946, Plaut founded an independent consulting business in Hannover, Germany which continued to grow employing more than 2,000 consultants. Plaut and Kilger focused on creating a cost accounting system that would cater to managers who are responsible for controlling costs, managing profits and providing information that would enable managers to make informed decisions.
Concepts of GPK.
GPK is a marginal costing system and is decidedly more comprehensive than most U.S. cost management systems because of the level of organizational planning and control and its emphasis on accurate operational modeling. 
With GPK's marginal-based approach, internal service and saleable product/service costs should only reflect the direct and indirect costs that can be linked to individual outputs (whether final product or support service) on a causal basis (referred to as the "principle of causality"). Proportional costs in GPK consists of direct and indirect costs that will vary with the particular output. Proportional costs provide the first contribution margin level that supports short-term decisions and once proportional costs are subtracted from revenue, it reveals whether the product or service is profitable or not. GPK adopters' marginal practices have varied, for example, not all adopters adhere to strict marginal practices such as the pre-allocation of fixed costs based on planned product/service volumes.
Fixed costs, innately do not vary with outputs and usually are not associated with individual outputs' costs. However, in practice, GPK adopters often calculate a standard per-unit-rate for fixed product/service costs and a separate per-unit-rate for proportional product/service costs. The balance of costs not causally assignable to the lowest level product or service can be assigned at yet higher levels within the marginal costing system's multi-level Profit & Loss (P&L) statement. For example, with GPK, fixed costs that relate to a product group or a product line (e.g., R&D, advertising costs) are assigned to the product group or product line reporting/management dimension in the P&L. This marginal costing approach offers managers greater flexibility to view, analyze and monitor costs (e.g., all product and cost-to-serve costs) for their area of responsibility. Thus GPK assigns all costs to the P&L but it does not fully absorb to the lowest level product or service. GPK's multi-dimensional marginal view of the organization supports operational managers with the most relevant information for strategic decision-making purposes about "what products or services to offer" and at "what price to sell them".
Core elements of GPK.
According to German Professors Dr.'s Friedl, Kuepper and Pedell, the fundamental structure of GPK consists of four important elements: 
GPK distinguishes two types of cost centers: 
With the GPK marginal costing approach, "primary cost centers" outputs consumed by products/services reflect direct causal relationships, as well as causally-linked costs originating from supporting "secondary cost centers" that primary cost centers need to function. As such, both of these causally-linked outputs—if proportional in nature—will vary with product/service output volume (albeit the secondaries only indirectly) and are reflected in the appropriate product/service contribution margin in the P&L.

</doc>
<doc id="19960592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960592" title="Ray Hoffman">
Ray Hoffman

Raymond Lamont Hoffman (June 14, 1917 – May 30, 2008) was a third baseman who played briefly for the Washington Senators during the season. Listed at , 175 lb., Hoffman batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. 
In his one-season career, Hoffman was a .053 hitter (1–for–19) with two runs and two RBI in seven games. He did not hit extra bases.
Hoffman died in Milton, Georgia, at the age of 90.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19960600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960600" title="CanalSat Caraïbes">
CanalSat Caraïbes

CanalSat Caraïbes is a direct broadcasting satellite service serving the French Overseas Departments of the Caribbean, as well as French Guiana. The service was launched on 1 August 1998, under the name CanalSatellite Caraibes. It is wholly owned by the CanalSat Group, and is broadcast on Intelsat 903 at 34.5° West.
Channels.
Due to rights reasons, Canal+ does not offer the same lineup of channels that are available in mainland France. These channels are independent from the Canal+ lineup in Metropolitan France.
CanalSat Caraïbes had to change satellites to permit the launch of the New High Definition channels.
On 11 October 2008, CanalSat Caraïbes offered a "Freesat" Service, which only requires a viewing card and no subscription; it is very similar to the TNTSAT Service offered in France.
CanalSat Caraïbes launched a High Definition Service, 'l'option HD'. It originally composed of Disney Cinemagic HD, Canal+ HD and National Geographic HD. On 7 June additional Channels were launched, they were M6 HD and TF1 HD. CanalSat Caraïbes hopes to launch more channels by the end of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19960601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960601" title="List of highways numbered 432">
List of highways numbered 432

The following highways are numbered 432:

</doc>
<doc id="19960614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19960614" title="Young Film Academy">
Young Film Academy

The Young Film Academy (YFA) was established in 2004 and is based in London. Young Film Academy is the educational sister company to Magma Pictures. Young Film Academy is the UK’s leading provider of practical filmmaking programmes to young people aged 8–18. YFA works with over eighty of the UK's leading independent and state schools with their flagship programme, the One Day Film School. Young Film Academy is also the workshop provider for UK arts festivals, including the Guardian Hay Festival and The Edinburgh International Film Festival, The Minghella Film Festival, The High Tide Festival and the Barbican's London Children's Film Festival.
History.
Directors James Walker (writer/filmmaker) and Ed Boase have been working together in the film industry for ten years. They co-founded Young Film Academy in 2004. 
Recently YFA have been working with the film industry’s education body, Film Education, getting the winners of the Young Film Critic of the Year Award (held at a star studded ceremony at BAFTA) behind the camera in their schools. 
Young Film Academy undertakes charitable work, most notably making documentaries for Channel 4 with Fairbridge – the largest UK charity dealing with young people who are NEET (not in employment, education or training) as part of its inner-city youth schemes. The films are screened at the IMAX Cinema and the Ritzy Cinema with awards presented in 2008 by Deborah Meaden (Dragon’s Den) and Kevin Spacey, among others.
As of 2009 Young Film Academy were the workshop providers for CBBC's Me and My Movie competition, running sixteen day-long filmmaking workshops in seven locations around the UK, enabling one thousand young people to complete their first two-minute digital film.
As of 2010 Young Film Academy partnered with The Barbican are running holiday film schools
Programmes of study.
Young Film Academy provides several workshops including:
Media coverage.
Website "IOM Today" stating that "The academy is seen as an investment in the future of British film.". Young Film Academy's service Movie Parties has also been referenced in "TimeOut London" stating that "Ed Boase and James Walker have come up with an exciting party concept: kids shoot, edit and screen a film in a single day. Its success boils down to a combination of talent and teamwork." 

</doc>
