<doc id="19938187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938187" title="Willie Mills (baseball)">
Willie Mills (baseball)

William Grant Mills (born August 15, 1877 in Schenevus, New York), nicknamed Wee Willie, was a professional baseball pitcher. He briefly pitched for the New York Giants in 1901.
Mills earned his nickname due to his stature; he stood only 5'7" and weighed about 150 lbs.
Mills first pitched for Utica in the New York State League in 1899. He would post a 47-26 record with Utica over two seasons, leading the club to the 1900 New York State League championship. In 1901 he began the season with a 13-game winning streak while playing for Schenectady before being called up by the Giants. However, he would only make two appearances for the Giants, earning the loss in both games, before being returned to Schenectady.
During his career, he also pitched for Montreal, Los Angeles, Baltimore, Rochester, and Toronto.
Mills was the father of Art Mills, who played for the Boston Braves and also coached the Detroit Tigers in their 1945 World Series victory.
Mills died on July 5, 1914, in Norwood, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19938200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938200" title="Hoagy Lands">
Hoagy Lands

Hoagy Lands (May 4, 1936 – January 12, 2002) was an American soul singer.
Biography.
Born Victor I. Hoagland Sr., in New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States, to a Cuban father and a mother of American Indian descent, Lands formed a group at Roosevelt Junior High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey that was called TNB (The New Brunswick) Dynaflows.
His recording career spanned from the late 1950s on into the mid-1970s, recording a few duets with Lily Field. He made appearances in England shortly before his death in 2002, in Orange, New Jersey, following heart surgery.
His grandson is the recording artist Jaheim.

</doc>
<doc id="19938211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938211" title="Sonja Hagemann">
Sonja Hagemann

Sonja Hagemann (1898 – 1983) was a Norwegian literary historian and literary critic, especially of children's literature. She is primarily known for the monumental "Barnelitteratur i Norge" (Norwegian Children's Literature I:1965; II:1970; III:1973).
She received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 1980. 
She represented the Liberal Party in Oslo school board. She was a parliamentary ballot candidate from the constituency Oslo in 1965.
Sonja Hagemann is mother of geologist Fredrik Hagemann.

</doc>
<doc id="19938229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938229" title="André Verbeke">
André Verbeke

André Verbeke (2 January 1908 – 9 March 1978) was a Belgian architect. 
In 1932 he won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his design of a "Marathon Park".

</doc>
<doc id="19938249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938249" title="List of fields of application of statistics">
List of fields of application of statistics

Statistics is the mathematical science involving the collection, analysis and interpretation of data. A number of specialties have evolved to apply statistical theory and methods to various disciplines. Certain topics have "statistical" in their name but relate to manipulations of probability distributions rather than to statistical analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19938251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938251" title="Gumbasia">
Gumbasia

Gumbasia, a 3 minute 10 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2, 1955, was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey, who went on to create the classic series, "Gumby" and "Davey and Goliath", using the same technique.
Clokey created "Gumbasia" while studying at the University of Southern California under the direction of Slavko Vorkapić. The film was a surreal short of pulsating shapes and lumps of clay set to music in a parody of Walt Disney's "Fantasia". Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapić taught called Kinesthetic Film Principles. Described as "massaging of the eye cells" this technique, based on camera movements and stop-motion editing, is responsible for much of the look and feel later seen in Gumby films. When Clokey showed "Gumbasia" to film producer Sam Engel in 1955, Engel decided to fund a 15-minute short film that became the first Gumby episode—"Gumby Goes to the Moon".

</doc>
<doc id="19938261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938261" title="Amor en Custodia (TV series)">
Amor en Custodia (TV series)

Amor en Custodia is a Mexican television drama, inspired by the popular Argentine telenovela of the same name, and developed and produced by Emilia Lamothe. "Amor en Custodia" focuses on and satirizes the lives of socialite teens and young adults growing up in Mexico city. It deals with sexuality, drugs, money, jealousy and other issues.
It first aired on June 19, 2005 in Mexico City, on Canal 7, and was broadcast nationally a day later by TV Azteca. The pilot episode was also made available as a free download on the series' official website.
The series was first shown in the United States by Azteca America on July 18, 2005, and the final episode of the final season was broadcast in Mexico on September 12, 2008 and in the USA on October 3.
"Amor en Custodia" holds the record for longest TV series in Mexico, with eleven seasons and 280 episodes.
It has been shown in more than 13 countries, including the USA, Europe, Japan, Thailand, and Latin America, and has been translated into English, French, Japanese, and German.
Production.
Conception.
The project was originally intended as a film, to be made by Zeta Films, with "La Mujer de Mi Hermano's" creator Jaime Bayly set to write the screenplay, actress Angélica Aragón to star as Paz Achával Urién, and Bárbara Mori to portray Paz's daughter Barbara. The film never went into production and was ultimately canceled.
The project was later redesigned as a TV-movie, for Televisa, but again the production was canceled.
Development of the show, this time as a TV series to be shown on TV Azteca, finally began on January 5, 2005, when TV Azteca gave it a put pilot commitment, with Emilia Lamothe as writer and executive producer. In February 2005, the network confirmed the pilot order, and Mario O. Garcés was named as co-writer.
Music.
Pop singer Alexandre Pires was credited with the music selection used on "Amor en Custodia", though the cast played a part in the choice, and even recorded some of their own songs for inclusion.
In contrast to his usual style of Spanish independent music and alternative rock artists, Pires largely used pop songs for the Mexican version, and current Top 40 hits for the American version. He explained, "Since the show is based on high class profiled families, I'm going for more pop-ish sounds, for the USA version. I want to attract new viewers, so I will be using some top 40 English songs from the best artists today and from great artists internationally."
The opening theme chosen was "Abre tu Corazón", performed by Olga Tañón.
Broadcasting history.
Originally scheduled to air on June 13, 2005, the initial episode of "Amor en Custodia" was delayed by a week. As a result, the previously planned two-hour season special of "La Academia" was edited down to one hour to accommodate it. It finally made its television debut on Canal 7, in Mexico City, on June 19, 2005 at 10:00 p.m. TV Azteca broadcast the first episode nationally the following day, at 9:00 p.m.
In the United States, "Amor en Custodia" premiered on Azteca America, on July 18, 2005 at 9:00pm, a month after the original Mexican showing.
The first episode was provided as a free download at the series' official website on June 30, 2005.
At the end of the first season, TV Azteca canceled the Canal 7 showing due to poor reception by the public.
The series was suspended in Argentina between November and January, over a dispute concerning the rights to the story. During the suspension, TV Azteca repeated the first episodes, hoping that the series would later return. However, it did not return to the air in Argentina, except for the last episodes of the first season.
Cast and characters.
Featuring four main character roles, the majority of the cast was assembled from January to March, 2005. Bárbara Mori was originally cast as the female lead, Barbara, but due to scheduling problems she was forced to pull out and was replaced by Paola Núñez. Margarita Gralia was then signed to play Paz.
Andrés Palacios auditioned for one of the lead roles, Pacheco, but was made second choice after Sebastián Estevanez. However, before filming began, Estevanez had to pull out for personal reasons and Palacios got the part.
With just a month before the scheduled release of the first episode, Sergio Basañez was cast to play Paz's love interest, Manuel.
In the 8th season, and some of 11th season, Sebastián Estevanez appeared as Barbara's boyfriend and bodyguard.
The rest of the cast were chosen as the series continued, and by early July 2008 casting stopped as the series was coming to an end.
Cast.
(*) Transferred from "guest star" status to main cast mid-season.
Reception.
Mexico and USA ratings.
In Mexico the first episode of the series was watched by 4.12 million viewers, ranking as the number 2 most watched show of the night, just behind TV Azteca's "La Academia". In the USA it was viewed by under 2 million, ranking at number 12 overall on the night, and number 1 Spanish-language show.
With a first-week figure of over 12 million viewers, the show became the most watched show on TV Azteca and Azteca America, and also the highest-ranking Spanish-language television show for the years 2005 to 2007.
During its fourth season, audiences increased by 20% percent between the months of December 2006 and February 2007. The 8th season was the most critically acclaimed, but lowest-rated, season, with fewer than 5 million viewers in the USA and Mexico together.
The series finale attracted more than 14 million viewers in Mexico, and around 2.67 million viewers in the USA, making it the most watched series finale for a Spanish-language TV series. The show holds the record for the longest-running series in Mexico, with eleven seasons and 280 episodes.
Seasonal ratings.
Seasonal ratings based on average total viewers per episode in Mexico and the USA:
Notes:
Critical response.
"Amor en Custodia" initially received strong reviews. Due to its pedigree as an adaptation from the Argentine version, it was one of the most anticipated new shows of 2005. The first week showing garnered positive reviews from sources such as "Ventaneando", "Washington Post", "Los Angeles Times" and "Yahoo!".
Controversy.
During the eighth season, a character named "Mauro Mendoza" was introduced as a love interest for Barbara, and some of the scenes from that season were edited for international release because of their sexual content.
In Mexico, the series' was re-rated from A (all ages) to C+ (adolescents 16+) because of scenes of violence, bad language and sex. In the USA it was re-rated from TV-PG to TV-MA for seasons 8 and 9, but was later re-rated to TV-14. The original version was only shown in Mexico, with a cut version being shown in the USA.
DVD release.
There was originally no plan to release the series on DVD, but with the success of bootleg DVD versions in Mexico, the USA, Europe, and Argentina, and Internet piracy, a 2-disc DVD was released on February 13, 2007.
The DVD only contained the first four seasons, and every episode carried English, French and Spanish subtitles. On its first week of release the DVD sold almost 12,000 copies in the USA, debuting at number one on the ""Top Selling Latin DVDs,"", but by its second week it dropped off the list.
Remake.
As of July 23, 2012, Nicandro Diaz Gonzalez is producing "Amores verdaderos", an upcoming Mexican telenovela for Televisa. Eduardo Yáñez, Erika Buenfil, Sebastian Rulli and Eiza González will star as the protagonists, while Mónika Sánchez, Marjorie de Sousa and Francisco Gattorno will star as the antagonist.
External links.
http://tvshows.links420.com/ television series

</doc>
<doc id="19938262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938262" title="Bortnytsia">
Bortnytsia

Bortnytsia (, ) is a village in Volyn oblast, near the town of Dubno, in Dubno County, Ukraine. The village currently has a population of 365. Before the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland the village was located in Wołyń Voivodeship of the Second Polish Republic. 
History.
In World War II Bortnica was one of many sites of massacres of Poles and Jews committed between 1942 and 1945 by UPA and the local Ukrainians peasants. The village was raided repeatedly in a process of ethnic cleansing. Farms were burned down mostly at night. Jews kept 24 hour vigil, because, unlike the Polish families who could flee into the Nazi German occupied cities (in the worst case scenario), Jewish families had nowhere to run. Pitched battles with Ukrainian Insurgent Army were breaking up all the time. The bloodiest fighting broke out in Bortnica on Christmas Eve 1943 – six weeks before the arrival of the Red Army. Fifteen Poles and eight Jews were defending themselves against the invading force of 400 Ukrainians. Void of ammunition, the defenders fell a day later. Half were killed in battle. A few escaped into the forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="19938267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938267" title="Sidney G. Winter">
Sidney G. Winter

Sidney Graham Winter (born 1935, Iowa City, Iowa) is a US economist and Professor Emeritus of Management at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, USA. He is recognized as one of the leading figures in the revival of evolutionary economics.
In 1982, he co-published with Richard R. Nelson "An Evolutionary Theory of Economic Change", a book which has since been cited nearly 25,000 times. Winter was Chief Economist of the US General Accounting Office (1989-1993). He won the Viipuri Prize for Strategic Management in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19938269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938269" title="Fernleigh Track">
Fernleigh Track

The Fernleigh Track is a multi-use rail trail near Belmont in New South Wales. The track was constructed in the way of the former Belmont railway line. The project is a joint venture between Newcastle City Council and City of Lake Macquarie. The track extends from Adamstown to Belmont over an approximate distance of . The former railway closed in December 1991. The first section between Adamstown and Burwood Road opened in 2003. Construction has continued in stages with the final section between Jewells and Belmont completed in March 2011.
The abandoned Belmont railway line was a coal haulage and passenger rail line from Adamstown to Belmont. In 1880 a rail line was built to Redhead with the line being extended to Belmont in 1916. At one stage there was talk of extending the line to Swansea.
A feature of the conversion of the former railway to a multi-use trail is the retention of many industrial heritage features. The trail passes through the brick-lined Fernleigh Tunnel under the Pacific Highway.
At the site of the former Kahibah station, the cycleway is crossed by the Great North Walk, a walking trail connecting Newcastle and Sydney. The track also passes through the centre of the Glenrock Lagoon catchment.

</doc>
<doc id="19938273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938273" title="Lellouche">
Lellouche

Lellouche is an Algerian surname, variant form of "Lellouch", "Lelouch" and "Allouche". It is derived from the Arabic "el allouch" "the lamb".
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19938288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938288" title="Mary Surratt House">
Mary Surratt House

Mary Surratt House may refer to either of two historic houses associated with Mary E. Surratt:

</doc>
<doc id="19938289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938289" title="Ghetto Romance">
Ghetto Romance

"Ghetto Romance" is a 2000 top ten hit single by Damage. Produced by Grammy winning producers Tim & Bob, It peaked at #7 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19938330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938330" title="Nitsa Tsaganea">
Nitsa Tsaganea

Eleni (Nitsa) Tsaganea (Greek: Νίτσα Τσαγανέα; 1899 – April 30, 2002) was a Greek actress of theatre and film.
Biography.
Tsaganea was born in 1899. She was the second wife of actor Hristos Tsaganeas. In her famous movies were "Enas iroas me pantoufles" and "Oi Germanoi xanarhonte". She was raised poor and her accommodation rent was paid by Dimitris Horn. She died on April 30, 2002 at the age of 103 and she is buried at the Athens First Cemetery, next to her favorite girl, the actress Liana Vitsori.

</doc>
<doc id="19938333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938333" title="Mezinárodní všeodborový svaz">
Mezinárodní všeodborový svaz

Mezinárodní všeodborový svaz (International All-Union League, abbreviated MVS) was a national trade union centre in Czechoslovakia. MVS was founded in October 1922, after communists had been expelled from the Odborové sdružení českoslovanské (Czechoslav Trade Union Association, OSČ). MVS functioned as the trade union wing of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia (KSČ), but parallel to MVS there were also the 'Red Trade Unions' (communist-dominated autonomous unions).
MVS affiliated itself to the Red International of Labour Unions (Profintern).
The communist trade unions (i.e. MVS and the Red Trade Unions) had a combined membership which fluctuated between 88 000-200 000. The communists were strongest amongst blue-collar workers, especially amongst Hungarians and in the agricultural sector.
By late 1927 MVS had 179 993 members, 10.71% of the unionized labour force in the country. In total MVS had 16 affiliated unions with a combined number of 2406 local trade union cells. At the time, MVS was the third largest trade union centre in Czechoslovakia.
But the relations between the MVS and KSČ were not uncomplicated. The MVS leadership had political goals of their own, somewhat different from the ambitions of the party. The MVS saw the OSČ as its main competetitor, and actively encouraged workers to leave OSČ for MVS. This made the work of building communist, red, fractions inside OSČ unions more difficult for KSČ. The KSČ repeatedly demanded that MVS would cease its policy of draining the OSČ of leftwing elements, but the MVS did not yield. Partly, MVS could ignore the party demands due to disunity within the party on trade union matters.
In 1929 the relation between KSČ and MVS was broken, as the Communist International shifted from its united front policy to the class against class policy. The Red Trade Unions became the main labour front of KSČ instead. In 1930, after a brief existence as an independent trade union centre, MVS merged back into OSČ.

</doc>
<doc id="19938358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938358" title="Ike Blessitt">
Ike Blessitt

Isaiah (Ike) Blessitt (born September 30, 1949 in Detroit, Michigan), is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played in with the Detroit Tigers. He batted and threw right-handed. Blessitt had no hits in five at-bats in four games, in his one year career. 
He was drafted by the Tigers in the 15th round of the 1967 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19938361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938361" title="Eduard Fimmen">
Eduard Fimmen

Eduard Carl Fimmen (18 June 1881 - 14 December 1942), also known as Edo Fimmen, was a Dutch trade unionist.
Early life.
Fimmen was born in Nieuwer Amstel on June 18, 1881 on December 14, 1942. His father was a merchant, Eduard Hermann Johann Fimmen, and his mother was Therese Ansoul. They were both of German origin. He was the son of Johann Hermann Eduard Fimmen, merchant, and Therese Ansoul. He married Julie Lucie Cornelia (Nelly) Michen on 18 January 1906, and they were to have a daughter and son. In December he met the German journalist Alida Kammerer by whom he had two daughters while remaining married to his wife.
From 1894 to 1889, Fimmen attended the Amsterdam Trade Public School (1894–1899). Fimmen, developed a talent for languageswriting and speaking French, German and English fluently. he was able to earn money as a translator following his father's death when he was sixteen. Following a tour of duty in the Dutch Army he was drawn to the Salvation Army, through Christian commitment rather than a liking of military organisation. After meeting Lodewijk van Mierop, a member of the Dutch Reformed church and Menno Huizinga, a baptist - both theology students - he became involved in a Christian Anarchist magazine "Vrede" (peace) and the Rein Leven Movement, having his letters published under the pseudonym "Edo". The group broought together young man of varying buttocks, in term of education, employment, knowledge and faith, but who sgared a desire for complete purity of body and soul. Fimmen and Huizinga were principle editors to this group and fimmen devoted his spare time from 1901 - 1908 to the group. In particular they agitated against prostitution. For most of this period he chaired the Amsterdam meetings and bi-annual conferences. However from 1905 disagreements arose over "free" and "bourgeois" marriages. By 1908 Fimmen was amongst a group who considered the movement as no longer anarchist and after rowing with Meirop he left.
Fimmen had also been active in the Society for the Suppression of the Neo-Malthusian using the names Nel Jaccard and Edo for articles in "Tegen Leugen en Geweld" (Against Lies and Violence), edited by Van Mierop. He translated material from the Conference of International Anti-militarist League (26–28 June 1904) held in Amsterdam. Encouraged by Domela Nieuwenhuis he chaired the last day of the conference where the Christian anarchists - as socialists, Christians and revolutionaries -advocated Conscientious objection and a general strike in the event of war.
Fimmen becomes a Trade Unionist.
Fimmen worked as a clerk, probably for the American Petroleum Company and during the 1903 strike joined the National Union of Commercial and Office Employees. Allied to G L Niermeyer, he was elected secretary. He was then obliged to give up his job, and supported himself through translation work for JC Dalmeyer. On 22 October 1905 he was one of the founder members of the General Confederation of Netherlands Trade and Office Employees. he was the treasurer from 1905–1907, and then Secretary from 1907 - 1916. He also edited "Onze Strijd" (Our Struggle) from 1909 - 1916. They successfully campaigned for equal pay for men and women in 1909.
He became ill, and in 1941 went to Cuernavaca, Mexico, where he died the following year.
Books.
Fimmen's Translations into Dutch.
From German
From English:
From the French:

</doc>
<doc id="19938389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938389" title="Gustave Saacké">
Gustave Saacké

Gustave Saacké (20 August 1884 – 18 April 1975) was a French architect. 
In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games together with Pierre Montenot and Pierre Bailly for their design of a "Cirque pour Toros" ("Circus for Bullfights").

</doc>
<doc id="19938404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938404" title="Alexander Shaw (cricketer)">
Alexander Shaw (cricketer)

Alexander Shaw (September 7, 1907 — July 19, 1945) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. He was born in Shardlow and died in New Delhi.
Shaw's first-class debut was playing for Sussex against Cambridge University. In Shaw's first innings in the field, he caught three batsmen and stumped three others.
Shaw's second and final first-class match was eight years later, playing for Bengal. Shaw scored just a single run in the two innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="19938406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938406" title="John Warren (cricketer)">
John Warren (cricketer)

John Warren was an Indian cricketer who played for Bengal. He was a right-handed batsman.
Warren made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the 1935-36 season, against Central Provinces & Berar. Batting as an opener, he scored 3 runs in the first innings, and 66 runs in the second, one of two half-centuries in Bengal's second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19938407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938407" title="J. E. King">
J. E. King

JE King was an Indian cricketer who played for Bengal. He was a wicket-keeper.
King made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1935/36 season, against Central Provinces and Berar. King scored 4 runs in the only innings in which he batted, took two catches and one stumping.

</doc>
<doc id="19938408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938408" title="TS Nahapiet">
TS Nahapiet

TS Nahapiet was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bengal.
Nahapiet made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Bihar in the 1936/37 Ranji Trophy. Nahapiet scored 11 runs in the only innings in which he batted, and took one wicket in two and a half overs bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="19938409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938409" title="Hirendranath Sadhu">
Hirendranath Sadhu

Hirendranath Sadhu (born 1 September 1915) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler. He was born in Chinsurah. 
Sadhu's debut came for Bengal in 1939/40, playing against Bihar, against whom he helped his team to an innings victory.
Sadhu's second and final first-class appearance followed nine seasons later, playing for Assam. He scored a duck in his first innings for the team and 11 runs in the second.
Sadhu bowled 41 overs in his first-class career.

</doc>
<doc id="19938410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938410" title="Ernest Goward">
Ernest Goward

Ernest Goward (10 August 1896 – 17 September 1961) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Bengal. He was born in Barrackpore (now Barakpur) and died in Virginia Water.
Goward made a single first-class appearance for the team, having made an appearance for a British in Bengal team against Marylebone Cricket Club nine seasons previously.
Goward's first-class appearance came in the 1935-36 Ranji Trophy, against Madras, against whom he scored a duck in the first innings and 16 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19938411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938411" title="Zorzi (surname)">
Zorzi (surname)

Zorzi was a powerful Venetian family in the Middle Ages, also known as Giorgi.
Zorzi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19938412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938412" title="Peter Entwisle">
Peter Entwisle

Peter Entwisle (born 1948) is a New Zealand art historian and writer, notably on the history of Dunedin and of New Zealand art.
Born in England, he moved to Dunedin as a child and was educated at George Street Normal School, Otago Boys' High School and the University of Otago from where he graduated in 1975 with a BA (Hons.) and MLitt in philosophy.
Entwisle worked as a freelance journalist in England for several years before returning to Dunedin in 1980 where he became curator of the Dunedin Public Art Gallery, a post he held for 20 years. Since 2000, he has again worked as a freelance writer, and as a regular columnist for the "Otago Daily Times". Several of his biographical writings have become part of the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography. He has also curated a number of art exhibitions.
Entwisle is involved in Dunedin's architectural heritage, and has been involved in several campaigns including those against structural changes to the exterior of the Dunedin Municipal Chambers and against the construction of the Forsyth Barr Stadium at University Plaza. He has been a member of the New Zealand Historic Places Trust since 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19938425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938425" title="Alabama Department of Transportation">
Alabama Department of Transportation

The Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT) is the government agency responsible for transportation infrastructure in Alabama. The department is divided into nine geographical divisions, with a central office located in Montgomery.

</doc>
<doc id="19938461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938461" title="Iji">
Iji

Iji is a freeware videogame featuring platform and shooting elements, developed by Daniel Remar using (version 5.3a) over a period of four years. It was first released on , and five subsequent versions have fixed bugs and added features, with the latest version (1.6) released on .
Set in a military complex in modern day Earth, the game follows Iji Kataiser, a young woman caught up in the invasion of the planet by the Tasen, an alien species. Awakening after an aerial bombardment, Iji finds herself enhanced with nanotechnology and, learning of the Tasen and their invasion, resolves to convince the aliens' leader to retreat from the planet, guided by her brother Dan via the complex's loudspeaker system.
The game was generally well-received upon release, with reviews praising the replay value, the player's ability to guide Iji on different moral paths and that it was created by a single developer. It gained much popularity once released.
Gameplay.
"Iji" is described by Remar as "System Shock 2" in 2D. Players control the titular character, Iji, an ordinary human woman who has been enhanced with nanotechnology following the invasion of Earth by an alien species known as the Tasen. Iji must navigate a research station while being guided by her brother Dan, who communicates via the station's loudspeaker system, in order to convince the aliens' leader to retreat from the planet. Though the game's plot is linear, interactions with non-player characters change according to the player's actions, leading to one of multiple endings. The player's primary choice is between pursuing Iji's goal either as a pacifist or by engaging in violence against the alien threat.
Iji's nanotech energy field functions as a shield, and players begin the game armed with a shotgun. Seven further weapons can be collected throughout the game; including a machine gun, rocket launcher and alien technology like the Shocksplinter weapon. Eight additional weapons can be unlocked by combining the standard firearms using a combining station, depending on her Crack ability. Blue nanofields that function as experience can be collected during play, when enough are collected Iji gains a level. Each level she gains allows the player to use an upgrade station to increase one of Iji's seven skills by one level. These skills include physical traits such as strength and health, as well as abilities such as close-quarters combat and computer cracking. Iji's jumping ability and armor can both be improved twice each during play if players can find their power-ups.
Plot.
The game begins inside the D. C. M. F. P. R. Research facility, where Iji and her little sister Mia are being shown around by her father. As she looks out of the window, Iji notices activity in the clouds, and moments later the sky is lit by beams of light. When the game resumes, six months later, Iji awakens to find that she has been modified by a team of researchers using alien nanotechnology, making her a cyborg soldier. Via a loudspeaker, her brother Dan explains that the area was struck by a space-to-ground weapon called an "Alpha Strike" wielded by aliens called "Tasen". This, combined with the ensuing ground invasion, killed nearly every human in the facility, including their father and sister. Dan advises Iji to try to convince the Tasen leaders, specifically a Tasen "Elite" known as Krotera, to leave.
Along the path to Krotera, Iji questions how the rest of the world has not responded to the attack, but Dan refuses to answer her. She later climbs a ladder onto an outside balcony, discovering the presence of a whole fleet of Tasen spaceships, and realises the extent of the invasion, which Dan confirms as the entire planet. Further on, she discovers a scout team of a different alien species, the "Komato", who Dan explains is an "interplanetary peacekeeping force".
Iji eventually meets the Tasen Elite Krotera. She begs him to leave the planet, but he refuses, saying that the future of the Tasen race is at stake and that she knows nothing of either their race or the "damned Komato". She is unable to sway him, and the encounter ends with Krotera dead. Dan contacts her again, and she informs him of what Krotera said: that this was their last colony, and that they had possibly come to Earth to escape the Komato. He advises her to continue on to a Tasen communication area nearby, in order to send a distress call to the Komato.
After Iji finds a computer connected to the Tasen communicator, the perspective shifts from Iji into space outside of Earth, where a Komato fleet is gathered. Inside the control room of a spaceship is the leader of the Komato Imperial Army, General Tor; and Iosa "The Invincible", the greatest warrior of the Komato race and Tor's long-time love. Back on Earth, Dan expresses worry that the Komato forces have not yet landed, but is cut off by an explosion. Komato troops appear and begin engaging the Tasen with genocidal intent, inflicting heavy losses. Iji navigates through the chaos until she reaches the roof of the complex and meets the Komato Assassin Asha, who fights her. When she defeats him, he disappears using teleportation.
Iji manages to meet up with her brother Dan, who has managed to survive despite a gunshot wound. During the course of their conversation, Dan reveals to Iji that the Komato are planning to destroy the planet's surface in an attempt to annihilate the remaining Tasen once and for all, using a full-strength Alpha Strike much more powerful than the one the Tasen used. The only thing that's stopping them is the planetary shield generator that was installed by the Tasen. The Komato plan to destroy the shield generator with a powerful particle cannon called the Phantom Hammer. Dan urges Iji to enter the Komato spaceship and destroy the Phantom Hammer in order to buy them time before the Alpha Strike. Iji agrees and boards the Komato ship, destroying the Phantom Hammer and a Komato sentry that is sent to the planet after she leaves the ship. In the next sector, another Komato Ship quickly arrives and fires its Phantom Hammer shot into the planetary shield generator, destroying it. Dan is also kidnapped by Asha, who has caught on to Iji's plan to see Tor and awaits her at the end of the sector. When Iji finds Asha and Dan, she falls into a trap and a Komato soldier appears behind her through a teleporter. If Iji saved a tripmine she found earlier in the sector, she can use it before confronting Asha to kill the Komato soldier that teleports in, causing Asha to flee and Dan to survive, continuing the game like normal. If Iji fails to place the tripmine or uses it prior to this point, she kills the Komato soldier but cannot shoot Asha before he kills Dan. Dan's death causes Iji to be driven insane with her talking to a non existent Dan for the remainder of the game.
Either way, Iji proceeds to sector 9 and encounters the remaining Tasen forces hiding in a fortified base. Before Iji can enter, Iosa "The Invincible" breaks in and kills the remaining Tasen, effectively causing the Tasen to become extinct (If Iji spared a specific soldier in sector 3 then two Tasen will escape before Iosa enters, sparing the race). After inspecting the destroyed base Iji moves on and finds Iosa in her Annihilator Armor. After a heated argument that plays out depending on the players previous choices, Iji fights Iosa and successfully manages to kill her causing an uproar from the Komato General, Tor.
Iji then goes to the tenth and final sector, sector X, and after an onslaught of Komato, Iji comes across Asha who wants to fight Iji and finally claim the bounty that was placed on her, Iji instead kills him, either for attempting to kill Dan or to protect the imaginary Dan. Iji manages to get to the roof and finds the leader of the Komato attacking earth, Tor, and argues to spare the Earth from the Alpha Strike because Iosa has already killed the last of the Tasen, Tor claims that he has no true power in the face of the Komato masses and has to appease them via total destruction of Earth, saying that he has grown tired of the war and simply wants it to end. When Iji attempts to say that they have to listen to Tor, a general, and Tor is not even trying to go against them, Tor grows furious and attacks Iji while the Alpha Strike begins to charge. Iji beats Tor and destroys his Eidolon suit, gravely injuring Tor and causing them to fall into the building. A beaten and tired Tor takes Iji's skill and compassion to heart, ordering the Komato fleet to cancel the Alpha Strike and evacuate the planet, leaving Tor on earth to die. He tells Iji that he is giving her planet a chance to live despite the Acid rain and general destruction the planet has suffered while informing Iji that the Komato might return, committing suicide afterwards. Iji walks outside to the side of a cliff, either by herself or she meets Dan there depending on if he is alive or not, and sees the Komato ships flying away, during the credits we see that life on earth has slowly grown back and flourishes again despite the damage from the war.
Development.
Development of Iji began in 2004, after Remar learned about and began to use . Inspired by the animations of Alien 3 and Another World, he created a 3D model of the character Iji and started to build a basic platform game around it. Remar has stated that the name "Iji" has no special meaning, but that the character and name is a combination of his previous characters, and that he wanted the main characters' names to be "short and easily recognizable".
The soundtrack for Iji is credited in the game manual to Chris Geehan and Dan Byrne McCullough, with additional music from Tom Mauritzon, Captain Goodnight, and LifeForce.
As of March 21, 2011 the alpha demo 1 for Iji is available for download as part of the 'Scrap pack 2' on Daniel Remar's site.
Reception.
"Iji" has received a mostly positive response from commentators, particularly for its replay value. PopMatters' L.B. Jeffries stated that the player's choice in guiding Iji to the end of the game as either a pacifist or an aggressor, along with the outcomes of those paths, sets "Iji" apart from other games. Greg Costikyan of website Play This Thing described it as "… a nice, nostalgia-inducing game of a type you don't often see any more …", and was impressed that the game was created by a single developer using Game Maker.
Anthony Burch of gaming website Destructoid was not as positive, highlighting the game's limitations in terms of abilities. Investing points in hand-to-hand combat, for instance, does not increase damage inflicted by a successful attack but instead dictates which enemy types can be physically attacked. He stated this system "makes leveling the player's individual stats feel less like you're actually improving your character and more like you're simply collecting keys to unlock doors."
Platforms.
"Iji" is only available for Microsoft Windows OSes from Windows XP to Windows 8.
It is possible to play Iji on Linux and OS X through the use of the software emulation layer Wine, though the game has been known to have graphical bugs in this environment.
Unlike "Hero Core", it cannot be played on Macintosh Computers. It also does not work on Linux/Unix/Solaris, and certainly not unusual OSes such as Haiku and BeOS.
According to one indie game community, plans to port "Iji" to all known modern operating systems (which Daniel Remar himself gave permission for) have fallen through.

</doc>
<doc id="19938470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938470" title="Pierre Montenot">
Pierre Montenot

Pierre Montenot (November 1, 1884 – June 6, 1953) was a French architect. 
In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games together with Gustave Saacké and Pierre Bailly for their design of a "Cirque pour Toros" ("Circus for Bullfights").

</doc>
<doc id="19938499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938499" title="Selinger">
Selinger

Selinger () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19938504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938504" title="Humphrey Ocean">
Humphrey Ocean

Humphrey Ocean (born 1951) is a contemporary British painter.
Biography.
Humphrey Ocean was born Humphrey Anthony Erdeswick Butler-Bowdon, on 22 June 1951 in Sussex, England, and went to art schools in Tunbridge Wells, Brighton and Canterbury. From 1971 he was bass player with the Pub rock band Kilburn and the High Roads, which opened for The Who on its Christmas tour in 1973.
In 1983, Ocean painted Paul McCartney's portrait and the following year he painted the poet Philip Larkin's portrait for the National Portrait Gallery, a work described by the novelist Nick Hornby as "unanswerable". Four years later, Ocean travelled to Northern Brazil with the American anthropologist Stephen Nugent, a lecturer at the University of London, eager to expose colonial caricatures of the region. Their subsequent book, "Big Mouth: The Amazon Speaks", was published by Fourth Estate (HarperCollins) in 1990, and features evocative illustrations of Brazil. In 1999 the National Maritime Museum commissioned Ocean to paint a picture of modern maritime Britain. Ocean was elected a Royal Academician in 2004. He is currently a Professor of Painting at Camberwell College of Arts.
Throughout the 1990s and the early years of the twenty-first century, Ocean's paintings were exhibited in many of the leading museums in the United Kingdom. In 2002, Ocean served as Artist-in-Residence at the Dulwich Picture Gallery, which culminated in an exhibition inspired by 17th-century Dutch genre paintings and South London suburbia. In addition to his portrait of Philip Larkin, he is perhaps best known for his iconic etching, "Black Love Chair", which appeared on the cover of Paul McCartney's 2007 album "Memory Almost Full".

</doc>
<doc id="19938508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938508" title="Pierre Bailly">
Pierre Bailly

Pierre Bailly (March 8, 1889 – January 27, 1973) was a French architect. 
In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="19938560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938560" title="John Maxwell Edmonds">
John Maxwell Edmonds

John Maxwell Edmonds (21 January 1875 – 18 March 1958) was an English classicist, poet, and dramatist who is notable as the creator of celebrated epitaphs.
Biography.
Edmonds was born in Stroud, Gloucestershire on 21st January 1875. His father was a schoolmaster and later the vicar of Great Gransden, while his mother was the daughter of a self-made Cornish cloth manufacturer. He was educated at Oundle School before going up to Jesus College, Cambridge in 1896 as a Classical Scholar. He was taught at Oundle by R.P. Brereton and J.H.Vince and at Cambridge under Edwin Abbott Abbott. Periods of illness which had originally made him initially delay his university career later forced him to be sent down from university for several terms, but he nevertheless recovered to take a first in his tripos in 1898.
Epitaphs.
Edmonds is credited with authorship of a famous epitaph in the Kohima Allied war cemetery.
He was the author of an item in The Times, 6 February 1918, page 7, headed "Four Epitaphs" composed for graves and memorials to those fallen in battle – each covering different situations of death. The second of these was used as a theme for the 1942 war movie Went the Day Well?:
That epitaph was regularly quoted when "The Times" notified deaths of those who fell during the First World War, and was also regularly used during the Second World War. It appeared on many village and town war memorials.
There has been some confusion between 'Went the day well' and Edmonds’ other famous epitaph published in the same 1919 edition of inscriptions:
This epitaph was inspired by an epigram of the Greek poet Simonides of Ceos to the fallen at the Battle of Thermopylae, and was later used (with a misquote) for the memorial for those who fell at the Battle of Kohima. Some resources incorrectly give "Went the day well?" as being the translation of the Simonides epigram.

</doc>
<doc id="19938592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938592" title="Bud Thomas (pitcher)">
Bud Thomas (pitcher)

Luther Baxter "Bud" Thomas (September 9, 1910 – May 5, 2001), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in and and from to with the Washington Senators, Philadelphia Athletics, and the Detroit Tigers. He batted and threw right-handed. Thomas had a 25-34 record in 143 career games. 
He was born in Faber, Virginia and died in North Garden, Virginia.
On April 23, 1939, Bud Thomas surrendered the first major League home run ever hit by Red Sox legend Ted Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19938594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938594" title="Uroplatus sikorae">
Uroplatus sikorae

Uroplatus sikorae is a species of gecko commonly referred to as the Mossy leaf-tailed gecko. This species, endemic to Madagascar, is found in primary and secondary forests on the island. It has the ability to change its skin color to match its surroundings and possesses dermal flaps which break up its outline when at rest.
It is a CITES II protected animal due to habitat loss and overcollection for the pet trade.
Taxonomy and etymology.
The generic name, "Uroplatus", is a Latinization of two Greek words: "ourá" (οὐρά) meaning "tail" and "platys" (πλατύς) meaning "flat". Its specific name is a Latinization of the name Franz Sikora, a German fossil-hunter and explorer of Madagascar. The species was first described by German zoologist Oskar Boettger but not published until three years after his death. Its common name refers to the mossy-like camouflage patterns and colors of the lizard's skin.
The genus "Uroplatus" contains 14 species endemic to Madagascar. The species "Uroplatus sameiti" was considered to be a subspecies of "U. sikorae" until 2007, when it was proposed to be elevated to species level on the basis of its pale oral mucosa, in contrast to the dark oral mucosa of "U. sikorae". Subsequent publications have maintained this separate status, which has now also been verified molecularly. However, in the most recent review of the taxonomy of the "Uroplatus" genus, it was revealed that the different colour of the mouth is not diagnostic of these two species, as some "U. sikorae" species were found to share the light oral pigmentation. The diagnosis of these species based on morphology remains difficult.
Phylogenically, "U. sikorae" has been placed within a monophyletic complex consisting of three other species of "Uroplatus": "U. fimbriatus, U. giganteus, U. henkeli", and U. sameiti. This complex represents the larger species of the genus.
Description.
Mossy leaf-tailed geckos are nocturnal and arboreal. Their eyes are large, lidless, and have yellow sclera with elliptical pupils, suited for the gecko's nocturnal habits. The mossy leaf-tailed gecko ranges in size from when measured from nose to base of the tail. They spend most of the daylight hours hanging vertically on tree trunks, head down, resting. During the night, they will venture from their daylight resting spots, and go off in search of prey.
As with all "Uroplatus" geckos, the tail is dorso-ventrally flattened. "U. sikorae" has coloration developed as camouflage, most being grayish brown to black or greenish brown with various markings meant to resemble tree bark; down to the lichens and moss found on the bark. "U. sikorae" has flaps of skin, running the length of its body, head and limbs, known as the "dermal flap", which it can lay against the tree during the day, scattering shadows, and making its outline practically invisible. Additionally, the gecko has a limited ability to alter its skin colour to match its surroundings.
Diet.
Mossy leaf-tailed geckos are insectivores eating insects, arthropods, and gastropods.
Distribution and habitat.
"Uroplatus sikorae" are endemic to Madagascar and are found nowhere else. These geckos are an arboreal species relying on their natural camouflage as they dwell among the trees of the Eastern and central tropical forests of Madagascar.
Captivity.
The mossy leaf-tailed gecko is uncommon in captivity and often kept in breeding pairs or trios. They eat a variety of appropriately sized insects including crickets and moths. If breeding is successful in captivity, eggs will be laid every 30 days and take 90 days to hatch.
Threats.
Habitat destruction and deforestation in Madagascar is the primary threat to this animal's future as well as collection for the pet trade. The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) lists all of the "Uroplatus" species on their "Top ten most wanted species list" of animals threatened by illegal wildlife trade, because of it "being captured and sold at alarming rates for the international pet trade". It is a CITES Appendix 2 protected animal.

</doc>
<doc id="19938604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938604" title="Black Wooden Ceiling Opening">
Black Wooden Ceiling Opening

Black Wooden Ceiling Opening is an EP released by Mount Eerie. The album was released as a 10" record on white vinyl accompanied by a CD containing the same songs, as well as a 10-song bootleg recording of the same group of musicians featured on the album live in concert at the Department of Safety in Anacortes, WA.

</doc>
<doc id="19938619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938619" title="Finn Carling">
Finn Carling

Finn Carling (1 October 1925 – 12 March 2004) was a Norwegian novelist, playwright, poet and essayist. He was born in Oslo. He made his literary debut in 1949 with "Broen" (two short stories and a one-act play).
Finn Carling suffered from innate cerebral palsy, and described his childhood and adolescence with this handicap in the autobiographical novel "Kilden og muren" (1958).
He received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19938620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938620" title="Wolfgang West">
Wolfgang West

Wolfgang 'Wolf' West is a character on the New Zealand TV show Outrageous Fortune who is portrayed by Grant Bowler. Wolf has appeared in all seasons thus far in uncontinuative roles. Wolf was lead cast in season 1, 2, 4 a guest role in season 3 and a guest appearance in season 5. He did not appear in season 6.
Background.
Wolf West is the son of Rita West. His father was believed to be Ted West but was made unclear when it was discovered Rita was having an affair at the time of her conception. He also has a brother called Gary Savage. As a teenager, Wolf met Jeneatte, he started dating her. But soon Wolf realised he was more attracted to her sister Cheryl. When Cheryl was 16, Wolf got her pregnant. Unfortunately the baby died. The two married when they were 17. Wolf went on to have 4 more children with Cheryl. Wolf was mentioned as being in Australia during one episode in season 6, where he owns an earthmoving works with Gary Savage.
Season 1.
In the first ever episode, Wolf went away for 4 years for armed robbery. Wolf suspected Cheryl was having an affair and got Eric to spy on her. Eric saw Cheryl with Wolfs friend Allen and told Wolf. But Cheryl insisted she wasn't having an affair. Her anger at Wolf made her consider it though. Wolf returned for Erics son Billys funeral. He mended things with Cheryl. Cheryl went on to have an affair with Wayne Judd. Wolf didn't realise this though. In the last episode of the season, Wolf was released on home detention.
Season 2.
Wolf appeared regularly in this season as he was on home detention. He constantly had arguments with Cheryl and got in fights with local boy racers. Wolf decided to organise a job to steal money from the Horsemen, a local biker gang. He enlisted help from Jethro West, Hayden Peters and Sparky. The job went successfully. But just before the job, Jethro revealed to Wolf that Cheryl had been having an affair with Wayne Judd. Wolf broke off his home detention leglet and tried to escape. He was in a garage about to destroy the tools used for the job, when Judd approached him telling him to leave forever or he would tell the Horsemen what happened. Wolf sprinted away. He became an official missing person, Pascalle, Munter and Eric went on a search for him but uncovered nothing, except Wolf was suspected murdered by the police and Cheryl and Judd were suspects. No one heard from Wolf except Ted West who was speaking to Wolf over phone. Judd later found this number and recorded it. Wolf returned in the final few episodes to frame Judd. He successfully framed Judd for blackmail and handed himself into the police.
Outrageous Fortune the Movie.
Ranger Graeme revealed that Wolf delivered a Christmas cake.
Season 3.
Wolf appeared in the last 2 episodes of season 3 when Judd tracked him down. He was with his new girlfriend Sheree Gregan. He came back to the Wests to help sort everything out about Gary Savage, who he revealed was his half brother. He savagely beat up Gary and told him not to come back.
Season 4.
Wolf started in season 4 in a relationship with Sheree Greegan but made it clear throughout the season he wanted his ex, Cheryl West back. Wolf worked at Sheree's brother Nicky's gym as a trainer but quit after Nicky started up with Loretta. Wolf was wrongly accused of stealing 80K from a bank which was actually stolen by Loretta and Jethro as a pay back for all he had done for them.
Wolf was released near the end of the season and called it quits on Sheree. Wolf tried his best to get Cheryl back but she wanted to stay with Wayne. Wolf, Loretta and Jethro miraculously joined sides to try to get Pascalle away from Nicky who Wolf called "a bad bastard." It backfired and Pascalle ended up getting engaged to Nicky. At the season finale, Wolf called Pascalle and told her if you ever need me just call. And that was the last of Wolf until he appeared as a figment of Cheryl's imagination in season 5.
Season 5.
Wolf didn't physically appear in season 5, but when Cheryl lost her baby, she went to the bay where her and Wolf spread their first baby's ashes. She imagined him for a whole day. The viewer was led to believe that Wolf was actually there. Cheryl and the imaginary Wolf went on to rob a shop and cause havoc around the village. But the hallucinations stopped when Cheryl imagined a young version of herself and Wolf on the day they spread their baby's ashes. Pascelle came to Cheryls rescue and took her home. Wolf was not seen again

</doc>
<doc id="19938621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938621" title="Fainaru">
Fainaru

Fainaru may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19938624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938624" title="Spectrophobia">
Spectrophobia

Spectrophobia (from Latin: "spectrum", n. specio, an appearance, form, image of a thing; an apparition, spectre) is a kind of specific phobia involving a morbid fear of mirrors.
Catoptrophobia (from the word "catoptric" meaning using a mirror to focus light; from Greek word katoptrikos) is the fear of mirrors. This phobia is distinct from Eisoptrophobia, which is the fear of your own reflection. 
Causes.
Generally, an individual that deals with Spectrophobia has been traumatized in an event where they believe they have seen or heard apparitions or ghosts. The individual could also become traumatized by horror films, television shows, or by nightmares.
This fear could be the result of a trauma involving mirrors. It could also be the result of the person’s superstitious fear of being watched through the mirror.
Fear.
Sufferers of catoptrophobia can fear the breaking of a mirror bringing extreme bad luck. They can fear the thought of something frightening jumping out of the mirror or seeing something disturbing inside of it besides their own reflection when looking directly at it. Others fear that it is a link to the supernatural world or a gateway into another world. Some also fear their own reflection in the darkness, as it can appear distorted in strange ways.
Treatment.
As with most phobias this fear could be cured with therapy and / or medication. Relaxation techniques or support groups could also be effective.

</doc>
<doc id="19938642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938642" title="My Friend Lefterakis">
My Friend Lefterakis

O filos mou o Lefterakis (Greek: , Alternate translations: "My Friend, Lefterakis" or "Lefterakis, My Friend") is a 1964 Greek theatrical comedy film starring Dinos Iliopoulos, Kostas Voutsas and Maro Kontou.
Plot.
Thodoros (Dinos Iliopoulos) and Fofo (Maro Kontou) are a married middle-class couple, stuck in a rut. Thodoros has "invented" an out-of-town friend, Lefterakis, who is conveniently in Athens every time Thodoros wants to have a night out with his mistress.
One evening, while in the middle of a card game with his friend Thanassis (Giorgos Konstantinou), he starts explaining his scam to him; they are interrupted however by the maid, who announces that Lefterakis has just arrived from Patras. Fofo, apparently oblivious to her husband's horror and Thanassis' confusion, invites Lefterakis (Kostas Voutsas) to spend a couple of days at their place.
Over the next couple of days, Thodoros is becoming more and more paranoid, as he first suspects that someone is playing a prank on him, then that he's being blackmailed and, as the fake Lefterakis seems to know a lot of details about him, that he's indeed losing his mind. 
In the end it is revealed tha Fofo has known about Thodoros' infidelities and the invention of "Lefterakis" for a while and has planned the whole thing to teach him a lesson, asking a friend to impersonate "Lefterakis". The couple finally decides to put their differences away when Fofo announces she's pregnant.
General information.
The movie made 61,734 tickets

</doc>
<doc id="19938649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938649" title="George Washington House (Bladensburg, Maryland)">
George Washington House (Bladensburg, Maryland)

The George Washington House, or Indian Queen Tavern, is located at Baltimore Ave., at Upshur St., in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was constructed in the 1760s. The -story structure is constructed of brick Flemish bond on ends. The plan is rectangular, with a gabled roof, exterior end chimneys, gabled shingled dormers. There are first and second-story center entrances, each with a transom. There is a full-width 1-story porch with balustraded deck, side entrances. The structure includes a later 2-story rear addition. The structure is Georgian.
It represents the last remnant of a social and commercial complex established in the 1760s by Jacob Wirt, whose son William Wirt later became prominent U.S. Attorney General and 1832 Presidential candidate. The Indian Queen Tavern gained its reputation as the "George Washington House" through an assumption that "George Washington slept here." Research in primary sources has shown that the extant structure was never a tavern during Washington's lifetime, although it is possible that he stayed in the frame Indian Queen Tavern formerly located next to the present structure. The brick tavern began to be known as the "George Washington House" before 1878 when it was being used as a hotel. The structure also housed Jacob Coxey's "army" of unemployed during an 1894 march on Washington, D.C. to demand relief. It now serves as headquarters for the Anacostia Watershed Society.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19938681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938681" title="Lists of ABC shows">
Lists of ABC shows

List of ABC shows may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19938691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938691" title="Mount Cramer">
Mount Cramer

Mount Cramer, at is the second highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The summit of Mount Cramer is located on the border of Custer and Boise Counties. The peak is the highest point in Boise County. Mount Cramer is also located within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The town of Stanley, Idaho is almost from Mount Cramer, while the area known as Sawtooth City is nearly from Mount Cramer. The west side of Mount Cramer drains into the South Fork of the Payette River, while the east side drains to the Salmon River.
Mount Cramer can be climbed in one day via the Hell Roaring Lake Trailhead, which is located down unmaintained Sawtooth National Forest road 398, west of Idaho Route 75. The last section of the hike and class 3 scramble is off-trail.

</doc>
<doc id="19938700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938700" title="Dandaragan, Western Australia">
Dandaragan, Western Australia

Dandaragan is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The name of Dandaragan was first recorded in 1850 as the name of a nearby gulley and spring or watering hole known as Dandaraga spring. The word is Indigenous Australian in origin and is thought to mean "good kangaroo country".
The first recorded land lease was to William Brockman in 1848; he had a land lease at Muchamulla Springs.
James Drummond settled in the area in 1850 and established a farm. A police station was built later and the townsite was gazetted in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19938701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938701" title="Eilera">
Eilera

Eilera (born Aurélie Potin Suau) is a French metal singer, songwriter, and formerly a guitarist. She began her music career as a guitarist and songwriter for Chrysalis, a melodic death metal band. Eventually, she disbanded Chrysalis to pursue a solo career with assistance from fellow Chrysalis guitarist Loïc Tézénas under the name of Eilera. Currently, she is signed to Finnish label Spinefarm Records and is working on her third label release.
Biography.
Eilera first began playing music at the age of twelve when she began taking classical guitar lessons. At the age of seventeen she moved on to the electric guitar and began playing metal music. At the age of nineteen she decided to form her own metal band but for some time was unsuccessful at recruiting members she could work with. It wasn't until she met members of the bands Hegemon, and Kalisia in Montpellier that she was able to put a working band together under the name of Suspiria.
Eventually, Suspiria changed its name to Chrysalis and released "Between Strength and Frailty", a demo that was distributed by the French record label Adipocere Records. During this time Eilera and fellow Chrysalis guitarist Loïc Tézénas began working on a side project they called Bliss which mixed electronic music with metal music. In 2003, Eilera along with Loïc decided to disband Chrysalis for various reasons and began to focus solely on their side project now known as Eilera. That same year the duo self-released Eilera's first album, a full-length demo titled "Facettes".
In 2004, Eilera caught the attention of Finnish label Spinefarm Records and a recording contract was made. In 2005, Eilera along with Loïc worked with record producer Hiili Hiilesmaa, cellist Max Lilja, drummer Antti Lehtinen, and other session musicians to record Eilera's first album under Spinefarm Records. The product, released that same year was an EP titled "Precious Moment". In 2007, Eilera followed up her EP with her first studio album titled "Fusion" also recorded with the help of Hiili Hiilesmaa, Max Lilja, and Antti Lehtinen.

</doc>
<doc id="19938711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938711" title="1981–82 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1981–82 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1981. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19938714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938714" title="Sofia Källgren">
Sofia Källgren

Anna Sofia Helena Källgren, known as Sofia Källgren (born 17 August 1970, Högsbo, Sweden), is a Swedish singer. She sings in two other languages, English and Mandarin Chinese, in addition to in Swedish.
In 1982 she debuted on the TV-program "Gomorron Sverige" on Sveriges Television. In 1986 she performed the song "I Know Him So Well" from "Chess" in "De okändas revy" leading to participation in a televised talent show "Folkparkernas talangjakt". In 1987 she was awarded the Ulla Billquist-scholarship.
Källgren performed a song, "Världen är vacker", entered to Melodifestivalen 1989. The song was not selected, but Källgren was offered to perform the song "Världen är vår" with "Visitors". In Melodifestivalen 1990 she entered again and performed "Handen på hjärtat" solo backed up by three dancers wearing partial fursuits.
She has performed as Belles in the Swedish version of "Beauty and the Beast" and as Odette in "The Swan Princess". She was awarded Guldmasken (The Golden Mask) for her 1998 performance in the musical "Miss Saigon" at Göta Lejon in Stockholm.
Källgren has performed in several church concerts and festivals. In 2000 she toured with Rhapsody in Rock, replacing Carola Häggkvist, and that Christmas she toured with Tito Beltran, Orsa spelmän and Kalle Moraeus. Together with Robert Wells she participated in Melodifestivalen 2003, but failed to reach the final.
Källgren lives in Bromma with her husband and their son.
Selected discography.
Singles.
The song "Handen på hjärtat" also charted on Svensktoppen

</doc>
<doc id="19938730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938730" title="DRR">
DRR

DRR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19938731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938731" title="John Hughes (architect)">
John Hughes (architect)

John Hughes (June 14, 1903 – February 20, 1977) was a British architect. 
In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his design of a "Sports and Recreation Centre with Stadium, for the City of Liverpool".

</doc>
<doc id="19938740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938740" title="Thomas Haskins">
Thomas Haskins

Thomas A. Haskins (born August 11, 1973)[http://www.brainyhistory.com/events/1973/august_11_1973_144713.html] is a former running back in the Canadian Football League.
College career.
Haskins played for Virginia Military Institute for three seasons. There, he finished his collegiate career holding 21 school records, co-holding 5 school records. In addition to scoring 50 all-time touchdowns, he set the all-time rushing record for Division I-AA with 5349 yards. As of 2002, this ranks him third all-time in Division I-AA. As of 2008, Haskins is the only VMI football player to have his jersey number retired. He is also set to be inducted into the VMI Sports Hall of Fame in November 2008.[http://www.vmikeydets.com/ViewArticle.dbml?SPSID=101147&SPID=3913&DB_OEM_ID=9800&ATCLID=1363180]
Professional career.
In 1997, Haskins joined the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL and played there for the next six seasons, winning a Grey Cup championship in his final year with the team. On February 22, 2003, Haskins signed a free-agent contract with the Edmonton Eskimos. However, a month later, Haskins suffered from a benign brain tumor the size of an orange which was removed.[http://www.canada.com/sports/football/cfl/greycup2003/story.html?id=944aaa30-670f-41dc-a558-318c6b394c35] As a result, Haskins did not suit up for a single game for the Eskimos. Despite that, the Eskimos honoured his contract for the 2003 season. In March 2004, Haskins was released by the Eskimos. Despite vowing to return to professional football after recovering from the tumor, Haskins decided to retire.

</doc>
<doc id="19938746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938746" title="1982–83 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1982–83 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1982. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19938762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938762" title="Edison Fonseca">
Edison Fonseca

Edison Fonseca (born February 25, 1984 in Cartago, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who is currently signed with Navibank Saigon F.C. of Vietnam. He has played in 14 matches for the Colombian U-20 national team, scoring six goals.
Career.
Fonseac returned to Colombia, negating his contract with Mes Rafsanjan on January 28, 2011. His contract with Mes Rafsanjan was terminated due to just cause. The case has been reviewed and approved by FIFA.
In December 2011, he moved to Vietnam and signed a contract with Navibank Saigon F.C. He also included in Navibank Saigon F.C. squads for 2011 -2012 Vietnamese Super Cup in December 17, 2011 .

</doc>
<doc id="19938767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938767" title="1983–84 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1983–84 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1983. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19938771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938771" title="Stardom Bound">
Stardom Bound

Stardom Bound (foaled in Kentucky on April 9, 2006), is an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Tapit (winner of the 2004 Wood Memorial Stakes), a son of Pulpit by A.P. Indy by Seattle Slew.
Purchased in March, 2008 at the Ocala Breeders' Sale's auction of 2-year-olds in training for $375,000, Stardom Bound is out of My White Corvette. A winner of five races in eight starts, Stardom Bound is My White Corvette's first black-type winner.
Owner and Awards.
Stardom Bound is already being compared to the undefeated Zenyatta; those around her call her "Baby Z." Usually breaking badly (once "in the air" and twice slowly), she runs from off the pace, yet has a great turn of foot that shoots her to the lead.
Due mainly to health issues (her trainer, 52 year old Christopher Paasch, beat a rare form of leukemia), her owner, Charles Cono at the age of 84, sold her in the November 2, 2008 Fasig-Tipton Kentucky Selected Mix Sale. She was purchased for $5.7 million by IEAH Stables, headed by Michael Iavarone and Richard Schiavo. Her trainer is now Richard Dutrow.
Stardom Bound won the Eclipse Award as American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly for 2008. Her jockey in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies, Mike E. Smith, was asked how special Stardom Bound could be next year as a 3-year-old. He replied, "She's got a shot with the Derby horses to tell you the truth." 
2009 racing season.
In early 2009 it was announced she would be bred to Big Brown when she retired from racing.
In March 2009 as part of a deal for the three-year-old colt, I Want Revenge, David Lanzman, the colt's owner, received a twenty-five percent interest in Stardom Bound. It was thought she might run in the 2009 Kentucky Derby as one of the top 10 best horses for this year. She was also an entry in the 2009 Kentucky Oaks but she raced in neither the Kentucky Oaks or the Derby. Her owners say she will return to racing in the fall of 2009.
On July 23, 2009, trainer Richard Dutrow, Jr. announced that the filly is pointed towards the 2009 Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic. With Zenyatta taking on males in the Breeders' Cup Classic and Rachel Alexandra not running in either race, Dutrow feels this could be Stardom Bound's race.
Stardom Bound, as of 2011 has retired after finishing a disappointing fifth in an allowance back in 2010 at age four. She was retired and bred to Big Brown in 2010. She has recently produced a colt by Big Brown in 2011, and will be expecting in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19938778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938778" title="The Addams Family (disambiguation)">
The Addams Family (disambiguation)

The Addams Family are fictional characters originating in a series of cartoons.
The Addams Family may also refer to:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19938794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938794" title="Jens Klemmensen">
Jens Klemmensen

Jens Hovmøller Klemmensen (February 23, 1902 – February 17, 1977) was a Danish architect.
In 1932 he won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his design of a "Stadium and Public Park".

</doc>
<doc id="19938801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938801" title="Paul Edmondson (enduro rider)">
Paul Edmondson (enduro rider)

Paul "Fast Eddy" Edmondson (born 17 July 1969) is a British enduro rider and a four-time World Enduro Champion. He is also a long-time member of the British team in the International Six Days Enduro (ISDE), was the fastest racer in the 125 cc class in 1989, 1990, 1991 and 1994 and holds the ISDE record for Gold Medals, taking his total to 16 in 2009's Portugal ISDE.
Edmondson took the 125 cc European championship title with KTM in 1989, and repeated his success when the world championship was started the following year. He won his second world title with Husqvarna in 1993, and then switched to Gas Gas, winning the 125 cc world championship in 1994 and the 250 cc in 1996. After competing in the United States for some years, Edmondson returned to the World Enduro Championship and finished runner-up to Peter Bergvall in the 250 cc 4-stroke class in 2002, and to Juha Salminen in the E2 class in 2004. After retiring from the series, he has continued racing in the British national championship (BEC), where he has won several titles. In the 2008 season, Edmondson returned to the WEC for the GP of Wales and finished fourth in both rounds.
Career summary.
Paul Edmondson did has last race on Saturday 29 September 2012 for the ACU British ISDE Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19938816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938816" title="Quebec University Football League">
Quebec University Football League

The Quebec University Football League was the Canadian football conference for Quebec universities who participate in CIS football until the completion of the 2010 football season. It has since been renamed Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec football, or noted by the acronym RSEQ.
The champion is awarded the Dunsmore Cup and moves on to compete in a national semi-final Bowl game against one of the other three CIS football conferences. It is governed by the Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec.
The present constitution of the RSEQ was founded in 2001, following the departure of Queen's University and University of Ottawa from the Ontario-Quebec Intercollegiate Football Conference (OQIFC). First simply known as the Quebec Intercollegiate Football Conference (QIFC), it was renamed the Quebec University Football League ("Ligue de football universitaire du Québec") in 2004.
History.
The history of university football in Quebec goes back to the early foundations of football in Canada. The earliest interuniversity football league was the Canadian Intercollegiate Rugby Football Union (CIRFU) which was formed in late 1897 and began competition in 1898. The CIRFU competed for the Yates Cup, donated by H. B. Yates of McGill University in 1898 and awarded to the league champion annually. Teams competing since that first year were McGill Redmen, Queen's Golden Gaels, and the Toronto Varsity Blues. In following years, they were joined by Ottawa Gee-Gees (1905–1912), Royal Military College (1913), Western Ontario Mustangs (1929–1970), McMaster Marauders (1952–1953, 1968–1970), and Waterloo Warriors (1968–1970). In addition, beginning in 1953, the Bishop's Gaiters, Collège Militaire Royal, Loyola College Warriors, Macdonald College Aggies, and St. Patrick's College (part of the University of Ottawa but team amalgamated with Carleton Ravens in 1967) joined a new Ottawa-St.Lawrence Intercollegiate Athletic Association.
In 1971, intercollegiate sport in Central Canada completely re-organised with the division of athletic associations along provincial lines and the Quebec University Athletic Association (QUAA) was formed but collapsed following the 1973 season. In 1974, the remaining football teams from the Ontario and Quebec provincial associations were combined into the new Ontario-Quebec Intercollegiate Football Conference (OQIFC) with East and West Divisions. All Quebec-based teams were in the East along with Carleton Ravens, Ottawa Gee-Gees, Queen's Golden Gaels, and, for the 1974 and 1975 seasons, Toronto Varsity Blues.
In 1980, the OQIFC re-organised again and the West division became the Ontario Universities Athletics Association and the East division retained the Ontario-Quebec Intercollegiate Football Conference name without the need of a division.
Following the 2000 season, the University of Ottawa and Queen’s University withdrew from the OQIFC and joined the OUA football conference leaving the OQIFC with only Quebec teams so it became known as the Quebec Intercollegiate Football Conference (QIFC). In 2004, the QIFC was formally renamed the Quebec University Football League (QUFL).
QUFL teams.
University football programs in the QUFL are:

</doc>
<doc id="19938827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938827" title="Woodyard Archeological Site">
Woodyard Archeological Site

The Woodyard Archeological Site is an unexcavated archaeological site located in Clinton, Prince George's County, Maryland. This site was originally patented as "Darnall’s Delight" for Colonel Henry Darnall in 1683. Sometime before 1711, Darnall built a large brick mansion known as "The Woodyard." 
In 1765, Darnall’s Delight was purchased by Stephen West, who added a large wing to the brick house. West established a firearms manufactory and spinning mill to supply the Continental forces during the American Revolutionary War. The original plantation home was destroyed during the Civil War. The site includes an L-shaped brick house constructed about 1870.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19938830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938830" title="Azabu-Nagasakachō, Minato, Tokyo">
Azabu-Nagasakachō, Minato, Tokyo


</doc>
<doc id="19938841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938841" title="Enrique García">
Enrique García

Enrique García (20 November 1912 – 23 August 1969) was an Argentine football left winger who won the Copa América on two occasions with the Argentina national team. 
"Chueco" García was born on 20 November 1912 in Santa Fe. he started playing for local club Las Rosas and was sold to Gimnasia y Esgrima de Santa Fe despite wanting to play for Unión.
In 1933, he joined Rosario Central where he played until he joined Racing Club de Avellaneda for an Argentine record transfer fee of $38,931. He made a total of 233 appearances for "La Academia" between 1936 and 1944, scoring 78 goals.
García played 35 times for Argentina between 1935 and 1943. He was part of the Copa América winning squads of 1937 and 1941, he also played in the 1942 edition of the tournament. Unfortunately the peak of his career coincided with World War II denying him the chance to play in a FIFA World Cup.
García was commonly known by the nickname "Chueco" but his other nicknames included "El Poeta de la zurda" (Poet of the left), "el Mago" (The magician), "el Imparable" (The unstoppable one). He died on 23 August 1969 aged 56, he is fondly remembered as one of the finest left sided players in the history of Argentine football.

</doc>
<doc id="19938845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938845" title="Chantal de Chevron-Villette">
Chantal de Chevron-Villette

"Chantal" Françoise Marie Camille de Chevron-Villette (10 January 1925 in Le Cannet-des-Maures, Var, France – 24 May 2005 in Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine, France) was the wife of Prince Ferdinand of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Duke of Castro, claimant to the headship of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. Through her marriage to Ferdinand, Chantal was the Duchess consort of Calabria and titular Queen consort of the Two Sicilies.
Family.
Chantal was the daughter of Joseph-Pierre de Chevron, Count of Villette and his wife Marie de Colbert-Cannet.
Marriage and issue.
Chantal married Prince Ferdinand of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, only son of Prince Ranieri, Duke of Castro and his wife Countess Maria Carolina Zamoyska, on 23 July 1949 in Giez. Chantal and Ferdinand had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="19938861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938861" title="Walter Jenkins (clerk)">
Walter Jenkins (clerk)

Sir Walter St David Jenkins CB CBE (1 March 1874 – 7 June 1951) was a senior British official in the Admiralty, serving as Director of Navy Contracts from 1919 to 1936. Jenkins was born on 1 March 1874 and educated at Carmarthen Grammar School and Oswestry School. He won a Meyricke exhibition to Jesus College, Oxford in 1893, obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1897 before joining the Admiralty as a first-class clerk. 
From 1902 to 1906, he was secretary of the committee that recommended the introduction of oil as the fuel for warships – he later drafted the Admiralty's report for presentation to the Royal Commission on Oil Fuel – whilst also spending time travelling to India and Burma to arrange for stores to be supplied to British naval stations in the Far East and to obtain teak for the Admiralty. He was commended by the First Lord of the Admiralty (Winston Churchill) for securing naval coal supplies in anticipation of a miners' strike in south Wales. He was Admiralty secretary of the Railway Communications Board that drew up the plan for taking over the railways using the powers contained in the Defence of the Realm Act. He served on various inter-departmental committees during the First World War, and was appointed by the Government as a director of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company in 1918, resigning to become Director of Navy Contracts in 1919. He remained in this post until retirement in 1936, thereafter working in the commercial sector. He also become the first independent chairman of the National Federation of Iron and Steel Merchants (1938–1944). He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (1918) and a Companion of the Order of the Bath (1921) before being knighted on his retirement in 1936. He was also appointed an Officer of the Légion d'honneur (1918) and an Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy (1918), as well as being awarded the Order of St Anne of Russia. He died in London on 7 June 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19938876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938876" title="Cyril Searle">
Cyril Searle

Cyril Searle (May 12, 1921 – February 2005) was an English cricketer. He was a wicket-keeper who played for Essex. He was born in Battersea and died in Wandsworth.
Searle made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Cambridge University in 1947. In the only innings in which he batted, he scored 5 not out. He took one catch and one stumping.

</doc>
<doc id="19938948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938948" title="Dave Mader III">
Dave Mader III

Dave Mader III (born June 30, 1955) is an American auto racer from Maylene, Alabama. He competed in ten NASCAR Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup Series) races between 1988 and 1992, including leading seven laps at Martinsville Speedway in 1992. In the Busch Series, he raced in 22 events between 1986 and 1992, with nine Top 10 finishes. He raced in two Craftsman Truck Series events in 1998.
In his career, Dave has raced Southern All Star, Sunoco, ASA, NASCAR Late Model Stock, All Pro, NASCAR All - American Challenge, ARCA, NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, Winston Cup, and Busch Series. He also builds and manufactures his own race cars, helps various race teams as their crew chief, and has taught at Race Car College. He has accumulated 224 feature wins. He also competed in the 1992 running of The Winston, driving the #9 car which was in the race as a winning team, thanks to Bill Elliott winning in 1991.
Mader has a daughter Kelly and is helping her with her racing career.

</doc>
<doc id="19938952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938952" title="George H. W. Bush judicial appointment controversies">
George H. W. Bush judicial appointment controversies

During President George H.W. Bush's term in office, he nominated 11 individuals for 10 different federal appellate judgeships who were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee. The Republicans claim that Senate Democrats of the 102nd Congress on purpose tried to keep open particular judgeships as a political maneuver to allow a future Democratic president to fill them. All 10 of the judgeships were eventually filled with Clinton nominees, although one nominee, Roger Gregory, was nominated by Clinton and then renominated by President George W. Bush. None of the nominees were nominated after July 1, 1992, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year. Senator Orrin Hatch, the Republican leader of the Senate Judiciary Committee during the 106th Congress mentioned the controversy over President George H.W. Bush's court of appeals nominees during the following controversy involving the confirmation of any more Democratic court of appeals nominees during the last two years of President Bill Clinton's second term.

</doc>
<doc id="19938956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938956" title="Jamie Meltzer">
Jamie Meltzer

Jamie Meltzer is an American movie and documentary film director with four movies thus far, ""Off the Charts: The Song-Poem Story"", ""Welcome to Nollywood"", ""La Caminata"" (a short film) , and the feature-length documentary film ""Informant"". He teaches documentary film and video production in the Art Department of Stanford University, as part of the MFA Program in Documentary Film and Video.
"Pegasus" (1998), a short 16 mm film made while he was a graduate student at San Francisco State University, chronicles the adventures of a gay motorcycle club on a joy ride in Marin County. This film was screened at the 1998 San Francisco International Lesbian & Gay Film Festival as well as other venues. 
"Off the Charts: The Song-Poem Story" (2003), an hour-long documentary, marks his feature film debut. It played at festivals worldwide, and was screened on PBS' Independent Lens series in 2003.
"Welcome to Nollywood" (2007) is a documentary about the explosive phenomenon of Nigerian movies. It aired on PBS as part of the AfroPop Series in 2008.
"La Caminata" (2009) is a short film exploring the efforts of a small Mexican town to combat the migration of their community to the U.S. The town, El Alberto, puts on a weekly tourist event called the Caminata, where they simulate a nighttime "crossing" of the border, complete with balaclava-clad coyotes and simulated border patrol in hot pursuit. The film played at film festivals in 2009, including the AFI Silverdocs Festival and the True/False Film Festival. 
"Informant" (2012) a feature-length documentary film that investigates the turbulent journey of Brandon Darby, a radical leftist activist turned FBI informant turned right-wing Tea Party activist. It premiered at the 2012 San Francisco International Film Festival,"With uncommon restraint, Meltzer delivers a fascinating study that transcends political chest beating. Informant raises the possibility of fluid truth in a system addicted to false binaries." The film won the Best Documentary Jury Award at the Austin Film Festival in October 2012[http://www.indiewire.com/article/sparrows-dance-informant-among-the-austin-film-festivals-jury-winners].

</doc>
<doc id="19938996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938996" title="Journal of Contingencies and Crisis Management">
Journal of Contingencies and Crisis Management

The Journal of Contingencies and Crisis Management (JCCM) is a multi-disciplinary, peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all theoretical and practical aspects relating to crisis management.
"JCCM" is the leading journal on the subject of crisis management. It was founded in 1993 by Prof. Uriel Rosenthal and Prof. Alexander Kouzmin (University of Plymouth). The current editor is Prof. Ira Helsloot (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam).
Subject areas include: emergency management, risk management, contingency plans, foreign policies, ecological crisis, financial crisis, international relations, security policies, and conflict resolution.
"JCCM" is published by Wiley-Blackwell. Reviews from older issues are regularly re-published in the Political ReviewNet database.

</doc>
<doc id="19939003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939003" title="List of MTR station codes">
List of MTR station codes

The MTR Corporation issues three-letter codes for all heavy-rail stations of the Integrated MTR Network, and a three-numeral code for Light Rail stops.
Below is a list of stations of the Integrated MTR System, sorted according to their station codes, for

</doc>
<doc id="19939004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939004" title="Obsession (1954 film)">
Obsession (1954 film)

Obsession is a 1954 French language motion picture crime drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Antoine Blondin, Roland Laudenbach and Gian Luigi Rondi, based on story "Silent as the Grave" by Cornell Woolrich. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Raf Vallone.
It tells the story of a couple forming a circus trapeze, and they are involved in a murder case.

</doc>
<doc id="19939010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939010" title="Johanna San Miguel">
Johanna San Miguel

Johanna San Miguel (born November 14, 1967) is a Peruvian actress, presenter and comedian. Best known for being the host of the entertainment segment of ""Primera Edición"" morning news show. Her segment is called ""America Espectáculos."" and being in the teen soap opera ""Carmín"" and playing the fun and extroverted Queka in the popular show ""Patacláun"'.
Television.
Her career in television started in 1984 with the teen soap ""Carmín"". In 1995, she participated in the popular soap ""Los Unos y los Otros"" (The Ones, and the Others), where she met the actor Carlos Carlin, who later became her partner in various successful theater projects. It was around this time that she became part of the cast of the comedy troupe ""Patacláun"" which had a TV show of the same name. That show was broadcast by Frecuencia Latina, where she and her character ""Queka"" became very popular. Four years later she did ""Carita de Atún"" (Tuna face, a mock reference to "Carita de Angel" or Angel face a popular kid soap opera) An avant garde show that parodied shmaltzy children's soap operas by infusing them with comedy and adding elements of theater design in their sets.
Radio.
She co- hosted for a time along with Carlos Carlin , a radio show called ""Yo te amo, yo tampoco."" on Lima's Radio Planeta. Currently she's the host of radio a radio show called "Jamon, Jamon" in Lima's Studio92 radio.
Theater.
Along with Carlos Carlin, she acted in successful plays like ""Chancho Amor"" (a play on the Spanish words: "tanto amor" but in this case meaning pig love) and ""Puro Cuento"" the last one a funny and irrevernt take on fairy tales with an adult and sexy twist.
Currently, Johanna, serves as host of the showbiz segment for the morning news program ""Primera Edición"" on America TV, in addition to conducting the radio program "Jamon, Jamon" on Lima's Studio92 radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19939026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939026" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Amador County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Amador County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Amador County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19939040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939040" title="AUX 88">
AUX 88

AUX 88 is an electro group from Michigan, USA. AUX 88 is composed of Tom Tom (Tommy Hamilton) and Keith Tucker (DJ name DJ K1.) The group was originally formed as "RX-7" in 1985. The group also formed another project known as Sight Beyond Sight, before forming AUX 88 in 1993. In 1995, Tucker went solo and Hamilton continued as Aux 88 together with dancer William "BJ" Smith. After Smith left in 1998, Aux 88 became Hamilton's solo project. Tucker later rejoined the band.
Aux 88 have released a string of singles, primarily on Direct Beat Records. Their debut album "Is It Man or Machine?" came out in 1996, followed by Hamilton's solo project, "Xeo-Genetic" (1998), which won for Detroit Music Awards' Best Artist and Best Recording. In 1999 Aux 8 released a CD in the Electro Boogie series of mixed albums. In 2005 Aux 88 released their self-titled third album Aux 88.
Aux 88 have also released music under the aliases Aux Men and Alien FM.

</doc>
<doc id="19939058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939058" title="John W. Blaney">
John W. Blaney

John William Blaney is a United States State Department official and former U.S. Ambassador to Liberia. Prior to joining the U.S Foreign Service, Blaney served as an officer in the U.S. Army.
As of 2010 Blaney is a senior advisor at Deloitte Consulting.

</doc>
<doc id="19939080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939080" title="Dale Inman">
Dale Inman

Dale Inman (born August 19, 1936) is a retired NASCAR Grand National/Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup Series) crew chief from Level Cross, North Carolina. He is best known for being the crew chief of Richard Petty at Petty Enterprises during three decades. They won 198 races and seven championships together (1964, 1967, 1971, 1972, 1974, 1975, and 1979). Inman spent most of his career working for Petty Enterprises. He also was the crew chief for Terry Labonte's 1984 championship. NASCAR.com contributor Rick Houston said that if the best crew chief was "settled on statistics and statistics alone, Dale Inman is the greatest crew chief of all time." He is credited for starting the main duties of the position including preparation, and driver-pit communication. Inman has the most victories as a NASCAR crew chief mainly for Richard Petty.
Career.
Inman grew up playing with his first cousins Richard and Maurice Petty. The Petty brothers were the son of Lee Petty, who finished in the Top 5 points in NASCAR's stock car division every year from its formation in 1949 until 1959 and won the 1954, 1958, and 1959 championships. The teenage boys would attend some races and work on Lee's car after school and on weekends. Richard started racing in the late 1950s with Maurice and Inman as part of his pit crew, as they were too young to be his crew chief. In 1960, Petty won his first NASCAR race. By this time Maurice and Inman had become NASCAR mechanics. Maurice had been the mechanic and crew chief at the races. Petty Enterprises had him start concentrating on engine building for the team, and Inman became the crew chief at the races. Petty described him as the sport's first official crew chief.
In 1967, Petty won a NASCAR-record ten straight races and 27 races during that season with Inman as his crew chief. All 27 victories were in the same car that they built in 1966. He departed the team days after winning the 1981 Daytona 500. While being interviewed after winning the race, he told CBS reporter Ned Jarrett that would soon be leaving the team. Inman had been crew chief for 192 of Petty's 193 victories.
He was hired by Rod Osterlund to be the crew chief for 1980 champion Dale Earnhardt. That June, Osterlund sold the team to J. D. Stacy and Earnhardt quit Stacy's team in August. He stayed with the team until he was hired by Billy Hagan to join Terry Labonte's team. They won the 1984 championship.
He returned to Petty Enterprises in 1986 to oversee the business side. In an interview, he said, "This is my homecoming and this is where I belong. Damn, I am happy." He continued in his role helping Richard Petty until Petty retired in 1992. After his retirement, Inman helped Petty Enterprises drivers Rick Wilson, John Andretti, and Bobby Hamilton. 
Inman retired from NASCAR in 1998. He continued as a consultant for Petty Enterprises for a while afterward. Away from racing, Inman has helped the Victory Junction Gang Camp get started. In 2008, he helped unveil the first artifact at the NASCAR Hall of Fame, which was the Plymouth Belvedere that Petty drove to 27 wins in 1967.
Awards.
In 2006, a national motorsports media group poll named Ray Evernham as the top NASCAR crew chief of all-time and Inman placed a close second even though he had more first place votes than Evernham. When asked Inman said, "I'm not even sure I should be ranked. I think I was second the poll, and I'm honored at that." He said that the best crew chief that he ever saw was Leonard Wood from the Wood Brothers and Waddell Wilson was good. 
His contributions to racing led to him receiving the North Carolina Auto Racing Hall of Fame's first Golden Wrench award on May 25, 2000. In 2008, he was received the Smokey Yunick Award. 
On June 14, 2011, he was selected to the 2012 class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
As of 2000, Inman was married to his wife Mary for over 40 years. They had children Tina Dale Hussey and Jeffrey Inman, and four grandchildren, Taylor and Logan Hussey, and Peyton and Addison Inman.

</doc>
<doc id="19939130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939130" title="Gordon Trimble">
Gordon Trimble

Gordon Trimble, a member of the United States Republican Party, represents the 12th Senatorial District in the Hawaii State Senate of the Hawaii State Legislature. The 12th Senatorial District includes the Kapahulu, Waikiki, Ala Moana, Kakaako and Downtown areas on the island of Oahu. Democrat Robert Brooks was Sen. Trimble's challenger in the 2004 elections. 
Trimble has BA degree in Economics from Rutgers University and an MA degree in Economics from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. From 1974 to 2000, Trimble was an Economist, Trade Representative and Administrator for Foreign-Trade Zone #9, for the Hawaii State Department of Business and Economic Development. From 1973 to 1974, Trimble was a Research Assistant for the Hawaii State Commission on Operations, Revenues & Expenditures.
Born April 27, 1944, Trimble has been a Hawaii resident since 1969. He is married and has a son.
Sources.
"This article incorporates text from Gordon Trimble at dKosopedia under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License."

</doc>
<doc id="19939132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939132" title="Jorge Suárez Landaverde">
Jorge Suárez Landaverde

Jorge Suárez Landaverde (17 April 1945 – 12 January 1997) was a former Salvadoran footballer.
Club career.
Nicknamed "El Calero", he is considered to be one of the best goalkeepers El Salvador has ever produced. He played for several clubs in El Salvador and made his debut at the highest level with FAS in 1972.
The Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez was named after him on 27 September 1996, just three months prior to his death to cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19939140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939140" title="Mount Heyburn">
Mount Heyburn

Mount Heyburn, at 10,299 feet (3139 m) is one of the many peaks in the Sawtooth Range of central Idaho. Mount Heyburn is located in Custer County and within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The town of Stanley is located 8 miles (13 km) north-northeast of Mount Heyburn. Grand Mogul (9733 ft, 2967 m) and Mount Heyburn are the two signature peaks that frame the southwest end of Redfish Lake, all are in the Salmon River watershed.
Redfish Lake and Little Redfish Lake and the visitor services at these locations are only a few miles north of Mount Heyburn. While there are no trails to the top of Mount Heyburn, there are trails around both sides of Redfish Lake, and a boat service that ferries hikers the from Redfish Lake Lodge on the north end of the lake to the south end at regular intervals, for a round trip fee of $15. The drop-off point at the south end is a campground at the base of Mount Heyburn. The best time to climb Mount Heyburn is in the summer (July, August, or September). All routes to up Mount Heyburn are class 5. 
Mount Heyburn was named for Weldon Heyburn, a U.S. Senator from Idaho from 1903-12. 

</doc>
<doc id="19939160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939160" title="Anderson Lodge">
Anderson Lodge

The Anderson Lodge or Anderson Studio was built in 1890 in the Absaroka Mountains east of Meeteetse, Wyoming, in what was then the Yellowstone Park Timber Land Reserve, soon renamed the Yellowstone Forest Reserve. The two-story rustic log structure became the home of rancher and artist Abraham Archibald Anderson from 1901 to 1905. Anderson played a significant role in the development of the forest reserve as Special Superintendent of Forest Reserves, and the Anderson Lodge was used as an administrative building for the forest.
The National Register lists the site as a historic district, including the Anderson Lodge, a one-room log cabin, an outhouse, two log footbridges, a developed spring, and a pole corral. Its significance is related to its wilderness setting, its association with the beginning of a national conservation movement in the United States, and the early history of the United States Forest Service.
The lodge location is now managed as part of Shoshone National Forest, in the Washakie Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="19939173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939173" title="Pierre Garcia">
Pierre Garcia

Garcia played for Stade Rennais F.C. in the French Ligue 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19939174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939174" title="D. L. Hughley Breaks the News">
D. L. Hughley Breaks the News

D. L. Hughley Breaks the News was a comedy news show that aired on CNN from October 25, 2008 to March 2009, hosted and head written by comedian D. L. Hughley. On March 9, 2009, CNN announced that Hughley would be ending the show due to a desire to work in Los Angeles and be closer to his family. He plans to continue his work with CNN as a Los Angeles-based contributor for the network.
On the show's finale, Hughley did a report about the legalization of marijuana. He took the show into a medical marijuana dispensary to get his doctor's prescription refilled for chronic back pain, but CNN censored that portion of the segment.
Criticism and controversy.
On his February 28, 2009 show, while discussing the Republican National Committee's attempts to gain popularity with the black community, Hughley expressed an opinion to RNC's Chairman Michael Steele and rapper Chuck D, that some have called controversial. Hughley observed, in reference to the racial composition of the 2008 Republican National Convention, "The tenets of the Republican Party are amazing and they seem warm and welcome. But when I watch it be applied — like you didn’t have to go much further than the Republican National Convention...It literally looked like Nazi Germany. It literally did. I make that point, not only are we not welcome — not only are we not welcome, but they don’t even care what we think. That seems to be the way I see..." Chairman Steele interrupted, "Well I'm here now, and you are right."
Hughley's comparison was criticized by conservative commentator Andrew C. McCarthy, who called it a "slanderous claim". Steele also received criticism from conservatives for the same episode, both for expressing agreement with Hughley, and for a comment he made earlier on the show, dismissing radio host Rush Limbaugh as "an entertainer", and calling his radio show "incendiary" and "ugly". Conservative commentator Michelle Malkin wrote that Steele's comments "played right into the left's hands", while RNC member Ada Fisher, citing Steele's comments on the show, called on Steele to resign.

</doc>
<doc id="19939214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939214" title="Kenny Begins">
Kenny Begins

Kenny Begins is a 2009 Swedish comedy science fiction film directed by Carl Åstrand and Mats Lindberg. Johan Rheborg stars as Kenny Starfighter, an aspiring galaxy hero who crash lands on Earth. The film is made as a standalone prequel to the 1997 television series Kenny Starfighter. It holds the record for most special effects in a Swedish film, placing the previous recordholder, "Frostbite", at #2.
Plot.
Kenny Starfighter (Johan Rheborg) is probably the most hopeless student that the Hero academics of the galaxy has ever had. His parents Benny (Per Mårtenson) and Jenny (Sissela Kyle) are tired of paying for his studies and give him an ultimatum: Graduate or become a hairdresser at the family salon!
In a despondent hunt for graduation points, he crash-lands on Earth by mistake. He meets Pontus (Bill Skarsgård), a limping and bullied 15-year old with bad eyesight. Pontus has accidentally found a mysterious and luminary power crystal that has given him superpower and the chance to be noticed by the coolest girl in school, Miranda (Carla Abrahamsen).
While Pontus tries to help Kenny escape from becoming a hairdresser, Rutger Oversmart (Jan Mybrand), the most intelligent man in the universe, finds out that the power of the crystal has been absorbed by Pontus. All he just needs to squeeze the power out of Pontus, and then he will become the most powerful man in the universe. When he finds out that a hero from the galaxy is protecting Pontus, he sends one of the most dangerous bounty hunters, Earth, Wind and Fire, to go get him.

</doc>
<doc id="19939248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939248" title="Francis Heiser">
Francis Heiser

Francis Bernhard Heiser (died 14 December 1952) was a British Anglican priest who was principal of Fourah Bay College in Sierra Leone before becoming principal of St Aidan's Theological College in Birkenhead.
Life.
Heiser was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, graduating in 1906. After being ordained in 1907, he served as curate of St Luke's Church, Hampstead until 1914. He was then the incumbent of Christ Church, Madras until 1920. He was principal of Fourah Bay College in Sierra Leone from 1920 to 1922, before returning to England and becoming vice-principal of St Aidan's Theological College in Birkenhead in 1924. He was principal from 1929 to 1950, then became the vicar of St Margaret's Church in Collier Street, Kent. He was appointed an honorary canon of Chester Cathedral in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19939266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939266" title="Oasis (1955 film)">
Oasis (1955 film)

Oasis is a 1955 French adventure film directed by Yves Allégret. It was based on novel by Joseph Kessel who co-wrote screenplay with Ben Barzman and Georges Kessel. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Cornell Borchers, Carl Raddatz and Pierre Brasseur. 
It tells the story of two female smugglers and an inexperienced gold smuggler.

</doc>
<doc id="19939311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939311" title="Suresh de Mel">
Suresh de Mel

Suresh de Mel was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Old Cambrians.
De Mel made a single first-class appearance, during the 1991/92 season, against Tamil Union in November 1991. Batting in the tailend, he scored 0 in the first innings in which he batted and finished 0 not out in the second. He took figures of 1–52 in an innings defeat for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="19939312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939312" title="N. Piyaratne">
N. Piyaratne

N. Piyaratne was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Old Cambrians.
De Mel made a single first-class appearance, during the 1991/92 season, against Sinhalese Sports Club in November 1991. Batting in the tailend, Piyaratne scored 2 runs in the first innings in which he batted and 7 not out in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19939313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939313" title="D. Perera">
D. Perera

D. Perera was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Old Cambrians.
Perera made a single first-class appearance, during the 1991/92 season, against Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club in November 1991. In the only innings in which he batted, he scored 9 not out.

</doc>
<doc id="19939314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939314" title="S. Perera (Old Cambrians cricketer)">
S. Perera (Old Cambrians cricketer)

S. Perera was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Old Cambrians.
Perera made a single first-class appearance, during the 1991/92 season, against Antonians Sports Club. Batting in the tailend, he scored 7 runs in the first innings and 4 not out in the second. He took figures of 1-61 in the only innings in which he bowled.

</doc>
<doc id="19939332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939332" title="Troy Wilson (American football)">
Troy Wilson (American football)

Troy Ethan Wilson (born November 22, 1970 in Topeka, Kansas) is a former defensive lineman who played in the National Football League. Wilson had a seven-year career playing defensive end for the San Francisco 49ers, Denver Broncos, New Orleans Saints, and the Chicago Bears.
Troy Wilson attended Pittsburg State University from 1989 to 1992, helping Pittsburgh State win the 1991 NCAA Division II national championship.
Wilson was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 7th round (194th overall) of the 1993 NFL Entry Draft. Wilson was a member of the 1994 San Francisco 49ers Super Bowl championship team.
Wilson played for the Tampa Bay Storm in the Arena Football League in 2002 and 2003. He was a member of the 2003 Arena Bowl championship team.

</doc>
<doc id="19939359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939359" title="Vision 2 Drama">
Vision 2 Drama

Vision 2 Drama is a 24 hours teledrama channel, the first one in Indonesia. The channel was launched in 2005, and broadcast by Indovision and Top TV. All programs are dubbed in Indonesian. Currently the channel shows the top rated Asian, America Latin, Korea and Taiwan teledramas.
In 2012, Vision 2 Drama would be rebranded into MNC Drama, but in launching time, MNC Drama not replacing Vision 2 Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="19939388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939388" title="Too Drunk...">
Too Drunk...

"Too Drunk" is the eleventh single by Buckcherry, and their first from their fourth album "Black Butterfly". The song is about a man drinking all night and all day, and having the girl of his desire walk away because he's "too drunk to fuck". The song was apparently leaked by the band's manager in 2008, yet the band later claimed that the track was pirated.
The song was removed from re-releases of the album and replaced by their cover of "Highway Star" from Deep Purple that was used by NASCAR on TNT as its 2009 theme song.
Music video.
The video features a house party, during which the band is shown playing, and a couple are shown having sex in various places. Pornographic actors Ashlynn Brooke and Tommy Gunn (her then boyfriend) make cameos as the couple engaged in the act.

</doc>
<doc id="19939393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939393" title="Bob Lynn">
Bob Lynn

Bob Lynn is a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing the 31st District since 2002. He is currently serving as Chair of the State Affairs Committee, is Vice-Chair of the Judiciary Committee, and is a member of the Transportation Committee and Joint Armed Forces Committees. He also serves on the Labor & Workforce Development, Military & Veterans' Affairs, and Public Safety Finance Subcommittees, for the 28th Legislature. Bob Lynn is a retired fighter pilot with the United States Air Force and a Vietnam Veteran.
Alaska Legislature.
During the 2011-2012 legislative session, Lynn chaired the State Affairs Committee in the Alaska House. 
Personal life.
Lynn and his wife Marlene (née Wagner) have six children, and twenty-one grandchildren. Lynn was born in East Los Angeles, California, where he graduated from the Garfield High School. He received a Bachelor of Arts from University of Arizona, and received a Master of Arts from California State University, Long Beach. He is also a graduate of the "Education with Industry" program of the Air University. He served as mayor pro-tem and city councilman of the City of Moreno Valley, Riverside County, California, and was instrumental in the founding of that city in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19939402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939402" title="Surface map">
Surface map

In mathematics, geology, and cartography, a surface map is a 2D perspective representation of a 3-dimensional surface.
Surface maps usually represent real-world entities such as landforms or the surfaces of objects. They can, however, serve as an abstraction where the third, or even all of the dimensions correspond to non-spatial data. In this capacity they act more as graphs than maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19939445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939445" title="Jason Guida">
Jason Guida

Jason Guida (born August 4, 1977) is an American professional mixed martial artist and grappler who has fought for EliteXC, World Extreme Cagefighting, Bellator, Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki, Adrenaline MMA, World Extreme Fighting and Ironheart Crown. Jason is the older brother of Ultimate Fighting Championship veteran Clay Guida. 
Mixed martial arts career.
Guida appeared on and was eliminated in the first episode for failing to make the 206 lb weight limit by 1 pound.
Following this, as a last minute replacement for Ken Shamrock, Guida faced former WWE pro wrestling star Bobby Lashley. Guida lost by unanimous decision. Before his bout with Lashley, he and Guida got in a scuffle at a pre-fight press conference that had to be broken up by Roy Jones Jr.. 
Guida then suffered losses to UFC veteran Jeremy Horn and top Polish contender Mamed Khalidov, but overcame his losing streak with a knockout win over former UFC fighter Logan Clark, ending the fight with a barrage of punches in the first round in Clark's hometown of Rochester, Minnesota.
In 2009 Jason was set to take on 2011 ADCC World Championship Nottingham Gold Medalist and current UFC fighter, Vinny Magalhães in the main event of "Carolina Crown 2" as a late replacement for Lance Evans, the brother of UFC star Rashad Evans. He later dropped out of the fight due to a lower back injury sustained during training, he was replaced by Bellator fighter Chris Davis. 
In 2010, Guida then tried out for The Ultimate Fighter 12 in the light heavyweight division but was unsuccessful when the light heavyweights were cut before the season started in favor of a lightweight only season.
Guida stepped in as a replacement and fought Justin Lemke at Bellator 29 in a 210 lb catchweight bout and his Bellator debut. Guida weighed in 5 lbs over the catchweight limit and the fight was changed to a 215 lb catchweight bout.
Guida was involved in a backstage scuffle with heavyweight Sean McCorkle at UFC 124 in which members of Guida's camp and Guida himself warned McCorkle that he was a Made man. 
In 2011, Jason joined his brother Clay and started training under top mixed martial arts trainer, Greg Jackson, in an attempt to reinvent his fighting career. 
On November 16, 2012 Guida was scheduled to make his return against former UFC contender Jason Brilz in the main event of Disorderly Conduct 13. The fight was later scrapped due to an injury Jason suffered training with Greg Jackson's MMA.
Guida is expected to fight Anthony Gomez at Bellator 112 on March 14, 2014, after his original opponent Sean Salmon pulled out for undisclosed reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19939447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939447" title="Anne Pressly">
Anne Pressly

Anne Pressly (August 28, 1982 – October 25, 2008) was an American news anchor for KATV Channel 7 in Little Rock, Arkansas. She was born in Beaufort, South Carolina and grew up in Greenville. She moved to Little Rock during her high school junior year when her mother remarried. On October 25, 2008, she died from injuries resulting from a break-in on October 20, 2008.
Biography.
After earning her B.A. in Political Science from Rhodes College in Memphis, Tennessee, Pressly was hired at KATV in May 2004 to produce "Good Morning Arkansas" and report for "MidDay Arkansas" and "Saturday Daybreak". She was promoted to a full-time reporter position in November, 2004.
A chance encounter with a casting director while working on a story helped her land a small role as Candice Black, a conservative commentator, in Oliver Stone's 2008 film "W."
Attack and death.
Anne Pressly was found at 4:30 a.m. on October 20, 2008, a half-hour before she was due to appear on the station's "Daybreak" program. Little Rock police were alerted by her mother, Patricia Cannady, when Pressly did not answer her wake-up call. Cannady found Pressly unresponsive in her bed with injuries sustained to her head and upper body consistent with a beating. She had been raped, her left hand had been broken, and her face had been crushed beyond recognition. The attacker took her laptop computer, her handbag with a credit card, and little else.
Robbery.
Little Rock Police Department spokesman Cassandra Davis said police did not believe that she was intentionally targeted, but robbery was the suspected motive after her purse was discovered missing. Her credit card was used at a service station several miles away, sometime after Cannady had discovered her daughter.
Pressly owned two cocker spaniels and it was theorized the attacker gained entrance to her home via a dog door.
Hospitalization and death.
She was hospitalized at St. Vincent Infirmary Medical Center and died five days later on October 25, 2008.
On the evening of her death, Pressly's mother and stepfather released a statement:
Memorial service and reward.
A memorial service for Pressly was scheduled for October 30, 2008. KATV set up a reward fund for information on Pressly's murder and the fund exceeded $50,000. Her family requested that either contributions be made to the fund or a scholarship fund established in her name.
Pressly's alma mater, Rhodes College, expressed a desire to honor her by either establishing a memorial, setting up a scholarship, or supporting her favorite charity.
Perpetrator.
On November 26, 2008, police in Little Rock, Arkansas arrested Curtis Lavelle Vance for the murder of Pressly. On November 11, 2009, Vance was convicted of capital murder, residential burglary, rape and theft of property. Vance was reportedly a fan of Pressly, and was a frequent viewer of her morning news show. The following day, he was sentenced to life in prison without parole. After Vance's sentencing, an interview was being conducted outside the courtroom with David Bazzell, a local radio personality and a friend of Anne's. Bazzell stated that he felt justice had been carried out. Vance's enraged mother was standing nearby and overheard the comment, shouting at Bazzell, "No it wasn't! No it wasn't! My son is innocent! No justice here today!" DNA evidence had proven that Vance was Pressly's rapist and attacker.
The Arkansas Supreme Court rejected Vance's appeal on June 2, 2011.
Vance was also charged with the rape of Kristen Edwards on April 21, 2008 at her home in Marianna, Arkansas. Before he fled, the rapist stole her cell phone and charger, a video and $3 – all the cash she had with her at the time. Vance was subjected to a swab test for his DNA and all 16 genetic markers the test compared matched the DNA recovered from the semen in Edwards's rape. During the trial, Vance admitted under questioning that he had been inside Edwards's home on the morning of the rape, although he claimed that it was because "there were mobs roaming the streets in Little Rock" that morning and he was afraid. Despite his admission of being in the victims home, her being brutally raped that morning, and the statistically negligible chance of his DNA matching anyone else's, the jury was hung, resulting in a mistrial. There were five white and seven black jurors, and they split exactly along ethnic lines, with the seven blacks voting for acquitting Vance, who is also black.

</doc>
<doc id="19939459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939459" title="Gamliel Rabinowitz">
Gamliel Rabinowitz

Rabbi Gamliel HaKohen Rabinowitz (Rappaport), a Rosh Yeshiva of Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva in Jerusalem, Israel, is a recognized leader in the worldwide Jewish community, who lives in Jerusalem's Zikhron Moshe neighborhood. Rabbi Rabinowitz is recognized as an expert in Jewish Law and Kabbalah.
Kohen status.
Rabbi Rabinowitz is of the Rappaport family, and possesses rare documentation attesting to his status as a Kohen.
Activities.
Rabbi Rabinowitz's activities include speaking engagements at educational institutions and writing books on various Jewish topics.

</doc>
<doc id="19939488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939488" title="Tian Xian Pei">
Tian Xian Pei

Tian Xian Pei (), sometimes translated as "Fairy Couple", is a Chinese legend, which existed as oral traditions before any written compilation. It has since become a major subject of several Chinese opera, films and TV series.
Story.
The seven daughters of the Jade Emperor travel to the mortal world. The youngest of the seventh fairy maiden was in search of her lost weaving equipment and the " feather coat " - without which she was unable to fly. Another version of story states that the seventh fairy's flying " feather coat " was actually taken by a mortal named Dong Yong on purpose, advised by his cattle - which happened to be an exiled fairy as well and undercover the form of a normal old bull. During the staying the maiden falls in love with Dong Yong, a poor worker who had sold himself into servitude to pay for his father's funeral. With help of the other fairies, the seventh fairy managed to weave ten pieces of brocade for Dong Yong to pay off his debt, shortening his indenture to 100 days. Before the couple can begin their life together, the Jade Emperor orders his daughters to return home, however kind enough to allow the couple reunite only once a year at the 七夕 (the 7th evening) - later known as the traditional Chinese Qixi Festival across the Milky Way.
The ancient Chinese astrologer named two of the observed far apart star 牛郎 (literally 'shepherd man') and 織女 (literally 'weaving girl') - nowadays recognized as Altair and Vega in memory of this story.

</doc>
<doc id="19939496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939496" title="Rede Internacional de Televisão">
Rede Internacional de Televisão

Rede Internacional de Televisão ("The International Network", in English) better known as RIT is a Brazilian television religious channel, owned by Igreja Internacional da Graça de Deus, led by the missionary R. R. Soares. The programming of this channel is produced all ages, and the almost of his programming are produced by itself. The content of TV is interdenominational, means that, is produced to the Protestant public in general. Their programs are varied: some children's programs, some worship, some music programs (video) and some live presentations and journalism.
In Brazil, RIT owns 8 stations, more than 170 affiliates and more than 120 million viewers in all Brazilian's states. RIT is transmitted in Brazil through systems as UHF, VHF, cable and Satellite, and is transmitted in all times of day. This channel also give transmission by his own website.
History.
RIT was founded on August, 1999. The project was a Television Channel with quality, but, there were difficulties to do it. The channel succeeded. Time to time, RIT started news programs, such as: "Movimento Jovem", "Consulta ao Doutor", "Zig Zag Show", and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19939503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939503" title="Downtown Bellevue">
Downtown Bellevue

Downtown Bellevue is the central business district of Bellevue, Washington. It comprises 400 acres bounded by I-405 to the east, NE 12th Street to the north, 100th Ave NE to the west, and Main Street to the south. It is currently the second largest city center in Washington with over 45,000 employees and 10,000 residents.
Transportation.
Downtown Bellevue is the main Eastside hub for both the local transit authority, King County Metro, and Sound Transit, the regional transit system. The Bellevue Transit Center, which serves both Metro and Sound Transit buses, is located in the heart of Downtown Bellevue and is connected to Interstate 405 by NE 6th St. with direct-access Texas-T HOV ramps. The Bellevue Transit Center will also be a stop along the East Link Light Rail Line which will open in 2021. Local buses run through Kirkland, Redmond, Issaquah, Renton, and the University District; regional buses go to Bothell, Lynnwood, Everett, Seattle, Renton, Kent, Auburn and Federal Way, among other cities. 
Bellevue Way is the main North-South arterial through downtown. NE 8th St. and NE 4th St. are the main East-West arterials through Downtown. As of June 2010, the 10th St. overpass is done, creating a third bridge over the freeway. They are currently working on the SR 520 Braided, which will ease the connections between downtown and I-405 and SR520.
Shopping.
Anchored by The Bellevue Collection and The Shops at the Bravern, downtown Bellevue is a regional shopping destination. The Bellevue Collection is a trio of mixed-use complexes of shops, offices, hotels, and condos. Bellevue Square, Lincoln Square, and Bellevue Place feature over 200 shops and restaurants, three department stores, and a 16-screen cinema.
Opened in 2009, the Bravern is a high-end complex of shops, apartments, and offices located on the eastern edge of downtown adjacent to I-405. It features the only Neiman Marcus in the Northwest.
Parks.
Downtown Park and Rose Garden is a 20 acre park located in southwest downtown Bellevue. It features a half-mile promenade flanked by shade trees along with a stepped canal, rose gardens, grassy fields, and a playground for children. Major holidays and activities are celebrated here, including the annual Symetra Family 4th of July, Summer Movie Nights, and the Magic Season Ice Arena.
Economy.
Downtown Bellevue is the headquarters for Paccar, Expedia, Eddie Bauer, Drugstore.com, Infospace, Symetra Financial and Puget Sound Energy. Although headquartered in the nearby suburb of Redmond, Microsoft is downtown Bellevue's largest employer with over 5,000 workers.
Buildings.
"Main article: List of Tallest Buildings in Bellevue"

</doc>
<doc id="19939506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939506" title="Through My Dog's Eyes">
Through My Dog's Eyes

"Through My Dog's Eyes" is the fourth studio album by the Italian avant-garde metal band Ephel Duath. The album is based around a concept thought up by guitarist and founding member Davide Tiso, in which the whole album is from the viewpoint of a dog. The album's artwork is done by Seldon Hunt, who has done artwork for bands such as Sunn O))), Isis, Neurosis, and Earth. The recording and mixing was handled by Novembre's drummer Giuseppe Orlando.
In the same announcement that proclaimed professional poker player Guillermo Gonzalez as the vocalist after Luciano George Lorusso quit the band, they also announced that the song "Breed" was listenable on their Myspace.
Track listing.
"All music and lyrics by Ephel Duath"
Recording.
Preproduction of the album was done at Fiscer-Prais Studio in Alessandria, Italy. The guitars and vocals were recorded and mixed at Outer Sound Studios in Rome beginning in July 2008. The drums were recorded by Marco Minnemann at Homebase Seacoast Studio in California before the rest of the band had even entered the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19939536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939536" title="Anna Easteden">
Anna Easteden

Anna Easteden (born 29 November 1976) is an Award Nominated Finnish American actress whose film appearances include "The House of Branching Love" (2009) and "Sideways" (2009). She is known for her performance as "Bee Sting" in "Who Wants to Be a Superhero?" season 2 (2007) on Sci Fi Channel. She co-starred in soap operas: "Passions" and "Days Of Our Lives" on NBC, the television series "Bones" on Fox and "Two and a Half Men" on CBS.
Biography.
Easteden was born in Tohmajärvi, Finland as Anna Katariina Shemeikka, the daughter of dairy farmers. She has a younger brother, Antti. Easteden was raised in Finland until her teenage years, excelling in public schools, and graduating youngest in her class.
Modeling career.
Easteden graduated from a Finnish modeling school at the age of 12 and shortly booked her first modeling job in Finland. She appeared in her first magazine cover after winning a national contest held by popular teen magazine "SinäMinä" (as Anna Shemeikka). 
Still a teenager, Anna Easteden received her first international modeling contract with a Japanese modeling agency and moved to Tokyo. In Tokyo she appeared in advertisements for companies such as: Kanebo, Sony, Nissan, Wacoal, Oricom, NEC and Lux. She was designer Akira Kimijima's house model and had an exclusive contract with a Japanese cosmetics company. Easteden also worked as a model in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, New Zealand, Slovakia, Guam and finally the United States. In the US, Anna Easteden has modeled for companies including: Avon, Salvatore Ferragamo, Calvin Klein, XOXO, Hermès, Diesel, Pony, T-Mobile, Toyo Tires, Michael Antonio, Jockey, Ashworth, Kohl's, Nissan, Victoria's Bridal, Gottschalks, Anna's Linens, PajamaGram, Rio Hotel, "Marie Claire", Chevy, Sue Wong and Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.
Acting career.
Easteden started her acting career in TV commercials in Japan, Taiwan, and the United States. In her first play she was "Sleeping Beauty" in the play "Sleeping Beauty" which premiered in Chicago, at the Downers Grove Tivoli Theatre.
Easteden is known for her performance as Super villain "Beesting" from "Who Wants to Be a Superhero?". Her other television roles include: "Two and a Half Men", "Bones", "Passions", and "Days Of Our Lives".
Easteden is the host of Wipeout in Finland, that started airing in Finland on FOX in March 2013. 
Humanitarian Work.
Easteden conducted a comparative legal research study on the different aspects of asylum procedures in selected European countries for United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Bratislava, Slovakia. Her research impacted the Slovak National Asylum Legislation, which was in the process of amendment. Easteden continued her work in Bratislava, with an international partner of The Foundation for a Civil Society (USA), where she was involved in the “Citizen Campaign “OK '98” for free and fair elections.
Personal life.
Easteden married an American baseball coach, Rob McKinley, in 2007. Easteden lives in Los Angeles'.
Interviews/Media.
Anna Easteden recently had an up close and personal interview with Louis Velazquez, host of the Ultimate Championship Wrestling Radio Show.
Awards.
In 2010, Easteden was nominated for Best Supporting Actress award at the Method Fest Independent Film Festival in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19939564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939564" title="Howard R. Johnson">
Howard R. Johnson

Howard R. Johnson (June 18, 1903 – October 8, 1944) was the commander of the U.S. Army's 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment during the Second World War.
Early career.
Howard Ravenscroft Johnson was born on June 18, 1903, in Maryland. His father was a shipbuilder in that state. Graduating from Central High School in Washington, D.C., Johnson attended the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis. Before he was scheduled to graduate, Johnson went to Texas, where he tried to become a pilot in the Army Air Corps. The instructors sent him away because of poor "side vision." Johnson stayed in the Army, however, and was stationed in the Panama Canal Zone, Fort Sill, Oklahoma, and in China, before returning to his home state of Maryland, where he would be posted at Fort Meade. Before World War II broke out, Johnson, by then advancing in rank, was driving a jeep when it flipped over, severely injuring him. After he eventually recovered, his commanders offered him the chance to command the First Special Service Force, known as the "Black Devils." Colonel Johnson didn't think that it would ever be an effective fighting force. The Black Devils went on to fight in World War II, earning recognition for its nighttime raids behind the German lines at Anzio Beach. Soon, his superiors gave him the opportunity to command another combat unit. It was called the 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment. The colonel accepted.
Commanding the 501st and Fighting in Normandy.
After the regiment endured rigorous training at Camp Toccoa and Fort Benning, Georgia, it was sent to North Carolina for military maneuvers. In January 1944, Colonel Johnson and the 501st Parachute Infantry sailed to England. By now, "Jumpy" Johnson had installed a positive attitude in them which led to a fighting spirit. The morale of the 501st stayed rather high the entire time Colonel Howard Johnson was with them and after he was gone. On D-Day, the 501st, now permanently attached to the 101st Airborne Division was assigned to seize some canal locks and demolish the bridges over the Douve River. One battalion would be in the 101st Division reserve. When the men of the 'Geronimo Regiment' parachuted into Normandy, they were widely scattered. Johnson gathered a group of his men and as platoons and companies in the regiment got back together, they annihilated a battalion of German paratroopers guarding the canal locks. The 501st Regiment, led by Colonel Johnson, had a successful mission, even though in a way that General Dwight Eisenhower's planners never imagined. The 101st Division became the First Army reserve in July 1944, so after a month of fighting, the 501st Regiment was able to rest.
Battling in Holland.
The 101st Airborne, including Colonel Johnson and his men, was ordered to seize 15 miles of highway, including several bridges, in Holland as part of the combined airborne/armored Operation Market Garden. The 501st PIR landed and organized itself. Always among his men, Johnson provided an example of leadership in the battlefield as he led his men to seize their objectives and get into good positions once a British armored corps linked up with them. Although part of Operation Market Garden failed, the 501st, led by "Jumpy" Johnson, had seized its objectives.
When the 101st Airborne Division dug in on the "Island" (a small strip of land between the Waal and Rhine Rivers), the 501st was subjected to mortar and artillery fire that killed and maimed many men. Colonel Johnson was able to keep the morale up and the regiment executed several successful patrols. On October 8, 1944, Johnson and his young executive officer, Lieutenant Colonel Julian Ewell, a West Point graduate, were visiting the front lines. Suddenly, some mortar shells hit the area. Men raced for cover and got down. Some of them were killed by the barrage. A large fragment hit the Colonel in the stomach. He fell to the ground. The medics knew that the wound was very serious, if not fatal. Two hours later, Johnson groaned, "Take care of my boys" to Colonel Ewell. Seconds later, he was dead.
Howard Ravenscroft Johnson is survived by his wife, two children, and has lived on in the history of the 101st Airborne Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19939574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939574" title="Hossu">
Hossu

A is a short staff of wood or bamboo with bundled hair (of a cow, horse, or yak) or hemp wielded by a Zen Buddhist priest. Often described as a "fly swatter" or "fly shooer", the stick is believed to protect the wielder from desire and also works as a way of ridding areas of flies without killing them. The hossu is regarded as symbolic of a Zen master's authority to teach and transmit Buddha Dharma to others, and is frequently passed from one master to the next.

</doc>
<doc id="19939581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939581" title="Max Tau">
Max Tau

Max Tau was a German-Norwegian writer, editor, and publisher.
Tau grew up in an environment characterized by what he later termed the "Jewish-German" symbiosis, in a Jewish household heavily influenced by the Jewish enlightenment. He studied literature, art history, philosophy, and psychology at universities in Berlin, Hamburg, and Kiel. He earned his doctorate at the University of Kiel, defending a dissertation on the German writer Theodor Fontane. He was noted for his contribution to promoting literary exchange between Germany and Norway, especially in the context of reconciliation after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19939608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939608" title="Alexandra railway line">
Alexandra railway line

The Alexandra Line was a short branch line in Victoria, Australia that connected with the line to Mansfield at Cathkin. The branch was closed in 1978, at the same time as the Mansfield Line. It is now preserved as part of the Goulburn River High Country Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="19939609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939609" title="Loved by Few, Hated by Many (Lil' Keke album)">
Loved by Few, Hated by Many (Lil' Keke album)

Loved by Few, Hated by Many is the twelfth solo studio album (and mainstream debut) by rapper Lil' Keke. After being delayed for more than two years, it was released on November 18, 2008.
The album includes the singles "I'm A G" featuring Birdman, "Money in the City" featuring Slim Thug, Paul Wall, and Tre Virdure, "What It's Made For," and "She Love Gangstas".

</doc>
<doc id="19939617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939617" title="Lenka">
Lenka

Lenka (born Lenka Kripac; 19 March 1978) is an Australian singer-songwriter of Czech origin, known for her song "The Show", (produced by Stuart Brawley) from her self-titled album "Lenka". Her latest song "Everything at Once" was used in the official Windows 8 TV Ad, and in the Disney Movie Rewards commercial.
Early life.
The daughter of a Czech musician father and an Australian schoolteacher mother, Lenka was raised in the Australian bush of New South Wales until age seven, when her family moved to Sydney, where she received her schooling and music training, and started to work as a musician.
Career.
Acting.
As a teenager, Lenka studied acting at the Australian Theatre For Young People, where she trained with actress Cate Blanchett. Lenka starred in the Australian ABC-TV drama series "GP" as Vesna Kapek in the 1990s. She also hosted "Cheez TV" and has guest starred in other Australian TV series, including "Home and Away", "Wild Side", "Head Start", and "Spellbinder". She appeared in Australian feature films "The Dish" and "Lost Things", as well as in theatre productions.
Music.
Decoder Ring.
As Lenka Kripac, she was a member of the Australian electronic-rock crossover band Decoder Ring for two of their albums. She then moved to California in 2007.
Solo career.
After adopting her first name as her sole artistic name, Lenka released her eponymous debut album on 24 September 2008, with "The Show" (produced by Stuart Brawley) chosen to be the first single release from the set. The album peaked at number 142 on the US "Billboard" 200. Her song, "Everything at Once" was featured for a Windows 8 ad, becoming a world wide success.
Lenka creates paper art type of stop-motion animated music videos for each of her singles with James Gulliver Hancock, a visual artist from Australia. The childlike appearance to all her music videos is done on purpose by the duo. Her vocal stylings are a juxtaposition of pop and layered, complicated influences.
She provided vocals on two tracks ("Addicted" and "Sunrise") on German artist Schiller's album "Atemlos", released in Germany on 12 March 2010.
Personal life.
Lenka is married to visual artist James Gulliver Hancock. She announced on 27 September 2011, that she was pregnant. In March 2012, she announced on Twitter that she had given birth to a boy named Quinn. She currently resides between Sydney, Australia and Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19939653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939653" title="Alfred Washington Adson">
Alfred Washington Adson

Alfred Washington Adson (1887–1951) was an American doctor.
He worked in the Mayo Clinic and the Mayo Graduate School of Medicine of the University of Minnesota at Rochester, Minnesota. He undertook pioneering neurosurgery and gave his name to a medical condition, a medical sign, a medical diagnostic manoeuvre, and medical instruments.
Biography.
Born of Norwegian immigrant parents Adson attained his BSc in 1912 at the University of Nebraska, his M.D. in 1914 from the University of Pennsylvania and MA. in 1980 from the University of Nebraska. As a fellow in surgery he entered the Mayo clinic in July 1914 where he was invited to develop a section of neurological surgery. He became a substantive member of staff on January 1, 1917. He was a First Lieutenant in the Medical Reserve Corps of the US Army in the First World War. After the war he continued to be head of the Section of Neurological surgery at the Mayo Clinic until 1946 when he was appointed to senior consultant in the same section.
Adson undertook innovative neurosurgery for the treatment of glossopharyngeal neuralgia, Raynaud’s Disease, Hirschsprung's disease and for essential hypertension.
He was a colonel in the US Army Medical Reserve Corps and a fellow of The American College of Surgeons and a member of the International Neurological Association, the Association for Research in Nervous and Mental Diseases Inc., the Society of Neurological Surgeons, the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, the Western Surgical Association, the Central Neuropsychiatric Association and the Minnesota Society of Neurology and Psychiatry.
He received in 1948 an honorary degree of Doctor of Science from the University of Nebraska and one from St Olaf College, Northfield, Minnesota.
He was president of the Society of Neurological Surgeons in 1932 and 1933, of the Minnesota State Medical Association in 1937, the Minnesota State Board of Medical Examiners in 1938 and 1943, the Minnesota Neurological Society in 1941, and of the North Central Medical Conference in 1948.
Personal life.
He married Lora G. Smith on 3, August 1911. They had three children: William W. Adson (deceased); Mary L. Adson, and Martin Adson, head of a section of surgery in the Mayo Clinic.
External links.
Image of Adson-Graefe forceps
Image of Beckman-Adson retractor

</doc>
<doc id="19939684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939684" title="T E Ranch Headquarters">
T E Ranch Headquarters

The T E Ranch Headquarters, near Cody, Wyoming, is a log ranch house that belonged to Buffalo Bill Cody. The house may have originally been built by homesteader Bob Burns prior to 1895, when Cody acquired the ranch. Cody expanded the ranch to about eight thousand acres (32 km²), using the T E brand for his thousand head of cattle.
The house faces the Shoshone River and is a little more than long by about wide. Short extensions exist on the southeast and northwest sides. With its broad, gently sloping roof, it is an archetypal ranch house. Two cupolas have been built on the roof to provide light and ventilation. The house has been renovated within without substantial loss of character. The grounds include indigenous plants that have been transplanted to the house's river-bottom surroundings, a place where they would not normally exist, but which are in keeping with the headquarters of a large ranch. An unusual feature is the collection of antlers and horns placed on the grounds.
Cody's TE Ranch was the center of his efforts to irrigate more than of semi-arid land under the Carey Act of 1894. Cody's manager was George T. Beck, who began what became known as the Shoshone Reclamation Project, which culminated in the construction of Buffalo Bill Dam. However, the project was beyond the scope of Cody's finances, and he signed the water rights to the land back to the State of Wyoming in 1904. The TE's ranch lands bordered on the Yellowstone Timberland Reserve, established in 1891, which offered summer range grazing. Cody acquired neighboring properties, then cut back as financial troubles grew. At the time of Cody's death in 1917 the TE comprised about and 500 head of cattle. By 1916 Cody was considering the use of the TE as a dude ranch, but died before carrying out his plan.
After Cody's death the ranch passed to Philadelphian Stanley Groves. Groves continued the ranching operation but also used the TE as a family retreat, building cabins and a log octagonal library/game house. After Groves' death in 1930 the property was sold to Paul Patton of Kansas City, an associate of Tom Pendergast who was forced to sell when Pendergast's political organization in Kansas City came under investigation. The next buyer was Robert W. Woodruff, then-president and later board chairman of the Coca Cola Company. The property passed from Woodruff in 1972 to another Coca Cola executive, Charles Duncan.

</doc>
<doc id="19939687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939687" title="Chanel 2.55">
Chanel 2.55

The Chanel 2.55 is a luxury leather handbag or purse manufactured by the fashion house of Chanel.
Origin.
In the 1920s, Coco Chanel became tired of having to carry her handbags in her arms and decided to design a handbag that freed up her hands. Inspired by the straps found on soldiers’ bags she added thin straps and introduced the resulting design to the market in 1929.
After her successful comeback to the fashion industry in 1954, Chanel decided to update her handbag, for the modern woman. The resulting design was called 2.55 after the date of creation, February 1955.
Features.
The bag has a number of features:
Variations.
Since its introduction, there have been several variations of the original design including different colour leather/fabric combinations, metal and interwoven leather straps and the lock, mademoiselle vs. interlocking CC.
Chanel released an exact copy of the original 2.55 in February 2005 in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the creation of the original. Though the name “Reissue 2.55” should apply only to those commemorative handbags it is now commonly used now as a name for all the handbags resembling the original 2.55.

</doc>
<doc id="19939730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939730" title="Antony Golec">
Antony Golec

Antony Golec (born 29 May 1990) is a Croatian Australian footballer who is currently contracted to A-League club Western Sydney Wanderers, as a left back or centre back.
Club career.
Sydney FC.
Golec was a member of the inaugural Sydney FC National Youth League squad in 2008/2009. On 25 October 2008, Golec made his debut for Sydney FC against Melbourne Victory. He also got his chance against Perth Glory and was praised by his coaches after the game of his great performance. He went onto make a total of 12 appearances for Sydney FC.
Adelaide United.
On 26 September 2011, it was announced that Golec had signed a one-year contract with Adelaide United. On 22 December 2011, Golec made his debut for Adelaide United coming on the 82nd Minute for Fabian Barbiero. Golec made his home debut as left back on 30 December 2011 against Wellinghton Phoenix, scoring his first A-League goal in the 61st minute, Adelaide went on to win 2-0. On 19 March 2012, it was announced Golec had signed an undisclosed contract with Adelaide United for a further two years, which will keep him in Australia until 2014.
On 8 January 2014, after three years at the club, it was announced that Golec would be going to China to explore an opportunity to play for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin. However, his transfer was blocked after failing to pass the physical examination.
Western Sydney Wanderers.
On 4 February 2014, it was announced that Adelaide United released Golec. On the same day he signed with Western Sydney Wanderers. However, since there are no spaces remaining in the club's A-League squad, Golec will only be eligible to participate in Western Sydney Wanderers's 2014 AFC Champions League campaign during the 2013–14 season.
International career.
In 2009 Golec made his international debut for the Australian national Under 20 team's in Argentina, Playing full games against Uruguay and USA and making 2 more appearances. Golec was also part of the 30 man squad in the lead up to the 2009 FIFA Under 20's World Cup in Egypt.
In 2010 Golec made is Australia Olympic football team debut under Aurelio Vidmar and Paul Okon. Playing full games against DPR Korea, (who competed in the 2010 World Cup in Africa) and the Kuwait under 23 National team.
On 19 October 2011, Golec was named in Holger Osieck and Aurelio Vidmar's joint Australia national team/Australia Olympic team Camp. On 24 February, Golec was selected to be part of the Australian U23's (Olyroos) squad for the 2012 London Olympic Qualifier matches against Uzbekistan and UAE.
Career statistics.
1 - includes AFC Champions League statistics are included in season commencing after group stages (i.e. 2011 ACL in 20011-12 A-League season etc.)
Honours.
With Sydney FC:

</doc>
<doc id="19939743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939743" title="Irina Malgina">
Irina Malgina

Irina Anatolievna Malgina (; born in Murmansk on June 8, 1973) is a retired Russian biathlete and sport coach at present.
Biography.
Irina Malgina was born in Murmansk, Soviet Union. At school she had engaged in Sambo, figure skating and skiing caused the greatest interest. The first sporting success was the victory in Apatity on the Feast of the North among schoolchild in 1980s, where she was its overall champion. In 1990, Irina passed on the leadership of coach Yevgeny Komarov, and executed the qualifying standard of the candidate for master of sports. 
In the same year she entered the Murmansk State Pedagogical University on specialty "primary school and physical education teacher". After 3 years she has been able to comply with the standard master of sports, and then in 1996 won the Championship of Russia became an international master. However, the most progress began since her move to Khanty-Mansiysk in 1997, when she first won at the 1999 European Championships in Izhevsk.
During the 2001 Winter Universiade in Zakopane, she won gold medals in the 7.5 km sprint, 10 km pursuit and 3×7.5 km relay. Later on, she succeeded in winning Continental gold medals another five times during the 2002-2005 year. At the 2006 Biathlon World Championships Irina Malgina was part of the mixed-relay that won owing to her and Nikolay Kruglov, Jr. accurate shooting at the last stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19939750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939750" title="Olga Kaljakin">
Olga Kaljakin

Olga Kaljakin (November 8, 1950 – October 6, 2008) was an American art director, graphic designer and film poster artist.
Biography.
Kaljakin began her career in advertising by joining Petersen Publishing. She later became a graphic designer and art director for Seininger Advertising, Aspect Ratio and Crew Creative. During her career, Kaljakin received numerous awards and honors for her work, much of which focused on motion picture advertising, especially for films.
Kaljakin designed and created film posters over the course of twenty-five years. She personally designed and created the film posters for "The Last Samurai", "Field of Dreams", "Moonstruck", "The Untouchables", and numerous other films and movies.
Olga Kaljakin died of emphysema on October 6, 2008, at the age of 57. Her memorial service and burial was held at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. Kaljakin was survived by her children, Tania Kaljakin Hernandez and Alexander Aquino Kaljakin, and her mother, Maria Kaljakin.

</doc>
<doc id="19939754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939754" title="Podgorica Rail Station">
Podgorica Rail Station

The Podgorica Rail Station (Montenegrin: Жељезничка станица Подгорица / "Željeznička stanica Podgorica") is a railroad station located in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The first railway station in Podgorica was built in 1927 near the "clock tower" in the "Stara Varoš" ("Old Town") part of the city, some away from the current station. The current station was built after World war 2, and upgraded gradually to its current shape and capacity up to the 1970s. 
It is the only station located in Podgorica, and serves as a hub for Railways of Montenegro. The Belgrade–Bar railway converges with the line to Nikšić and line to Shkodër at the station. The station is a through station, located on a trunk line that bisects Podgorica in a north\south direction. 
The station building itself was not planned as a permanent passenger station, but rather as an administration and control center of the Montenegrin railway system. The passenger terminal was to be built as a separate building. However, due to the lack of funds, the current building is still serving as a provisional passenger terminal. Thus, the waiting room, restaurant, ticket booths and retail facilities are of inadequate capacity, and the quality of service is inferior compared to the main stations of cities of similar size. 
There are three tracks for passenger service, served by one side platform adjacent to the terminal building, and one island platform, with a pedestrian crossing between the two. The area further from the station terminal building is occupied by the largest rail yard in Montenegro, where there are numerous service, repair, freight and other facilities used by the Montenegrin railway companies. This large area surrounding the station, coupled with the headquarters and operational services situated in the station building makes up the heart of the Montenegrin railway system.

</doc>
<doc id="19939757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939757" title="Willie Williams (defensive tackle)">
Willie Williams (defensive tackle)

Willie Williams, Jr. (born September 19, 1984) is an American football defensive tackle for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Louisville.
Williams has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, Florida Tuskers, and Omaha Nighthawks.
Early years.
Williams played high school football at Thomson High School, in Thomson, Georgia.
College career.
WIlliams played two seasons at Louisville after transferring from Georgia Military College in Milledgeville, GA. In 2007 he played in 12 games with eight starts and had 31 tackles with 8 sacks. In 2006 he played in 11 games with one start as a junior and recorded 10 tackles with 3 sacks He was part of a Georgia Military College team that posted a 9-2 record . While at Junior College he registered 35 tackles with 3.0 sacks at Georgia Military. Williams also had a stint at Hutchinson Community College in Hutchinson, Kan.
Professional career.
St. Louis Rams.
Williams was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent. He was waived on July 29, 2009.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Williams was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 1, 2009. He was waived on September 4, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19939762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939762" title="Red Star Lodge and Sawmill">
Red Star Lodge and Sawmill

The Red Star Lodge and Sawmill, also known as the Shoshone Lodge, is a dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest near the east entrance to Yellowstone National Park. Built between 1924 and 1950, the ranch includes a rustic log lodge surrounded by cabins and support buildings. What is now called the Shoshone Lodge is the most intact example of a dude ranch operation in the area.
History.
The Red Star Lodge occupies a site leased from the U.S. Forest Service near US Highway 14-16-20, about from the east entrance to Yellowstone National Park. The lodge was built by Henry Dahlem, the first sheriff of Park County, Wyoming, beginiing in 1924 and progressing by stages. The second quarter of the lodge was built in 1930, the third in 1935, and the final quarter in 1944. The lodge and other structures were built of D-shaped milled logs, produced on site at the Star Sawmill. Henry's son Harry took over management of the ranch in 1949 at a time when the Forest Service called the operation "Shoshone Lodge." Harry died in 1954, and his wife Betty managed the lodge with the help of their children Keith and Deborah. Keith Dahlem operates the nearby Sleeping Giant Ski Resort in the winter, while the Shoshone Lodge is open during the summer.
Description.
The irregularly shaped grand lodge is a two story log structure set on a stone foundation. The east half of the building is built of hand-peeled round logs, while the west portion uses D-shaped milled logs produced on site. The lodge's roof is very complex, a result of the many additions. The main lodge is surrounded by guest cabins, employee dormitories and service buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="19939766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939766" title="Midge Costanza">
Midge Costanza

Margaret Costanza (November 28, 1932 – March 23, 2010), widely known as ""Midge"", was an American Presidential advisor, social and political activist. A lifelong champion of gay and women's rights, she was known for her wit, outspoken manner and commitment to her convictions.
Early life and family.
Costanza was born to Philip Costanza and Concetta Granata Costanza on November 28, 1932 in LeRoy, New York and was raised in Rochester. Her parents were Sicilian immigrant sausage-makers. Following various clerical jobs she took after high school, Costanza became an administrative assistant for a real estate developer in Rochester, using this job to become active in several community organizations.
Political career.
Activist, councilwoman, and vice-mayor of Rochester.
Taking an interest in politics, Costanza volunteered on W. Averell Harriman's campaign for governor in 1954 and soon became the Monroe County, New York executive director of Robert F. Kennedy's Senate campaign in 1964. She served as a Democratic National Committee member from 1972 until 1977.
In 1973 she ran for an at-large seat on the Rochester city council, becoming Rochester's first councilwoman in a landslide. The recipient of the largest votes traditionally was named mayor, however the council chose a man for the post, naming Costanza vice-mayor, a largely ceremonial position with little power.
Congressional aspirations.
Costanza lost a race for the United State House of Representatives in 1974 to the popular Republican incumbent. In 1976 when Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter ran for President of the United States, Costanza served as co-chair of his New York campaign operation and gave a seconding speech for him at the Democratic National Convention (Carter had been a volunteer in Costanza's congressional campaign two years prior).
Woman in the White House.
Upon Carter's election Costanza was named Assistant to the President for Public Liaison, moving into the office next door to the Oval Office. Costanza was nicknamed "the President's window to the nation", consulting with a wide array of groups. Costanza caused controversy when she invited fourteen National Gay Task Force leaders and gay rights activists to the White House at the height of Anita Bryant's homophobic "Save Our Children" campaign.
Costanza went on to arrange discussions between the NGTF co-directors and senior officials of the administration. Public disagreements with some of the president's policies, caused controversy and saw Costanza's role in the White House diminished. As her successor Anne Wexler described it: "OPL under Costanza had functioned as an office providing responsiveness to interest groups, a form of White House case work, but had not taken enough initiative to enlist group support by building coalitions that would move the president’s program on Capitol Hill." Affirming her support for Carter, she resigned from his administration effective September 1, 1978.
Costanza had been popular with women's groups, and had earned herself a "Newsweek" cover titled "Woman in the White House". Following her resignation many feminists were angered with Carter, feeling he had "fired" Costanza, on whom much pressure was put to quit.
Career and activism after the White House.
Costanza became executive director of her friend Shirley MacLaine's "Higher Self" seminars after moving to Los Angeles and later became vice-president at Alan Landsburg Productions, where she made commercial films and advertisements. She served on many service group boards of directors, including the AIDS research organization Search Alliance and the National Gay Rights Advocates.
Moving to San Diego County, California in 1990, Costanza coached candidates for office in public speaking, serving as the coordinator for Barbara Boxer's winning United States Senate in the Year of the Woman, 1992, and as manager for Kathleen Brown's failed gubernatorial candidacy in 1994. Governor of California Gray Davis appointed Costanza as a liaison for women's groups and issues. Costanza lost that job when Gray Davis lost a recall reelection in November 2003.
Costanza became a professor at San Diego State University in 2004 and was working with the Political Science and Women's Studies departments of San Diego State and the Political Science department of the University of California, San Diego to develop the Midge Costanza Institute. The Institute is mainly aimed at inspiring young people to become active in political and social causes.
Honor.
Midge Costanza was nominated and inducted into the San Diego County Women's Hall of Fame in 2011 by Women's Museum of California, Commission on the Status of Women, University of California, San Diego Women's Center, and San Diego State University Women's Studies.
Death.
Costanza died after a long battle with cancer at Scripps Mercy Hospital in San Diego, California on March 23, 2010 at the age of 77. She is survived by her brother Anthony.
Midge Costanza was nominated and inducted into the Women's Hall of Fame in 2011 for the title of Trailblazer, meaning, women who have paved the way for other women, or were the first in their field. The annual Women's Hall of Fame induction is co-hosted by Women's Museum of California (Located in San Diego), Commission on the Status of Women, UC San Diego Women's Center, and San Diego State Women's Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19939794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939794" title="Raven's Pass">
Raven's Pass

Raven's Pass (foaled February 17, 2005 in Kentucky) is an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse most notable for being the first English-trained winner of the Grade I Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.
Background.
Raven's Pass was sired by Elusive Quality, who also sired 2004 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Smarty Jones, his dam Ascutney was by Lord At War, making him a half-brother to the Miami Mile Handicap winner Gigawatt. He was bred and raced by Stonerside Stable of Paris, Kentucky until the farm and its bloodstock were sold in September 2008 to Princess Haya Bint Al Hussein, daughter of King Hussein I of Jordan and a wife of Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who owns Darley Racing, owner of the other half-interest in the horse.
Raven's Pass was trained at Newmarket, Suffolk by John Gosden and ridden in all but two of his races by Jimmy Fortune.
Racing career.
2007: two-year-old season.
Raven's Pass began his career as an unconsidered outsider in a maiden race at Yarmouth in July, which he won at odds of 20-1, ridden by David Kinsella. Later in the same month he confirmed his ability with a five length victory over better opposition in the Listed Winkfield Stakes at Ascot. His progress continued when he stepped up to group race level for the first time and won the Group 3 Solario Stakes at Sandown by seven lengths. In his final start as a two-year-old he was sent off as second favourite for the Group One Dewhurst Stakes at Newmarket, but could only manage third place behind the juvenile champion New Approach.
2008: three-year-old season.
The first half of Raven's Pass's three-year-old career was marked by a run of notable performances, narrow defeats and the establishment of a long-running series of encounters with the Irish colt Henrythenavigator. In April he was prepared up for the first Classic by running a short-head second to the top class Twice Over in the Group III Craven Stakes at Newmarket. Three weeks later he returned to Newmarket for the Group I 2,000 Guineas. In a strong field he ran fourth- four and a half lengths behind Henrythenavigator.
The pair met again in the Group One St. James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot in June. Henrythenavigator prevailed again, but the margin was reduced to three quarters of a length. After a slightly disappointing trip to France, in which he finished runner-up to Tamayuz in the Group One Prix Jean Prat, he lined up against Henrythenavigator for the third time in the Group I Sussex Stakes at Goodwood in July. The result was the same as before, but this time the margin of victory was only a head.
In August Raven's Pass was dropped down a level and gained his first win of the year in the Group II Celebration Mile at Goodwood, before a fourth clash with Henrythenavigator in the Group I Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot. Raven's Pass managed to get the better of his rival for the first time and registered his biggest win in Europe.
The final meeting between Raven's Pass and Henrythenavigator came a month later in the Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita. In this race Fortune was replaces as the colt's jockey by Frankie Dettori. The American Champion Curlin took the lead early in the straight, but was passed by the two European colts, with Raven's Pass claiming the victory, becoming the first English-trained winner of the Classic.
Assessment.
The International Federation of Horseracing Authorities ranked Raven's Pass as the third best Thoroughbred racehorse of 2008, one pound behind the joint leaders Curlin and New Approach.
Raven's Pass was a finalist for the Eclipse Award's American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse for 2008.
Stud record.
Raven's Pass was retired to stand as a stallion at the Kildangan Stud, as part of the Darley Stud organisation. In April 2010, Raven's Pass underwent surgery for colic, causing him to miss six weeks of the breeding season. Raven's Pass had his first Group race winner on 29 September 2102 when Steeler won the Royal Lodge Stakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19939806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939806" title="2004–05 FINA Swimming World Cup">
2004–05 FINA Swimming World Cup

The 2004-2005 FINA Swimming World Cup was a series of eight (8) short-course (25m) meets, held in 8 different cities from November 2004 through February 2005.
South Africa's Ryk Neethling (male) and Sweden's Anna-Karin Kammerling (female) were named the top swimmers of the series.
Event Winners.
Note: Time listed in the heading are the series records at the start of the 2004-05 World Cup. Bettered records are marked with a "WC" following the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19939823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939823" title="Orchard Park, Cambridgeshire">
Orchard Park, Cambridgeshire

Orchard Park, previously known as Arbury Park and before that Arbury Camp, is a district and civil parish of South Cambridgeshire, England, contiguous with the city of Cambridge. Previously agricultural land, the area is currently being developed for housing.
History.
The area now called Orchard Park has been settled since at least the Bronze Age and remnants of the Iron Age ring fort, Arbury Camp, remain. The area was also occupied during the Roman occupation of Britain.
By the beginning of the 21st century the area was mostly used for agriculture before it was identified by local government for development. Building started in 2006 and was due to be completed around 2009, but had been suspended from September 2008 till June 2009 when building restarted. The development contains a number of newly built houses and flats — mixed social and private dwellings. It has been proposed that under current boundary change proposals Orchard Park should fall within Cambridge City Council's boundaries in the future.
Education.
Orchard Park Community Primary School caters for 5–11 year olds.
Nearby Cambridge Regional College offers further education.
Transport.
The area has bus and road connections to the centre of Cambridge as well as the A14 trunk road. Services on the Cambridgeshire Guided Busway began in August 2011 after a lengthy delay. The busway passes the edge of the development with two sheltered bus stops at East and West Orchard Park.
A path reducing the travelling distance for pedestrians and cyclists to Histon has been proposed, to reduce Orchard Park resident's dependency on motorised transport. The Ring Fort Path proposal would close the gap between the local hotel and school and the pedestrian crossing over the A14 to Histon.

</doc>
<doc id="19939831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939831" title="Dick Farney">
Dick Farney

Dick Farney (birthname Farnésio Dutra e Silva: born November 14, 1921; died August 4, 1987) was a Brazilian pianist, pop-composer, and "crooner" popular in the 1950s.
Dick Farney, stage name of Farnesio Dutra e Silva (Rio de Janeiro, November 14, 1921 - August 4, 1987) was a Brazilian pianist, pop-composer, and "crooner" very popular in Brazil in the late 1940s until 1970s.
He began playing piano as a child when he learned classical music with his father while his mother taught him singing.
In 1937 he debuted as a singer in "Hora Juvenil radio program at Radio Cruzeiro do Sul in Rio de Janeiro, when he performed the song Deep Purple composed by David Rose, was taken by César Ladeira to Radio Mayrink Veiga, going to present the program "Dick Farney, the Voice and Piano". He formed the group "Os Swing Maniacos", alongside with his brother Cyll Farney, on drums, and accompanied Edu da Gaita Song on recording of "Indian Song" by the Russian composer Nikolay Rimsky-Korsakov (1844–1908). From 1941 to 1944, was the crooner with the orchestra of Carlos Machado, at the Casino da Urca, at the time when gamblinge was still allowed in Brazil. In 1946 he was invited to go to the United States after meeting arranger Bill Hitchcock and pianist Eddie Duchin at the Copacabana Palace Hotel. Between 1947 and 1948 appeared on many radio programs on NBC, especially as regular singer at the "Milton Berle Show". In 1948 he appeared with success in the nightclub Vogue, in Rio de Janeiro. In 1959 he had his own TV program "Dick Farney Show", aired by TV Record - Channel 7 in São Paulo. In 1960 formed the group "Dick Farney and His Orchestra" and played in many balls. In 1965 he had the "Dick and Betty Show" at the newly opened TV Globo - Channel 4, Rio de Janeiro, presented by himself and Betty Faria.
He was owner of the nightclubs "Farney's" and "Farney's Inn", both in São Paulo. Formed a trio with Sabá oin 1971. From 1973 to 1978 he played piano and sang at the nightclub "Chez Régine" in Rio

</doc>
<doc id="19939843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939843" title="Ligia Petit">
Ligia Petit

Ligia Fernanda Petit Vargas (born October 22, 1981 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and actress who won the Miss Intercontinental 2001 contest held in Coburg, Germany on June 21, 2001. She was Miss Guárico in the Miss Venezuela 2000 pageant and won the title of "1st runner up". She now is a famous actress in her country, Venezuela.
Petit also won the 2000 Reina Sudamericana pageant (South American Queen), a beauty pageant held in Santa Cruz (Bolivia), on November 3, 2000. She won Miss Worldovision in 2001

</doc>
<doc id="19939851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939851" title="Joaquín Vicuña">
Joaquín Vicuña

José Joaquín Vicuña Larraín (1786–1857) was a Chilean politician whose selection as vice president by Congress precipitated the Chilean Civil War of 1829. He was of Basque descent.
Vicuña was from a powerful family; of his brothers, Francisco Ramón Vicuña was an influential politician, and Manuel Vicuña was Archbishop of Santiago. He is primarily known for his role in the presidential election of 1829. He ran for president, finishing fourth; but rather than appointing the runner-up (or even second runner-up) as vice president, the Congress controlled by his brother's party appointed Joaquín, precipitating a civil war.
He founded the town of Vicuña in 1821.

</doc>
<doc id="19939861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939861" title="Alexandra railway station">
Alexandra railway station

Alexandra is a former Victorian Railways station located in the town of Alexandra, on the Alexandra railway line in Victoria, Australia. The station was the terminus of the branch line from Cathkin to Alexandra along the Tallarook to Mansfield line. It was closed in November 1978.
The main weatherboard station building still remains at Alexandra Station, along with many other local railway and timber logging related buildings. The site is now the headquarters of the Alexandra Timber Tramway and Museum Inc. which maintains a short narrow gauge railway within the grounds of the station precinct. The Goulburn River High Country Rail Trail now ends at the Alexandra Timber Tramway.

</doc>
<doc id="19939870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939870" title="John Tuite">
John Tuite

John Tuite (born, 1957, in Hartford, Connecticut) is a radio sports broadcaster.
Biography.
John Tuite is a veteran announcer, known by some as “the Voice of UConn Soccer". He has been the play-by-play announcer for the University of Connecticut’s men's soccer team on WHUS 91.7 FM (www.whus.org) since 1982. He also broadcasts select UConn baseball, women's soccer, and women's basketball games. He also does PA duty for all UConn men's basketball, women's basketball and football games. Additionally, he is heard regularly on I-98.3 FM where he provides daily news updates as "Newsman John", every weekday morning on the Pete Nichols' Morning Show on WILI-FM, and also broadcasts the "Vinyl Frontier" on WILI (AM) every weekday at 11 a.m. In addition to his his sports expertise, he is a musical expert, with a PHD from the Shaboo Inn. John has broadcast dozens of legendary games, but is equally comfortable as the anchor on election night, or doing PA for lacrosse, softball, or tiddlywinks. His resume also includes many high school state finals.
Tuite is heard nationally on whus.org and wili.com/fm, and has served as the WHUS Sports Director on numerous occasions. For more than thirty years, Tuite has been broadcasting soccer, but more recently he has broadcast games on COX Sports TV, including not only soccer, but field hockey as well. He has been on-duty for nearly every game at Gampel Pavilion, XL center, Rentschler Field, Morrone Stadium and the WNBA's Sun, for many years.
He has been named Connecticut Sportscaster of the Year by the New England Associated Press. The Storrs, Connecticut, native has been
honored on several occasions by the Connecticut Associated Press for outstanding sports play-by-play. In 1993, Tuite
received the New England Collegiate Soccer Association "Media Award". He also was honored by the Associated Press for his
broadcast of the 1984 NCAA National Tournament regional match between UConn and Harvard and is a past recipient of the UConn Friends of Soccer "Recognition Award".
In 2003, Tuite and colleague Wayne Norman broadcast a Boston Red Sox game from Fenway Park on WILI 1400AM.
Tuite is a graduate of E.O. Smith High School located Storrs, Connecticut. He went on to graduate from Morehead State University in Morehead, Kentucky. He currently resides in East Hartford.

</doc>
<doc id="19939886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939886" title="Namco Warp &amp; Warp">
Namco Warp &amp; Warp

The Namco Warp & Warp was an arcade game system board and Namco's first hardware type, which was first used in 1978; the second and third games to run on it, "Bomb Bee" and "Cutie Q", were modified to support a 256-color palette.

</doc>
<doc id="19939892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939892" title="Fath Ali Khan">
Fath Ali Khan

Fath Ali Khan Qajar (1686 – 1726), was a renowned military commander during the rule of the Safavid shahs Husayn and Tahmasp II. He was killed on the orders of Nader Shah in 1726.
Fat'h Ali Khan was the son of Shah Quli Khan-e Qajar Quyunlu. He was "Ilkhani" of the Qajar tribe and Governor of Astarabad and Semnan, 1720–1726. He was killed on the orders of Nader Shah, 11 October 1726 and was buried in Mashhad.
Fath Ali Khan's son Mohammad Hassan Khan Qajar (1722–1758) was the father of Agha Mohammad Khan and Hossein Qoli Khan "Jahansouz Shah Qajar"' (father of "Baba Khan," the future Fath Ali Shah Qajar).
Genealogy.
Fat'h 'Ali Khan had two sons and a daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="19939893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939893" title="Nik family of Kelantan">
Nik family of Kelantan

The Nik Family refers to the people who have the "Nik" (Jawi: نىٔ) title in front of their names in Malaysia. The Nik family largely originated from the state of Kelantan, which is located on the east coast of the Malaysian Peninsula. As "Nik" is part of the Malay Title by inheritance, it is customary for the title to be passed on to the children of a father who has the "Nik" title. Rarely, the title is also passed on from a mother having the "Nik" title. According to the history of Kelantan, the first recognised Sultan of Kelantan, Sultan Muhammad I, was also known as "Nik Muhammadiah". The first king of Reman in Upper Pattani and Upper Perak was also known as "Tok Nik Leh".
According to Ustaz Abdullah Nakula, a well-known writer in Kelantan, the "Nik"s in Kelantan, Pattani (now part of southern Thailand) are believed to be the offspring of Nik Ali, who was an important official under the rulers of Pattani. Nik Ali was also known as "Fakih Ali Malbari" ("Fakih" meaning "learned man") and studied Islam in India. Also it is customary in Kelantan and Pattani that when a princess marries a common man, their children will bear the "Nik" title.

</doc>
<doc id="19939899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939899" title="Elsinore (band)">
Elsinore (band)

Elsinore is an indie pop/rock band from Champaign, Illinois (originally Charleston, Illinois) currently signed to Parasol Records. They have released two studio albums, one live album, and fourteen EPs.
The band recently finished recording their third full-length, PUSH/PULL, with Portland, OR producer Beau Sorenson (Death Cab for Cutie, Bob Mould, Superchunk, Sparklehorse), which will be released on October 15th, 2013 on Parasol Records. The album was recorded at Mark Rubel's Pogo Studio in Champaign, IL. The album was mastered by TW Walsh (Pedro the Lion).
In March of 2011 their song "Yes Yes Yes" was featured on the season premiere of the Fox show So You Think You Can Dance.
In August of 2011 their song "Yes Yes Yes" was used by Kohl's department store for a month-long national television ad campaign.
In February of 2012 their song "Body of Water" was used in an episode of the SyFy show Being Human.
Their song "Body of Water" was featured in the film Nate & Margaret.
In February of 2013 their song "Chemicals" was used in an episode of the NBC show Deception.

</doc>
<doc id="19939908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939908" title="Marguerite de la nuit">
Marguerite de la nuit

Marguerite de la nuit (US title: "Marguerite of the Night") is a 1955 French language motion picture fantasy drama directed by Claude Autant-Lara, and written by Ghislaine Autant-Lara (screenplay & dialogue) and Gabriel Arout (adaptation), based on novel by Pierre Dumarchais. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Yves Montand.
It tells the story of an older pedant who buys adolescence from Satan.

</doc>
<doc id="19939912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939912" title="Beau Busch">
Beau Busch

Beau Busch (born 16 March 1984) is an Australian footballer.
Club career.
Busch trialled with the Newcastle Jets during the 2008 pre-season. On 25 October 2008, Busch made his debut for Sydney FC against Melbourne Victory as a short-term injury replacement. Busch's stellar performances for the North Queensland Fury gave him cult status amongst Fury fans, with the forming of the Busch supporter group the Beau Bro's. The Beau Bro's signature chant is to the tune of the Kasabian track Vlad the Impailer with 'Beau Busch' replacing the lyrics 'get loose'. On 25 June 2011, Busch moved to Scottish club Arbroath.

</doc>
<doc id="19939916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939916" title="Sugar (Tokio album)">
Sugar (Tokio album)

Sugar is the eleventh studio album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on February 20, 2008. The album peaked at sixth place on the Oricon weekly charts and charted for six weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19939924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939924" title="David J. Skal">
David J. Skal

David J. Skal (born June 21, 1952 in Garfield Heights, Ohio) is an American cultural historian, critic, writer, and on-camera commentator known for his research and analysis of horror films and horror literature.
Early life.
Skal studied journalism at Ohio University, where he worked as a film critic and assistant editor for the college's newspaper. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1974. After graduation, he interned with the National Endowment for the Arts and became the publicity director for the Hartford Stage Company. He later held positions with the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco and the Theatre Communications Group of New York. During the 1980s, Skal completed three science fiction novels: "Scavengers" (1980), "When We Were Good" (1981), and "Antibodies" (1988).
Non-fiction writing.
Skal's first nonfiction work was 1990's "Hollywood Gothic: The Tangled Web of Dracula from Novel to Stage to Screen". This book discusses the various adaptations of Bram Stoker's 1897 novel "Dracula", and the role of the vampire archetype in popular culture. A large portion of the book describes the efforts of Stoker's widow Florence to protect the rights to her husband's work. The book also contains the first in-depth study of a Spanish-language Dracula film produced in 1931. Kathleen Quinn of the "New York Times" praised "Hollywood Gothic", writing, "Skal tracks Transylvania's most popular vampire with dry wit and the skills of a fine detective." Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "witty and comprehensive", and quipped that it was "something to gnaw on long after those trick-or-treaters are gone". Writing in 2004, David Colton of "USA Today" noted that the book had "become one of the field's essential reads" and had " the standards for horror researchers".
In 1993, Skal released his second non-fiction book, titled "The Monster Show: A Cultural History of Horror". In this book, Skal analyzes the history of horror films, drawing parallels between those films and the cultural crises of their times, such as World War I, World War II, the thalidomide controversies, and the AIDS epidemic. M.L. Lyke of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" called "The Monster Show" "the perfect intellectual primer for a Halloween weekend". Stefan Dziemianowicz of the "Washington Post" argued that some of Skal's arguments were "pretty far-fetched", but added that, as a whole, the book "offers persuasive evidence that in order to understand a culture, you must know what it fears".
Skal collaborated with Elias Savada to produce 1995's "Dark Carnival: The Secret World of Tod Browning, Hollywood's Master of the Macabre". "Dark Carnival" was the first book-length biography of Tod Browning, best known for directing "Freaks" and the 1931 version of "Dracula". Writing in the "Journal of Popular Film and Television", Martin F. Norden described it as "a compelling, in-depth examination of one of America's first cult film directors". Steven E. Alford of the "Houston Chronicle" remarked, ""Dark Carnival" succeeds in resurrecting the reputation of one of Hollywood's long-buried eccentrics."
Skal's other major publications include "V Is for Vampire: The A to Z Guide to Everything Undead" (1996), "Screams of Reason: Mad Science and Modern Culture" (1998), "" (2002), and "Claude Rains: An Actor's Voice" (2008). Skal also co-edited the 1997 Norton Critical Edition of Bram Stoker's "Dracula" and compiled the 2001 anthology "Vampires: Encounters with the Undead".
Other work.
Skal has made several appearances in television specials, such as "The 100 Scariest Movie Moments" and "The Perfect Scary Movie". He has produced DVD supplemental documentaries and/or audio commentaries for a number of films, including "Dracula" (1931), "Frankenstein" (1931), "The Invisible Man" (1932), "Freaks" (1932), "The Mummy" (1932), "Bride of Frankenstein" (1935), "The Wolf Man" (1941), "Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein" (1948), "Creature from the Black Lagoon" (1954), and "Gods and Monsters" (1998).
Skal appears in the 2008 documentary film "" in which he discusses, as an openly gay cultural critic, the cultural impact of iconic gay pornographic film star Jack Wrangler.

</doc>
<doc id="19939947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939947" title="List of Chrono Crusade chapters">
List of Chrono Crusade chapters

Written and illustrated by Daisuke Moriyama, the manga series "Chrono Crusade" spans 56 chapters, called "Acts". The first chapter premiered in the November 1998 issue "Dragon Age", where the series ran until its conclusion in the June 2004 issue. The individual chapters were published in eight "tankōbon" volumes by Kadokawa Shoten from December 1999 to September 2004.
The series was licensed for English language release in North America by ADV Manga, which released the eight volumes from May 2004 through May 2006. The series was released in English in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment. It was also licensed for regional language releases in France by Asuka, in Mexico by Grupo Editorial Vid, in Italy by Planet Manga, Germany by Carlsen Comics, and in Denmark and Sweden by Mangismo. Gonzo produced a twenty-four episode anime series based on the manga that aired in Japan on Fuji TV from November 24, 2003 until June 10, 2004 and was licensed for release in North America by ADV Films.
All eight volumes of the manga feature Rosette Christopher and Chrono on the covers.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19939988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939988" title="Elephant Head Lodge">
Elephant Head Lodge

The Elephant Head Lodge is a guest lodge on the road to, and only 12 miles from, the east entrance of Yellowstone National Park, in Shoshone National Forest. The ranch includes two main lodges surrounded by support buildings and guest cabins. Beginning in 1926, the Elephant Head was developed by Buffalo Bill Cody's niece, Josephine Thurston and her husband Harry W. Thurston. The lodge was named after a distinctive rock formation that rises above the property.

</doc>
<doc id="19939997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19939997" title="Chief Dull Knife College">
Chief Dull Knife College

Chief Dull Knife College (originally Dull Knife Memorial College) is a small, open-admission, Native American tribal community college and 1994 land grant institution.<br>Located on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation, it has a current enrollment of about 141 students. On average, more than half of its graduates move on to four-year colleges.<br> 
The College has one main building which houses administration, faculty offices, cafeteria facilities, bookstore, a learning center and sufficient classroom space to serve 300 students. Specialized laboratory facilities include a science laboratory, two computing labs, and a distance learning center and welding laboratory. In addition, separate facilities house the library, information technology, cultural center, the early childhood learning center, the adult education literacy center, the technical skills center, student activities center, student learning center, student lounge and Vocational Rehabilitation Center.
Programs.
The original curriculum of the college was directed at training students for mining jobs near the reservation. Today the college has an expanded offering of Associate degrees, certificate programs and post-secondary transfer programs. 
The programs offered include: 
Partnerships.
Chief Dull Knife College (CDKC) was chartered in 1975 by the Northern Cheyenne Tribal Council. The college is accredited by and professional memberships are maintained in the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), the American Association of Community and Junior Colleges (AACJC), and in the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.
CDKC maintains articulation agreements with institutions within the Montana University system to facilitate transfer for students. With the addition of interactive television technology at CDKC, the college has opportunities to complete advanced degrees online. 
History.
Previously known as Dull Knife Memorial College, CDKC was renamed in 2001 to emphasize the significance of Dull Knife as a chief and respected historical leader of the Northern Cheyenne people.
It was noticed that few Cheyenne who were attending colleges away from the reservation were actually graduating; many were dropping out and returning to the reservation. Theories were advanced that students were having difficulty adjusting to a culturally different environment; another that they were being subjected to racial discrimination. Cheyenne students often had family responsibilities, caring for children or elderly relatives, while the available educational institutions were located far from the reservation. Students from the tribe were not adequately prepared for rigorous academic work due to poor quality education and resources. These problems are shared by many tribes and the tribal colleges and universities movement began among American Indian educators to provide educational opportunities to Indian students that were tailored to their cultural and educational needs. Beginning with Diné College in Tsaile, Arizona in the Navajo Nation in 1968, tribal colleges were opened on many reservations.
Chartered in September 1975 under the leadership of former tribal president John Woodenlegs, Dull Knife Memorial College originally operated in army tents training students in mining, construction and forestry for development in nearby communities. In 1975 funding for permanent facilities was granted by the BIA. In 1978, it began to offer academic courses leading to Associate of Arts and Associate of Applied Science degrees, as well as vocational certificates. Associate degrees generally require two years of work over 6 semesters. It has proven difficult due to lack of funding to fully realize the cultural goals related to Cheyenne culture, but significant progress has been made. Enrollment is 85% American Indian with 90% of the students having a background of poverty.

</doc>
<doc id="19940017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940017" title="Arthur Farh">
Arthur Farh

International career.
Farh made several appearances for the full Liberia national football team, including four qualifying matches for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He played for Liberia at the 1996 African Cup of Nations finals in South Africa.
Drug smuggling arrest.
Farh acquired German citizenship while he was playing football in the country, but moved to the United Kingdom after he retired from playing. In January 2011, Farh was charged with drug smuggling after arriving at London Heathrow Airport on a flight from Sint Maarten with cocaine worth £40,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19940020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940020" title="Georges Hilaire Bousquet">
Georges Hilaire Bousquet

Georges Hilaire Bousquet (March 3, 1845 – January 15, 1937) was a French legal scholar who contributed to the development of the legal codes of the Empire of Japan.
Biography.
Bousquet was born in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France. He was a graduate of the University of Paris and was working as a lawyer for the Court of Appeals in Paris when approached by Samejima Naonobu, a Japanese diplomat recruiting foreign advisors for the government of Meiji period Japan onDecember 24, 1871. Bousquet sailed from the port of Marseilles on February 16, 1872. Aged only 26 at the time, Bousquet was assigned to work with fellow Frenchman Gustave Emile Boissonade for four years. He assisted in translation of the Napoleonic Code in the Japanese language, and in drafting much of Japan's civil code. 
Bousquet also taught at the "Meihoryo" (Law School of the Ministry of Justice). 
After his return to France, he resumed his legal career, rising to the post of Deputy Director of Criminal Justice in France, and was subsequently elected to the Council of State in July 1879. In January 1898, he became Director of the Customs Department under the French Ministry of Finance, and is noted for having reduced import taxes on Japanese "sake" into France. He was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun (2nd class) in October of the same year. 
Bousquet also wrote a book "Le Japon de Nos Jours et les Echelles de l'Extreme Orient: Ouvrage Contenant Trois Cartes" in 1877, describing his time in Japan. He died in Paris in 1937, and his grave is at the Montmartre Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19940029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940029" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in El Dorado County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in El Dorado County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in El Dorado County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19940036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940036" title="Yarck railway station">
Yarck railway station

Yarck railway station is a former railway station in Yarck, Victoria, Australia. After the station was closed in 1978, the main station building was sold and moved elsewhere. A passenger shelter in poor condition and a goods shed remain at the site of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19940039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940039" title="Tōkamachi Station">
Tōkamachi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|East Japan Railway Company
!colspan=5|Hokuetsu Express

</doc>
<doc id="19940062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940062" title="Bill Guttentag">
Bill Guttentag

Bill Guttentag is a two-time Oscar winning documentary and feature film writer-producer-director.
Career.
In 1988, Bill Guttentag won an Oscar for Best Documentary with his HBO film "You Don't Have to Die," telling the story of one boy's battle against cancer. Guttentag would receive three more Oscar nominations before winning another Oscar for his 2003 documentary "Twin Towers".
In 2007, Guttentag directed two films – "Live!", which premiered at Tribeca Film Festival, starring Eva Mendes, Andre Braugher David Krumholtz, Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Jay Hernandez; and Nanking, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival, a documentary about the Rape of Nanking during World War II.
"Nanking" was shortlisted for an Academy Award, won awards at Sundance Film Festival and other film festivals, earned Guttentag a Writers Guild of America Award nomination, and went on to become the highest grossing theatrical documentary in Chinese history. Nanking also won an Emmy Award and a George Foster Peabody award in 2009.
Live! had its American premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival and its international premiere at the Deauville Film Festival and was be distributed in the US by The Weinstein Company. Its international distribution included Lions Gate Entertainment (UK) and Pretty pictures (France).
Guttentag created and executive produced the NBC series Crime & Punishment, which ran from 2002-2004. The show, a reality television spin-off of the Law & Order franchise, followed District Attorneys in San Diego County, California.
Guttentag's first novel, "Boulevard", was published by Pegasus Books/W.W. Norton in 2010 and the paperback version was published in May, 2011. The French edition of the book will be published in 2013 by Éditions Gallimard.
Gutentag also directed "Soundtrack for a Revolution", a film about music and the Civil Rights Movement. The film features performances by John Legend, Joss Stone, The Roots, Blind Boys of Alabama, Richie Havens, Mary Mary, Anthony Hamilton and Wyclef Jean. Soundtrack for a Revolution had its international premiere at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, and its US premiere at the Tribeca Film festival. The film was released theatrically by Area 23a, and later aired on PBS. Guttentag was nominated for WGA and Producer's Guild Awards for the film, which also won awards at US and international film festivals, and was short-listed for an Academy Award.
Guttentag's most recent film, "Knife Fight", a film he directed and also wrote (with political consultant Chris Lehane), stars Rob Lowe, Jamie Chung, Julie Bowen, Carrie-Anne Moss, Eric McCormack, Jennifer Morrison, and Saffron Burrows. The film is about a Democratic political consultant and was released by IFC in January 2013. The film premiered at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival, and also had special screenings at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Guttentag's films have been selected for the Sundance Film Festival three times and have played and won awards at numerous American and international film festivals. They have also received a number of special screenings internationally and in the US, including at the White House.
Guttentag is the co-author, (with Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani) of the non-fiction book "Masters of Disaster: The Ten Commandments of Damage Control," which was published in December 2012 by Palgrave/Macmillan.
Since 2001, Guttentag has taught a class on the film and television business at the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="19940073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940073" title="JTI">
JTI

JTI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19940079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940079" title="Insook Choi">
Insook Choi

Insook Choi (born 1962, South Korea) is a Korean-American composer. She is the developer of the "Scoregraph" program.

</doc>
<doc id="19940109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940109" title="Marie Antoinette Queen of France">
Marie Antoinette Queen of France

Marie Antoinette Queen of France ( and also known as "Shadow of the Guillotine") is a French language motion picture historical drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Pierre Erlanger and Bernard Zimmer. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Richard Todd. It was nominated for the Golden Palm (Jean Delannoy) at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19940110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940110" title="James T. Archer">
James T. Archer

James Tillinghast Archer (May 15, 1819 – June 1, 1859) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Florida.
Archer was the first Secretary of State of Florida, serving from 1845 to 1848. He was Florida Attorney General in 1848. He was also a member of the 1848 Democratic National Committee, the first iteration of the Democratic National Committee. 
He served as Florida Comptroller from November 27, 1854 to January 24, 1855.
The town of Archer, Florida is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19940162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940162" title="Molesworth railway station">
Molesworth railway station

Molesworth is a former railway station in Molesworth, Victoria, Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19940164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940164" title="Blue Planet (film)">
Blue Planet (film)

Blue Planet is an IMAX film directed by Ben Burtt, and produced by the IMAX Space Technology corporation for the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum, as well as Lockheed Corporation. Filmed with the cooperation of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), it was written, edited, and narrated by Toni Myers.
Partially filmed from orbit during space shuttle missions, the film is about the planet Earth. The changes and constants are highlighted, and the film attempts to show how fragile and unique Earth is. Origins of the planet, how it has changed, what man's role in change is, and other issues are discussed. The film features footage that was filmed from space, underwater, computer animations based on satellite data, and a variety of views from the surface to illustrate the topics.

</doc>
<doc id="19940170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940170" title="East Maitland – Morpeth railway line">
East Maitland – Morpeth railway line

The East Maitland - Morpeth railway is a closed branch railway in New South Wales, Australia.
Early history.
"St Michael" was a seagoing ship that traded between New South Wales and Pacific Islands in the early 1820s. In 1826 some Sydney merchants converted the vessel into a store ship and moored it in the Hunter River at Morpeth. Goods of every description were sold and farm produce stored until taken by other ships to Sydney markets. St Michael was the only such facility at Morpeth for several years.
Commencing with the mooring of "St. Michael" storeship at the head of navigation of the Hunter River at what was then known as Green Hills, Morpeth came into being as a port for vessels of deep draught of those days. The Australasian Steam Navigation Company and the Hunter River New Steam Navigation Company had each established large efficient shed and wharfage accommodation, where cargoes brought in by teams and droghers from the upper navigable reaches of the Hunter and Paterson Rivers were loaded into ocean-going vessels. It should be kept in mind that Newcastle, at this time, had no port facilities for general cargoes, being merely a loading point for small colliers of light draught, while the road between Maitland and Newcastle, as a means of access, was practically impassable. 
The opening of the first section of railway between Newcastle and East Maitland in 1857 and its subsequent extension further up the Hunter River was watched carefully by the residents of the two Maitlands and the rural properties on the river, resulting in the commencement of an agitation for the construction of a railway linking the Northern line with Morpeth for the more ready handling of the rich local products for shipment to the Sydney and Intercolonial markets.
On the 1861 Estimates, before Parliament late in 1860, was a sum of £20,000 for the extension of the Great Northern Railway from Maitland to Morpeth. However, during the debate, the sum was disallowed and for the time being Government building of the line was in abeyance. With this postponement of Government activity in mind, a locally-formed company, styled the Maitland and Morpeth Railway Company, presented a Bill to Parliament asking for authority to build a line three-quarters of a mile longer than the proposed Government line, which was to terminate at Queen's Wharf. This proposal also did not receive the necessary Parliamentary sanction but, such was the pressure brought to bear, the Government later undertook to construct the line and compensated the company for the use of its plans and specifications. 
A contract was let to Joseph Martindale in May 1862, for the principal works of the construction of the line, at a cost of £8,846.10.1, from a junction with the Great Northern line at Pitnacree Road level crossing, East Maitland, for a distance of 2m. 52c. The public was incensed, considering they were tricked, as this meant that the railway would not extend beyond Queen's Wharf and thus completely failed to give the desired connection between the Northern line and the steamer wharves. The excuses given were that to carry the line to a high-level site in Morpeth would be too expensive and that the Australasian Steam Navigation Company refused to permit a rail connection to pass through its land to its rival, the Hunter River New Steam Navigation Company. A spur line was, however, to be taken to the waterfront at Queen's Wharf for the loading of coal into small colliers.
Construction commences.
The first sod was turned on 18 June 1862 and the work was proceeded with. Benjamin Ventors took over Martindale's cancelled contract to provide and lay the permanent way and ballast and the section was finally opened for traffic on 2 May 1864. It was opened when the New South Wales Railways had only three short lines, i.e. Sydney to Penrith, Granville to Picton and Newcastle to Singleton. 
The arrangements at Morpeth Junction on the Northern line were decidedly primitive, being merely a single connection facing North for the junction, with an engine run-round on the branch, so situated that branch engines had to foul the main line when reversing. Two narrow 250feet timber platforms served the main and branch lines in the form of a "V", with a small booking office and store, lamp and waiting rooms, placed in the apex.
There were no intermediate platforms or sidings and the terminus had a 212 feet brick platform on the Up side with a low iron building, being situated some 12 chains before reaching the site of Queen's Wharf platform of later years. There was a run-round loop, 450 feet in length, and a dead-end dock siding at the terminal end. The brickwork of the dock is still visible near the large quarry, from which the stone for the many fine buildings in the town was taken. A siding turned away towards the river bank rising on an embankment thence to trestling crossing over the extension of Steamer Street and terminating in coal staiths at the Queen's Wharf.
The local populace maintained their persistent agitation, which at length bore fruit, as the Government let a contract to William Pendall on 1 July 1867, to construct an extension of 63¾ chains, terminating at Edward Street. Opened for traffic in May 1870, the new terminal station was located centrally between George and Edward Streets and consisted of a 120 feet brick platform with stone coping, a brick station building and Station Master's residence combined, with a dock siding at the Maitland end. There was a run-round loop opposite the platform and a loop siding between Robert Street and George Street level crossings for the two shipping companies.
To serve the Maitland end of the town, a narrow platform was brought into use at the same time, immediately on the Maitland side of Northumberland Street, wedged against the face of the rock cutting some 20 feet below Swan Street and approached by a steep pathway. As this platform proved the more popular, a new brick station building was erected in 1876, on the top of the cutting at street level and connected to the platform by a steep flight of brick steps. Though abandoned some 15 years later, the building still remains as the rear portion of a residence, which was erected on the street alignment in front, and the stepway has become a drain. These steps must not be confused with the fine stone stepway on the terminal side of Northumberland Street bridge, which actually gave access between the large stone warehouse above, now flats, and a wharf on the river front, over a pedestrian level crossing, both of which have long since disappeared.
In 1877, an engine shed with water tank was erected at the dead-end of the line beyond the second Morpeth station. In 1878, a 60 feet x 27 feet brick goods shed was erected adjacent to the engine shed, with a goods siding which extended from the dock past a high timber-faced wool bank to beyond the George Street crossing. A stock race was added in 1882. In 1880, a siding was laid in to serve Bundle's Flour-Mill. In 1904, the siding was still in existence but was known as Eales’ Duckenfield siding, the large stone building having been converted into a warehouse. Both building and siding have long since vanished,
In 1878, new buildings were provided at Morpeth Junction, which had by then become the third East Maitland station and with the main line duplication in 1881, the junction arrangements there were enlarged.
The two stations, Northumberland Street and Morpeth, at opposite ends of Swan Street, were expensive to work with duplicate manning and as neither building was convenient nor adequate for public or staff, a new large brick station building was erected immediately on the Maitland side of Robert Street at Swan Street level on the site of the old Globe Inn, while a platform with brick facing was installed at the foot of steps, an awning covering portion of the platform. This became the third Morpeth station, when opened on 1 October 1889, while Northumberland Street and the second Morpeth station beyond George Street, were simultaneously closed, although trains still proceeded to the old second station for reversing. On the same date, a platform was opened at Raworth.
While the Morpeth branch was operated under Train Staff and Ticket regulations from early days, it is interesting to relate that an experimental installation of Webb and Thompson's Electric Staff was tried out on the line from 26 November 1891, for a short period.
Working of line by steam trams.
The year 1895 ushered in an economic depression and the railways of the Colony were hard hit. In an endeavour to reduce working expenses, it was decided to experiment with the use of steam tram motors and cars with railway contour wheels and a motor with trailer car, also dummy truck with dual tramway and railway couplings, were brought from Sydney for this purpose. The railway service was replaced by trams on 1 August 1895, the trams conveying goods vehicles as required. Everything proving satisfactory, this working was continued for the next 20 years.
A crossover was added near the terminus at Morpeth, giving a very short run-round for the rapid reversal of the dummy, and the crossover still remains, looking rather absurd to the casual observer.
The tram motors were under the control of the Tramway Department, but a railway fireman was required to ride on the motors on the several trips a day, run over the main Northern line between East and West Maitland. On Sundays, the service was conducted by railway suburban train and crew from Newcastle, the trams remaining resting at Morpeth. Goods trucks were conveyed by mixed trams, up to 12 being allowed with one car and 18 for special goods trams, equalling 162 tons; the grades between West Maitland and Morpeth being very light. Marshalling of mixed trams was:- motor, dummy, car, dummy, trucks, van, or if only three trucks, no van was necessary.
Reversion to railway operation.
Tramway working was abandoned as from 28 July 1915, and the engines used were the 4-4-2T-type of the M-40 (later Z-11) class with American-type cars, but tramway type working was retained insofar as the single engineman was concerned. With the retirement of the M-40 class, engines of the Z-20 class (2-6-4T) worked the line exclusively thereafter.
A waiting shed was brought into use at Queen's Wharf on 5 January 1894, the trams stopping with the car on the level crossing of Steamer Street, the platform not being added until the resumption of railway operation in 1915.
The present day Northumberland Street bridge over the Hunter River to Phoenix Park and Clarence Town was opened on 15 June 1898, and this limited navigation above that point to craft without masts. As a result, the Queen's Wharf ceased to exist and only a few broken piles mark this once busy spot.
A loop siding was opened for Baker's Brickworks on 19 May 1914, on the Up side of the line between East Maitland and Raworth, a spur siding leading across the Morpeth Road into the brickworks. It was closed on 3 July 1951.
On 26 September 1915, the East Maitland third station was closed and replaced by a fourth station nearer Sydney as part of the Waratah to East Maitland Coal Road quadruplication. The Morpeth line was therefore reversed to join the Northern line in front of the Court House, with points facing South and the branch trains were dealt with at a low level platform. The goods yard was transferred to the old third station site and the Morpeth engine was employed as necessary to shunt and transfer the goods yard traffic to and from the passenger station between trips. 
The Bowthorne Co-operative Butter Company established a large factory on the old Australasian Steam Navigation Company's site and built a siding in 1917, but the property has been sold and no rail traffic had been handled for some time.
The principal traffic handled on the Morpeth line was wool, growing from 16,564 bales in 1872 to the amazing total of 82,361 bales in 1899. In the 1920s, however, this traffic commenced to decline considerably, a large quantity being diverted to Sydney. In more recent years, the improvements to general shipping at Lee Wharf, Newcastle, and the establishment of wool stores close by, gave Morpeth a knock-out blow.
Shoaling of the lower Hunter River and the expansion of road haulage put an end to the river trade between Morpeth and Newcastle and on 1 August 1951, the Newcastle and Hunter River Steam Ship Company closed its siding with its queer truck turntable leading on to either of two sidings, at right angles to the railway, demolishing its large sheds and wharves on the river side of the line. The company's large iron sheds on the town side of the line still remain and have been leased to various firms from time to time. Prescott's have used one of these sheds as a store.
W. D. & H. O. Wills established a tobacco factory in recent years on the old Newcastle & Hunter River Company's site and used the old siding, but the works are now closed.
A trip on the line.
As there was only one man on the footplate on this branch, the locomotive always faced Newcastle so that the driver could "spot" the cars at the two intermediate short platforms on the Up side. Being worked as a "tram", a porter acted as guard and also sold tickets en route from a portable ticket rack carried with the train and collected all tickets in transit.
Vigorously whistling for the ill-famed Melbourne Street open level crossing, the train left East Maitland and rounding the 1O chain curve, followed the Morpeth Road along the edge of the finest lucerne flats in the State, the rich black soil being renewed by the periodic floods as in the case of the Nile Valley in Egypt. 
The train ambled quietly along a narrow fenced right-of-way with easy curves and grades, passing Bakers Brickworks a little over a mile out where there was once a siding, and in another three quarters of a mile passed Raworth timber platform with waiting shed on the Up side just beyond an open level crossing with cattle stops. Another three quarters of a mile and Queen's Wharf timber platform was passed with waiting shed queerly placed at ground level, between the platform ramp and the Steamer Street open crossing. The Hunter River appeared on the Down side, but all signs of the actual wharf had gone except for a few piles which could only be seen by examining the river bank closely,
Sleepy old Morpeth then came into view, quietly resting on the top of its rocky bluff parallel with the river bank, for the glory of this once thriving deep-water town had departed, and with it the bustle and movement of the port of the Hunter and Paterson basins. The railway made a quick reverse to line up with the rear of the Swan Street buildings and ran along a shelf cut out of the rock face, passing under the shore span of the large road bridge over the Hunter at Northumberland Street, Morpeth.
Morpeth terminal platform, which was situated immediately before passing over Robert Street level crossing (with gates), had an awning only, as the commodious brick station building was upstairs at the Swan Street level, some 10 feet above. The line continued some 55 chains further to the dead-end, which was uniquely situated in the engine shed, while several small tanks on a pig-sty stand provided the watering facilities for the engine. There was also a small coal stage nearby, and the occasional single truck of loco coal was the only goods traffic then conveyed. The trains continued through the yard over George Street level crossing, which also had gates, to reverse. Beyond the station officer, there were no operating employees at Morpeth, the driver on shift doing the fuelling and all necessary shed work.
All the safe working was on the primitive side, the line being operated under Staff and Ticket regulations, although it must have been a long time since a ticket was issued. A landmark covered the approach to the solitary Down home signal, which latter was operated from a single lever on the platform, the wire running along between the pegs from the lever to the ramp, on the surface of the platform itself. The only gesture towards Interlocking otherwise was a two-lever frame operating the points and catch points of the Bowthorne Butter Siding, but even then the key was kept in the office.
Demise.
With constant improvement in roads and the vehicles upon them, continued operation of such a short branch was, economically, quite unjustifiable. The river trade was long gone and its last local source of goods traffic, the butter factory, declined rapidly from mid 1952. The line closed on 31 August 1953.
Further reading.
"The Morpeth Branch" Dunn, Ian Byways of Steam 14 Eveleigh Press Matraville 1998 ISBN 0-9586724-5-8 

</doc>
<doc id="19940188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940188" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Inyo County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Inyo County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Inyo County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19940205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940205" title="Natalia Fowler">
Natalia Fowler

Natalia Fowler is a fictional character on ABC's daytime drama "All My Children". She was portrayed by Shannon Kane from October 3, 2008 to February 4, 2011 on a regular basis (on contract from May 2009 to February 2011) and appeared on an occasional basis afterward, appearing on March 28, March 31, April 1, August 26, September 13, September 19, and September 23.
Character History.
Natalia first crosses paths with Angie Hubbard in the hallway of an apartment building waiting for a friend. After a short conversation Angie gets on the elevator. She then meets up with Angie's husband, Jesse and he tells her that she shouldn't be in Pine Valley. A few days later while trying to avoid Angie and Jesse, she bumps into their son, Frankie. Natalia is in desperate need of Jesse's help but he continues telling her to get out of town because it isn't safe. When Jesse and Natalia finally meet up alone at the boathouse, it is revealed that she is his daughter. Natalia tells Jesse that her mother, Rebecca desperately needs him and Jesse ultimately calls to check on her. As a round of tornados strike the town, Natalia gets stranded at the "Comeback Bar" with the Hubbards and citizens of Pine Valley. The Comeback is destroyed and Natalia is one of those injured. Jesse tells Angie after they finally get her to the hospital that Natalia may need surgery to see if her kidneys have been damaged. Angie says that because Natalia is unconscious, they'll need to contact her relatives for consent. Jesse insist that the surgery be done immediately because Natalia is his daughter. Rebecca finally comes to town to see about her daughter and formally introduces herself to the family. Angie and Rebecca take a liking to one another while Frankie struggles with his new sister. They eventually learn that Rebecca is dying from a brain tumor and she then signs a DNR form. When Angie revives her after she collapses and puts her life support, the hospital is threatened with a lawsuit. Natalia doesn't want to, but reluctantly gives the OK to take Rebcca off life support. By some miracle, Rebecca starts breathing on her own. After a few days and when Rebecca gets back on her feet, she decides to go to San Francisco. The very next day on February 10, 2009, they learn that Rebecca has died. Randi Frankie's wife comforts her during and after her mother's illness. Angie also takes on the role of mother for Natalia.
Detective Natalia.
Always admiring her father, Natalia decides to enroll in the police academy where she meets, Brot Monroe, Frankie's fellow soldier from Iraq. Natalia becomes jealous when Brot finishes the training before her but she becomes a detective shortly after. Natalia is very anxious to get into the action while Brot paces himself and is praised for it. On October 15, 2009 she accidentally shoots Aidan Devane and Jesse advises her to take some time off. After her suspension is lifted, she is sent on her first detective case where she goes under cover as a model for Fusion Cosmetics. Though she doesn't expect to get the job, Greenlee Smythe offers her the chance to one up Erica Kane and her model, Amanda Dillon. Natalia does a nude photo shoot secretly but is appalled when one of her fellow officers hangs her snaps shots all over the police station. Jesse and Brot go on the war path until they figure out who did it. Brot punches the guy which leads to him getting suspended. Brot and Natalia eventually become much closer though she insist they will only ever be friends. Natalia is later hired as the bodyguard for Amanda when someone begins stalking her. It is discovered that Amanda's crazed mother, Janet Dillon is actually stalking her and during the reveal, Natalia gets shot.
Family.
In the summer of 2010, Angie is diagnosed with a disease that could cause her to go blind. She later finds out she is pregnant and the medication she is taking to save her eyesight could harm her child. Natalia, Frankie and Jesse have a hard time dealing when Angie decides to stop taking her medication. Meanwhile, Natalia notices that Frankie and Madison North are getting a little too close. Also Natalia is worried about Brot when he goes in for yet another surgery to fix his eyesight and she finally tells the truth, that she does care for Brot. On September 29, 2010, Natalia asks Brot out on date but he declines claiming he wanted to ask her out first. When he does, Natalia declines accusing him of being sexist.
Brot and Natalia began to date, and continued to date after Jesse warned them that dating a fellow officer was not allowed. They continued to spend time together, yet Natalia still remained distant. She told Brot she loved him but was afraid to get too close in case she lost him. Brot reassured her he loved her and would never do anything to hurt her. They became lovers. The mayor learned of their relationship and ordered Jesse to fire one of them. Brot asked to be fired, but Natalia took a detective job in Philadelphia. Brot remained on the Pine Valley police force, and they continued their relationship.
On August 26, 2011, Brot asked Natalia to marry him and she accepted.
On June 19, 2013, Natalia was one of the people who were threatened by Yuri Koslov.

</doc>
<doc id="19940208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940208" title="Yea railway station">
Yea railway station

Yea is a former railway station in Yea, Victoria, Australia. The tracks have been removed and the reserve has been turned into The Yea Railway Park consisting of the historic railway station and eleven acres of parkland. It has a picnic shelter, barbecue, toilets, playground, skatepark, walking track, community reserve and includes Rotary Park. The station building houses Blackthorn Textiles (a privately run craft shop). Also on the site are the former goods sheds which are available for hire for varied functions. The Yea Country Market is held in the park on the first Saturday of each month and local artists hold an exhibition and sale in the goods sheds each Easter.
The site is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19940211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940211" title="Kougarok River">
Kougarok River

The Kougarok (Koo-gah-rok) River is a river on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Formed by the merger of two smaller streams, the main stem is about long , flowing generally south from near Taylor Airport. It flows into the Kuzitrin River, which flows west into the Imuruk Basin, connected to the bay of Port Clarence on the Bering Sea.
Originally called the "Kugruk", the river's name was changed to avoid confusion with other rivers with the same name. The river drew gold miners in the early 1900s, though development slowed after World War II. The Nome-Taylor Highway follows the river for much of its course.

</doc>
<doc id="19940249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940249" title="Tramp (song)">
Tramp (song)

"Tramp" is a soul blues song first recorded by Lowell Fulson in 1967. It was written by Fulson and Jimmy McCracklin. The song became a hit, reaching #5 in the Billboard R&B chart and #52 in the pop Billboard Hot 100 chart. Since the original recording, "Tramp" has been recorded by several R&B and other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19940254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940254" title="Homewood railway station">
Homewood railway station

Homewood is a former railway station in Homewood, Victoria, Australia. There is no longer a station building at the site, and the tracks have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19940259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940259" title="The Vintage">
The Vintage

The Vintage is a 1957 crime drama film made by MGM, and directed by Jeffrey Hayden. The screenplay was written by Michael Blankfort, based on a novel by Ursula Keir. The film stars Pier Angeli, Mel Ferrer, John Kerr, Michèle Morgan and Theodore Bikel.
Plot.
Italian brothers Ernesto and Giancarlo Barandero are fugitives, Ernesto having accidentally killed a man. They cross the border to France and hope to find work picking grapes.
While vineyard owner Louis Morel is away, wife Leonne and young sister-in-law Lucienne make the brothers feel welcome. Louis does not offer them a job, but Ernesto and Giancarlo are given temporary shelter in a shack where Louis' elderly uncle Tonton stays. They are brought food by Lucienne, whose interest makes her intended husband Etienne extremely jealous.
A crew of Spanish pickers led by Eduardo Uribon are willing to let the brothers work with them. Yolande, the young daughter of Louis and Leonne, comes upon Ernesto carving a sculpture of her mother. He asks her not to mention it.
The police are tipped off by Etienne to check on these two strangers, Etienne wanting the brothers to be gone. Louis decides to fire them, but Eduardo's crew have taken a liking to Ernesto and Giancarlo and refuse to work without them. Louis desperately needs this year's crop, so he concedes.
A chicken thief has been active and dogs are sent out, but they attack Giancarlo, incorrectly causing Louis to accuse him of being the thief. Lucienne now loves Giancarlo and comes to his defense. When the sculpture of Leonne carved by Ernesto is found by Louis, he accuses his wife of infidelity. She slaps his face.
It is revealed Uncle Tonton has been stealing the chickens, trading them to a merchant for chocolate. Giancarlo, no longer suspected, is told by Lucienne that if they marry, her dowry would be a small vineyard nearby. Ernesto realizes that Giancarlo could be happy here, so he decides to flee alone. The police arrive, however, and when young Yolande calls out his name, Ernesto is shot. Despite his sorrow, Giancarlo hopes he and Lucienne together can begin a new life.
Music.
The score for the film was composed and conducted by David Raksin. Additional source music included guitar solos performed by actor Theodore Bikel.
Raksin's music from the film received its premiere release, in any format, on cd in 2009 on Film Score Monthly records.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $260,000 in the US and Canada and $1,020,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $1,072,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19940289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940289" title="Granite railway station">
Granite railway station

Granite was a small railway station located in Granite, Victoria, Australia on the Mansfield line.

</doc>
<doc id="19940318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940318" title="Elliot Tiber">
Elliot Tiber

Elliot Tiber, born Elliot Teichberg in 1935, is an artist and screenwriter who has written a memoir about the Woodstock Festival, held in Bethel, New York, in 1969.
Tiber's 2007 memoir "Taking Woodstock", written with Tom Monte, was adapted as a movie of the same name by Ang Lee. The film opened in the United States in August 2009. Tiber is portrayed by Demetri Martin, best known for his stand-up comedy.
Early life.
Tiber was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York to Jewish parents. His family moved to White Lake in Bethel in 1955 where they acquired a rooming house that they expanded into a motel, called the El Monaco Motel, at the intersection of New York Route 17B and New York Route 55 near the southeast shore of White Lake.
Tiber attended Brooklyn College and received a BFA from Hunter College. He was in the MFA program at Pratt Institute.
"Taking Woodstock".
In his book "Taking Woodstock", Tiber says he was present at the Stonewall Riots on June 28, 1969, and that he had a part in bringing the Woodstock Festival to Bethel, New York.
Tiber said he led a closeted life in Bethel in the early 1960s as he spent time managing his parents' El Monaco Motel, serving as President of the Bethel Chamber of Commerce, and, at the same time, participating in the gay scene in New York, where he lived.
According to "Taking Woodstock," Tiber read that Wallkill, Orange County, New York had on July 15, 1969 pulled the plug on the planned Woodstock Festival at the Mills Industrial Park northeast of Middletown, New York.
Tiber says in the book that he had a permit for the White Lake Music and Arts Festival, a planned chamber music event at his motel. He contacted Michael Lang and pitched the idea of having the festival on along the edge of White Lake by the motel.
According to " Taking Woodstock", when Lang said the motel property was too small, he introduced the producers to dairy farmer Max Yasgur, and helped facilitate the deal. 
Lang, however, says that Tiber referred him to a local real estate salesman, and that the salesman drove Lang, without Tiber, to Yasgur's farm. Sam Yasgur, son of Max Yasgur, agrees with Lang's version, and says that his mother, who is still alive, says Max did not know Tiber. Artie Kornfeld, a Woodstock organizer, has said he found out about Yasgur’s farm from his own sources.
Tiber left Bethel shortly after Woodstock and soon moved to Los Angeles, where he became a movie set designer. The motel became an Italian restaurant and was torn down in 2004. It is now marked by a clock tower welcoming people to White Lake.
Screenwriter.
His 1970s book, "Rue Haute," was a best seller in Europe, and made into a French-language film directed by his domestic partner, André Ernotte. It was Belgium's entry for the 49th Academy Awards Best Foreign Language Film in 1977. The book was released in English in the United States in 1977 under the name "High Street".
Teaching career.
He taught creative writing at New School University, fine art at Hunter College, and art design history at the New York Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19940357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940357" title="Zhu Zhen">
Zhu Zhen

Zhu Zhen (朱瑱) (October 20, 888–November 18, 923), often referred to in traditional histories as Emperor Mo of Later Liang (後梁末帝, "last emperor") and sometimes by his princely title Prince of Jun (均王), né Zhu Youzhen (朱友貞), known as Zhu Huang (朱鍠) from 913 to 915, was the emperor of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Later Liang Dynasty from 913 to 923. He was the third and last emperor of Later Liang, the first of the Five Dynasties. He ordered his general Huangfu Lin (皇甫麟) to kill him in 923 when Emperor Zhuangzong of Later Tang (Li Cunxu), the emperor of Later Liang's enemy Later Tang Dynasty to the north, was on the cusp of capturing the Later Liang capital Daliang. His death marked the end of Later Liang Dynasty, which was to be the longest among the Five Dynasties. Despite his ten-year reign being the longest of all the Five Dynasties emperors (if one does not count Li Cunxu's reign as the Prince of Jin prior to taking imperial title) sources on his era are relatively scarce, as many Later Liang records were destroyed following the Later Tang conquest of Later Liang (as Later Tang viewed Later Liang as an illegitimate regime).
Background.
Zhu Youzhen was born 888, at what was then Tang Dynasty's Bian Prefecture (汴州, in modern Kaifeng, Henan), as the fourth son of his father Zhu Quanzhong, who was then a major warlord as the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered at Bian Prefecture). His mother was Zhu Quanzhong's wife Lady Zhang, and he was her only known biological son. He was described to be handsome, not talkative, and favoring scholars. In 900, he received the title of military advisor at Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the Luoyang region).
During Emperor Taizu's reign.
In 907, Zhu Quanzhong had Tang's final emperor Emperor Ai yield the throne to him, ending Tang and starting a new Later Liang Dynasty with him as its Emperor Taizu. He created his sons princes, and Zhu Youzhen received the title of Prince of Jun. Around that time, Emperor Taizu had just established a corps of imperial guards known as the Tianxing Army (天興軍), and he made Zhu Youzhen one of the two commanders of the Tianxing Army. In 910, Emperor Taizu gave him the honorary title of acting "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies) and, in addition to command of the Tianxing Army, gave him the title of commander of forces at the eastern capital (i.e., Bian Prefecture, which by this point was known as Daliang, with Emperor Taizu having established Luoyang as capital).
During Zhu Yougui's reign.
By 912, Emperor Taizu was seriously ill. He was considered to have favored his second son — an adoptive son, not a biological one — Zhu Youwen the Prince of Bo, the most. (At that time, he had his daughters-in-law attend to him in the palace, and he often made them have sexual relations with him. He favored Zhu Youwen's wife Lady Wang the most, and partly due to that favored Zhu Youwen the most as well.) When he believed that he was near death, he sent Lady Wang to Daliang, where Zhu Youwen was serving as its defender, to summon Zhu Youwen to him. This drew anger and fear from his third son, Zhu Yougui the Prince of Ying, particularly since at that time he also issued an edict sending Zhu Yougui out of the capital to serve as the prefect of Lai Prefecture (萊州, in modern Yantai, Shandong). Zhu Yougui thus entered the palace and assassinated Emperor Taizu. Keeping Emperor Taizu's death a secret, he sent the eunuch Ding Zhaopu (丁昭溥) to Daliang, and, in Emperor Taizu's name, ordered Zhu Youzhen to kill Zhu Youwen. After Zhu Youzhen did so and Ding returned to Luoyang to inform him, he announced Emperor Taizu's death, blaming the assassination on Zhu Youwen. He then took the throne. He made Zhu Youzhen the defender of Daliang and the capital of Kaifeng Municipality (i.e., the Daliang region).
However, it was said that Zhu Yougui quickly caused the people to be discontented with him, due to his frivolous acts. Further, the rumors that he had been the one who killed Emperor Taizu were spreading in the army. Soon thereafter, Zhu Youzhen's brother-in-law (Emperor Taizu's son-in-law) Zhao Yan and cousin (Emperor Taizu's nephew) Yuan Xiangxian were secretly plotting to overthrow Zhu Yougui. Zhao informed this to Zhu Youzhen, and Zhu Youzhen agreed with the plot, and further sent his close associate Ma Shenjiao (馬慎交) to Tianxiong Circuit (天雄, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) to persuade the major general Yang Shihou the military governor of Tianxiong to join the plot, and Yang agreed. Zhu Youzhen further persuaded the elite Longxiang Army (龍驤軍) soldiers then at Daliang to join the plot as well, and then prepared to rise and attack Luoyang. However, before Zhu Youzhen could launch his own forces, Yuan and Zhao rose at Luoyang and killed Zhu Yougui. They then offered the throne to Zhu Youzhen, who accepted, but moved the capital to Daliang and took the throne there.
Reign.
Early reign.
After he took the throne, Zhu Youzhen changed his name to Zhu Huang, and later to Zhu Zhen. He sent overtures to the general Zhu Youqian, who had submitted Huguo Circuit (護國, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) to Later Liang's archrival Jin, upon Zhu Yougui's assassination of Emperor Taizu, and Zhu Youqian agreed to resubmit to Later Liang.
The return of Zhu Youqian to the Later Liang fold, however, did not change the threat against Later Liang of Jin's expanding power, which Emperor Taizu had been very concerned about prior to his death. He also had to guard against two other rival states, Qi and Wu. In 914, he stationed the general Kang Huaiying (康懷英) at Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Xi'an, Shaanxi), to guard against Qi. Meanwhile, he tried to commission his brother Zhu Youzhang (朱友璋) the Prince of Fu as the military governor of Wuning Circuit (武寧, headquartered in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu), to replace the Zhu Yougui-commissioned military governor Wang Yin (王殷). Wang, in fear, submitted to Wu. Zhu Zhen sent the generals Niu Cunjie (牛存節) and Liu Xun, and they, after repelling the Wu general Zhu Jin, captured Wuning's capital Xu Prefecture (徐州). Wang committed suicide.
In 915, Yang Shihou died. As Zhu Zhen had long been apprehensive of Yang's hold over the army, he outwardly mourned Yang but was in fact pleased. Zhao Yan and the official Shao Zan (邵贊) advocated using this opportunity to weaken Tianxiong Circuit, as it had, for most of Tang history up to this point, been a circuit that was "de facto" independent and difficult to control. Zhu Zhen agreed, and ordered that Tianxiong be divided into two circuits, with three of Tianxiong's six prefectures to belong to a new Zhaode Circuit (昭德, headquartered at Xiang Prefecture (相州), in modern Handan as well). The Tianxiong soldiers resented this division, and mutinied under the leadership of the officer Zhang Yan (張彥), holding the Later Liang-commissioned military governor He Delun (賀德倫) hostage. Zhu Zhen sent a eunuch, Fu Yi (扈異), to try to comfort the Tianxiong soldiers, but was not receptive to Zhang's request that Tianxiong's division be cancelled. Zhang thus decided to surrender the circuit to Jin. Li Cunxu shortly thereafter arrived at Tianxiong and took over control of the circuit. Intense campaigns between the Later Liang army, under Liu Xun's command, and the Jin army subsequently were waged, but the Jin army was continuously victorious over the Later Liang army, and two ambitious surprise-attack attempts by Liu and Wang Tan (王檀) on the Jin capital Taiyuan were repelled by Jin. By fall 916, nearly all of the Later Liang territory north of the Yellow River had fallen to Jin. (During the campaign, the Later Liang morale was sufficiently shaken such that there was even a mutiny against Zhu Zhen at Daliang itself, led by the officer Li Ba (李霸), during which Zhu Zhen had to personally lead guards to defend the palace gate, but the general Du Yanqiu shortly after crushed the mutineers.)
During the campaign, Zhu's wife Consort Zhang died. (Zhu had wanted to create her empress, but she continuously declined in light of the fact that he had not yet offered sacrifice to heaven and earth to solemnify his reign.) His younger brother Zhu Youjing (朱友敬) the Prince of Kang, who had long wanted to displace him, tried to use the occasion of Consort Zhang's funeral as an opportunity to rise to assassinate Zhu Zhen. The emperor, however, discovered this as the assassination was about to take place, and, after fleeing, had the imperial guards locate and kill the hidden assassins, and then executed Zhu Youjing. After this incident, it was said that Zhu only trusted Zhao, as well as Consort Zhang's brothers Zhang Handing (張漢鼎) and Zhang Hanjie (張漢傑) and cousins Zhang Hanlun (張漢倫) and Zhang Hanrong (張漢融), such that he only listened to their advice, to the exclusion of others, including the senior chancellor Jing Xiang and director of imperial governance Li Zhen, both greatly trusted by Emperor Taizu previously.
In 917, an erstwhile vassal of Later Liang's, Liu Yan the military governor of Qinghai Circuit (清海, headquartered in Guangzhou, Guangdong), declared himself emperor of a new independent state of Yue (shortly after to be renamed Han, and therefore known historically as Southern Han).
Also in 917, Liu Xun, who had for some time refused to report to Daliang after his defeats at Li Cunxu's hands, finally did go to Daliang to pay homage to Zhu. Zhu relieved him of his command as the commander of the forces against Jin, and replaced him with He Gui, who had been able to suppress a mutiny at Qing Prefecture (慶州, in modern Qingyang, Gansu) in 916. Later that year, at Zhao's suggestion, Zhu prepared a grand ceremony to sacrifice to heaven and earth at Luoyang, and departed Daliang to do so, despite the contrary advice of Jing. After he left Daliang, however, Jin forces attacked and captured the border fort of Yangliu (楊劉, in modern Liaocheng, Shandong), south of the Yellow River. When the news of Yangliu's fall arrived at Luoyang, it greatly shocked the imperial officials who were attending to Zhu at that point, and there were rumors that Jin had further captured Daliang. Zhu, in panic, and to quell such rumors, cancelled the ceremony and returned to Daliang. After this incident, Jing submitted a petition, discussing his concerns about the northern war with Jin, and offered to command the army himself; Zhu, with Zhao and the four Zhangs disagreeing, declined Jing's offer.
In 918, Li Cunxu gathered all the elite JIn troops that he could garner, and decided to launch one massive attack on Later Liang. Shortly after new year 919, he crossed the Yellow River and headed toward Daliang. He Gui intercepted him at Huliu Slope (胡柳陂, in modern Heze, Shandong). The battle was an initial major rout by the Later Liang forces over Jin forces, but a subsequent Jin counterattack led to massive Later Liang losses as well, making the battle essentially a draw, with both Later Liang and Jin suffering casualties of two-thirds of their army. For quite some time thereafter, neither side dared to attack the other. (Indeed, the Later Liang army was said to have collapsed so completely such that it took over a month for it to reorganize itself.)
Late reign.
In 920, Zhu Youqian, after his having his son Zhu Lingde (朱令德) taking over Zhongwu Circuit (忠武, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi) was initially met with anger by Zhu Zhen, rebelled against Later Liang and again submitted to Jin. Zhu Zhen sent Liu Xun to attack Zhu Youqian, but Liu was defeated by the Jin generals Li Cunshen (Li Cunxu's adoptive brother) and Li Sizhao (Li Cunxu's adoptive cousin), allowing Zhu Youqian to retain Huguo and remain in the Jin fold. (Subsequently, Zhu Zhen, suspecting Liu of having intentionally not defeating Zhu Youqian (as Liu and Zhu Youqian had children who were married to each other), poisoned Liu to death.)
In 921, Li Cunxu's major ally Wang Rong the Prince of Zhao was assassinated by his adoptive son Wang Deming, who then took over Zhao lands and changed his name back to the birth name of Zhang Wenli. Zhang initially pretended to continue to submit to Li, but fearing (correctly) that Li would act against him, secretly made overtures to both Later Liang and Khitan Empire in preparation for a campaign of resistance. Jing Xiang, pointing out that this was the prime opportunity to counterattack against Jin, argued for launching an army to aid Zhang, while Zhao Yan and the four Zhangs argued against it, reasoning that the Later Liang forces were needed to protect Later Liang's own territory. Zhu Zhen ended up not aiding Zhang Wenli, Zhang Wenli subsequently died and was succeeded by his son Zhang Chujin, who held out against Jin forces until late 922, but was eventually defeated, with Li absorbing Zhao territory into Jin. During Jin's campaign against Zhao, the new Later Liang supreme commander Dai Siyuan was able to attack Wei Prefecture (衛州, in modern Puyang, Henan) and surprise the Jin garrison there, capturing it; this allowed Later Liang to regain its foothold north of the Yellow River and greatly recover in its morale.
In 923, what appeared to be an even greater opportunity for Later Liang to counter the Jin gains occurred. After Li Sizhao died battle in the Zhao campaign in 922, his son Li Jitao seized control the circuit that he had commanded, Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi), and Li Cunxu, not willing to wage a campaign against him, commissioned him as the acting military governor, renaming it Anyi (安義, as naming taboo for Li Sizhao). However, in spring 923, Li Jitao, fearing that Li Cunxu would eventually act against him anyway, submitted his circuit to Later Liang. Zhu Zhen commissioned him as full military governor and renamed the circuit Kuangyi.
Shortly after, Li Cunxu declared himself the emperor of a new Later Tang Dynasty. Shortly after, believing that a surprise move against Later Liang was necessary to break the stalemate between the two states, he sent his adoptive brother Li Siyuan to launch a surprise attack Later Liang's Tianping Circuit (天平, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), south of the Yellow River, catching Later Liang unprepared and capturing Tianping's capital Yun Prefecture (鄆州). In fear and anger over Yun's fall, Zhu demoted Dai (who was Tianping's military governor but who was away commanding the army against Later Tang at the time) and commissioned Wang Yanzhang as the commander of the army against Later Tang instead. Wang quickly attacked and captured the border fort Desheng (德勝, in modern Puyang), intending to use it to cut off the supply line between Later Tang proper and Yun. However, his subsequent battles against Li Cunxu himself were indecisive; further, his commission caused much apprehension in the hearts of Zhao and the Zhangs, as he had long despised what he saw as their wickedness. Zhao and the Zhangs thus defamed him before Zhu, who then removed him and replaced him with Duan Ning. Meanwhile, Zhu also destroyed the Yellow River levee at Hua Prefecture (滑州, in modern Anyang, Henan), causing a flood area, believing that it would impede further Later Tang attacks.
Duan prepared an ambitious plan for a four-prong counterattack against Later Liang:
However, the Later Liang officer Kang Yanxiao, at this junction, defected to Later Tang, revealing Duan's plan to the Later Tang emperor and pointing out that the plan left the Later Liang capital Daliang defenseless, and pointing out that Wang's and Zhang Hanjie's army was the weakest of the four prongs and could easily be defeated. Li Cunxu decided to take the risky move himself, and advanced to Yun to join forces with Li Siyuan, and then engage Wang and Zhang Hanjie. He defeated them, capturing both Wang and Zhang Hanjie at Zhongdu (中都, in modern Jining, Shandong), and then headed directly toward the defenseless Daliang. With Duan's army trapped north of the Yellow River and unable to come to his rescue, Zhu saw the situation as hopeless. He ordered his general Huangfu Lin (皇甫麟) to kill him; Huangfu did, and then committed suicide himself. This thus ended Later Liang. The Song Dynasty historian Sima Guang, in his "Zizhi Tongjian", commented:
Li Cunxu had Zhu's body buried with respect, but kept his head at the imperial temple. It was not until after Later Tang itself fell that Shi Jingtang, the emperor of the succeeding Later Jin Dynasty, ordered that Zhu's head be properly buried.

</doc>
<doc id="19940364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940364" title="Houcine Anafal">
Houcine Anafal

Houcine Anafal (15 September 1952 – 22 August 2012) was a Moroccan professional footballer who played for clubs in Europe, including Stade Rennais F.C. as well as the Morocco national football team.
International career.
Anafal made several appearances for the full Morocco national football team, including qualifying matches for the 1974 FIFA World Cup and 1978 FIFA World Cup. 

</doc>
<doc id="19940367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940367" title="List of populated places in al-Suwayda Governorate">
List of populated places in al-Suwayda Governorate

As-Suwayda Governorate is one of Syria's 14 governorates (provinces). It has an area of 5,550 km². Its capital and major town is As-Suwayda.
The governorate has a population of about 346,000 inhabitants (est. 2007).
The inhabitants of the governorate are predominantly Druze with Greek orthodox minority, there is also a small Muslim community.
Most of the inhabitants live in the western parts of the governorate, in Jabal al-Druze and Leja regions. Only nomadic Bedouin tribes live in the eastern parts, which constitute a barren rocky desert.
The governorate is divided into 3 districts (manatiq): As-Suwayda District, Salkhad District and Shahba District. These are further divided into 9 sub-districts (nawahi).
There are 3 cities, 124 villages and 36 hamlets in the governorate.

</doc>
<doc id="19940383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940383" title="Ōya Stone">
Ōya Stone

Ōya stone can only be found in an area 4 kilometers to the east and west by 6 kilometers to the north and south around the town of Ōya, near Utsunomiya, but there are reserves of around 600 million tons.

</doc>
<doc id="19940389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940389" title="Merton railway station">
Merton railway station

Merton is a former railway station in Merton, Victoria, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19940393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940393" title="Natural morality">
Natural morality

Natural morality describes a form of morality that is based on how humans evolved, rather than a morality acquired from societal norms or religious teachings.
Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is central to the acceptance of a natural morality.
Darwinian morality.
Charles Darwin defends a naturalist approach to morality. In "The Descent of Man", he argues that moral behaviour has outgrown from animal tendency for empathy through evolution of morality. By comparing human and animal behavior through a naturalist approach, he concludes that moral sense is based on the species' sociability, notably altruism.
Morality from Sympathy.
Darwin suggests sympathy is at the core of sociability and is an instinctive emotion found is most social animals. The ability to recognize and act upon others' distress or danger, is a suggestive evidence of instinctive sympathy; common mutual services found among many social animals, such as hunting and travelling in groups, warning others of danger and mutually defending one another, are some examples of instinctive sympathy Darwin offers. He insists it must be sympathy that compels an individual to risk his or her own life for another from his community.
Darwin suggests further that the role of acceptance of others acts as a guide for conduct; sympathy enables to obtain approval of others instead of rejection. Social animals, when separated from the heard, cannot endure solitude and oftentimes perish. Darwin argues social animals have a natural dislike for solitude, and states: "solitary confinement is one of the severest punishments which can be inflicted."
Natural Morality for Survival.
Because of the instinctive nature of sympathy and its general recurrence among many socigal animals, Darwin deduces this emotional character must be inherited through natural selection. From a naturalist point of view, it is probable that instinctive sympathy was first developed for animals to thrive by living in society just as the pleasure of eating was first acquired to induce animals to eat. In this sense, morality is a crucial instinct for survival in social animals. As Darwin notes in "The Descent of Man",:
Instinctive altruism effectively enables individuals to guarantee survival of the group, which in turn will aid survival of the individual. In "The Descent of Man", Darwin notes:
Human Morality.
What distinguishes most mankind from animals, according to Darwin, is in fact evolution and development of morality. Mankind is a social animal, and has inherited its moral traits through the evolution of morality. As Darwin notes, the moral difference between mankind and animals, however, is "certainly one of degree and not of kind." Emotions such as remorse, regret or shame one may feel, stem from human's incessant reflection on past experiences and preoccupation with the judgement of others.
Altruism and Selfishness.
In Darwin's view, empathy lays as the foundation for our actions, as opposed to selfishness. He states that humans can generally distinguish between altruism (the "high moral rules") and selfishness (the "low moral rules"):

</doc>
<doc id="19940419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940419" title="Spectacular!">
Spectacular!

Spectacular! is a 2009 Nickelodeon musical TV-movie. It stars singer Nolan Gerard Funk, Australian singer Tammin Sursok, "Zoey 101" and "Victorious" star Victoria Justice and Simon Curtis with Matthew Bennett, Andrea Lewis, Harris Allan, Joel Ballard and Avan Jogia. Filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, it premiered February 16, 2009. The soundtrack was released on February 3, 2009, with a full webstream on MTV.com released the previous week.
"Spectacular!" attracted 3.7 million viewers during its premiere.
Plot.
As the opening credits roll, a band called Flux, apparently with no singer, starts to play at a nightclub. Among the audience is a girl named Courtney Lane (Tammin Sursok). Interspersed with the scenes of the band playing, singer Nikko Alexander (Nolan Gerard Funk) calmly walks into the club through the back, barely making his cue for "Don't Tell Me". At the end of the song, he kicks over one of the amps, destroying it for effect. After the performance, the other members of "Flux", upset by his carelessness, kick him out of the band; Nikko's girlfriend Amy (Britt Irvin), who is also in the band, dumps him. After the band members leave, Courtney frantically attempts to recruit Nikko into a show choir named ""Spectacular!"," of which she is leader. Though Nikko is skeptical and condescendingly rejects her offer, Courtney begs him to come to a carnival to see the choir perform and then make his decision.
The next day at the carnival, Nikko arrives in time to see the "Spectacular!" show choir perform "Eye of the Tiger". Afterward, the ever-anxious Courtney once again attempts to persuade Nikko, who is less than impressed by the group's performance and style, to join the show choir and help them win a national contest, even offering him half the group's earnings from the contest in exchange for his consent. Nikko declines to join the group, stating that he isn't interested in choir. Soon, another show choir named "Ta-da" performs "Things We Do for Love". The lead singers are Royce (Simon Curtis), who used to be the lead singer for "Spectacular!" but quit after breaking up with Courtney, and Tammi (Victoria Justice), Royce's new girlfriend that is a snobby, selfish girl. It is hinted she was a member of "Spectacular!" because of the number of times Courtney calls her a backstabber and that the letter I in her name stand for the "ice in her veins". Later on, Nikko meets with and performs for a famous music producer named Mr. Dickenson, who informs him that he has a shot at getting a record deal if he can raise enough money for equipment for his demo, which has to be excellent. Nikko recalls Courtney's offer of half the earnings from the contest "Spectacular!" plans to perform in, and decides to join the choir in order to get the money to pay for his demo. When he approaches the choir Courtney remembers his mockery of their carnival performance and initially refuses to let him join, but acquisces after Nikko demonstrates his talent by performing "Break My Heart" in front of the whole group, who are impressed by his vocals. When they are practicing, however, Nikko finds out that dancing for show choir is not as easy as it looks and cannot easily pick up the dance routines. Nikko, who lives with his older brother Stavros (Christopher Jacot), does not inform his brother that he has joined show choir or that he is attempting to get a record deal because he knows Stavros would not approve.
Several days later the group, dressed in hideous cowboy costumes, goes to perform at the club Nikko and his old band, "Flux", had performed at in the beginning of the movie. There Nikko runs into his old band members, leading to an awkward confrontation and a lot of mockery from "Flux". Meanwhile, "Ta-da", who are also at the club, performs their song "Lonely Love Song". Nikko discovers from the other "Spectacular!" members that Royce is Courtney's ex-boyfriend. Upon witnessing "Ta-da's" good performance and the snobby attitudes of Tammi and Royce, Nikko becomes determined to help "Spectacular!" win the upcoming competition and begins to think that the group should come up with new dance moves and new music. One day, before Courtney arrives for choir practice, Nikko encourages the other choir members to try things a different way, and performs "Your Own Way", persuading the others to join in. Though they are initially reluctant to go against Courtney's wishes, the rest of the group eventually agree that they need a new routine in order to win the competition. They later meet up at Nikko's house, unbeknown to Courtney, and Nikko begins to teach them new dance moves, stating that if they perform the song in front of Courtney she would be impressed and may agree to change the group's style. The choir assembles at Nikko's house every night to practice while still attending practices with Courtney every afternoon.
Nikko learns of "Spectacular!"s tradition of gathering for a bowling night the week before a competition. Only four members, including Nikko and Courtney, show up at the bowling alley, where they discover that Tammi and Royce are already bowling in their lane. After a brief confrontation between the two groups, Nikko persuades the others to perform a song using "Rock The World," a spoof of the real-life video game Rock Band. Random selection chooses a song called "For the First Time", which was Courtney and Royce's old duet. She and Nikko sing it, much to Royce's jealousy, and Nikko and Courtney are becoming attracted to each other. Nikko invites Courtney over to his house for a surprise, and when they get there the whole group has assembled on Nikko's rooftop, where they all perform "Your Own Way" for Courtney. Courtney, instead of being impressed, is upset, accusing Nikko to have betrayed her by practicing another routine behind her back, and then leaves.
Later that night, Nikko goes to Courtney's house to apologize and almost has a fistfight with Royce, who has come to ask Courtney to get back together with him. Courtney rejects Royce, who tauntingly tells Nikko that "Ta-Da" will beat "Spectacular!" at the competition in the "weirdest trash talk that [Nikko's] ever heard." After Royce leaves, Nikko apologizes to Courtney for taking control of the group behind her back and offers to do things her way, but Courtney admits that the group needs a change. Courtney's mother tells Nikko that he can bring some good and change to the "Spectacular!" group and that Courtney will know how far they are actually able to push the envelope to win. The two of them decide to combine their talents and perform a song that everyone can agree upon, and Mr. Romano (Greg Germann), their music teacher, suggests a song called "Something to Believe In". "Spectacular!" begins intense rehearsals and all seems well ("Just Freak"), until Mr. Dickinson pays Nikko and Stavros a visit and informs them that his boss is offering Nikko and "Flux" a record deal after an audition and will only be available on Saturday night. Knowing that "Spectacular!" is scheduled to perform at the concert on Saturday night, Nikko is torn between his commitment to the choir and his one shot at getting a record deal. He tries to inform Courtney of his decision to audition for the record deal, but cannot bring himself to do it. Meanwhile, Amy informs Stavros that Nikko has joined choir and Stavros confronts Nikko in front of the members of "Spectacular!", insisting that Niko drop out of choir and audition for the record deal instead. The other members of "Spectacular!" are upset at Nikko for bailing on them at the last minute, and Courtney feels that Nikko has betrayed her again.
Mr. Romano visits Nikko, who is having a tough time deciding what to do, at his house and reveals that he was once in a famous band as Joey Rome that could have been more successful if he hadn't flopped and broke his contract due to his fear of taking risks. Before leaving to go audition for the record deal, Courtney shows up. Nikko fears that she is mad at him for turning his back on "Spectacular!" but instead she kisses him on the cheek and wishes him luck. On concert night, "Ta-Da" performs "On The Wings Of A Dream" and earns much applause and acclaim from the audience. Meanwhile, Nikko and "Flux" perform at their audition for the record deal, but Nikko's heart is not in it and the producers notice and tell him they are not interested; Stavros says that Nikko is just warming up, and that he is better than what he is giving out. Nikko begs them to let him show where his "heart is." When it is "Spectacular!"s turn to sing "Something to Believe In" at the national competition, Nikko, much to Courtney's surprise and delight, arrives onstage right before the chorus, belting out a long note. "Flux" joins him, playing background music, and Mr. Romano reprises his dream as a rock star by playing a guitar during the song. Nikko and Courtney reconcile, and the group earns a standing ovation.
"Ta-Da" is announced as the winner of the contest and "Spectacular!" is disqualified because "Flux" were unregistered members of the act. Tammi reveals to Royce that she had only used him to win the contest and breaks up with him. Even though "Spectacular!" lost the contest, Nikko's amazing performance got him the record deal. After everyone leaves, Nikko and Courtney share a kiss. It ends with "Spectacular!", "Flux", and Mr. Romano in a studio together recording a song, suitably named "Everything Can Change", with Nikko and Courtney as the lead singers in the song.
Musical numbers.
The order of the songs on the soundtrack, and the order of musical performances in the movie are minor changes. Rather than "Eye of the Tiger" and "Things We Do For Love" being the two final performances, like on the soundtrack, they are the second and third, respectively.
Soundtrack.
On February 3, 2009, Nickelodeon released the "Spectacular!" soundtrack, featuring songs from the entire cast, including Nolan Gerard Funk and Tammin Sursok. The album, released by Nick Records, includes songs such as "Don't Tell Me" and "Everything Can Change". The album, which entered at #195 on the Billboard 200, peaked at #44 on the chart, and has sold over 352,000 copies to date.
TV screenings.
"Spectacular!" was shown on Australian TV Channel Ten on September 18, 2009; on Nickelodeon Sweden on September 19, 2009; and on Nickelodeon Southeast Asia on September 4, 2009.
DVD release.
The DVD was released on March 31, 2009, in the US, and on October 7, 2009, in Australia.
In 2008 It contains 4 behind-the-scenes featurettes, and two new music videos of "Everything Can Change" and "For the First Time".

</doc>
<doc id="19940438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940438" title="Bradley Eustace">
Bradley Eustace

Bradley Grant Eustace (12 July 1978) is an Australian composer, arranger, publisher and pianist. He works closely with modern technology, exploring the performance potential of MIDI. He is the author of several books on organ sold mainly in England and has developed software for music teachers and students from the new learner to the advanced student sitting for various music exams. Eustace created a collection entitled the Bradley Eustace Digital Music Library, which is a set of piano print music books featuring audio backing tracks in CD and SMF (Standard MIDI File) format. Many of Eustace's works are listed in the Australian Music Examinations Board, Australian and New Zealand Cultural Arts and St Cecilia School Of Music examination syllabi.
Early life and education.
Eustace was born in Cairns on 12 July 1978, the son of Robert and Rita Eustace. Eustace started electronic organ at the age of 8. At 9 years old, he started lessons on piano, clarinet and recorder. Then at 12, he started lessons on flute which then followed with lessons on bass clarinet at 14 years. He attended Trinity Beach State School which was followed by Trinity Bay State High School, Cairns. At age 15, received his first Associate diploma from the Yamaha Music Foundation, with following years receiving Associate and Licentiate diploma from the Australian Music Examinations Board, Advanced Diploma of Educational Technology, from the Australian Guild Conservatorium, Graduate Certificate of Music Technology and then Masters of Music Technology from the Newcastle University.
Music.
Eustace has arranged and composed music mostly for the piano, digital piano and digital keyboard. The Bradley Eustace Digital Music Library are a collection of seven books for beginner to advanced piano, digital piano and digital keyboard students. Each book is centered around a level of difficulty and includes original compositions and arrangements of well-known classical and traditional pieces fused into a contemporary style.
Awards.
Bradley Eustace has been nominated as the top five in the Classical/Jazz section of the 2008 National Music Oz Awards.
Selected works.
Orchestral.
"Spiritanious", Concerto for Piano and Orchestra (original work) (2006–2008) 
Piano.
"Hipno".
Five-note finger position pieces for beginner piano and keyboard student
"Ode to Hipno" - arrangement of "Ode to Joy" by Beethoven (2001)
"Jingle Blues" - arrangement of "Jingle Blues" by Traditional (2001) 
"Scarborough Fair" - arrangement Traditional (2001)
"Disco Groove" - composition exercise - original (2001)
"Mary Rap" - arrangement of "Mary Had a Little Lamb" Traditional (2001)
"Twinkle Snap" - arrangement of "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star" by Mozart (2001)
"First Time Blues" - composition exercise - original (2001)
"Fantasy On Aura Lee" - arrangement of Traditional piece (2001)
"Millennium" - original work (2001) 
"D'Groove".
Five-note finger position pieces for beginner piano and keyboard student
"La Bamba" - arrangement of Traditional piece (2002)
"Rockin' On" - original work (2002)
"Aquarium" - arrangement of "Aquarium" by Saint-Saëns (2002)
"Symphony on a Minuet" - arrangement of "Minuet in G" by Bach (2002)
"Amazing Grace" - arrangement of a piece by Newton (2002)
"Polovetzian Dance" - arrangement of a piece by Borodin (2002)
"Sad" - original work (2002)
"Pop Goes the Bop! - SOLO/DUET" - arrangement of "Pop Goes the Weasel" by Traditional (2002) 
"Barzurk".
Beginner to intermediate pieces for piano and keyboard
"Chop Rock" - arrangement of "Chop Sticks" by Traditional (2004)
"Sakura" - arrangement of traditional Japanese Folk Song (2004) 
"On Top of Old Smokey" - arrangement of traditional piece (2004)
"Motor Mania" - original work (2004) 
"Tribal Dance" - original work (2004) 
"Waltzing Matilda" - arrangement of traditional Australian song (2004) 
"Kid Adventure" - arrangement of various traditional songs (2004) 
"Amazing Grace - DUET" - arrangement of Newton (2004) 
"Fabtabulous".
Intermediate pieces for piano and keyboard
"Millennium Fanfare" - original work (2003)
"Prelude-Ave Maria" - arrangement of the two pieces by Bach (2003)
"For Elise" - arrangement of "For Elise" by Beethoven (2003)
"Tango-Rama" - arrangement of "Organ Symphony No. 3" by Saint-Saëns (2003)
"Digital Dance" - original work (2003)
"Sunshade Boogie - DUET/QUARTET" - arrangement of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Grieg (2003) 
"Fusion".
Intermediate to advanced pieces for piano and keyboard
"Prelude" - original work (2001)
"Beethoven Funky Five" - arrangement of "Symphony Number Five" by Beethoven (2001) 
"Cosmoses" - original work (2001) 
"Sunshade Boogie" - arrangement of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Grieg (2001) 
"Free Hong Kong" - original work (2001) 
"Ragazzi".
Advanced pieces for piano and keyboard
"Greensleeves" - arrangement of Traditional piece (2000)
"Tribute to Diana" - original work (2000)
"Sabre Dance" - arrangement of "Sabre Dance" by Khachaturian (2000)
"The House of the Rising Sun" - arrangement of Traditional piece (2000)
"Jumping Jack" - original work (2000) 
"Spiritus".
Advanced pieces for piano and keyboard
"The Spirit of the Flame" - original work (2002)
"X-Theme" - arrangement of "Theme" by Paganini (2002)
"Bali Spirit" - original work (2002)
"Toccata in Funk" - arrangement of "Toccata and Fugue in D minor" by Bach 

</doc>
<doc id="19940455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940455" title="Dangerous Curves (1929 film)">
Dangerous Curves (1929 film)

Dangerous Curves (1929) is an American motion picture starring Clara Bow and Richard Arlen. It was released by Paramount Pictures and was the first Hollywood film for Kay Francis.
Plot.
Pat Delaney is working in a circus as one of the female bareback riders. She is in love with Larry Lee, an arrogant trapeze artist and the circus' biggest act. He does not seem to notice her, though, as he is used to being adored by tons of women. He is in a relationship with Zara, a manipulative vamp. Larry's boss warns him about Zara, explaining that he has been incurring a lot of debts since he began dating her and that his act is no longer as powerful as in the past. One day, Pat and Larry get acquainted and she intimates that she has feelings about him and that they should do an act together. Although he makes clear that his heart belongs to someone else, he convinces the circus manager to give Pat a try on the wire.
Later that day, Pat catches Zara having a date with another man, Tony. When she tells Larry about the affair, he madly confronts Zara and threatens to beat up Tony. He is interrupted by the notion that he has to perform, but he is unable to concentrate and falls off the tight-rope. He is taken to the hospital and soon recovers, but then goes missing from the circus. He refuses to come back and spends his time getting drunk instead. When he finds out that Zara and Tony have left the circus and are now struggling to get work, he sympathizes with them. Upon finding out that he is not planning on returning to the circus, Pat is determined to convince him to do otherwise. Together they form an act, but it soon becomes clear that Larry has lost his talent.
Pat has trouble breaking through his distant behavior, but she convinces him to teach her how to walk a tight-rope. During this progress, he finds his talent again and urges Zara to come back to work on the greatest tight-rope act in history. When Pat finds out, she feels used and confronts Larry with an outburst before leaving in tears. The circus manager tries to comfort her and offers her her own wire act. Meanwhile, Larry is left behind by Zara, who turns out to have married Tony. On the night of her premiere, a drunken Larry tells Pat about his failure. As she tries to comfort him, she misses her premiere and is fired. Larry has collapsed in the meanwhile and Pat decides to pose as him on stage. When Larry awakens, he shows his gratitude and kisses her.

</doc>
<doc id="19940465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940465" title="Carnock">
Carnock

Carnock is a village located in Fife, Scotland, approximately northwest of Dunfermline and 1 mile east of Oakley, Fife. The village is said to be named for St. Cearnock, a disciple of St. Ninian. Alternatively the form may derive from "Caer-cnoc", the meaning of "Caer" to be a fort or castle and "cnoc" which is known to mean an isolated hill (see History of Dunfermline). Carnock is known to have had military significance in antiquity.
Notable places.
On the Main Street of Carnock lies a Parish church which was built in 1840, though in the nearby kirkyard lies the remains of the original 12th church which was rebuilt in 1602.
Nextdoor to the church is Carnock Primary School, this school serves both Carnock and Gowkhall. The school was built in 1864 with an extension added in 1912 and another in 2007. The main building consists of 4 classrooms and a medway hut used for various purposes.
On Main Street is The Old Inn, inside there is restaurant and bar. Facilities are available for playing Pool or Darts. The pub is often used for parties or celebrations by schools or the locals. Next door is the village Post Office, although this is currently closed and may not re-open.
The village also boasts a Community Centre built in 2005 and available for hire via Fife council.
History.
In 1774 upon Carneil hill, near Carnock, several urns containing Roman coinage were discovered. It is believed that the local inhabitants, the Horestii, unsuccessfully defended this location against the Roman general Gnaeus Julius Agricola. the local names Easter Camps and Wester Camps are suspected to originate from this time.
Another native fort location is located at the nearby Craigluscar only 2 miles away. Subsequent Roman encampments are suspected 3 miles east of Dunfermline and a large camp at Loch Ore.
The Church in Carnock was held from 1592–1645 by the ecclesiastical historian John Row. Latterly the parish was overseen by Thomas Gillespie from 1741–1752. Thomas Gillespie was founder of the Relief Synod which was latterly incorporated into the United Presbyterian Church.
Transport.
The village has two bus stops.
Services run from Dunfermline bus station serving Gowkhall, Oakley and Saline, Fife.

</doc>
<doc id="19940469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940469" title="Leslie T. Chang">
Leslie T. Chang

Leslie T. Chang () is a Chinese-American journalist and the author of "Factory Girls: From Village to City in a Changing China" (2008). A former China correspondent for the "Wall Street Journal", she has been described as "an insightful interpreter of a society in flux."
"Factory Girls".
In response to the negative press surrounding working conditions in Chinese factories, Chang decided to explore the subject from the perspective of the workers. In 2004 she traveled to the South Central China factory city of Dongguan to document the lives of Wu Chunming and Lu Qingmin, two migrant workers who were born to poor farming families. The book follows their lives over three years and also includes the author's own family history of migration within China and to the West.
"Factory Girls" was named one of the "New York Times" 100 Notable Books of 2008 and also received the 2009 PEN USA Literary Award for Research Nonfiction and the Asian American Literary Award for nonfiction. According to Chang's website, translations are forthcoming in French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Finnish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Arabic.
Personal.
Leslie Chang is the daughter of physicist Leroy Chang. She graduated from Harvard College in 1991. Her husband is author Peter Hessler.

</doc>
<doc id="19940473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940473" title="Asus Eee Stick">
Asus Eee Stick

The Eee Stick is an accessory that is expected to be bundled with specific models of the Eee PC and Eee Box. These specific models will also come with games that will take advantage of the features of this hardware. This accessory is very similar to Nintendo's Nunchuk attachment. The device takes two AA batteries in each of the two components (four batteries in total).
There is as yet no indication of a specific release date.

</doc>
<doc id="19940489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940489" title="Woodfield railway station">
Woodfield railway station

Woodfield is a former railway station in Woodfield, Victoria, Australia. There is no longer a station building at the site of the station.
A Goods yard also once existed, and was used to load and unload grain trains.

</doc>
<doc id="19940497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940497" title="Isaiah Ross (American football)">
Isaiah Ross (American football)

Isaiah Ross (born November 6, 1981 in Elk Grove, California) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Nevada.
Ross has also been a member of the Nashville Kats, New Orleans VooDoo, New Orleans Saints, Minnesota Vikings, Washington Redskins and California Redwoods.

</doc>
<doc id="19940506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940506" title="Brave New Films">
Brave New Films

Brave New Films is a new media company based in Culver City, California. The brainchild of filmmaker Robert Greenwald, BNF produces progressive feature-length documentaries and investigative videos “to educate, influence and empower viewers to take action around issues that matter.” 
History.
In 2001, Robert Greenwald was a respected film producer and director with nearly three decades of socially conscious television and theatrical credits. After September 11, he decided to turn his efforts to documentary filmmaking. He teamed up with Richard Ray Perez and Joan Sekler to create his first nonfiction film, "" (2002), about the controversial poll results from Florida.
"Unprecedented" was shown in theaters around the country, on cable TV, and made the round of film festivals, bringing home 11 awards. But Greenwald saw opportunities for higher viewership with experimental marketing models. He teamed with former dot-com exec Jim Gilliam to create a distribution model for his next short documentary – "" (2004). "Uncovered", about the government and media push for the invasion of Iraq in 2003, was distributed through the websites of influential partner organizations such as MoveOn.org, the Nation and the Center for American Progress. The multi-organizational partnership model would become a keystone of Greenwald’s filmmaking approach.
The new strategy was successful beyond Greenwald’s expectations. The first two days "Unprecedented" was available, more than 23,000 people requested copies. MoveOn sponsored thousands of “house parties” across the country where people could gather and watch the film. Greenwald made sure that every US Senator and Congressperson was invited to a screening.
Going forward, he and Gilliam tried new approaches to traditional production models as well. "Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch’s War on Journalism" (2004) took on Fox News, claiming that they have a pervasive Republican bias. "Outfoxed" used extensive clips from Fox News under the doctrine of fair use, which allows limited use of copyrighted material for parody or criticism. Turning standard documentary wisdom on its head, Greenwald also used his future audience as active members of his production team by inviting them to work as production researchers.
After "Outfoxed" “put Greenwald on the mainstream documentary map,” he officially registered Brave New Films as a 501(c)4 charity. The new nonprofit went on to produce "" (2005), using BNF’s freshly minted distribution model. In keeping with a developing philosophy of including the audience as active participants in the process, BNF invited 1500 volunteers across the country to shoot footage of their local Walmarts for the film. They also tried a new model for funding their documentary films. An email request for donations to make the movie drew $267,892 in 2 days, in 2004 – 2 years before the word crowdfunding was coined 
and 5 years before Kickstarter launched.
BNF continued to explore new options for distribution with "" (2006). In order to facilitate arranging the house party screenings that had become a hallmark of BNF, Gilliam invented Brave New Theatres, described as a mashup between “My-Space, and Evite and Moviefone.” 
BNF was growing and changing in parallel with the social media explosion on the Internet. New sites like Youtube, Facebook and Hulu had profound impact on their evolving production and distribution models. BNF started a Youtube channel which they populated with hundreds of short viral videos about a variety of progressive issues, including criticism of Fox News; military policy on LGBT servicemen and women; "Power Without Petroleum"; and much more. At the same time, BNF was developing their multimedia approach to include blogs, websites, petitions, Facebook pages and Twitter accounts with millions of followers.
In 2008, BNF took on presidential candidate John McCain with "The Real McCain" series of short videos. McCain found himself forced to respond to embarrassing questions about how many homes he owned – a serious issue amidst a historic housing crisis – as well as his spiritual leaders and his health,
among other topics. The New York Times wrote, “Mr. Greenwald shows how technology has dispersed the power to shape campaign narratives, potentially upending the way American presidential campaigns are fought.” 
Greenwald and BNF returned to long-form documentary with "Rethink Afghanistan" (2009). However, there was a twist: in order to address a fast-changing topic in a timely way, the film was released in six on-line segments, in “real time” over 2008 and 2009.
In 2010, BNF launched one of its most successful multimedia campaigns, "Cuentame", which addresses Latino issues, worker rights and immigration reform. "Beyond Bars" is another touchstone campaign, that works on the issue of mass incarceration in the US. The "Koch Brothers Exposed" (2012) film and campaign built awareness of the right-wing billionaires’ influence on US government and industry. Under the umbrella of another campaign, "War Costs", BNF produced two full length films, "War on Whistleblowers" (2013) and "" (2013). For "Unmanned", BNF brought drone strike survivors to Washington, and for the first time, congresspeople heard eyewitness testimony by from civilians on the ground in Pakistan.
Impact.
Brave New Films is notable for both its innovations in documentary production and distribution models; and for the practical impact of its films and campaigns. Its first films “demonstrated to the rest of us filmmakers that there was a new way of marketing a documentary.” “By employing distribution strategies based on the Internet and the Internet’s ability to support ‘user generated content,’ to bring his films to mass audiences, Greenwald became arguably, the most influential political documentary maker working in the U.S. and a political entrepreneur with national reach.” 
The full length documentaries, short subjects and viral videos produced by Brave New Films have been seen tens of millions of times, across the globe, “which in many cases, amped up debate, raised consciousness, and produced some of the change we have been waiting for.” Its work has been covered by mainstream media including New York Times, The Chicago Tribune, The Washington Post, CNN, MSNBC, Time magazine, and The Huffington Post, among others, with a worldwide media reach of billions.
Brave New Films’ work “challenge(s) the political discourses of some of the most powerful figures and institutions in U.S. society, including a sitting president and his administration.” Examples of such impact include:
The Walmart film forced the largest company in the world to curtail its expansionism. Iraq for Sale and Unmanned both triggered congressional hearings, and have been influential in changing public discourse about the U.S. war efforts.
Brave New Films has earned the ire of political conservatives, who have called the films “agitation and propaganda.” But even critics admit “The way edits and posts his videos online and urges his viewers to take action is innovative and creative.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19940527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940527" title="Girls for the Summer">
Girls for the Summer

Girls for the Summer ( or US title: "Love on the Riviera") is a 1958 Italian romantic comedy drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini, based on story by Alberto Moravia. The film stars Alberto Sordi, Michèle Morgan, Marcello Mastroianni, Sylva Koscina, Gabriele Ferzetti, Dorian Gray, Franca Marzi, Franco Fabrizi and Jorge Mistral. 
It tells the five romantic and funny stories in the Tigullio Gulf (Liguria, Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="19940536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940536" title="Bushton, Illinois">
Bushton, Illinois

Bushton is an unincorporated community in Morgan Township, Coles County, Illinois, United States. 
Geography.
Bushton is located at at an elevation of 668 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="19940541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940541" title="Maindample railway station">
Maindample railway station

Maindample is a former railway station in Maindample, Victoria, Australia. The tracks have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19940563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940563" title="Muay Lao">
Muay Lao

Muay Lao is a traditional unarmed martial art from Laos. It is similar to Muay Thai in Thailand and Pradal Serey in Cambodia. It incorporates punches, kicks, elbows and knee strikes. Muay Lao was an event at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games in Vientiane.

</doc>
<doc id="19940565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940565" title="Fairgrange, Illinois">
Fairgrange, Illinois

Fairgrange is an unincorporated town in Seven Hickory Township, Coles County, Illinois, USA. 
Geography.
Fairgrange is located at at an elevation of 679 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="19940567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940567" title="Mansfield railway station, Victoria">
Mansfield railway station, Victoria

Mansfield is a former railway station in Mansfield, Victoria, Australia. The former station building now serves tourists to the community as a visitor centre. 
The station is of a traditional timber design, and features many original fixtures including pressed metal interior walls, original doors and timber panelling and a full length signal bay window. Original light fittings are also in place inside the station building.
Additional structures on site include a large goods shed, bearing a warning notice "DANGER - UNSTABLE STRUCTURE - DO NOT ENTER". A crane is also located in what was the goods yard on the Mansfield goods platform.
The station is the terminus of the former Melbourne - Yea - Mansfield Line. The Mansfield train service ran its last service in 1978, with a Walker Rail Motor on stretches of track that in parts had 15 mph speed srestrictions due to lack of track maintenance by the then state government owned Victorian Railways. Goods and freight services continued on the line until six months later, when they were also discontinued.
The rail was dismantled ten years later, and part of the former rail reserve has been used in road and highway re-alignments. A length of original broad-gauge railway line of around 2 km remains from just off the Mansfield station platform, supporting a crushed gravel walking and bicycle path. There is no anticipated return of rail services to Mansfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19940583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940583" title="Rardin, Illinois">
Rardin, Illinois

Rardin is an unincorporated town in Morgan Township, Coles County, Illinois, USA. 
Geography.
Rardin is located at at an elevation of 669 feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19940594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940594" title="March 1983 South Florida tornadoes">
March 1983 South Florida tornadoes

The March 1983 South Florida tornadoes were a significant severe weather event that affected the southern Florida peninsula, including the Miami metropolitan area, on March 17, 1983. A total of at least two tornadoes affected the region; though as many as 17 were reported, only two were confirmed in the official National Weather Service records. The strongest tornado produced F2 damage on the Fujita scale and skipped across the Everglades region from the eastern Big Cypress National Preserve through the Everglades and Francis S. Taylor Wildlife Management Area to Lighthouse Point—a path length of nearly . An F1 tornado also affected Naples and Golden Gate. Additionally, unconfirmed tornadoes affected an RV park southeast of East Naples, as well as the Stuart and Jupiter areas, respectively. In addition to tornadoes, severe thunderstorms produced hail to in diameter, as well as rainfall totals of in some areas.
Meteorological synopsis.
On Thursday, March 17, a large and intense surface low pressure area over the Gulf of Mexico produced gale-force winds over the southern Florida peninsula. Above the surface, a strong low-level jet stream coupled with a large negative geopotential height—with heights measuring more than five standard deviations below normal—produced sufficient lifting and wind shear, both conditions conducive to severe weather. Due to the favorable conditions for severe weather, the National Weather Service office in Miami issued a tornado watch for South Florida effective the morning of March 17. The watch was canceled at 9:30 a.m. EST, but then was reissued and extended to 5:00 p.m. as more storms formed over the Everglades. Forecasters expected the low pressure area in the Gulf of Mexico to bring a cold front across Florida on Friday, March 18.
Tornadoes.
Unconfirmed tornadoes.
Three unconfirmed tornadoes were reported, two of them in Martin County.
Notable tornadoes.
Everglades to Lighthouse Point.
The second tornado of the day was a long-tracked tornado that was probably a family of up to five tornadoes. The tornado, or the first member of its family, touched down near Trailtown at about 7:49 a.m., though it may have formed farther southwest in the Everglades, as one person reportedly sighted a tornado as early as 7:30 a.m. Upon touching down, the tornado damaged two bungalows owned by Seminole Indians. One trailer was destroyed, and a service station lost its roof when the tornado crossed Tamiami Trail, about east of Ochopee. Phone service was disrupted at the service station, where losses were estimated near $30,000. Two vehicles, one of which was a refueling van, were overturned, injuring two people. Additionally, electrical wires were damaged and a dumpster was thrown .
The tornado moved moved northeast at across the Everglades, entering northwest Dade County and then southwest Broward County. Subsequently, the tornado struck the communities of Sunrise, Lauderhill, North Lauderdale, Margate, Pompano Beach, and Lighthouse Point. It first hit several homes and a recreation center in Sunrise, causing extensive damage. As it moved through Sunrise, the tornado downed power poles, wires, screen enclosures, trees, and mailboxes. Doors at the Sunrise city hall were blown open, allowing debris inside that covered the first floor of the building. Damage was widespread throughout the city, particularly along and near Oakland Park Boulevard. At least three funnel clouds were reported in Sunrise, and at least one tornado touchdown was alleged. Windows were broken in hundreds of homes, while trees and power lines were prostrated. The mayor of the town of Sunrise, John Lomelo, declared a state of emergency in the town at 8:15 a.m., upon hearing of damage to city hall and across the city. Next, the tornado blew a porch from a home in Lauderhill. In North Lauderdale, the tornado damaged 30 to 40 homes in a four-block area, blowing awnings loose and uprooting trees. In Margate, the tornado affected the 600 and 700 blocks along SW 51st Avenue. A home was unroofed, another home lost most of its roof, and trees and power lines were downed. The tornado tore a bedroom door from its hinges, broke glass, and snapped a tall Norfolk Island pine tree in half.
After hitting Margate, the tornado struck the Pompano Beach Service Plaza on Florida's Turnpike, overturning an 18-wheeler tractor trailer, uprooting trees, and blowing away signs. In this area, the tornado was estimated to have been to wide. After hitting the service plaza, the tornado continued northeast to Golf View Estates, a mobile-home park north of Palm-Aire Country Club, damaging about 15 mobile homes, of which six to eight had major damage. Several mobile homes were unroofed. Near the intersection of Copans Road and Northeast Third Avenue, the tornado struck another mobile-home park, where its winds overturned a mobile home and moved another off its foundation. Trees in the park were snapped "like toothpicks," and a downed tree landed on a mobile home. Nearby, the tornado also broke glass in a two-story home. As it continued across north Pompano Beach, the tornado destroyed a satellite dish at a restaurant. The tornado continued northeast to Lighthouse Point, where a department store on Federal Highway had its roof damaged. Flying debris from the store also damaged nearby apartments. Nearby, windows were shattered in a public library, and a supermarket delivery truck carrying frozen food was overturned. The Lighthouse Point section of the path was described as having been being done by a separate tornado.
Non-tornadic effects.
Unusually cool temperatures in the upper levels of the atmosphere contributed to large hail in portions of South Florida, including the Miami area. Hail of in diameter was reported in Dade County—an unusually large size for hail in South Florida. In Miami Beach, hail larger than marble size fell, causing cuts and bruises to one person, who was treated for minor injuries. Up to of rain fell in Miami, while Fort Lauderdale received . The heavy rains caused traffic congestion, and several accidents occurred. Severe winds were also reported elsewhere in the state, particularly near Daytona Beach. In Broward County, the strong winds downed live power lines and smashed cars' windows.
Oddities/records.
The tornadoes occurred during a strong occurrence of El Niño. The Everglades–Lighthouse Point tornado featured the second-longest path recorded south of Lake Okeechobee; only one tornado in 1968 featured a longer path of in southern Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19940599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940599" title="Trilla, Illinois">
Trilla, Illinois

Trilla is an unincorporated town in Pleasant Grove Township, Coles County, Illinois, USA. 
Geography.
Trilla is located at at an elevation of 653 feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19940607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940607" title="Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria">
Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria

Joseph Franz Leopold Anton Ignatius Maria, Archduke of Austria, Prince of Hungary (March 28, 1895, Brünn, Bohemia, Austrian Empire "(now Brno, in the Czech Republic)". – September 25, 1957, Carcavelos, Portugal) He was the eldest son of Archduke Joseph August of Austria and Princess Auguste Maria of Bavaria. As his father was the last Palatine of Hungary and was briefly considered a possible King of Hungary in 1919–1920, Josef Franz was a potential crown prince of Hungary.
He was born during the reign of his maternal great-grandfather Franz Joseph I of Austria.
Marriage and issue.
On October 4, 1924, Archduke Joseph Franz married Princess Anna of Saxony, a daughter of Friedrich August III of Saxony and Archduchess Luise, Princess of Tuscany. Anna and Joseph Francis had eight children:
Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria died on 25 September 1957 in Carcavelos, Portugal

</doc>
<doc id="19940611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940611" title="Of All the Things">
Of All the Things

Of All the Things is the second full length album by Jazzanova, and their first release for Verve Records. The album features guest appearances from Phonte of Little Brother, Paul Randolph, Ben Westbeech, Thief, Jose James, Leon Ware, Dwele, Joe Dukie, Pedro Martins, Azymuth, and Bembé Segue.

</doc>
<doc id="19940638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940638" title="Horror Show">
Horror Show

Horror Show may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19940642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940642" title="Pennsylvania Department of Revenue">
Pennsylvania Department of Revenue

The Pennsylvania Department of Revenue (DOR) is an agency of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The department is responsible for collecting all Pennsylvania taxes, including all corporate taxes and taxes on inheritance, personal income, sales and use, realty transfer, motor fuel, and all other state taxes. The DOR was created in 1927 and began operating in 1929.
Organizational structure.
The DOR is composed of the following sub-units:

</doc>
<doc id="19940643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940643" title="Ben Lewis">
Ben Lewis

Ben Lewis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19940677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940677" title="Ňasan khēl">
Ňasan khēl

Ňasan khēl is a town located in Afghanistan with a population of 1,652.

</doc>
<doc id="19940691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940691" title="Ňarad-Kľačany">
Ňarad-Kľačany

Ňarad-Kľačany is a town located in Slovakia, Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19940721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940721" title="Hsiang-yen Chih-hsien">
Hsiang-yen Chih-hsien

Hsiang-yen Chih-hsien (Japanese: Kyôgen Chikan) (died 898) was a T'ang dynasty Ch'an master of the House of Kuei-yang. A Dharma heir of Kueishan Ling-yu, the story of Hsiang-yen's enlightenment is rather famous in the Zen tradition. According to his enlightenment story he had been an accomplished scholar of Buddhist sutras but for many years had made very little headway in his meditation practice. One day his master, Kueishan Ling-yu, asked him what his original face was before birth, to which he could not respond. This question became his koan, and he subsequently burned his sutras and set out to settle the matter. One day, while working, he heard the sound of a tile striking the ground and attained enlightenment. Additionally there is a koan attributed to Hsiang-yen in The Gateless Gate. The story is that of a man hanging in a tree by his teeth being asked why Bodhidharma came west. How the man is to respond became this famous koan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19940777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940777" title="RTGS">
RTGS

RTGS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19940781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940781" title="IGSSA">
IGSSA

IGSSA typically is an acronym for Independent Girls' Schools Sports Association (or variations) and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19940790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940790" title="Australian Adult Industry Awards">
Australian Adult Industry Awards

Australian Adult Industry Awards is an annual award given for outstanding Australian achievements in the adult industry since 2001.
In 2004, the organizers of the Awards were persuaded to be a partner of the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) to get 16,000 sex workers of Australia to declare their income. As part of the effort, ATO decided to sponsor the event.
John Lark won the lifetime achievement award in 2006 for his contribution to the industry as a producer of 20 films featuring Australian "stars", including Alice Springs and Kelly Blue, in late 1980s.
Modern Australian porn stars today include Kiki Vidis, Gigi Allens, Kelly Surfer, Samm Rosee and Mishka Venter.

</doc>
<doc id="19940795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940795" title="Rudolph (name)">
Rudolph (name)

Rudolph or Rudolf (, Italian, Portuguese and ) or Rodolphe is a male first name, and, less commonly, a surname. It is a Germanic name deriving from 2 stems. One being ""Rod"" or ""Hrōð"", meaning ""fame"", and ""olf"" meaning ""wolf"" ("see also Hroðulf"; cf. Adolf)

</doc>
<doc id="19940798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940798" title="Jerry Andrus">
Jerry Andrus

Jerry Andrus (January 28, 1918 – August 26, 2007) was an American magician and writer known internationally for his original close-up, sleight-of-hand tricks and optical illusions, such as the "Linking Pins".
Early life.
Andrus was born January 28, 1918 in Sheridan, Wyoming. At the age of 10, he moved to Albany, Oregon, where he lived until his death in 2007. At 12, Andrus became interested in the art of illusion when he saw a performance of a reformed "spiritual medium". He joined the International Society of Junior Magicians when he was 16 and by his 40's became known as a "magician’s magician". According to long-time friend Ray Hyman, Jerry's mother was a fundamentalist Christian, and his father died when Jerry was young. Jerry became a skeptic when he was about 12. His middle school had lost a basketball game to a rival school, and students were blaming the referees for bad calls as the reason for the loss. Jerry had an epiphany that the other school would be saying the same thing if the loss had gone the other way. From that moment on, Jerry began to challenge the beliefs he had taken for granted before.
Magic.
A self-taught magician, Andrus preferred to develop his own style rather than learn the craft as traditionally handed down from other magicians, eventually becoming one of the "best and most-influential 'close-up magic' performers ever." He was known to many accomplished contemporary magicians, such as Lance Burton, Doug Henning, and Penn & Teller, for this unique brand of close-up, sleight-of-hand magic.
International card magicians knew Andrus for his "Master Move", a sleight-of-hand classic "pass" without "necessary false movement".
An early member of The Magic Castle in Hollywood, California, Andrus performed there semi-annually until shortly before his death. "With over 5,000 members at the Magic Castle... this gentleman's membership number is #306; he has been performing here since we opened our doors."
Illusions.
Ray Hyman believes that he was responsible for getting Andrus interested in optical illusions. Hyman showed him the Mach-Eden illusion using an index card. Andrus didn't seem interested, but came back to Hyman some time later and showed him how he had improved it by inventing an illusion of a house.
Speaking at the Skeptic's Toolbox about the importance of understanding optical illusions, Andrus said, "The point of demonstrating illusions is not merely to show we can be fooled... rather to appreciate that the human mind is in fact working correctly... we look at a parked car on the street, we assume that the part of the car we can't see is there too; our brains have to do this so that we can make sense of the world around us".
In 1954, Andrus created the famous "Linking Pins", a close-up illusion in which closed safety pins are rapidly linked together in twos, threes and chains.
Invited by long-time friend and fellow magician Ray Hyman, Andrus brought many of his optical illusions to the annual Skeptic's Toolbox, held each August on the University of Oregon's campus. Two of the more popular Andrus illusions the "impossible box" and "Oregon vortex plank illusion" are explained in a 1994 Skeptical Inquirer article.
In the months before his death, Andrus continued to invent illusions. His media were common household items: metal springs, rope, wire, cardboard, wood 2 X 4's and steel rods. Many of his illusions are viewable on the Internet and some have already expanded on his inventions.
Skepticism.
An avowed scientific skeptic and agnostic, Andrus often lectured at scientific and skeptic conferences, using his optical illusions and magic tricks to demonstrate the ease with which the mind can be fooled by the eye. He discussed a form of cognitive science that attempted to explain that because the mind is working on an unconscious level, it can be fooled into misperceiving apparently normal sensory experiences. "There are a lot of people who believe in the paranormal... when it comes to objective evidence apparently, I don't believe there is anything."
Andrus and Ray Hyman appeared on a Canadian TV show in 1975 where they explained and duplicated the "paranormal" tricks Uri Geller had performed for host Dick Klinger the week prior. Klinger asked, "Does Uri Geller have any supernatural powers?" Andrus answered simply, "No".
Castle of Chaos.
Andrus called his home, located in Albany, Oregon, the "Castle of Chaos" in reference to the numerous items he collected over the years with the hope of using them to "make something spectacular." The castle is where he invented and created his illusions. He often hosted events and tours for magicians and fans, and in 1982 the magician organization M-U-M visited: "The affair was enhanced by conducted tours of the Castle of Chaos by our host, Jerry, and I am happy to report that most of those present who went on the tours got back safely. A few are still missing, but they aren't really important. Jerry Andrus was a most congenial host; and once he almost laughed; but he caught himself in time." Omni visited his home for the TV special "The New Frontier", hosted by Peter Ustinov. The program showcased Andrus playing the organ he invented, which was designed so that the keys, when played, turned lights located around the home on and off .
In 1996, Jerry Andrus demonstrated some of his inventions in his home in episode 77 of "Bill Nye the Science Guy".
In October 2011, the "Castle of Chaos" was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In July of 2013, the "Castle of Chaos", currently also known as the "Keyhole House", was included on the city of Albany Historic Interior Home Tour. The newly restored home, which is owned by Jacho and Emma Eaton, maintains photos, clippings and other memorabilia from Jerry Andrus's life and career. 
Honor and tributes.
When asked when did he first meet Jerry Andrus, magician James Randi said, "That's hard to say, Jerry was one of those guys I thought I always knew... I met him in New York City in the company of Martin Gardner. Jerry was the most honest man I ever knew...he could not lie about anything...He was a genius, a fine man and, yes, I miss him every day." In his last phone conversation with Randi, Andrus said, "I've been every place I've ever wanted to go, I've met everyone I've wanted to meet...I've never done this before, and you don't get a second chance out of it, I'm told. I'm observing really interesting things. I wish they wouldn't fill me with so many chemicals because I want to make some notes".
Quotes from Andrus's Memorial service:
When asked about Andrus's contributions, Michael Shermer said, "How easy it is to fool...and that tells us something about how the mind works...the psychology and deception of illusion, which is important".
Dai Vernon said, "I've been trying to think of superlatives I'm acquainted with and I find them entirely inadequate to describe the many revolutionary ideas incorporated in the magic of Jerry Andres". 
Harry Blackstone, Sr. said, "May I compliment you on the best close-up magic I've ever seen". Eddie Clever said, "Thanks for putting Magic back in magic".
Martin Gardner said, "Never have I watched a close-up magician more constantly who completely knocked me over. Jerry Andrus is an original. His methods are unlike those of any magicians...his effects have to be seen to be not believed".
James Underdown interviewed Skeptic's Toolbox faculty Lindsay Beyerstein, Ray Hyman, and James Alcock about their memories of Andrus. They recount several memories from odd food choices to his tireless "compulsive honesty". 
Quotes.
"I can fool you because you're a human," said Andrus. "You have a wonderful human mind that works no different from my human mind. Usually when we're fooled, the mind hasn't made a mistake. It's come to the wrong conclusion for the right reason."
"Each of us possesses a unique brain that could conceivably be the most amazing thing in all of the universe. What do we do with it? Most of us just let it lie there and rot."
"Since I don't think there is anything paranormal, that is the one reason why I'm so interested in three-dimensional optical illusions... I happen to be an agnostic. After I'm dead, I'm dead and gone... and I think this is the only life we have. I hope that after I'm dead some of my writings and other things will help people have a better outlook on life."
"I have indeed, heard the dawn calling..."
"We jump to conclusions based on our past experiences and how we look at things."
On complimenting a performance of mentalist Max Maven, "Max, you have a really nice voice".

</doc>
<doc id="19940862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940862" title="Canadian war memorials">
Canadian war memorials

The history of Canada comprises hundreds of years of armed actions in the territory encompassing modern Canada, and the role of the Canadian military in conflicts and peacekeeping worldwide. Many of these armed engagements are commemorated today with memorials across Canada and around the world. Canadian memorials commemorate the sacrifices made as early as the Seven Years' War to the modern day War on Terror. As Newfoundland was a British Dominion until joining Confederation in 1949, there are several monuments in Newfoundland and Labrador and abroad which were dedicated to Newfoundland servicemen and women.
There are currently 6,293 war memorials in Canada that are registered with the Directorate of History and Heritage, which is under the Canadian Department of National Defence. There are also war memorials across the world, some of which are operated by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, which are dedicated to Canada as well as the Commonwealth members. There currently are 17 in France, 6 in Belgium, 4 in the United Kingdom, 2 in Afghanistan and South Korea and 1 in Egypt, Hong Kong, Italy, Malta, the Netherlands, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates.
Legacy.
The 31 paintings of Canadian War Memorials by F.A. (Tex) Dawson were unveiled just outside Currie Hall in the Mackenzie Building at Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario on Wednesday 7 April 2010. Jack Pike, the chairman of the Royal Military College of Canada Museum's board of directors, said they had found a permanent and appropriate home. "We are delighted to have these paintings," he said in front of the assemblage of paintings, each representing a different memorial in a different setting and different seasons. "These are symbolic of sacrifice and remembrance and they do the whole thing so well."

</doc>
<doc id="19940888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940888" title="Junior dos Santos">
Junior dos Santos

Júnior "Cigano" dos Santos (), (born January 30, 1984) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Heavyweight Champion. As of January 17, 2014, he is #2 in official UFC heavyweight rankings after the champion Cain Velasquez and ranked the #2 heavyweight in the world by Sherdog. 
Background.
Born into a poor family, dos Santos was raised by a single mother. In order to help his family, he started to work at the age of 10. Dos Santos was 19 years old when he first met his future wife, Vilsana Picolli, in a restaurant where he worked as a waiter. His first serious contact with martial arts only happened when he was 21 years old, when Cigano started to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Yuri Carlton. After only six months of training, he won a few Jiu Jitsu tournaments in Salvador. Dos Santos was soon invited to join an MMA practice, where he met his boxing coach Luiz Carlos Dórea, and roughly a year after he started training jiu jitsu, he made his debut professional fight.
Early career.
Dos Santos became professional in 2006 at the age of 21. He fought in small promotions in Brazil, such as Demo Fight, Extreme Fighting Championship, Minotauro Fights and Mo Team League. He won six of his first seven bouts, suffering his only loss to Joaquim Ferreira, a fighter he'd previously beaten.
Ultimate Fighting Championship (2008–present).
Debut (2008–2010).
Dos Santos debuted for the UFC on October 25, 2008 at UFC 90. Considered a major underdog, he knocked out top contender Fabricio Werdum at a minute and twenty-one seconds of the first round with a strong uppercut, earning himself a "Knockout of the Night" award.
Returned on February 21, 2009 at UFC 95 he fought promotional newcomer Stefan Struve defeating him at fifty-four seconds of the first round by TKO.
On September 19, 2009, Dos Santos continued his winning streak and defeated Mirko Filipović at "UFC 103". During the third round Filipović was dominated in the clinch with knee strikes and punches. A knee from the clinch and a right uppercut apparently caused damage to Mirko's left eye causing him to verbally submit.
Dos Santos was supposed to fight Gabriel Gonzaga at UFC 108. However, Gonzaga pulled out of the bout on November 25, 2009, due to a staph infection. Instead on January 2, 2010, dos Santos fought Gilbert Yvel, winning the fight via TKO at two minutes and seven seconds of the first round.
Dos Santo defeated Gabriel Gonzaga on March 21, 2010, at by knockout in the first round. earning him his second "Knockout of the Night" award.
Heavyweight title contender (2010–2011).
Dos Santos faced Roy Nelson on August 7, 2010, at UFC 117. The fight saw Dos Santos use a variety of strikes and, for the first time, a successful takedown. Despite dos Santos' striking ability, Nelson was able to stay in the fight, resulting in the fight going to decision. Dos Santos won via unanimous decision (30–26, 30–27, 30–27). Following the win Dos Santos was expected to challenge Cain Velasquez for the heavyweight title. However a torn rotator cuff suffered by Velasquez sidelined the champion for nearly a year.
On January 11, 2011, it was revealed that Dos Santos would be one of the coaches of The Ultimate Fighter Season 13, opposite to Brock Lesnar. They were scheduled to face each other on June 11, 2011, at UFC 131, but Lesnar pulled out of the bout due to a recurrence of diverticulitis and was replaced by Shane Carwin. Dos Santos dominated Carwin and defeated him via unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-26), relying predominantly on his boxing skills, but showed more variety in his game by landing a couple of kicks and completing two takedowns in the third round.
UFC Heavyweight Champion (2011–2012).
Dos Santos faced Cain Velasquez at UFC on Fox 1 for the UFC Heavyweight Championship on November 12, 2011. He defeated Velasquez in 64 seconds of the first round via KO to win the UFC Heavyweight Championship title He dropped Velasquez with an overhand right and finished him off with a series of punches. The performance also earned him his third "Knockout of the Night" award. After the fight, it was revealed that he had a torn meniscus in his knee; he subsequently underwent a successful knee surgery.
Dos Santos was scheduled to face Alistair Overeem on May 26, 2012 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena at UFC 146. On April 4, 2012, the Nevada State Athletic Commission announced Overeem had failed a pre-fight drug test. with the end result that Overeem's request for a license was denied. On April 20, 2012, Dana White the UFC president announced Frank Mir would be replacing Overeem. dos Santos was able to keep the fight standing, showing his superior boxing skills, resulting in a KO in the second round.
A rematch against Cain Velasquez was expected on September 22, 2012 at UFC 152. However, it was later announced by Dana White that the fight would take place in Las Vegas on December 29, 2012 at UFC 155. dos Santos fell short to Velasquez after five rounds of a one-sided match and lost his title via unanimous decision (50-45, 50-43, 50-44). This marked the first time dos Santos had suffered a loss in the UFC. Dos Santos later claimed that he was training so hard prior to the bout with Velasquez that he developed rhabdomyolysis, a (sometimes fatal) breakdown of muscle fibers that releases their contents into the bloodstream and that the condition affected his performance during the fight.
Back into contention (2013-present).
Dos Santos was expected to face Alistair Overeem on May 25, 2013 at UFC 160. However, in early March, Overeem pulled out of the bout citing an injury. The bout was expected to be rescheduled for a future event, However on March 9, UFC President Dana White confirmed that dos Santos' next opponent will be Mark Hunt at the same event. In the UFC 159 post-fight conference, Dana White indicated that if dos Santos defeats Hunt, he is going to be the #1 contender for the heavyweight championship. Junior won the fight via third round knockout in a bout that earned both participants "Fight of the Night" honors.
A third fight with Cain Velasquez took place on October 19, 2013 at UFC 166. Junior was dominated by Velasquez for most of the fight. He lost via TKO at 3:09 of the fifth round.
Dos Santos is expected to face Stipe Miocic on May 24, 2014 at UFC 173.
Personal life.
Dos Santos states that Antônio Rodrigo "Minotauro" Nogueira is his hero. In addition to his native Portuguese, Dos Santos speaks English, and Spanish. He received his nickname "Cigano" by showing up to practice with long hair placed in a ponytail, Cigano meaning "Gypsy" in Portuguese, The name is an allusion to a character from an old Brazilian soap opera, addressing the culture of the gypsies in Brazil. He is a Roman Catholic. He has also stated that as a child he hated
fighting. In January 2013, he announced that he had divorced his wife of ten years before competing at UFC 155.

</doc>
<doc id="19940890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940890" title="Hamilton, Ontario municipal election, 2010">
Hamilton, Ontario municipal election, 2010

The 2010 Hamilton municipal election was held on October 25, 2010 to select one Mayor, fifteen members of the Hamilton, Ontario City Council and members of both English and French Public and Catholic School Boards. Nominations opened January 4, 2010 and ran until September 10, 2010.
The race saw Hamiltonians elect their third mayor in as many elections, opting for former Ward 2 Councillor Bob Bratina over Larry Di Ianni (Mayor 2003-2006) and incumbent Mayor Fred Eisenberger, who had served in the role since 2006. The stark contrasts between Ward elections saw the council race to succeed Bratina in Ward 2 drawing 20 candidates, while Ward 14 Councillor Robert Patsuta was acclaimed. Only one incumbent councillor was defeated, with Brenda Johnstone toppling long-time Councillor Dave Mitchell in Ward 11. Also notable in the race was the significant turnover among Catholic School Board Trustees, many of whom were defeated by first-time candidates.
New measures.
Council backed a measure to elect the boards of Local Health Integration Networks (LHINs), a move that was in response to the LHIN affair, though this did not occur in time for the 2010 Election.
There was speculation that this election was to include a new 16th Council seat, that would encompass southern portions of Wards 6,7 and 8 and the northern portion of Ward 11. The new Ward would have included the area to be developed as part of the controversial "Aerotropolis" industrial development plan, though that plan was abandoned in favour of a study of all ward boundaries following the election.
As per Bill 212, municipal elections in Ontario were moved from the first Monday in November to the fourth Monday in October, shortening the campaign period by two weeks and moving close of nominations to September 10, 2010.
Mayoral election.
Mayor Eisenberger's upset victory in 2006, his perceived 'weak governing' style in dealing with council and the Pan Am Games Stadium Debate sparked vigorous debate over challengers and led to the largest number of candidates filing to run for the office of mayor in the city's post-amalgamation history.
Campaign.
Michael Baldasaro was the first candidate to file in early January and was later joined by self-proclaimed marijuana advocate Andrew Haines. Mahesh P. Butani filed his nomination in mid-April and Mayor Eisenberger, having already confirmed he would be seeking a second term in mid-2008, officially filed on May 31.
Following months of speculation, former Mayor Larry Di Ianni announced he would be standing in the mayoral election in an interview with the Hamilton Spectator on July 26. Perennial joke candidate Marty Zulinak filed soon after, claiming that he would finance his campaign with money from returning used beer bottles. He would later drop out and run for Ward 13 (Dundas) City Councillor.
The month of August brought the Pan Am Games Stadium controversy, with Mayor Eisenberger taking the side of the proposed West Harbour location on Hamilton's Waterfront. The ensuing local debate became so passionately heated, Eisenberger began receiving death threats and council, after affirming their support for the West Harbour, reversed their decision and initiated a reevaluation of potential sites. Though the mayor was commended by Toronto's Mayor David Miller and lauded as the week's boldest leader in the Globe and Mail, his handling of the situation caused former New Democratic MP and MPP Ian Deans and Ward 2 (Downtown) Councillor Bob Bratina to announce they would be contesting the election.
Though Deans withdrew from the Mayoral race on Thursday, September 9 to run for Ward 2 Councillor, Eisenberger faced fourteen opposing candidates after the close of nominations on September 10, 2010.
On Thursday, October 7, following a debate at Sir John A MacDonald High School, Edward Graydon unofficially dropped out of the race after fellow contender Andrew Haines told him to "smoke a joint". Graydon was outraged at the comments, and decided to withdraw from the race to support Larry Di Ianni, who came to his defense following Haines' comments. Di Ianni then asserted marijuana advocates should not be attending debates at high schools and school board officials announced they would be reiterating the school's official anti-drug policies the following day. Graydon continued to attend the mayoralty debates, and his name remained on the ballot, as the official withdrawal date had passed by the time he 'withdrew'.
City Council election.
Ward One (West Hamilton-McMaster).
The race for councillor in Ward One focused heavily on the Pan Am Stadium. The West Hamilton Ward was a potential host site for the venue, a fact that incumbent Councillor Brian McHattie passionately opposed. During the election, McHattie ran on a campaign of continuing a push for Light Rail Transit, expanded HSR bus service and improved environmental and anti-poverty projects.
Challenger Raymond Paquette campaigned on a similar platform, with the exception of supporting an increased number of liquor licenses granted to restaurants in Westdale Village, an area popular with McMaster University students.
All three candidates vocally opposed the Pam Am Stadium being placed in Ward One. Each candidate was concerned about the strain such a venue would have on the community surrounding the proposed site, a working CP Rail Yard.
Ward Eight (West Mountain).
Ward Eight's council race was marked by the unofficial withdrawal of two candidates, namely Jeff Bonner for personal reasons and Bruce Whitelaw in support of incumbent Councillor Terry Whitehead's campaign. 
Whitehead's last campaigning opponent, Kim Jenkinson, wrote a post-election reflection for "The Hamilton Spectator", where she outlined her reasons for running and the process by which she campaigned. In the article, she noted, "I've had my say, I've played fair, and I have met some interesting people, and had my family and friends at my back the whole way."
Incumbents not seeking election.
The only incumbent councillor to not seek re-election was Ward 15 representative Margaret McCarthy, who decided not to stand for re-election after serving on regional and Hamilton councils since 1994. She has cited family commitment as her reasoning for leaving politics after 16 years.
Wards 11 and 12 Public School Board Trustee Shirley Glauser announced she would not be seeking re-election following the completion of her first term in office. Glauser was the only public trustee to not seek another mandate in 2010.
Withdrawn candidates.
Despite placing second in the 2006 Election and filing early in 2010 to run against Councillor Russ Powers in Ward 13, Julia Kollek withdrew her candidacy on June 3, 2010, stating that she wanted to help her community in ways other than as an elected representative. During an interview with the Dundas Star, she commented that “You can’t take the activist out of me!” 
Ward Three candidate and member of the Mohawk College faculty, Frank Bedek pulled out of the 5 person race on July 20, 2010.
Public School Board Trustee candidate for Ward 4, Ryan Sparrow, withdrew from that race in June. Sparrow had been a School Board candidate in Ward 3 during the 2006 Election, taking 17% of the vote, and was a candidate in the 2008 Federal Election for Hamilton Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19940925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940925" title="Papa Nero (song)">
Papa Nero (song)

"Papa Nero" ("Black Pope") is a song by the Venetian reggae band Pitura Freska, with lyrics in the Venetian language.
It was performed at the 1997 Sanremo Music Festival, and became very popular throughout Italy. It is notable for being one of the very few songs (if not the only song) in Venetian that got significant media exposure outside the Veneto region.
The lyrics are inspired on a prediction by Nostradamus that the next-to-last Pope will come from Africa. They can be read as a light-hearted anti-racist and anti-xenophobic message. Some famous verses were:

</doc>
<doc id="19940954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19940954" title="Heartland (comics)">
Heartland (comics)

Heartland is a comic book one-shot published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in March 1997. It was written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Steve Dillon. It is a spin-off from the "Hellblazer" comic book series, and features the character of Kit Ryan, a longtime supporting character in that series. Although "Heartland" is technically a spin-off of "Hellblazer", the central character of that series, John Constantine, makes no appearance.
Plot.
Kit Ryan is a girl from Northern Ireland who was once romantically linked with the sorcerer and "occult detective" John Constantine. In the aftermath of her breakup with Constantine, and upon hearing that her father has died, Kit returns home to Belfast. It is soon revealed that her father had been an alcoholic who was both physically and mentally abusive, and whose passing has stirred up a host of family dramas into which Kit finds herself thrust once more. When the boyfriend of Kit's sister Bernadette makes an unsubtle pass at Kit, even more sibling rivalry and Eugene O'Neill-esque tensions come to the surface.
Although a "Hellblazer" spin-off, there is no hint of magic or the occult in "Heartland". These minor but comparatively realistic family dramas are played out against the background of regular city life in 1990s Belfast.
Other version.
"Heartland" was also the title of the story published in issue #70 of the "Hellblazer" comic, again written by Garth Ennis with art by Steve Dillon. Like the later one-shot, the story features Kit Ryan, returning home to Northern Ireland after her break-up with John Constantine. As such, it serves as something of a prequel to the later "Heartland" one-shot. The issue was published in collected form in the "Tainted Love" collection.
Collected editions.
"Heartland" is collected along with issues 78 to 83 of "Hellblazer" as "Rake at the Gates of Hell" (ISBN 1-40120-002-8).
Awards.
In 1997, "Heartland" was nominated for the Squiddy Awards for "Best Story" and "Best Single Comic". It was also nominated for the 1997 Haxtur Award for "Best Short Comic Strip".

</doc>
<doc id="19941009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941009" title="Veritas vos liberabit">
Veritas vos liberabit

Veritas vos liberabit (Latin) is a variant of "Veritas liberabit vos" (the truth shall set you free), of the Gospel of John. Pilate has the philosopher's response in verse : "Quid est veritas?" ("What is truth?").
It is the motto of St. Thomas College, Thrissur, The California Institute of Technology, Johns Hopkins University, Idaho State University, University of Portland, Ottawa University, Doshisha University, Lafayette College, Lebanon Valley College, Bayview Glen School, Greenville Senior High School, St Thomas Aquinas Secondary School, Ghana, St. Augustine's College (Raleigh) and of Our Lady Seat of Wisdom Academy. "Veritas liberabit vos" is the motto of Yonsei University, Southern Methodist University, and Catholic University of Cordoba. It is also the motto of King's College of the University of Queensland St Josephs Regional College, Canterbury Christ Church University, Saint Pauls High School, Mackilliop Senior College, St. George's Independent Schools, Redfield College Dural NSW and Newman Senior Technical College Port Macquarie. The Greek original text (ἡ ἀλήθεια ἐλευθερώσει ὑμᾶς) is the motto of Lenoir-Rhyne University. Also used by the Knights Hospitaller during the crusades. Translated to Spanish, it is also the motto of Universidad Iberoamericana. Translated to German, it is the motto of the University of Freiburg. It is also the motto of the Peruvian Football Club Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martin de Porres.
The English variant "And Ye Shall Know the Truth and the Truth Shall Make You Free" is carved in stone in the OHB (Original Headquarters Building) of the Central Intelligence Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19941146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941146" title="Miss Machiko">
Miss Machiko

Miss Machiko, also known as is a manga series written by Takeshi Ebihara. It was serialized in Japan in "Shōnen Challenge" from May 1980 through February 1982. The individual chapters were collected and published in eight "tankōbon" volumes by Gakken.
The series was adapted into a 95 episode anime series by Studio Pierrot that aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from October 8, 1981 to October 6, 1983. It was also adapted into four live-action OVAs, and two full-length live-action films.
Plot.
The series revolves around Miss Machiko, a new elementary school teacher who wears a revealing red mini-skirt, and her regularly finding herself in accidental sexual situations. Machiko is very popular with her students, especially the boys, who take delight in lifting up her skirts and devising traps to catch her in various stages of undress. Rather than get angry, Machiko responds by laughing it off and uttering her trademark phrase, "Maicchingu!" (roughly meaning "Embarrassing"). Machiko is generally a very kind and patient woman who cares about her students and does her best to help them with their problems.
Media.
Manga.
The manga was created by Takeshi Ebihara, and consists of 8 volumes that were published between 1980 and 1985 in Japan, and serialized in the Gakken magazine Shōnen Challenge. As with the anime TV series, the manga series was known for its overt sexual humor. The individual chapters were collected and published in eight "tankōbon" volumes by Gakken.
Anime.
Studio Pierrot, with assistance from Studio Gallop, adapted the manga into an anime television series which premiered in Japan on TV Tokyo on October 8, 1981, where it ran for 95 episodes until its conclusion on October 6, 1983. The episodes were written by Shiori Adachi and directed by the manga's author, Ebihara. Rihoko Yoshida provided the voice of Miss Machiko.
Live action.
Total Media Corporation adapted the series into seven full-length live action films and King Records adapted the series in one film. In the first two films that were released in 2003, Machiko is played by Kaori Nakata and in the third released in the next year she is played by Haruka Nanami. This three films are directed by Minoru Kawasaki. The first film released by King Records and the fourth in total, , was released in September 2005, with Sayaka Isoyama playing titular character Machiko and Kosuke Suzuki as the director. The fifth full-length film, , was released theatrically in Japan on February 22, 2006. In this film, directed by Minoru Kawasaki, Hanako Nanjo plays Machiko. Yuri Morishita stars the sixth film as well the seventh film with both directed by Tenkaku Naniwa. In 2009, a ninth film was released, this time with Hitomi Aizawa playing Machiko and Chū Ueda directing the movie.
Reception.
The anime series placed in #97 on "Celebrity List" of TV Asahi's survey of Japan's 100 favorite animated television series. It was also a frequent target of the Japanese PTA, who campaigned against such raunchy content in an alleged "children's show".

</doc>
<doc id="19941148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941148" title="Shannon River (Western Australia)">
Shannon River (Western Australia)

Shannon River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. 
The river rises in the forests to the West of Lake Muir and flows in a southerly direction, crossing the South Western Highway just East of Shannon then continuing South through the Shannon National Park before entering the Broke Inlet. The only tributary of the river is Fish Creek. 
The water quality of the river is excellent, fresh and low in sediments. Sandbanks bar the mouth of the river where in enters the inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19941167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941167" title="Secret Sphere">
Secret Sphere

Secret Sphere is an Italian symphonic power metal band from Alessandria formed by guitarist Aldo Lonobile in July 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19941169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941169" title="Rishi Prakash Tyagi">
Rishi Prakash Tyagi

Rishi Prakash Tyagi became the first senior police officer in India to be convicted of first degree murder of two individuals in police custody and was sentenced to death in 2006.
However, in March 2008 the High Court commuted the penalty to eight years' imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="19941191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941191" title="Ladd Ehlinger Jr.">
Ladd Ehlinger Jr.

Ladd Ehlinger Jr. (born August 21, 1968 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American filmmaker. He is the director and animator of the 2007 film "Flatland" as well as a creator of numerous political videos promoting a libertarian conservative viewpoint, some of which have become highly controversial and reached viral levels of publicity. On his website, he compares himself to Sam Peckinpah and Orson Welles. He also hosts a radio talk show in Huntsville, Alabama.
Flatland.
In 2007, Ehlinger directed, animated and edited the film "Flatland", which is based on Edwin Abbott Abbott's novella of the same name. The film takes place on a two-dimensional world inhabited by intelligent polygons, most of whom refuse to acknowledge the existence of a third dimension. "The story follows its hero A Square, who inhabits a world that is completely flat and two-dimensional. A mysterious visitor from the third dimension arrives, bent on spreading the gossip about another dimension called height. A Square is taken out of Flatland and transported to the 3D universe. In so doing, the very fabric of space-time itself is placed at risks, potentially destroying all of creation."
"Flatland" was widely reviewed and received critical acclaim as an independent, innovative film.
Hive Mind.
In 2010, Ehlinger released another full-length film, more overtly political than the last. This film, "Hive Mind", centers on a conservative talk radio host who is the last "normal" human in a world otherwise inhabited entirely by zombies who are part of the "Hive Mind" of the title.
Political videos.
Ehlinger has created numerous viral videos, including a video of a dancing Barney Frank between disco balls, an ad portraying Nancy Pelosi as the Wicked Witch of the West an ad promoting Dale Peterson's candidacy for agriculture commissioner in Alabama, and an anti-Janice Hahn ad portraying the congressional candidate with red eyes and as a stripper who gyrates while two black rappers grab dollar bills out of her panties and chant "Give us your cash, bitch". The ad focused on Janice Hahn's promotion of a taxpayer-funded program in Los Angeles that hires convicted felons as "gang intervention specialists", many of whom have been subsequently indicted. This latter ad was described in the media as "the most racist and sexist political ad ever", and Democrats at the state and national level urged Republican candidate Craig Huey to disown the ad, which he eventually did. Ehlinger himself said in response to the criticism, “I didn't kill anyone. I didn't even enable anyone to kill anyone...The ad's funny. It makes me laugh. So if, for some reason, it's pulled by YouTube, a thousand will be launched in its place.” The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee made mention of the controversy surrounding the ad in one of its fundraising e-mails.

</doc>
<doc id="19941207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941207" title="Magic City Classic">
Magic City Classic

The Magic City Classic is an annual American football "classic" which features Alabama A&M University and Alabama State University, two of Alabama's most prominent historically black universities. It is played at Legion Field in Birmingham. 
The first game between the two schools was played in 1924. It has been an uninterrupted, annual tradition since 1945 and has been played at Legion Field in Birmingham since 1946. Alabama A&M leads the series with a record of 38-36-3 all-time.
History.
"Alabama A&M victories are shaded ██ maroon. Alabama State victories shaded in ██ gold."
Other activities.
Of the many festivities held in conjunction with the game include a parade and the "Battle of the Bands" between the respective schools' marching bands.
In recent years, the Classic has attracted numerous African-American celebrities; in 2008, these included actress Vivica A. Fox and radio personalities Tom Joyner and Steve Harvey.

</doc>
<doc id="19941214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941214" title="Ilyushin Il-54">
Ilyushin Il-54

__NOTOC__
The Il-54 was a transonic bomber developed in the USSR in the 1950s. Only two examples were built before the project was abandoned. 
The Council of Ministers issued a directive to OKB-115, for a transonic bomber prototype to be submitted for State Acceptance Trials in July 1954. The design of this bomber went through several stages before settling on the final configuration. 
The Il-54, as built, had a very thin 45 degree swept wing with anhedral, which was shoulder mounted on the fuselage. The Lyulka AL-7 engines were housed in slim, pylon mounted, pods at approximately 1/3 span. Because the wings and engine nacelles were too small to house a conventional undercarriage, the Il-54 used a bicycle undercarriage arrangement, with nose and main gear units on the centreline of the aircraft, at each end of the bomb bay. This arrangement meant a conventional rotating take-off would be impossible. To enable the Il-54 to take-off, in a reasonable runway length, the main gear knelt and the nose gear extended to give the ideal angle of incidence for take-off (10 degrees). 
Flight trials of the Il-54 commenced in April 1955 with test pilot Vladimir Kokkinaki at the helm. Difficult handling during the landing run was rectified by modifying the undercarriage.
Production of the Il-54 was not proceeded with, due to competition from Yak-25 derivatives, and the belief that manned aircraft would soon be replaced by missiles.
Booked to fly in the flypast at Tushino in 1956, the Il-54 was dropped from the flying programme. The aircraft was then shown to a US Military Delegation at Kubinka. The Delegation were told that the Il-54 was the Il-149 as part of a deception programme. As a result the Il-54 was given far more importance than it actually warranted, and was assigned the NATO reporting name ("Blowlamp") after it had ceased flying.

</doc>
<doc id="19941230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941230" title="Tapis crude">
Tapis crude

Tapis crude is a Malaysian crude oil used as a pricing benchmark in Singapore. While it is not traded on a market like Brent Crude or West Texas Intermediate, it is often used as an oil marker for Asia and Australia.
The price of Tapis in Singapore is commonly considerably higher than the price of crude oil commonly referred to in the market commentary heard on radio or television.

</doc>
<doc id="19941232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941232" title="Michael Velo">
Michael Velo

Michael Velo (22 May 1851 - 1929) was a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Coalition Party.
Born in Jevnaker, he graduated from Asker Seminary in 1869 and worked as a teacher until 1882. He then settled in Larvik to become a businessman.
He was a member of Larvik city council from 1889 to 1909, serving eight years as mayor. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1907, representing the urban constituency of "Larvik og Sandefjord". With Julius Christensen as running mate, he edged out the Social Democratic candidate and two Liberal candidates (one of these was a totallist). He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941236" title="Jeanne Dambendzet">
Jeanne Dambendzet

Jeanne Dambendzet (born 1 August 1943) is a Congolese politician. She served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville from 1989 to 1991 and again from 1997 to 2009. Since 2009 she has been the First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council, a state institution. 
Background and early political career.
Dambendzet was born in Franceville, located in southeastern Gabon. She is related to President Denis Sassou Nguesso (he is her mother's first cousin) and the two have known each other since they were children. She became a teacher and was an activist within the teachers' union; she was also a founder of the Revolutionary Union of Congolese Women (URFC). From 1977 to 1980, she was a URFC delegate to the Women's International Democratic Federation; subsequently, she was the Women's International Democratic Federation's Permanent Representative to UNESCO from 1980 to 1984.
At the PCT's Third Ordinary Congress, held on 27–31 July 1984, Dambendzet was elected to the 75-member PCT Central Committee. She was also assigned to head the studies and research division of the PCT. On 13 August 1989, she was appointed to the Congolese government as Minister of Labour and Social Security, holding that post until the PCT regime ended in 1991.
Political career since the early 1990s.
Dambendzet remained loyal to Sassou Nguesso during the presidency of Pascal Lissouba (1992–1997) and worked actively on his behalf during the June–October 1997 civil war. After the victory of Sassou Nguesso's forces, Dambendzet was again appointed to the government as Minister of the Civil Service and Administrative Reform on 2 November 1997; her portfolio was expanded to include the advancement of women on 12 January 1999. In the May 2002 parliamentary election, Dambendzet was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Ngoko constituency, located in Cuvette Region; she received 55.43% of the vote and won the seat in the first round. Following the election, she was moved to the post of Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Fisheries, and the Advancement of Women on 18 August 2002; she remained in that position in the government named on 7 January 2005, although her portfolio was reduced to agriculture, animal husbandry, and fisheries. Her portfolio was further reduced to agriculture and animal husbandry on 3 March 2007.
In the 2007 parliamentary election, Dambendzet was again elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Ngoko; she won the seat in the first round with 67.58% of the vote. She was subsequently moved to the post of Minister of Trade, Consumption, and Supplies on 30 December 2007.
Dambendzet distributed tables to traders and vendors at the Bourreau market in Brazzaville on 22 August 2009. She explained that one of her ministry's tasks was the modernization of markets and that the selling of goods off the ground was a public health problem. According to Dambendzet, more tables would be distributed at other markets to help the markets meet basic standards of public health. 
Dambendzet was dismissed from the government on 15 September 2009 and was then appointed by Sassou Nguesso as First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council on 18 September 2009. She met with Claudine Munari, her successor as Minister of Trade, on 24 September to discuss issues facing the ministry, especially Economic Partnership Agreements with the European Union. She also discussed internal trade issues, such as rising food prices. Munari said that she would continue to consult with Dambendzet when needed.
As First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council, Dambendzet met with Florent Ntsiba, the Minister of Labour and Social Security, on 13 November 2009 to discuss greater cooperation between the Council and the government on policies, including those related to employment, training, wages, and pensions. She said that the Council would communicate the concerns and desires of the people to relevant ministries.
At the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held in July 2011, Dambendzet was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau.
In August 2013, at the constitutive congress of the Women's Organization of Congo (OFC), the PCT's newly created women's organization, Dambendzet was designated as the OFC's National Executive Secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="19941238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941238" title="Standard Oil Gasoline Station">
Standard Oil Gasoline Station

Standard Oil was an integrated oil producing, transporting, refining, and marketing company established in 1870 and split into multiple companies in 1911. Various buildings bear the Standard Oil name and multiple individual stations with this branding are historically notable:

</doc>
<doc id="19941244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941244" title="Ants Laikmaa">
Ants Laikmaa

Ants Laikmaa (5 May 1866 in Paiba farm, Araste village, Vigala Parish – 19 November 1942 in Kadarpiku village, Taebla Parish) was an Estonian painter.
Life.
Ants Laikmaa (until 1935 Hans Laipman) was as the 13th child of a poor Estonian family. He attended schools in Velise, Haapsalu and Lihula. His mother died when he was a child. Laikmaa discovered early his interest in painting. He studied from 1891 to 1893 and 1896/97 at the Düsseldorf Art Academy. From 1897 to 1899 he was working in Düsseldorf. He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting. In autumn of 1899 he returned to Tallinn. From 1900 to 1907 Laikmaa worked as an artist in Tallinn and Haapsalu. Study led him to Belgium, France, Austria, Finland and the Netherlands. 1901 he organized the first ever Estonian art exhibition in Tallinn, 1906 followed by the first art exhibition in Tartu. 1903, he founded a studio in Tallinn. 1907 he founded the Estonian Art Association (Eesti Kunstiselts).
In 1904 the 38-year-old Laikmaa met the great love of his life, the 21-year-old Marie Hacker, who later changed her name to Marie Under, one of the best-known poets of the time. In the same year he painted two portraits of her, counted as the most famous of Laikmaa paintings. 
From 1907 to 1909 he was mainly in Finland. 1909 to 1913 he traveled to the major art cities in Europe. He lived from 1910 to 1912 in Capri and Tunisia. From 1913 to 1931 Laikmaa worked as a freelance artist and art teacher in Tallinn. 1927 his only daughter Aino Marie (later Anu Kilpiö, died 1969) was born, a child of his model "Miku". 1932 Laikmaa settled in the vicinity of Taebla in Lääne County, on his farm in Kadarpiku village designed with a 7-hectare park, where he remained and worked until the end of his life. 
Ants Laikmaa died in November 1942 in Kadarpiku, where he is also buried. Laikmaa remained unmarried all his life. His farm was opened in 1960 as a museum to his life and work.
Work.
Ants Laikmaa is best known for his watercolor painting. He brought impressionism to Estonia, and often painted landscapes, mostly with sharp colors. His portraits of the intellectual and artistic elite of Estonia are also well known. He was also politically active. Above all, he promoted the training and promotion of Estonian art and was one of the founders of the Estonian National Museum (Eesti Rahva Muuseum) in Tartu.

</doc>
<doc id="19941252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941252" title="Ko Lan">
Ko Lan

Ko Lan (, ) is one of the Eastern Seaboard islands of Thailand.
Geography.
Ko Lan is the largest of the "Near Islands", off south Pattaya. It is located at the SE end of the Bay of Bangkok, on the eastern side of the Gulf of Siam. Administratively Ko Lan belongs to the Amphoe Bang Lamung, Chonburi Province.
Ko Lan lies 8 km away from the nearest shore and it is about 4 km in length. It is a hilly island, covered with low tropical forest; its highest point reaches 205 m and there is a Buddhist shrine on top of the mountain. The island has two small villages on it: Ban Ko Lan and Ban Krok Makhan where there are lodgings and restaurants. There are ferries connecting Ko Lan to the mainland. Some local tour operators in nearby Pattaya organize picnic and snorkelling excursions to Ko Lan because there is a relaxed atmosphere and beaches with clear water. The ferry ride takes about 40 minutes. Ferries leave south Pattaya Bali Hai pier daily from 7:00 am to 6:30 pm, the one-way fare is 30 Baht. The return ferry leaves Koh Lan’s Na Ban Beach at 06.30 am to 6:00 pm.
Most of Ko Lan's beaches are on its western side. The most visited one is Tawaen Beach, where there is a small harbor. All the length of the beach is lined with small tourist shops behind which are dining halls of restaurants whose menu is based mainly on fish and seafood. Other beaches are Tonglang Beach, Tien Beach, Samae Beach and Naon Beach. 
"Ko Lan" is the name of the island in the Royal Thai General System of Transcription. It is also known as "Koh Larn" in the English-based Thai transcription.
The "Koh Larn Classic" is a sailing and running race event held at the nearby Royal Varuna Yacht Club in Pattaya.
Adjacent islands.
Two smaller islands are located close to Ko Lan:
Ko Phai, the main island of Mu Ko Phai (หมู่เกาะไผ่), the group of "Far Islands", off Pattaya is located about 14 km to the west of Ko Lan.

</doc>
<doc id="19941281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941281" title="QE2 Hospital">
QE2 Hospital

QE2 Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19941317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941317" title="David B. Dunn">
David B. Dunn

David B. Dunn (born 1949) is an American diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador to Togo from 2005 to 2008. He also served as United States Ambassador to Zambia from 1999 to 2002.
Biography.
Dunn was born in Great Falls, Montana. He is a graduate of Occidental College and holds Masters Degrees from American University and the National War College. Dunn is married to Maria-Elena Dubourt and has two sons, Tom and Brian. His home in the United States is in Riverside, California.
He joined the Senior Foreign Service in 1978 and is was Class of Minister Counselor. He served the early part of his career managing assignments in Jamaica, Tunisia, France, and Washington, D.C. Since 1988, he has been engaged with Africa, mainly parts of Burundi, Mauritius, Tanzania, Zambia, and South Africa. He is deputy director and director of the State Department's Office of East African Affairs. He was appointed as Ambassador to Zambia by President Clinton in 1999 to 2002. From 2002 to 2005 he served as Principal Officer at the Consulate General in Johannesburg, South Africa. After George W. Bush was elected in 2000, Bush nominated Dunn to Ambassador to Togo on September 6, 2005 and was confirmed by the United States Congress on October 28, 2005. He was superseded by Patricia McMahon Hawkins on August 22, 2008 as the ambassador to Togo.
He resides in Prescott, Arizona with his family, when not working.

</doc>
<doc id="19941324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941324" title="John F. Manning">
John F. Manning

John F. Manning (born 1961) is a prominent American legal academic and the Bruce Bromley Professor of Law at Harvard Law School. He graduated from Harvard Law School in 1985, and served that year as a law clerk to Judge Robert H. Bork at the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He then served as law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia for the Supreme Court's 1988 term.
Manning was brought to Harvard Law School by Dean Elena Kagan to help shore up Harvard Law School's expertise in public law; he is an expert in administrative law and a constitutional scholar of textualism. Manning's hiring, along with that of Jack Goldsmith, has "helped assuage complaints that Harvard marginalized conservative views."
Manning is also an expert on separation of powers issues.
On July 23, 2012, the Supreme Court appointed Manning "amicus curiae", in Sebelius v. Auburn Regional Medical Center. He argued the case on December 4, 2012. On April 30th 2013, Manning was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Published Works.
Manning is the coauthor of two leading textbooks:
He has also written more than thirty law review articles. Some of his most-cited pieces are:

</doc>
<doc id="19941335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941335" title="Paul Vinsnes">
Paul Vinsnes

Paul Vinsnes (18 October 1794 - 23 August 1889) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was born in Drammen as the son of Johan Fredrik Winsnes and his wife Barbara Holm. He graduated from the University of Copenhagen as cand.theol. in 1814. He first worked two years as a teacher in Drammen, then in Kristiania before he became chaplain in Vang in 1819. He was then appointed as vicar in Trysil in 1820, Hurdalen in 1822, Aurdal in 1827 and Brunlaugnes in 1830. He was promoted to dean in 1835. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, 1842 and 1844, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Laurviks Amt. He later returned as vicar of Vang. He retired in 1870.
Paul Vinsnes, who wrote his name "Winsnes" until the late 1830s, married Hanna Olava Strøm, a niece of professor Hans Strøm. They had several children. Their granddaughter Barbra Ring was a notable author.

</doc>
<doc id="19941342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941342" title="Yarroweyah railway station">
Yarroweyah railway station

Yarroweyah is a former railway station in Yarroweyah, Victoria, Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19941343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941343" title="Wachdienst">
Wachdienst

The Wachdienst (English: rural home guard or the watch service) was an auxiliary organisation erected by the Third Reich in Germany during the last months of World War II, in 1945. The service was created to assist local authorities in rural areas, among other things, and elderly men in Germany, mostly farmers and other rural labourers, were forced into conscription. Members of the "Wachdienst" were often required to participate in local fire brigades and engage in related tasks. Others were involved in the oversight of farms in their area, and were required to look into pests affecting local crops and produce. In addition to this, and as the name of the unit implies, the "Wachdienst" were also tasked with home protection for civilians, and undertook militia-like duties in that respect.
The service was one of many civilian organisations created under command of the Third Reich in Germany, in response to an increasing lack of manpower and supplies as the war dragged on and continued its demand for resources, human and not. As the Wehrmacht, the German military forces, were proving ineffective in stopping the advance of the Soviet Union on the Eastern Front due to a lack of units, Adolf Hitler sanctioned the creation of such organisations on the home front, and civilians who were working in areas perceived to be non-essential were often enrolled.
The "Wachdienst" should not be confused with the "Volkssturm", a similar militia "home guard" unit formed in October 1944, whose name is roughly translated into English as "The People's Army".

</doc>
<doc id="19941349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941349" title="Federico Luzzi">
Federico Luzzi

Federico Luzzi (3 January 1980 – 25 October 2008) was a professional tennis player from Italy who had been ranked as high as 92nd in the world. Luzzi had been suspended from professional tennis in 2008 for six months after a determination was made that he had gambled on the outcome of matches over a three-year span. He was diagnosed with leukemia on a Wednesday and died four days later. While he was on suspension and awaiting the outcome of the case he studied acting in Hollywood. He screen tested and was to return to Hollywood in 2009 to begin filming two movies.
Fedelux charity has become world famous in honor of his death, searching for a cure for Cancer.
Tennis career.
The 6'2" (187 cm), 176 lbs (80 kg) Luzzi, coached by Umberto Rianna, turned pro in 1999. His best season was in 2001 when he finished with the year ranked 96, having reached the quarterfinals at the Ciutat de Barcelona Tennis Tournament, won two ATP Challenger Series titles and made his Davis Cup debut.
In February 2002, Luzzi attained a world ranking of 92, the highest in his career. A serious shoulder injury plagued him for the remainder of his career.
Officials at the 2007 U.S. Open would not allow Luzzi to play while wearing a shirt with a "Playboy" bunny, as the logo failed a United States Tennis Association policy that only allows logos for recognized clothing manufacturers. Luzzi had worn the shirt during an opening qualifying match, but the USTA imposed the restriction before his second match, which Luzzi lost to Gabriel Trujillo-Soler of Spain.
In February 2008, the Association of Tennis Professionals found him guilty of wagering on the outcome of matches from May 2004 to April 2007. The ATP's Anti-Corruption Program prohibits all gambling on any form of tennis. The ATP banned Luzzi from playing for 200 days and fined him $50,000. The ATP determined that he had "wagered 273 times on 836 tennis matches", including a wager he had placed on himself to win a match, but the ATP stated that it had not uncovered any evidence that he had attempted to influence the result of any tennis match.
Illness and death.
Luzzi was forced to retire from a club match in Sardinia in mid-October due to a fever. He went to the hospital and on Wednesday 21 October was diagnosed with cancer. Luzzi had contracted a rapid form of fulmonic leukemia, and died four days later on 25 October 2008 in a hospital in his home town of Arezzo at age 28.
His funeral was held in his hometown of Arezzo and was attended by over 3500 people including all of the officials of FIT along with previous and current tennis stars of Italy. His pall bearers were his best friends.

</doc>
<doc id="19941353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941353" title="Jacob Staalesen Velde">
Jacob Staalesen Velde

Jacob Staalesen Velde (1805 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, representing the constituency of Nordre Trondhjems Amt. He worked as a teacher and farmer there. He was re-elected in 1851, 1854, 1868 and 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="19941372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941372" title="Christian Hansen Vennemoe">
Christian Hansen Vennemoe

Christian Hansen Vennemoe (24 November 1812 - 30 May 1901) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1868, representing the constituency of Akershus Amt. He worked as a banker and farmer there. He was re-elected in 1871 and 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="19941383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941383" title="Gwyther Irwin">
Gwyther Irwin

(David) Gwyther (Broome) Irwin (7 May 1931 – 18 October 2008) was a British abstract artist born in Basingstoke, Hampshire, who had lived much of his life in north Cornwall. He was educated in Dorset, at Goldsmith's College and at the Central School of Art in London 1951–1954. Irwin first came to prominence in 1957 with an exhibition at Gallery One, and another at Gimpel Fils in 1959. In 1964, he represented Britain at the Venice Biennale, along with Joe Tilson, Bernard Meadows and Roger Hilton. In 1960, he married Elizabeth Gowlett and they had two sons and one daughter.
His most famous artworks consisted of pictures assembled from newsprint and fragments of advertisements on paper, which he collected from the streets with his wife, and which were then worked up into collages often of fine delicacy and quite subtle shades. Some of his later works also used string, wood shavings, chalk and paint.
"Gwyther Irwin's latest collages...are evidently miracles of patient assembly...they set out to achieve the subtlest and slowest possible shifts in tonality from umber darkness to creamy light and back again. The patience, the subtlety, the muted gradations of every effect combine to produce an atmosphere of studied beauty." (The Times, 18 September 1959)
In the 1960s he taught at art schools in Hornsey, Corsham and Chelsea before becoming head of fine art at Brighton polytechnic between 1969-84.

</doc>
<doc id="19941392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941392" title="Eddy Gragus">
Eddy Gragus

Eddy Gragus (Feb. 15, 1968, Cleveland, Ohio) is a former professional cyclist. In 1994 he won the Tour of Yugoslavia as an amateur. In 1996 he won the USPRO National Road Race Championships, and a stage on the Tour of China. In 1999 he won the USPRO Saturn Tour. He raced professionally for the Montgomery Bell Professional Cycling Team and U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team among others.
Amateur Cycling career.
Eddy began racing bicycles during his senior year in high school in Tampa, Florida. In 1991, aged 22, he moved to France and raced as an elite amateur throughout Europe. In 1994 he won the Tour of Yugoslavia.
Professional career.
Eddy turned professional in 1995 with the Montgomery Bell Professional Cycling Team under his formative coach, Eddie Borysewicz. In his first year as a professional he won the second stage of the Tour of Poland, holding the leaders jersey until the penultimate stage when a crash left him 10th on the GC. In 1996 the team changed title sponsors and became the U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team, which subsequently became known as the Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team. In his second year as a professional Eddy won the biggest one-day event on the US Professional calendar, the USPRO National Road Race Championships in Philadelphia, PA. He also won a stage on the Tour of China. Outside Magazine Online ran daily journal entries from Eddy's first grand tour, the 1997 Vuelta a España - (See below).
Eddy raced for US Postal for 1997 and went on to race for several other Professional teams such as Oil-Me, Ikon-Lexus, Jelly Belly and Sierra Nevada. In 1999 he won the USPRO Saturn Tour. 
In 2003 he won the Descente Boulder Criterium with the Trek-VW team.
Palmares.
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
Personal life.
Since retirement Eddy has married and become a Corporate Tax Analyst and resides in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="19941406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941406" title="Madhavaram Milk Colony">
Madhavaram Milk Colony

Madhavaram Milk Colony () is a locality under the administrative control of Madhavaram municipality in Thiruvallur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Madhavaram Milk Colony is basically a small habitat of 5000+ population in the northern outskirts of Chennai . Due to the set up of first co-operative milk producing union Aavin of Chennai, this place was called as Madhavaram Milk Colony.
A pharmacy major - Retort Laboratories and Herbal Soap manufacturer - Medimix also have their presence here. In addition, the palm project and horticulture society have their presence here. Domestic animals park inside the Milk colony is an attraction for Kids in and around Chennai.
Location and Surroundings.
Madhavaram Milk Colony, most often called as(mmc)or palpannai is a Northern Suburb of Chennai city. It borders Kodungaiyur to the east, Madhavaram to the west, Moolakadai to the south, Mathur MMDA to the North. The main thoroughfare in the area is the Milk colony Road.
Though this place is very close to the Chennai city limit(corporation ruled areas), this place is probably the most calm, cool and segregated from the busy urban life. The natural surroundings here display a rural like atmosphere. Right from the main gate to the veterinary university campus, one can witness lots of trees (particularly palm trees) and cattle sheds on both sides of the road, replicating a typical village atmosphere.Now madhavaram milk colony is a locality and one among the 200 wards in the extended chennai corporation.Madhavaram falls under ZONE 3 in chennai corporation.
Transportation.
Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) runs passenger buses to Madhavaram Milk Colony from other major parts of the Chennai city.Though there is no origin or destination service from/to Madhavaram Milk Colony, Good number of buses passes through Madhavaram Milk Colony. Some of them are:
Educational institutions.
Madhavaram Milk Colony has a good number of educational institutions.
Some of the colleges/universities/Institutes are:
Most famous schools are:
Hospitals and health care
Neighbourhoods.
Most notable neighbourhoods in Madhavaram Milk colony are 
Madhavaram Milk Colony is just 7 km from Perambur and 11 km from Annanagar and 10 km from Tiruvotiiyur. The nearest railway station is Perambur and Chennai Central at just 6 km.
Aavin.
Madhavaram Milk Colony is proud to be the Tamil Nadu Co-operative milk producers' Federation Ltd's first dairy in Chennai. Started in the year 1992, this unit is the central dairy of Aavin with a capacity of 3.0 LLPD. This Dairy carry out Processing, Packing and Distribution of Milk and Milk Products as per HACCP, MMPO and NDDB Norms.
The Head Office of Tamil Nadu Co-operative milk producers' Federation Ltd. is located at Aavin Illam near to the Main gate.
Aavin park.
During the 1980s the Tamil Nadu cooperative milk federation was running in loss. As a part of initiative to implement the market of milk and milk products, the authorities decided to establish an ice cream parlour along with a park for children to play. The park consists of a small artificial lake along with a small fish pond
History.
The Madhavaram Milk Colony was established by Karmaverar K. Kamaraj,former chief minister of Tamilnadu in 1965 as a region for milk and milk producing people. It was under the period of whom a field called jersey field was established as cow field with at least 200 license holders. Then he built residential area for those people and the area was named as madhavaram paalpannai. After many years lot of veterinary buildings and institutions were founded. Some of the highlighting are:
TANUVAS is the only university for veterinary studies in south Asia established under the period of M.Karunanidhi during the year 1996-2000

</doc>
<doc id="19941407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941407" title="A122">
A122

A122 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19941412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941412" title="Karl Andreas Larsen Vefring">
Karl Andreas Larsen Vefring

Karl Andreas Larsen Vefring (1822 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1865, representing the constituency of Nordre Bergenhus Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He was re-elected in 1871 and 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="19941420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941420" title="SLT 50 Elefant">
SLT 50 Elefant

The SLT 50 is a heavy duty tractor unit and tank transporter used by the German Army.
History.
To replace the first generation tank transporter then in use, as well as to be able to haul the armoured vehicles then in service (among them the Leopard 1 Main Battle Tank), the German Army asked Faun GmbH to develop a new all-terrain heavy tractor, and in parallel Krupp was asked to develop the tank transport semi-trailer.
The result was the SLT 50-2 tractor and the 52-ton SaAnh semi-trailer. The combination was first tested in 1971. The first production combination was delivered in April 1976. Some 324 were built up to 1979, in one series, by Faun (tractor) and Kässbohrer (trailer, under Krupp license).
To be able to cope with the newest versions of the Leopard 2 MBT, the vehicles were upgraded from 1994 to the standard SLT 50-3. This modernisation program was completed in 2000, and it is expected that the vehicles will be able to operate until 2015.
Specification.
SLT 50-2 tractor.
8x8 tractor.
52-ton SaAnh (Sattelhänger).
52-ton semi-trailer.

</doc>
<doc id="19941423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941423" title="Martin Halvorsen Vee">
Martin Halvorsen Vee

Martin Halvorsen Vee (1791 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1845, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Laurviks Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941430" title="Christen Andersen Vallesværd">
Christen Andersen Vallesværd

Christen Andersen Vallesværd (1797–1842) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the constituency of Nedenes og Robygdelagets Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941446" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Siskiyou County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Siskiyou County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Siskiyou County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19941455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941455" title="Depth–slope product">
Depth–slope product

The depth–slope product is used to calculate the shear stress at the bed of an open channel containing fluid that is undergoing steady, uniform flow. It is widely used in river engineering, stream restoration, sedimentology, and fluvial geomorphology. It is the product of the water depth and the mean bed slope, along with the acceleration due to gravity and density of the fluid.
Formulation.
The use of the depth–slope product — in computing the bed shear-stress — specifically refers to two assumptions that are widely applicable to natural river channels: that the angle of the channel from horizontal is small enough that it can be approximated as the slope by the small-angle formula, and that the channel is much wider than it is deep, and sidewall effects can be ignored. Although it is a simplistic approach to find the shear stress in what can often be a locally unsteady fluvial system, when averaged over distances of kilometers, these local variations average and the depth–slope product becomes a useful tool to understand shear stress in open channels such as rivers.
Depth and hydraulic radius.
The first assumption is that the channel is much wider than it is deep, and the equations can be solved as if the channel were infinitely wide. This means that side-wall effects can be ignored, and that the hydraulic radius, formula_1, can be assumed to be equal to the channel depth, formula_2.
where formula_4 is the cross sectional area of flow and formula_5 is wetted perimeter. For a semicircular channel, the hydraulic radius would simply be the true radius.
For an approximately rectangular channel (for simplicity in the mathematics of the explanation of the assumption),
where formula_7 is the width (breadth) of the channel, and
For b»h,
and therefore
Formally, this assumption can generally be held to hold when the width is greater than about 20 times the height; the exact amount of error accrued can be found by comparing the height to the hydraulic radius. For channels with a lower width-to-depth ratio, a better solution can be found by using the hydraulic radius instead of the above simplification.
Pressure.
The total stress on the bed of an open channel of infinite width is given by the hydrostatic pressure acting on the bed. For a fluid of density formula_11, an acceleration due to gravity formula_12, and a flow depth formula_2, the pressure exerted on the bed is simply the weight of an element of fluid, formula_14, times the depth of the flow, formula_2. From this, we get the expression for the total pressure, formula_16, acting on the bed.
Shear stress.
In order to convert the pressure into a shear stress, it is necessary to determine the component of the pressure that provides shear on the bed. For a channel that is at an angle formula_18 from horizontal, the shear component of the stress acting on the bed formula_19, which is the component acting tangentially to the bed, equals the total pressure times the sine of the angle formula_18.
In natural rivers, the angle formula_18 is typically very small. As a result, the small-angle formula states that:
The tangent of the angle formula_18 is, by definition, equal to the slope of the channel, formula_25.
From this, we can arrive at the final form of the relation between bed shear stress and depth–slope product:
Scaling.
Assuming a single, well-mixed, homogeneous fluid and a single acceleration due to gravity (both are good assumptions in natural rivers, and the second is a good assumption for processes on Earth, or any planetary body with a dominant influence on the local graviational field), the only two variables that determine the boundary shear stress are the depth and the slope. This is the significance of the name of the formula.
For natural streams, in the mks or SI system (units of pascals for shear stress), a typical useful relationship to remember is that:
for water with a density of 1000 kg/m3 and approximating the acceleration due to gravity as 10 m/s2 (the error in this assumption is typically much smaller than the error from measurements).
Uses.
Bed shear stress can be used to find:

</doc>
<doc id="19941456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941456" title="Jens Johan Vangensten">
Jens Johan Vangensten

Jens Johan Vangensten (6 September 1766 - 8 February 1837) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Fet and died in Christiania.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1815, representing the constituency of Akershus Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941475" title="Georg Wallace">
Georg Wallace

Georg Wallace (1804–??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1851, representing the constituency of Bergen. He worked as a baker there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941487" title="Lithuania national basketball team at Beijing 2008">
Lithuania national basketball team at Beijing 2008

Winning the third place game at Eurobasket 2007 against Greece allowed Lithuania to qualify for the Olympic basketball tournament at Beijing 2008 without competition at 2008 Pre-Olympics Tournament. The Lithuanian men's basketball team came in fourth place after being beaten by Argentina's basketball team, 87-75.
2008 Olympic tournament roster.
Lithuanian basketball team started its preparation for the Olympics at the end of June, 2008. After couple of training camps and preolympic friendly matches the national team was selected.
Candidates that didn't make for the final team:
Olympic games.
Group Stage
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Bronze medal game

</doc>
<doc id="19941513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941513" title="Négra Lock">
Négra Lock

Négra Lock () is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi near the village of Villefranche-de-Lauragais in Languedoc, France. There is a small chapel at the lock and also a small red-brick aqueduct which carries the canal over the Thésauque, a tributary of the Hers.
Négra Lock is at an altitude of 166m and is ascending when travelling west - east. The adjacent locks are Laval Lock to the east and Sanglier Lock to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19941524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941524" title="Gotham Book Mart">
Gotham Book Mart

History.
The store was opened January 1, 1920 by Frances (Fanny) Steloff. Steloff's husband, David Moss, suggested both the store's name and its "Wise Men..." motto, which was inspired by Washington Irving. Steloff nurtured the store as a literary sanctuary for the avant-garde, distributing copies of the banned "Lady Chatterley's Lover", Henry Miller's "Tropic of Cancer", and safeguarded Anais Nin's books when she fled Paris. Under Steloff's oversight, the store became a meeting place for the literati and 20th century cultural icons, essentially serving as a literary salon. 
In February 1947, the James Joyce Society was founded at the Gotham with its first president, John Slocum (a Joyce bibliographer) and Steloff was its first treasurer. The first member was T.S. Eliot.
The success of the store was partly due to Steloff's demanding nature and attention to quality, as well as business acumen. Steloff lived in an apartment above the store and later sold it in 1967 to book lover Andreas Brown. Upon selling the store to Brown, Steloff told him that he was not the owner, but the caretaker or custodian. Steloff continued working at the store as a consultant after selling it.
Arthur Miller said that the store was an invaluable source of books "...for research of all kinds, and perhaps above all for literature that is more than a few months old. It's impossible to imagine New York City without it." The director Woody Allen, a frequent customer of film books at the shop, once referred to it as "everyone's fantasy of what the ideal bookshop is."
After Steloff died in 1989 at age 101, Brown moved into the apartment above the shop, living there until later selling the building. 
The shop was full of photos of the authors and other notable figures who frequented it, as well as signage and other visual puns that were full of literary humor and references, such as the names of Steloff's and Brown's cats: Thornton (Wilder), Christopher (Morley), Mitchell (Kennerley), and (Thomas) Pynchon. A great deal of the shop's inventory was in storage unavailable to the general public, as the proprietors obtained stock from literary estates, general overflow stock, and other books set aside for future sale after appreciating. Brown sometimes referred to book storage cellars as "the catacombs".
The Gotham was credited for promoting and building the success and career of the author Edward Gorey. Gorey and Brown became friends, so the store favored Gorey after Brown assumed ownership. The store became the commercial flagship of Gorey's works, selling his books, calendars, greeting cards, t-shirts, and other products. The store published 15 of Gorey's books and the store gallery hosted exhibitions of Gorey's illustrations, as well as public signings by the author. Brown was named as one of the coexecutors of Gorey's estate, after he died in 2000.
The history of the store is covered in the documentary film, "Frances Steloff: Memoirs of a Bookseller", directed in 1987 by Deborah Dickson.
The building.
The building that housed the Gotham Book Mart for the longest period of its existence was purchased by Miss Steloff from Columbia University in 1946 for $65,000. Somewhere in between, after selling the store to Andreas Brown, Steloff donated the building to the American Friends of the Hebrew University Foundation with the proviso that they give Brown the option to later buy it back at $1,000,000. In 1987, Steloff filed suit to enforce the intended proviso, and the two parties apparently settled. In 1988, Andreas Brown bought the building back from them for $1,000,000.
In 1995, Joanne Carson (2nd wife of Johnny Carson) filed suit against Brown, alleging she had loaned him $640,000 in 1988 and 1991 to purchase and repair the building, and she wanted her money returned with interest. Carson had apparently become acquainted with Brown through their mutual friendship with Truman Capote. Brown and Carson met after Capote's death while Brown was appraising Capote's papers. In 1997, the suit was settled, with Brown agreeing to pay her back $1.4 million by February 28 of the year 2000.
In 2001, Brown put the five-story town house building up for sale with an asking price of $7.9 million. In 2003, the building was sold for $7.2 million to Boris Aranov, who also owned another adjacent building.
Brown reopened the store under a slightly new name, "The Gotham Book Mart & Gallery", in 2004 just a few blocks away at 16 East 46th Street in the store space previously occupied by the H. P. Kraus rare books store. Leonard Lauder, a cosmetics industry billionaire and executive of Estée Lauder Companies, and Edmondo Schwartz, a real estate developer, arranged to buy the building for $5.2 million in order to assist the Gotham and Brown by leasing it back to him. In 2006, the store fell behind in its monthly $51,000 rent, and the landlords initiated eviction proceedings. A judge authorized the city marshal to seize the inventory.
There were various stories for why Brown fell behind in the rent. According to him, he had recently endured three hernia operations and was struggling to save the store from closing by inventorying the over $3 million worth of books and posting them on the internet. In the months since the move from the previous location, the staff appeared to have failed to get any of the inventory online. By other accounts, he may have lost momentum after the transition of selling and moving from the old building, and he may have invested too much in more book inventory and paid employees too much. Other factors that could have been involved included the fact that Barnes & Noble opened a bookstore just around the corner from the Gotham, and also that general book-buying habits of consumers had shifted with the advent of the internet age.
The primary factors affecting the store appears to have been a combination of the rising rent for real estate in Manhattan, competition from book superstores, and Brown's mismanagement of the business—factors which influenced the closures of a number of other venerable bookstores during the same period.
On May 22, 2007, the city auctioned off the store's inventory to a small crowd each of whom had put down a $1,000 deposit in order to attend. Attendees included book collectors and other book store owners. Ultimately, the estimated $3 million worth of inventory was all bought up in one large lot for a bid of only $400,000 by the representative of the landlords.
The Gotham Book Mart Collection.
In late 2008, the University of Pennsylvania received over 200,000 items from the Gotham Book Mart's inventory as an anonymous gift. Penn will catalog the Gotham Book Mart Collection and make it available for teaching and research. Penn will also digitize materials from the Collection, and create public events such as lectures and exhibits based on its contents.
Major authors & celebrities linked to the store.
Many notable authors, celebrities, and major figures involved in publishing were customers of the store and friends with the owners and staff. The Nobel Prize committee in Stockholm was known to order copies of books from the Gotham when they were considering various authors for the prize.
Authors & celebrities who frequented and shopped at the store:

</doc>
<doc id="19941531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941531" title="Jonas Greger Walnum">
Jonas Greger Walnum

Jonas Greger Walnum (20 August 1771 - 10 March 1838) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Steigen. He married Else Maria Meyer Hersleb, and the couple had several children. Else Hersleb was the oldest sister of theologian Svend Borchmann Hersleb.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1824, representing the constituency of Nordlands Amt. He worked as a real estate owner there. He served only one term.
He died in 1838 in Alstahaug.

</doc>
<doc id="19941560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941560" title="Jay Waldman">
Jay Waldman

Jay Carl Waldman (November 16, 1944 – May 30, 2003) was a U.S. district judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and a former federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Pittsburgh, Waldman earned a bachelor's degree in history from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1966 and a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1969.
Professional career.
Waldman worked as a law clerk for a local judge in Pittsburgh from 1969 until 1970 and was in private practice in Pittsburgh from 1970 until 1971. He then served as an assistant U.S. attorney in Pittsburgh from 1971 until 1975. He moved to Washington, D.C. to become a deputy assistant U.S. attorney general from 1975 until 1977, and worked for the Thornburgh for Governor Commission in 1978. From 1979 until 1981, Waldman was counsel to Pennsylvania Gov. Dick Thornburgh, and from 1981 until 1986, Waldman was general counsel for the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. From 1986 until his 1988 appointment to the federal bench, Waldman worked in private practice in Philadelphia.
Federal judicial service.
On August 3, 1988, President Ronald Reagan nominated Waldman to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Despite the nomination occurring after the Thurmond Rule, the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee nonetheless processed Waldman's nomination, and he was confirmed by the full Senate on October 14, 1988.
Nomination to the Third Circuit under President George H.W. Bush.
On July 26, 1991, President George H.W. Bush nominated Waldman to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. However, with the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee controlled by Democrats, Waldman's nomination languished, and the committee never acted on the nomination before the end of Bush's presidency. President Bill Clinton chose not to renominate Waldman to the Third Circuit.
Nomination to the Third Circuit under President George W. Bush.
Just before his death in 2003, Waldman was expected to be renominated to the Third Circuit by President George W. Bush to replace Judge Edward Roy Becker. Waldman died about a month after being nominated, which was well before the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee had even begun to take up the nomination. Bush eventually wound up nominating Franklin Stuart Van Antwerpen to the seat.
Death.
Waldman went on an extended medical leave in January 2003 as he battled lung cancer. Waldman died on May 30, 2003 at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="19941593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941593" title="Ted McKenna">
Ted McKenna

Edward 'Ted' McKenna (born 10 March 1950, Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, Scotland), is a Scottish drummer, who has played with bands Tear Gas, The Sensational Alex Harvey Band (1972-77),Rory Gallagher, The Sensational Party Boys, and The Michael Schenker Group. He also toured with Ian Gillan for a short period in 1975 alongside fellow former SAHB bassist, Chris Glen. He worked as a music performance tutor at North Glasgow College from 1998-2009. 
McKenna was educated at St Patrick's High School, Coatbridge. His studies included Double bass lessons at school, several piano lessons, and a year under Glasgow big band veteran, Lester Penman. He has worked as a bandmember for several artists, including Rory Gallagher from 1978-1981. He additionally worked as a session musician with Greg Lake & Gary Moore in The Greg Lake Band 1980-81; the Michael Schenker Group in 1981-84; Bugatti & Musker, 1982; Ian Gillan; and a solo album for Nazareth singer Dan McCafferty, in 1975.
Ted also had his own band after his time in MSG called McKenna's Gold in 1988. No recordings or other information can be found on this. What we do know is that Julian Saxby played guitar with him, who was the guitarist to come in after Zal's departure from SAHB in 2007.
In 1992, Ted & Zal Cleminson decided to get together again and they put together an outfit called The Party Boys an idea Ted had in Australia whilst working with Womack and Womack. They had keyboardist Ronnie Leahy from Stone The Crows come in, and invited well known and respected rock singers to come up and do their thing. Singers such as Stevie Doherty, Fish, and Dan McCafferty to name a few. It wasn't before long that the band decided to get reunited with SAHB keyboardist Hugh McKenna and reform as SAHB. This line up included Stevie Doherty from Zero Zero & Peter Goes To Partick on vocal duties, and they released a live album titled 'LIVE IN GLASGOW 93' which is still regarded as one of the best live albums the band did as it shows both their technical abilities, and their 'rockier' spin on the SAHB classics. The band later disbanded in 1995 after a gig with Maggie Bell at The Pavilliaon Theatre in Glasgow.
In 2004, Ted again reformed SAHB with remaining members Zal Cleminson, Hugh McKenna, and Chris Glen, but this time introduced vocalist Max Maxwell, formally of The Shamen, which originally was to be a farewell tour, but with the success they received, the band decided to keep it together and do various other tours and festivals from 2004-2009. Some of the festivals the band performed were:
The Wickerman Festival & The Sweden Rock Festival in 2006
The Tours were:
2004 - Brick By Brick, 2005 - Zalvation, 2006 - Dogs Of War, 2007 - Hail Vibrania
In this time they also released a live album Zalvation (2004/05), which was the band's first official release since Rock Drill in 1977 with Alex. They also performed various tours across the UK, Europe, and Australia, as well as 2 successful sellout christmas shows in 2006 & 2007 at the ABC in their hometown of Glasgow. In 2008, Guitarist Zal Cleminson left the band and retired from performing altogether, and the band continued for a short spell with guitarist Julian Hutson Saxby before disbanding in 2009.
Although primarily known as a rock musician, Ted has also worked with jazz maestro John Etheridge, Juno Award-winning American/Canadian blues guitarist Amos Garrett and American soul duo Womack & Womack as well as Paul Rose, Gwyn Ashton, The Rhumboogie Orchestra, Frank O Hagan, and FISH. 
Ted is currently touring with Rory Gallagher bassist Gerry McAvoy and Dutch guitar virtuoso Marcel Scherpenzeel in "Band of Friends", a celebration of the music of Rory Gallagher. The band won 'Best Blues Band of 2013' at the European Blues Awards, and will shortly release a CD/DVD titled 'Too Much Is Not Enough'.
Band of Friends Website: http://www.bandoffriends.eu/ 
Band of Friends Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/GerryMcAvoys.BoF
Instruments.
1972 set-up
2013 set-up
Drum throne - Rock ’n’ Soc or Gibraltar

</doc>
<doc id="19941601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941601" title="Johan Bülow Wamberg">
Johan Bülow Wamberg

Johan Bülow Wamberg (15 May 1786 - 8 June 1852) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Hvideseid as the son of Nils Wamberg and his wife Sussanne Sophie Saxe. His father had migrated from Denmark to work as a district stipendiary magistrate. Johan B. Wamberg was to a large degree raised by politician and businessperson Niels Aall. He went on to found his own company in Skien. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827, representing the constituency of "Skien og Porsgrund". He served only one term.
Around 1830 he was appointed chief customs surveyor in Farsund. He moved to Flekkefjord in 1841 and Kristianssand in 1842, where he stayed until his death.
Wamberg married Hedvig Jørgine Flood, and the couple had eight children. After her death in 1840, Wamberg married Mathilde Petromine Cappelen. They had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19941607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941607" title="Arnt Arntsen Wang">
Arnt Arntsen Wang

Arnt Arntsen Wang (1791 - 1845) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, representing the constituency of Nordre Throndhjems Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941636" title="Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur Aktiengesellschaft">
Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur Aktiengesellschaft

Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur Aktiengesellschaft was a German chemicals company with headquarters in Offenbach near Frankfurt am Main. The company had its origins in a spice store founded in 1798 by Leopold Cassella. Later the company traded with dye. In 1870 a dye factory was founded. In 1925 Cassella merged into the new IG Farben. After World War II the company was reestablished as Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur AG and was acquired by Hoechst AG in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19941644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941644" title="Georg Reinholdt Wankel">
Georg Reinholdt Wankel

Georg Reinholdt Wankel (12 January 1843 - 1 February 1907) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Moss as the son of German-born engineer Ignatz Wankel (1806-1881) and his wife Karen Bolette Sandberg (1815-1898). In June 1869 he married Charlotte Sophie Rosenkilde from Stavanger. She died already in March 1870. In 1882 Wankel married Sigrid Ring, daughter of Jens Ring and granddaughter of Paul Vinsnes. They had several children. Among them were the acclaimed cubist painter Charlotte Wankel.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing the constituency of Smaalenenes Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941670" title="Smoking in Japan">
Smoking in Japan

Smoking in Japan, though relatively less restricted by law than in many other nations, has significantly changed in recent years. Tobacco use has been in constant decline since 1996 and the decline has been accelerating in recent years. Consumption of cigarettes in 2012 was 197.5 billion sticks, roughly 57% of the peak figure in 1996 and a number last seen in 1968. Similarly in 2012, the adult smoking rate was 22.1%, 33.7% of Japanese men and 10.6% of Japanese women; this is the lowest recorded figure since Japan Tobacco began surveying in 1965. Nevertheless, nearly 30 million people smoke in Japan, making the country one of the world's larger tobacco markets
History.
Until 1985, the tobacco industry was a government-run monopoly; the government of Japan is still involved in in the industry through the Ministry of Finance, which after a sell-off in March 2013, now owns only one third of Japan Tobacco's outstanding stock, and the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare, which is active in public health and other tobacco control policy making.
The Diet of Japan has many MPs who have interests in the tobacco industry and thus tobacco control legislation is uncommon.
Non-smoking areas are becoming increasingly common in Japan, in homes, offices, restaurants, pachinko parlors and public areas, even in fast food or family restaurants. Kanagawa Prefecture enacted Japan's first smoke-free public places ordinance in 2009 and Hyogo Prefecture followed with a similar law in 2012. All trains either have non-smoking cars or are completely smoke-free, as are many train stations platforms in urban areas.
Pricing.
A particular brand of cigarettes in Japan costs the same across all vendors, from cigarette machines to big supermarkets to corner shops. Bulk purchases are not discounted. As of 6 August 2013, the price of a typical pack of cigarettes went up from 410 to 440 yen.
Prevalence.
The smoking rate in Japan has been on the decline. A nationwide Internet survey published in 2006 by goo Research on the subject of tobacco showed 23.1% of respondents smoke every day. In 2008 the smoking rate of Japanese men dropped to a record low of 36.8 percent and the rate for women dropped to 9.1 percent.
Smoking bans.
Unlike in Europe and North America, where mandatory smoking bans apply in restaurants, bars, and public areas, smoking in Japan is amply restricted, but in accord with Article 25 of the nation's Health Promotion Act which merely urges smoking restrictions. Anti-smoking laws are common for crowded outdoor areas in urban settings and limited indoor bans have been enacted in Kanagawa and Hyogo Prefectures, but not nationally. Other restrictions are implemented by the choices of public and private property owners, managers, employers, etc.
Many of the wealthier wards of Tokyo, such as Shinjuku and Shibuya, are applying various kinds of anti-smoking laws. They have designated special smoking sections in areas and it is punishable by fine if caught smoking outside these areas. Chiyoda-ku banned smoking while walking on busy streets from November 2002, the first local government in Japan to do so.
Starting in 2007, Kyoto began designating certain city streets as non-smoking areas, and have since then been increasing the number of streets designated as such. In a 2010 report, Kyoto Prefecture stated that the major goal of their anti-smoking policies is "to ensure that there is zero chance for people to suffer from second-hand smoke in Kyoto prefecture."
Corporate policy.
Starbucks is one of the few service industry companies in Japan that entirely ban smoking in all its stores. McDonald's Japan plans to ban smoking at some of its stores following renovations, and banned smoking at its 298 restaurants in Kanagawa prefecture since 1 March 2010. Kentucky Fried Chicken banned smoking at one branch in Shibuya, Tokyo in July 2010.
Japanese women and smoking.
While a high percentage of men smoke, the rate for women has not risen much beyond 10 percent. Traditionally, Japanese women who smoked were considered unfeminine.
Since the mid-1990s, the number of female smokers has risen, among young women in particular. "The manufacturers were very successful in providing cool images to the consumers," says Ministry of Health and Welfare technical officer Yumiko Mochizuki, when asked to explain the steady rise in female smokers. "Until recently, the Ministry of Health and Welfare had an understanding that smoking was entirely up to the individual."
The government's advertising ban based on the "motherhood" argument was watertight until the tobacco industry was privatized in 1985. Advertising that encourages women to smoke is forbidden in Japan under a voluntary industry agreement. The industry group pledged to voluntarily honor the advertising ban and is charged with enforcing it. United States maker Brown & Williamson sells Capri cigarettes in Japan in slim white boxes with a flower-like design on the cover. R.J. Reynolds' Tokyo billboards for Salem's Pianissimo cigarettes are green-and-pink. Philip Morris advertised its Virginia Slims brand with the slogan "Be You" in an ad campaign.
Other factors contribute to the rise in female smokers. Some observers cite stress, saying that more Japanese women are smoking to relax as more enter the workforce. Others argue that smoking is one arena in which women can have equality with men. Media influence is also cited, as many women on popular Japanese television dramas smoke.
Cigarette vending machines.
Cigarettes can be bought in tobacco stores and at vending machines, and public ashtrays dot sidewalks and train platforms. The number of cigarette vending machines in Japan is estimated at 500,000 in 2002.
The law prohibits the smoking of cigarettes by persons under the age of twenty.
Taspo is a smart card developed by the Tobacco Institute of Japan, the nationwide association of tobacco retailers, and the Japan Vending Machine Manufacturers Association. Introduced in 2008, the card is necessary to purchase cigarettes from vending machines.
Japan Tobacco commissioned a series of over 70 public service announcement style "smoking manner" posters about smoking etiquette. The ads were displayed in a wide variety of formats ranging from placards in the subway to postcards to beverage coasters.

</doc>
<doc id="19941675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941675" title="Samuel Georg Simeon Wennberg">
Samuel Georg Simeon Wennberg

Samuel Georg Simeon Wennberg (1836 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1877, representing the constituency of Tromsø Amt. He worked as a merchant there, later police sergeant. He was re-elected in 1880 and 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="19941685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941685" title="Hans Gottfried Wang">
Hans Gottfried Wang

Hans Gottfried Wang (1795 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1851, representing the constituency of Tønsberg. He worked as a newspaper published there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19941688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941688" title="Amédée Gibaud">
Amédée Gibaud

Amédée (Aimé) Gibaud (5 March 1885, Rochefort-sur-Mer – 18 August 1957, Rochefort-sur-Mer) was a French chess master.
He won the French Chess Championship four times (1928, 1930, 1935, 1940) and won the French correspondence championship three times (1929, 1931, 1932). He tied for fourth/fifth at Ramsgate 1929 ("Premier A", William Gibson won).
Gibaud played for France in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924, and 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19941697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941697" title="Justin P. Wilson">
Justin P. Wilson

Justin Potter Wilson (born January 4, 1945) is an American lawyer and Republican politician who is currently Tennessee state Comptroller of the Treasury. He formerly was Tennessee deputy governor, was a federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, and has been an adjunct professor at Vanderbilt University Law School.
Early life and education.
Born in Oakland, California, in 1945, Wilson earned a bachelor's degree from Stanford University in 1967, a law degree from Vanderbilt University Law School in 1970, an L.L.M. in taxation from New York University in 1974, and a master's degree in criminal justice from the unaccredited Kennedy-Western University in 1995.
Career.
Private practice of law.
Wilson is a member of the bar in the states of Tennessee and New York. He practiced law with the Nashville law firm of Waller, Lansden, Dortch & Davis from 1976 until 1996. He rejoined the firm in 2003 and resigned in 2009 when he became state comptroller.
Government service.
From 1996 until 2003, Wilson was deputy governor to Tennessee Governor Don Sundquist, in which position he was the governor's chief policy advisor. He also served as a commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation. 
As top policy advisor to Governor Sundquist, Wilson focused on environmental issues. He was honored as the state's Conservationist of the
Year in 1997. The Justin P. Wilson Cumberland Trail State Park was renamed in his honor in 2002 in recognition of his environmental work, which included cleanup of pollution in the Pigeon River and negotiating land donations from the Tennessee Valley Authority. He was named the Tennessee Conservation League’s “Conservationist of the Year” in 1997. He battled United States Environmental Protection Agency smog rules and toxic waste incineration at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and negotiated water allocation of the Tennessee River with the TVA.
On January 15, 2009, Wilson was elected Tennessee state comptroller by the Tennessee General Assembly.
Failed judicial nomination.
On March 20, 1992, President George H. W. Bush nominated Wilson to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit that became vacant after Judge Robert B. Krupansky assumed senior status. Wilson received a rating of "qualified" from the American Bar Association. Wilson's nomination languished in the Democrat-controlled U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, which never held a hearing. Wilson's nomination expired with the end of Bush's presidency. Several years later, Judge Karen Nelson Moore was confirmed to the seat to which Wilson had been nominated.
Professional activities.
Wilson is or was a member of the Financial Advisory Board of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and chairman of the Nashville Electric Board, Davidson County Metropolitan Health Board, Community Health Agency of Nashville and Davidson County, and the Committee of Visitors of the Blair School of Music of Vanderbilt University. He also has served as foreman of the Davidson County Grand Jury and as a member of the executive committee of Meharry Medical College.
Family.
Wilson is married to the former Barbara Engelhardt. They have four sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19941698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941698" title="Garlasco (disambiguation)">
Garlasco (disambiguation)

Garlasco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19941727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941727" title="Svyato-Dukhov Monastery">
Svyato-Dukhov Monastery

Svyato-Dukhov Monastery (Monastery of the Holy Spirit) may refer to Eastern Orthodox monasteries:

</doc>
<doc id="19941748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941748" title="Monastery of the Holy Spirit (Vitebsk)">
Monastery of the Holy Spirit (Vitebsk)

Monastery of the Holy Spirit (Sviato-Dukhov Monastery) is a female Eastern Orthodox monastery in Vitebsk, Belarus.
The monastery was founded in the 1380s by Duchess Uliana of Tver, wife of Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania. Algirdas ordered to construction of the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in this monastery. About 1392–1393, after Algirdas' death, Uliania took the vows of schema in her monastery.
From mid-17th century till 1839, the monastery was Greek-Catholic. In 1839, after cancellation of the Union of Brest, it was converted back to Orthodoxy and was soon shut down because of poverty. After the October Revolution the majority of the old monastery's buildings were destroyed.
The monastery was revived in 2001. At present, it owns one building.

</doc>
<doc id="19941752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941752" title="Saldarriaga">
Saldarriaga

Saldarriaga is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of El Marqués. It has 2451 inhabitants, and is located at 1895 meters above sea level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19941763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941763" title="Surface tension-driven nanoelectromechanical relaxation oscillator">
Surface tension-driven nanoelectromechanical relaxation oscillator

This page is a fragment, additional input from experts is wanted to fix any errors or add any relevant content to the article.
Description.
A surface tension-driven nanoelectromechanical relaxation oscillator or NEMRO for short, is currently the worlds smallest motor. Constructed from a 200 nanometer long nanotube, a pair of liquid indium spheres, one measuring 5 nanometers across and the other 15 nanometers across. Electricity flows across the nanotube from the large sphere to the smaller sphere causing the spheres to shuffle atoms between the large sphere and the small sphere making the larger sphere shrink and the smaller sphere grow. Then The two spheres touch, they instantly transfer the shifted mass back to the large sphere and both spheres return to their original size. The effect requires 20 microwatts of current and produces 10 nanonewtons of force in the direction of the mass transfer.
The rate of mass transfer is very fast. The rate is also variable, capable of ranging from kilohertz to gigahertz.
The motor works because of surface tension. Surface tension grows stronger with decreasing scale, with visible effects below 1 mm and at the nanometer scale, surface tension is more powerful a force than electromagnetism or gravity.

</doc>
<doc id="19941772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941772" title="Joey Thieman">
Joey Thieman

Joseph "Joey" Thieman is a retired American soccer midfielder who played three games for D.C. United in 1997.
Youth.
Thieman attended Bishop Denis J. O'Connell High School where he was a three year varsity soccer player. His senior season, he was the 1989-1990 Gatorade Virginia High School Player of the Year. He was inducted into the school’s hall of Fame in 2006. He then attended Princeton University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1990 to 1994. His freshman season, he was the Ivy League Rookie of the Year. He finished his career with 14 goals and 25 assists He was also a 1992 first team and a 1993 second team All American. He graduated in 1994 with a bachelors degree in history.
Professional.
After graduation, Thieman moved to Belgium to pursue a professional career with R. Charleroi S.C. On February 2, 1997, D.C. United selected Thieman in the third round (thirtieth overall) in the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft. He played three games for United before being waived on June 27, 1997. In 2001, he played for the San Francisco Scots in the San Francisco Football League Premier Division.
In 2000, he earned his law degree from the Santa Clara University School of Law and after passing the California State Bar was hired by Doty, Barlow, Britt & Thomas LLP, where he is currently an associate. He continues to play in adult soccer leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="19941773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941773" title="Chichimequillas">
Chichimequillas

Chichimequillas is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of El Marqués. It has 3717 inhabitants, and is located at 1970 meters above sea level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19941774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941774" title="Indian Institute of Technology Mandi">
Indian Institute of Technology Mandi

Indian Institute of Technology Mandi (IIT Mandi) is an engineering and technology higher education institute located in Mandi. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011 which declares these eight IITs as well as the conversion of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University to IIT. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012.
IIT Mandi is mentored by IIT Roorkee, which hosted the first batch of students. Presently, IIT Mandi functions from transit campus at Mandi town in Himachal Pradesh. Permanent campus (about 12 km from historic city of Mandi) is under construction along Uhl River (a tributary of River Beas) at Kamand, Mandi. The institute admits students into various B.Tech., M.S, and Ph.D. programs (as of 2012). Timothy A. Gonsalves joined as Director of IIT Mandi on 15 January 2010. R. C. Sawhney is serving as Registrar of IIT Mandi.
History.
The laying of the foundation stone at Kamand, the site for the permanent campus of IIT Mandi, took place on 24 February 2009. IIT Mandi was registered as a society in Uttarakhand on 20 June 2009. Admission of the first batch of students took place in July 2009, and classes started in IIT Roorkee, the mentoring IIT, in 27 July 2009. The transit campus at Government Post graduate College, Mandi was handed over by the Himachal Pradesh Government 16 November 2009.
Campus.
The permanent campus is about from Mandi town. The location is in the forested hills of Kamand on the banks of the Uhl, a tributary of River Beas. A total of of land has been allocated for the campus by the government of Himachal Pradesh.
The sites allocated for the use of IIT Mandi transit campus are located within the Mandi town, They are
IIT Mandi, the youngest of all IITs, has shifted residential and academic facilities on the main campus. On September 23, 2012, a batch of 108 B.Tech 2nd year students, along with few research scholars shifted to the main campus. About 20 faculty members, staff and their families, besides a few research scholars, have accompanied them to the Kamand Campus. The permanent campus of IIT Mandi in Kamand is operational and some sites in Kamand are 
Academics.
With a vision, to be a leader in science and technology education, knowledge creation and innovation, in an India marching towards a just, inclusive and sustainable society. IIT Mandi conducts various programs including bachelor's degree in Technology, It also offers postgraduate level programs like Master of Science. Finally, it also offers a Ph.D. program for cutting edge research in basics sciences such as chemical sciences, physical sciences as well as in disciplines of engineering.
The academic year is organized between two semester a year. IIT Mandi follows a 10 point CGPA scale, with a rigorous examination procedure consisting of two mid-semester examinations called Quizzes and an end-semester exam. Apart from that, the courses may involve short projects, term-papers, self-study assignments, tutorilas and regular surprise quizzes.
IIT Mandi offers B.Tech programmes in 3 disciplines.
Like all the other IIT's admissions to these programmes is done through Joint Entrance Examination (JEE), which is jointly conducted by the IIT's.
IIT Mandi also offers M.S in fields of sciences and engineering. The candidate must have a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering / Technology or Masters degree in appropriate Sciences with valid score in GATE/NET or equivalent national level examination or GRE in appropriate discipline.
IIT Mandi also offers Ph.D programme in the field of engineering and basic sciences. To be eligible for admission process, the candidate must have a Master’s degree in sciences with a good academic record and a valid GATE score or UGC/CSIR NET/ Master’s degree in Engineering/Technology with a good academic record/ B. Tech degree of any IIT with a minimum of CGPA of 8.0 on a 10.0 point scale or with a valid GATE Score or B. Tech. / B.E degree of any recognized University in India with a minimum CGPA of 8.0 on a 10.0 point scale or equivalent with valid GATE score.
Schools.
The Institute primarily consists of Faculty, Project Associates and Students divided across several schools. Currently there are four schools operational in IIT Mandi.
Students.
Student activities have been distributed into three broad categories, technical, cultural and sports. Technical societies include robotics, information management group, web development team and electronics club. Cultural societies include dramatics, choreography, music section and program management.
Exodia.
See also: Exodia
Exodia is the annual technical cum cultural fest of IIT Mandi. It is a three-day long event held towards the start of March. It is one of biggest event of Himachal Pradesh, which gathers a lot of crowd from schools and colleges of North India. Started in 2012 by bunch of enthusiast IITians, it is a student-run non-profit organization which caters primarily to the youth. Exodia '12 and Exodia '13 were set in the transit campus of IIT Mandi. Exodia'14 is proposed to be in permanent campus.
Exodia '12 was organised from February 11-13. Events like The Dalal Street(Virtual stock market game), Junkyard Warz and Nitro-Blaze(Clash of miniature racing cars) turned out to be attraction. Exodia '13 was organised from 1-3 March. Around 550 students took part in the fest from the reputed technical institutes from all over India like IIT Kanpur, IIT Ropar, IIIT Hyderabad, BITS Goa and so on. The band of ex-euphoria member, EKA; Kathak performance by Monisa Nayak, Mr and Ms. Exodia and musical show by you tube artistes were some of the highlights of the fest. Cultural events like Band Slam, Alap, Instrumania, Big Stink, Envision(Documentary-aking contest), Synchronians (group dance) and Groove fanatics (solo dance) featured in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19941777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941777" title="Patrick Ball">
Patrick Ball

Patrick Ball (Born June 26, 1965) is a scientist who has spent more than twenty years conducting quantitative analysis for truth commissions, non-governmental organizations, international criminal tribunals, and United Nations missions in El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, South Africa, Chad, Sri Lanka, East Timor, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Kosovo, Liberia, Perú, Colombia, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Syria. As executive director of Human Rights Data Analysis Group, he assists human rights defenders by conducting rigorous scientific and statistical analysis of large-scale human rights abuses. Dr. Ball served as an expert witness in testimony at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia against Slobodan Milosevic, the former President of Serbia. He was also an expert witness for the Prosecution at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in Milutinović et al. (IT-05-87). In 2013 Dr. Ball provided expert testimony in Guatemala's Supreme Court in the trial of General José Efraín Ríos Montt, the de-facto president of Guatemala in 1982-1983. Gen. Ríos was found guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity; it was the first time ever that a former head of state was found guilty of genocide in his own country.
Dr. Ball is a Research Fellow at the Carnegie Mellon University Center for Human Rights Science. He received his bachelor of arts degree from Columbia University, and his doctorate from the University of Michigan.
Awards.
Dr. Ball received the Pioneer Award from the Electronic Frontier Foundation in 2005. He received the Eugene L. Lawler Award for Humanitarian Contributions within Computer Science from the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in June 2004. In 2002, he received a Special Achievement Award from the Social Statistics Section of the American Statistical Association. He is a Fellow at the Human Rights Center at Berkeley Law of the University of California, Berkeley; and a Visiting Fellow at the Institute for Democracy and Conflict Resolution (IDCR) at the University of Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="19941780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941780" title="Svend Borchmann Hersleb">
Svend Borchmann Hersleb

Svend Borchmann Hersleb (7 March 1784 – 12 September 1836) was a Norwegian professor of theology who also served one term in the Norwegian Parliament.
Personal life.
He was born in Alstahaug as the youngest son of Jørgen Sverdrup Hersleb and his wife Anna Svendsdatter Borchmann. He had several brothers and sisters. His sister Else married local businessman Jonas Greger Walnum.
Career.
Hersleb graduated from the University of Copenhagen as cand.theol. in 1807. He had befriended N. F. S. Grundtvig there, and stayed in Denmark after graduation to work as a teacher at the Metropolitanskolen. Following the foundation of the Royal Frederick University in Christiania was founded in 1811, Hersleb was hired as a lector in 1813. He became the first teacher in theology at the university, and together with Stener Johannes Stenersen, he is credited with founding the Faculty of Theology. Hersleb, who became professor in 1814, and Stenersen were the only academic staff at the faculty until 1832. Hersleb renaimed professor until his death.
Hersleb, noted as strongly orthodox, was among the founders of the Norwegian Bible Society in 1816. He was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827, representing the constituency of Christiania. He served only one term.
His friend N. F. S. Grundtvig named his son Svend Hersleb Grundtvig.

</doc>
<doc id="19941799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941799" title="Narva Oil Plant">
Narva Oil Plant

Narva Oil Plant (), a subsidiary of Eesti Energia, is a producer of shale oil from oil shale. It operates a commercial scale shale oil retorting plant, located in Auvere near Narva, Estonia. 
History.
The oil shale retorting plant (the UTT-3000 refinery) was built in the late 1970s next to the Eesti Power Plant to provide shale oil as a start-up fuel for the power plants. The plant was commissioned in 1980. Since beginning of 1990s, the oil plant operated as a part of the Narva Power Plants. In September 2007, the oil plant was separated from the power plants and the separate subsidiary of Eesti Energia was established.
Description.
The retorting plant consists of two modified Galoter type solid heat carrier retorts (Enefit retort)—both processing 125 tonnes per hour of oil shale. Main products are fuel grade shale oil, raw material for bitumen and antiseptics. The designed annual capacity of the plant is 220,000 tons of shale oil and 60 million cubic meters of retort gas.
New plant.
In May 2009, Eesti Energia announced that it plans to build a new shale oil plant adjacent to the existing plant with processing capacity of 2.26 million tonnes of oil shale per year. It would produce 290,000 tonnes of shale oil and 75 million cubic meters of oil shale gas per year. The cost of the new oil plant is approximately 3 billion Estonian kroons (€191.7 million, US$264.2 million). The construction was launched in the second half of 2009, and the new Enefit280 plant was commissioned in 2012. The first barrel of shale oil was produced in the new plant on 20 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19941803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941803" title="Indian Institute of Technology Indore">
Indian Institute of Technology Indore

Indian Institute of Technology Indore (IIT Indore or IITI), located in Madhya Pradesh, is an institute of national importance established by the Government of India in 2009. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011 which declares these eight IITs as well as the conversion of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University to IIT. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012.
The institution started functioning from 2009-10 in a temporary campus at Institute of Engineering and Technology of Indore University under mentorship of IIT Bombay.
History.
Mr.Arjun Singh, the HRD minister of India laid the foundation stone of IIT Indore on 17 February 2009 in its permanent campus located in Simrol, Indore, Madhya Pradesh. The first batch of IIT Indore graduated in the year 2013, and the institute celebrated its first Convocation Day on 8 June 2013.
Campus.
IIT Indore's permanent campus is spread over an area of about , on 17 February 2009 at Simrol, a location about 25 km from the city of Indore. However, construction was delayed for more than three years since a major portion of the land was not cleared by the forest department.IIT-Indore is still operating from the rented campus at IET building for which union ministry of human resources and development had sought extension till 2015. The reluctant Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya(DAVV) had permitted the institute to run from IET till December 2012 but had to consider letter of union ministry. In April 2012 it was announced that the land was transferred, along with funding, and so construction is soon to begin, expecting to be completed by 2015.
Mentorship.
IIT Bombay is the mentor of IIT Indore. To coordinate various activities in connection with the establishment of the new IIT at Indore, Devang Khakhar, Director of IIT Bombay, mentor director of IIT Indore set up a Cell comprising Convener and several senior Faculty of IIT Bombay. Pradeep Mathur has been appointed as the first director of IIT Indore.
Academics.
IIT Indore offers a 4-year Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) programmes in several engineering fields. Admission to these programmes is through the Indian Institute of Technology Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE), and students are admitted after completing 10+2 schooling.
The postgraduate programs at IIT Indore includes Ph.D. programmes in engineering, humanities and basic sciences.
Departments.
IIT Indore has three schools with over seventy faculty members including regular, visiting, adjunct and other faculty members on deputation from IIT Bombay. The three schools are:
Research.
IIT Indore plans to have world-class research programmes, as it evolves. The focus would also be on cutting-edge interdisciplinary research.Research Areas in the school of engineering are Algorithms and Theoretical Computer Science,Semiconductor Devices Physics and Technology, Si/SOI Technology Thin Film Technology, VLSI/ULSI Circuit and System Design, Biomedical Signal Processing, Manufacturing Process Selection and Process Parameters Optimization, Micro-machining and Nano-finishing Processes and so on.
Research Facilities.
The Nuclear Magnetic resonance spectrometer, Single crystal X-ray diffractometer, Time correlated single photon counting (TCSPC), Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry Total Internal Reflection Fluorescence Microscopy, Dual ion beam sputtering deposition (DIBSD) system, Spin Coater, Optical Surface Metrology System Profiler,
Student life.
Fluxus is the annual inter-collegiate cultural festival of IIT Indore, held in march/April. It consists of several competitions, informal events, workshops and showcases professional performances. It was started in 2011. A two-day workshop called Fluxus 2014, focusing on 'eyebotics', a branch of robotics, was held in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19941845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941845" title="Jack Zduriencik">
Jack Zduriencik

John A. “Jack” Zduriencik (; born January 11, 1951 in New Castle, PA) is the General Manager of Major League Baseball's Seattle Mariners.
Career.
Zduriencik began his career in professional baseball as a second baseman in the Chicago White Sox farm system. From 1973 to 1974, he spent time playing for both the Gulf Coast White Sox and the Appleton Foxes.
Following his playing career, Zduriencik spent several years as a coach for both baseball and football. His coaching tour included stops at Austin Peay State University (1975–77), Clairton High School (PA, 1977–80), and Tarpon Springs High School (FL, 1980–82).
Zduriencik returned to professional baseball in 1983. Successive roles involving scouting and player development comprised most of the next two-plus decades of his experience, as he spent time in the positions of:
Zduriencik was so successful in Milwaukee that many observers felt that he deserved a large part of the credit for the Brewers' eventual return to playoff contention in 2008. Brewers General Manager Doug Melvin praised Zduriencik's efforts when he was quoted as saying:
"No doubt about it, he deserves almost all the credit for the young players we have. The players he has drafted are making an impact at the big league level." 
In recognition of his success with the Brewers, Baseball America made Zduriencik the first non-GM to receive their Major League Executive of the Year Award in 2007.
In October 2008, following a dismal season and the firing of GM Bill Bavasi, the Seattle Mariners announced the hiring of Zduriencik as the franchise's new General Manager. Many critics hailed this as the correct move for an organization that had become the first team to ever lose 100 games while shouldering a player payroll of more than $100 million.
At an October 2008 press conference following his hiring, Zduriencik got right to the point in introducing his philosophy going forward in Seattle:
“I'd love to have guys with good makeup and good character, committed to the city and the ballclub. But, when all is said and done, talent wins.”
One of Zduriencik's first moves was hiring Don Wakamatsu, the first Asian-American manager in MLB history. Next, during the Major League Baseball Winter Meetings in Las Vegas, Nevada, Zduriencik made a remarkable three-team, 12-player trade that sent star closer J. J. Putz to the New York Mets as well as prospect second baseman Luis Valbuena to the Cleveland Indians but netted outfielders Franklin Gutierrez and Endy Chávez and first baseman Mike Carp, a prospect in the Mets' organization, as well as starting pitcher prospect Jason Vargas. During the beginning of spring training Zdurienck signed Mariners fan favorite Ken Griffey Jr. to a one-year deal.
After an 85-77 finish in 2009, Zduriencik's teams slumped to 61-101 in 2010, 67-95 in 2011, 75-87 in 2012, and 71-91 in 2013.
On December 7, 2013, Seattle Times columnist Geoff Baker wrote a scathing article about Zduriencik, quoting past employees to show that he is difficult to work with. He was accused of lying about knowledge of Josh Leuke's criminal past before a trade with the Tampa Bay Rays. He is also accused of lying on his original job application that he has a an advanced knowledge of and fondness for contemporary baseball Sabremetics of the Billy Beane mold, knowing that it would be beneficial in getting him hired.
Education.
Zduriencik earned a bachelor's degree in education at California University of Pennsylvania, followed by a master's degree in physical education at Austin Peay State University.
Personal.
Nicknamed "Trader Jack", Jack is married to Debbie Zduriencik. They have one daughter, Kimberly. He is also an alumnus of Sigma Tau Gamma fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="19941847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941847" title="Urecho">
Urecho

Urecho is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of Colón. It has 1,666 inhabitants, and is located at 2,100 meters above sea level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19941852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941852" title="1993 BMW Open – Singles">
1993 BMW Open – Singles

Magnus Larsson was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Ivan Lendl won the title, defeating Michael Stich 7–6(7–2), 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19941853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941853" title="Shaarey Shomayim">
Shaarey Shomayim

Shaarey Shomayim (Hebrew for "Gates of Heaven") may refer to a number of synagogues:

</doc>
<doc id="19941855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941855" title="Agua para el Pueblo">
Agua para el Pueblo

Agua para el Pueblo (APP) is an NGO that has been working in Honduras within the sanitation and water sector for over 20 years. 
Through a partnership with the Cornell University APP is managing the construction and technical support for the AguaClara project.

</doc>
<doc id="19941857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941857" title="Indian Institute of Technology, Jodhpur">
Indian Institute of Technology, Jodhpur

The Indian Institute of Technology Jodhpur (IIT Jodhpur, IITJ), is a public university located in Jodhpur in the state of Rajasthan in India. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011 which declares these eight IITs as well as the conversion of the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University to IIT. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012.
History.
IIT Jodhpur was first announced by the Central Government in July 2007, although the formal announcement came in 2008, with IIT Kanpur mentoring IIT Jodhpur. In July 2008, the first academic session of IIT Jodhpur began at the IIT Kanpur campus, with 109 undergraduate students in Computer Science Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering. The institute was sanctioned as an IIT for Rajasthan, and not Jodhpur in specific. It was after considering various cities, including Ajmer, Bikaner, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota and Udaipur that the Prof. Vijay Shankar Vyas led committee suggested Jodhpur as the location for the IIT in Rajasthan. In late 2009, the MHRD granted final approval for establishing the institute at Jodhpur.
A portion of the MBM Engineering College under JNV University, Jodhpur was identified as the location for the transit campus of IIT Jodhpur. In May 2010, classes of IIT Jodhpur were shifted from IIT Kanpur to the transit campus in Jodhpur. Construction of the permanent campus is under way.
Campus.
Permanent campus.
IITJ will be located about 12 km from Jodhpur city on National Highway 65 which connects Jodhpur to Nagaur. The site will cover of land around Jhipasni and Gharao villages. The construction of the fully residential campus of IIT Jodhpur started in late 2010.
The permanent campus is being built on a self-sustainable model, catering for its own energy and water requirements. Once completed, the campus will have academic and residential facilities for students, faculty and staff.
Location: IIT Jodhpur Permanent Campus 
Transit academic campus.
Until the construction of the permanent campus is completed, IIT Jodhpur will function from its transit campus, at the Department of Computer Science, MBM Engineering College. The transit campus is separate from the main campus of MBM Engineering College. The transit academic campus has 20 labs, with six classrooms of 50-person capacity, and four classrooms of 200-person capacity. Two of the four large classrooms have networking and video conferencing facility to facilitate remote lectures.
The academic campus sports facilities include basketball, football, cricket and volleyball.
Location: IIT Jodhpur Temporary Campus 
Transit residential campus.
IIT Jodhpur has set up its transit residential campus at Kendranchal flats on New Pali Road, Jodhpur. Faculty and students reside in the transit residential campus, which has a mess and a health center. It has courts for outdoor and indoor sports. There is a computer center and library annexure.
The residential campus is connected to the academic campus by institute buses which run at frequent intervals.
Academics.
For undergraduates, IITJ offers B.Tech programmes. Admission to these programmes is through the Joint Entrance Examination, after completing 10+2 schooling. Postgraduate and Ph.D programmes are structured around Centres of Excellence (CoE) of the institute, the Centre of Excellence in Energy, in Information and Communication Technology, Biologically Inspired Systems Science and in Systems Science.
Research.
At IIT Jodhpur sponsored research and development programs will be carried out in Centers of Excellence in the areas of information, communication, energy sectors, systems science technology for health care, economics of policy reforms, and liberal arts and social sciences. The French government has shown an interest in helping IIT Jodhpur to develop its research and academic institute. Accordingly, IIT Jodhpur is forging alliances with French universities that will result in student and faculty exchange, internship in France and participation in joint research programs.
Infrastructure.
Library facilities.
The Central Library is functional in the camp office located in MBM Engineering College campus. It has around 5000 books and also subscribes to magazines. The library has access to e-journals from Elsevier's Science Direct and Springer Link. The library will shortly have a Library Management Software, so that an Online Public Access Catalogue is made available to users on their computer terminals via a campus-wide network.
Computing facilities and connectivity.
The institute has a Computer Centre, running on a gigabit LAN with a 1 Gbit/s internet bandwidth. It is the nucleus of all computing facilities for students and staff. The institute follows a policy of promotion of Free and Open Source Software. The academic area, as well as the residential campus, is connected by a Wi-Fi network, facilitating internet as well as intranet connectivity.
The Computer Center provides access to several licensed softwares like Matlab, Mathematica, Cadence, Mentor Graphic, Ansys, PSCAD, Solidworks etc. 802.11/b/g/n Wi-Fi is enabled in academic area and residential area, the Computer Centre will host a high performance computing cluster for scientific research.
Festivals.
IGNUS.
Official website of ignus is www.ignus.org
IGNUS brings to you four days of exaltation and promises to have you forget all your worries through its exhilarating Rock shows, liberating classical performances, modish fashion shows, brain-storming quizzes, a plethora of informals, nonstop DJ dance floors and lots more with a collective prize money worth more than 5 lakhs. The tech events range from Programming & Web-designing to Robotics & Electronics to Automobiles & Aero-modelling.These events scratch the young heads to come up with innovative designs and ideas and to prove that they deserve to be the ONE in their domain. Those to whom these all domains of technology are too geeky stuff, Ignus is not loose on that. There are Gaming Events, Business Events and Quizzards to recognize your real quest for perfection. Hold your adrenaline as you withstand the challenge with maestros of words flooded with thoughts and spontaneity, let your imagination run wild, get ready to exploit your intuitive skills. Groove to the enchanting tunes, there will be dance competitions both solo, group and also the most liked duet dances. Also there will be music competitions both solo and group and nerve thrilling competition–Clash of Bands between rock bands.
"Technical Events:"
"Cultural Events:"
VARCHAS.
Official Wabsite of Varchas is www.iitj-varchas.org
The inter-collegiate sports week of IIT Jodhpur which redefined sports is here to give you an adrenaline rush and to get you off your couch and onto the field. Encapsulating the very essence of Varchas are three simple words -VIGOUR VALOR VICTORY. Vigour which drives the body, Valour which sustains the mind and Victory which mentors one's pride.
"Sports Events:"

</doc>
<doc id="19941866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941866" title="Salih Uzun">
Salih Uzun

Mehmet Salih Uzun (b. 1970 Kocaeli, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and former and final leader of the Motherland Party (Anavatan Partisi, ANAP).
Biography.
Uzun was born in the northwestern Anatolian town of Gölcük in Kocaeli Province. He graduated from the Ankara University's Faculty of Political Sciences.
Salih Uzun was elected 7th president of ANAP at the party congress on October 26, 2008. He served as leader until October 2009 when Motherland Party was merged to Democratic Party. He is succeeded by Hüsamettin Cindoruk, who is the leader of Democratic Party. 
He is married and has a child.

</doc>
<doc id="19941870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941870" title="Rijad Delić">
Rijad Delić

Rijad Delić is a Bosnian volleyball player at the highest national level.
He played for Bosnia's most successful volleyball club OK Kakanj, in the team which achieved the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina national championship and the National Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina double in the 2003-2004 season and for the 2004-2005 national championship winning team and the national cup winning team in 2005-2006.
Prior to joining OK Kakanj Rijad Delić played for most of his career for OK Zenica in the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina (1996–2003). He played as Opposite.
See also.
Emir Bajramović, Almir Aganović, Ermin Lepić, Damir Bjelopoljak, Salih Fazlić

</doc>
<doc id="19941895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941895" title="Svend Borchmann Hersleb Vogt">
Svend Borchmann Hersleb Vogt

Svend Borchmann Hersleb Vogt (10 February 1852 – 4 February 1923) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Kristiania as the son of Nils Lorentz Vogt and his wife Karen Johanne Holmboe. His maternal grandfather was Hans Holmboe. He was a grandnephew of Even Hammer Holmboe and Leonhard Christian Borchgrevink Holmboe, and nephew of Jens and Hans Conrad Holmboe. He was named for professor of theology Svend Borchmann Hersleb.
He finished his secondary education in Kristianssand in 1869 and graduated as cand.jur. in 1873. He worked as a law clerk for the district stipendiary magistrate of Nordmøre from 1874, and was hired as a lawyer in 1876. In 1882 he started his own law firm, and gained access to Supreme Court cases. He was a presiding judge in Borgarting from 1902, having held the position on a non-permanent basis since 1895. Parallel to this he had worked in the Office of the Auditor General of Norway. From 1898 to 1923, the year of his death, he chaired this office as Auditor General of Norway.
He was a member of Kristiania city council for an unknown period. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the terms 1892–1894 and 1904–1906, representing the constituency of "Kristiania, Hønefoss og Kongsvinger". From 1904 to 1905 he met as a regular representative, covering for Francis Hagerup who was Prime Minister. Vogt was also a member of public committees, including a "Commission on treatment of dangerous lunatics".
Svend Borchman Hersleb Vogt had several children.

</doc>
<doc id="19941911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941911" title="Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar">
Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar

Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar is an "engineering and technology" higher education institute, located at Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011 which establishes the eight new IITs as well as declares IT-BHU as Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University), Varanasi. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012. It started functioning from the campus of IIT Kharagpur on 23 July 2008 and shifted its operation to the city of Bhubaneswar on 22 July 2009.
The institute admits students into B. Tech, M. Tech and Ph.D. programs. The classes are held in Bhubaneswar city. The academic session begins in July each year. Madhusudan Chakraborty is the director of IIT Bhubaneswar since 2009, succeeding acting director, Damodar Acharya.
History.
Earlier controversy.
Establishing an IIT in Odisha was a long standing demand for several decades. As the state ranked at the bottom in terms of centrally funded academic and research institutions, there were strong allegations of Congress led central government neglect. There were several incidents of protest, both locally in Odisha, the National Students Union of India (NSUI), and eminent nonresident Indian academics. An organization called Agamee Odisha was formed, that spearheaded mass agitation throughout the state. There also have been stray incidents of violence related to the issue of Odisha's neglect. Politicians including the Chief Minister of Odisha, Naveen Patnaik, cast this festering issue as a sign of severe neglect of the state by the UPA government in New Delhi. In May 2007, this became a major issue in the Indian parliament. The opposition NDA staged a walk-out in the Indian parliament, accusing the ruling UPA of neglecting the state's economic development. Sections of the media reported that the Congress party led UPA government had been embarrassed by this issue.
Eventually, the HRD minister Mr. Arjun Singh relented, leading to the inception of IIT Bhubaneswar.
Establishment.
The birth of the Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar, came on the 60th anniversary of the country’s Independence on 15 August 2007 when Dr. Manmohan Singh, Prime Minister of India, made the announcement about the expansion of IIT system in the country. Further, the National Development Council of the Planning Commission, in its 54th meeting held on 19 December 2007, approved the proposal as part of the approval process of the 11th Five Year Plan (2007–12).
The actual birth of the Institute was announced by the Minster of Human Resource Development Shri. Arjun Singh in a press conference on 28 March 2008. The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Department of Higher Education, Government of India, vide its Order dated 9 May 2008 decided that IIT Kharagpur would mentor the setting up of this new IIT for 2–3 years. It was further decided that the Director of the mentor IIT i.e. IIT Kharagpur, would be the mentor Director of the new IIT pending selection of regular Director and the Chairman, Board of Governors (BOG) of IIT Kharagpur would also be the Chairman of the BOG of this new mentored IIT Bhubaneswar.
The Union Cabinet, at its meeting held on 17 July 2008 approved setting up eight new IITs including IIT Bhubaneswar at a cost of per IIT. The Cabinet also approved creation of the post of Director and Registrar along with 30 Faculty per year for each of the new IITs. It was also decided that that pending amendment of the Institute of Technology Act, 1961 for inclusion of IIT Bhubaneswar as an Institute of National Importance, the Institute would start functioning under aegis of Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar Society to be registered under the Societies’ Registration Act, 1860 (Act XXI of 1860).
Papers were filed on 19 July 2008 with the Registrar of Societies Odisha, Cuttack for registration of IIT Bhubaneswar Society and the society was registered on 22 July 2008.
IIT Bhubaneswar became the first amongst the eight new IITs to become operational with a sanctioned intake of 40 students each in the disciplines of Civil, Mechanical and Electrical Engineering. Classes for the first batch of students started from the campus of IIT Kharagpur at Kharagpur, the mentor Institute for IIT Bhubaneswar on 23 July 2008 with admission of 95 students. IIT BHUBANESWAR became an Institute of National Importance from 29 June 2012 with notification of Amendment in the Institutes' of Technology Act, 1961 by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, (Department of Higher Education)Government of India published in the Gazette of India dated 2 July 2012.
The process of selection of Faculty and the Registrar were initiated through issue of advertisement on all India basis. Shri Bata Kishore Ray from MHRD Govt. of India joined as the first employee and first Registrar of the Institute on 31 December 2008.
To finalise the site for the permanent campus of IIT Bhubaneswar, the MHRD had set up a Site Identification Committee under the Chairmanship of Shri Ashok Takhur, Additional Secretary to the Government of India which visited Odisha during 24–25 December 2008. After visiting four sites proposed by the Government of Odisha i.e. Banki, Ramdaspur in Cuttack district and Gayabandh and Jatni in Khordha district, the Committee recommended the site at Jatni. The recommendation of the Committee was approved by the Government of India on 13 January 2009. The Government of Odisha agreed to provide of land free of cost out of which had been given physical possession on 10 February 2009. The State Government also agreed to provide other facilities including a four-lane road from National Highway No.5 ( Kolkata-Chennai) to the IIT. Prof M Chakraborty, Deputy Director, IIT Kharagpur joined as the Director of IIT Bhubnaeswar on 19 May 2009. He took over the rein from Prof D. Acharya, the earlier Director of the Institute. IIT Bhubaneswar became operational in the city of Bhubaneswar on 22 July 2009 with shifting 2008 batch of students from IIT Kharagpur and admission of 117 new students in 2009. The Institute started functioning at IIT Kharagpur's Extension Centre built in 1998 in Bhubaneswar.
Campus and location.
Permanent Campus.
The Government of Odisha has allotted about 936 acres of land of Government land for permanent campus of the institute. In addition, the State Government is acquiring about 16 acres of private land at its own cost to make the land contiguous. The Foundation Stone of the permanent campus at Arugul, on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar was laid on 12 February 2009. Construction of 4-lane access road from the National Highway 5 and provision of water and electric supply to the campus by the State Government have made considerable progress. The Government of Odisha has also agreed to provide 75 acres of land along the Puri-Konark coastline to set up an Innovation Centre for Climate Change. The site near Jatni Railway Station on the East Coast Railway is 25 kilometres from Biju Patnaik Airport Bhubaneswar. The land is picturesque with Barunai Hill on one side and a reserve forest nearby. The ste is at 20° 10' N and 85° 42' E. A total of of land has been allocated towards the self-contained campus for 10,000 students and 1,100 faculty. A science park is being set up as a part of this institution to support industry oriented research activities. The institute is expected to start operating in its new campus at Aragul by the end of 2013. The campus construction began on 14 August 2011, Chief minister Naveen Patnaik inaugurated the IIT campus construction at Aragul village near Jatni.
Marine campus.
IIT Bhubaneswar is the first IIT to set up a separate marine campus in 2011 for conducting research in rising sea levels, ecology, disaster management, marine ecosystems, fishery development, and other areas. This campus, which will be a part of the School of Earth, Ocean and Environment Sciences, will be set up near Chilka lake. It will have educational facilities for undergraduate and postgraduate students.
Education hub.
Several other universities and research institutions are either present or being established in the vicinity, including AIIMS Bhubaneswar, NISER, XIMB, IIIT, one of the Indian government's proposed National Universities of international calibre, an AIIMS-like medical institution, and the Institute of Physics. NISER's campus is 2 km away from the IIT. Other institutions, such as Sri Sri University, premier law school National Law University Odisha, as well as the world's biggest academic institution, Vedanta University, will be in the neighboring places of Cuttack and Puri respectively. An advantage of this IIT is its location at Bhubaneswar, an emerging education hub, that is being promoted as an Information Technology Investment Region (ITIR) by the government. A total of 40 km2 of land has been allocated for the purpose, out of which about 60% will be devoted to research and development. An estimated will be invested by the Indian government within the next few years in order to develop the institute.
Connectivity.
The Odisha state government is constructing a four-lane expressway directly from the National Highway No. 5 (a part of the Golden Quadrilateral) to this new IIT for increased connectivity. Khurda Rd railway station is 4 km away from the campus, and the Biju Patnaik airport is 25 km away. A new international airport is being constructed even closer to the IIT campus at a distance of 12 km. Thus, IIT Bhubaneswar is the best connected between all the upcoming IITs, and better than some existing ones.
Surroundings.
Other advantages of IIT Bhubaneswar include the presence of major steel, power, petrochemical, and other heavy industries, major ports including the one at Paradip, as well as the emergence of Bhubaneswar as one of the IT hubs of the nation. Major tourist attractions include the Konark Sun Temple, Puri sea beach, Chilka lagoon, gorges, a waterfalls.
Organization.
Academics.
The academic programmes of Institute include B. Tech. (Hons.) in Civil, Electrical and Mechanical Engineering with an intake capacity of 40 each at the undergraduate level. The Institute started the Doctoral programme from the academic session 2009-10 and will offer admission to the joint M. Tech-Ph.D. Programme from July 2012. The Institute has broadly adopted the course curricula, syllabi and other academic regulations of IIT Kharagpur, the mentor institute.
The Institute has adopted the concept of Schools rather than Departments for promoting inter-disciplinary research. At present the following Schools offer academic programmes:
School of Basic Sciences.
The School offers Ph.D. program in Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics. The School is in the process of offering of Joint M. Tech-Ph.D. programme in Material Science & Engineering in association with other Schools to motivate researchers and scientists to build their career in academics and industries.
School of Humanities, Social Sciences and Management.
The School provides doctoral programmes in Economics, English, Sociology, and Psychology besides undergraduate teaching.
School of Mechanical Sciences.
Encompassing Mechanical, Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering, Materials Science, Aerospace Engineering, Naval Architecture; the School offers Undergraduate teaching in Mechanical Engineering besides Doctorate program in relevant fields.
School of Infrastructure.
The School offers undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, doctoral programmes in the area of Civil Engineering, Traffic & Transportation Engineering and proposes to foray into Architecture, Urban Design, Town Planning in future.
School of Electrical Sciences.
The School offers undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, doctoral programmes in the Area Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Instrumental Engineering, Computer Science.
School of Mineral, Metallurgical and Materials Engineering.
This new School is in the process of being set up to impart state-of-the-art education and training on both fundamentals and applied aspects of Metallurgical and Minerals Engineering relevant to the rich resources of metals and minerals in the region.
School of Earth, Ocean and Climate Sciences.
The School currently offers doctoral research avenues and is in the process of offering Joint M. Tech.-Ph.D. The programs have been designed to impart state-of-the-art education and training on both fundamental and applied aspects of Earth, Ocean and Climate Sciences. Recently renowned Indian scientist Prem Chand Pandey joined as a faculty in the School of Earth, Ocean and Climate Sciences .
Library.
The central library, which started functioning in January 2010, is a room with a collection of 23,000 text books. In addition, the mentor institute, IIT Kharagpur, provides IIT Bhubaneswar with access to its online resources such as e-databases, e-journals and abstract indexing services.
Hospital.
A well equipped healthcare facility for faculty and students is under construction.
Industrial consultancy.
IIT Bhubaneswar plans to interact with the industry. It encourages its faculty to provide paid technical consulting services to industry. As Odisha ranks among the top two states in India in receiving private investment, the state is poised for rapid industrial growth, creating a strong need for such partnership with research institutions. IIT Bhubaneswar is also trying to establish long-term tie-up with industries which could work with its students in institute’s facility center.
WMG, University of Warwick will help IIT-Bhubaneswar set up high-end research laboratories on its main campus. IIT-Kharagpur, the mentoring institute of IIT-Bhubaneswar, recently entered into a joint venture with the university in this regard.
Infrastructure.
Temporary Campuses.
Currently, the institute operates from a number of locations within the city of Bhubaneswar which include Extension Centre of IIT Kharagpur, Toshali Bhawan and Workshop cum Laboratory Complex near IIT Kharagpur Extension Centre for class rooms and laboratory facilities. Besides, the Institute is also receiving tremendous support from other institutes viz. Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology and Central Tool Room & Training Centre for laboratory and workshop facilitites, respectively.
Hostel & Housing.
Hostel facilities to students have been provided through a new 200 capacity Dr. A. N. Khosla Hall of Residence of IIT Kharagpur near its Extension Center. In addition, the Institute has hired around 60 HIG Flats at SBI Colony Kesura for additional hostel facilities for around 300 students. While the 3rd and 4th year male students have been accommodated in the A. N. Khosla Hall of Residence, all the girl students, research scholars and 1st and 2nd year students have been accommodated in SBI colony Kesura. The Institute has also provided housing facilitites to 40 faculty and staff.
Education.
Academic year.
The academic year is divided into two semesters, a spring semester and an autumn semester. Between these two regular semesters, the academic year also includes a shorter summer quarter, during which some courses are offered. The institution follows the credit-based system of performance evaluation. The credits allocated to each course depends on the total number of contact hours, including lectures, tutorials and laboratory sessions. Each course is usually worth three credits. The typical course load per semester is 21-24 credits for undergraduate students.
Undergraduate programs.
IIT Bhubaneswar presently offers undergraduate degrees in three technical disciplines.
B. Tech programs.
Undergraduate programs leading to the following degrees are being offered,
Integrated M. Tech Programs.
Integrated five year programs for undergraduate students leading to M. Tech degrees is offered by IIT Bhubaneswar to excel in research.
Admission.
Admission to these programmes is through the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE), taken by students seeking admission into the IITs after completing 12 years of schooling. As of 2010, the total undergraduate student intake every year is 120, with 40 students in each of the above disciplines. The plan is to have 2,500 students within 3–4 years, which will expand to 10,000 students within 15 years.
Curriculum.
The B. Tech. degree is based on a four-year program comprising eight semesters. The first year of the B.Tech. curriculum has common courses from various departments. At the end of the first year, an option to change departments is given to meritorious students on the basis of their performance in the first two semesters. From the second year onwards, the students take courses offered exclusively by their departments that are known as "depth courses". In addition to these, the students takes inter-disciplinary courses known as "breadth courses", including courses in humanities and social sciences, and management and information technology.
During the 7th semester, undergraduate students undergo co-curricular practical training in Indian industry.
Postgraduate programs.
Research is included as a component in the M. Tech level, while doctoral degrees are based on research.
M.Tech Programs.
Institute offers Joint M.Tech - Ph.D. programs in all its schools except for the Schools of Basic Sciences and Humanities, Social Sciences & Management.
Ph.D. Programs.
Institute has been admitting students into Ph.D. programs since 2009.
The following five schools admit Ph.D. students
Student life and Culture.
Societies.
The seven student societies are:

</doc>
<doc id="19941914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941914" title="Hanaharu Naruko">
Hanaharu Naruko

Career.
Naruko's career began in 2002 with the release of his first work, "Hitai" ("forehead"), in Comic Kairakuten. His first tankōbon collection of hentai manga, "Shōjo Material", was published by Wanimagazine on June 30, 2008, and scored a big hit, becoming the highest selling adult manga of 2008. 
Naruko also works in other fields. In 2005, he drew the manga adaptation of the popular anime, "Kamichu!", which was later translated into French. Naruko is the original character designer for the anime "Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet".
His work is characterized by mostly full-colored pages, realistically drawn characters, and vivid backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19941927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941927" title="Troitsky Markov Monastery">
Troitsky Markov Monastery

Svyato-Troitsky Markov Monastery (Holy Trinity Markov Monastery) is one of two modern monasteries in Vitebsk (second one is female Svyato-Dukhov Monastery).
Markov Monastery was founded in the 14th-15th century. A legend indicates that a certain Mark found a place to stay alone and built a chapel there. After he was joined by like-minded persons, who formed the monastery.
The monastery existed till 1576, after it was abolished and monastic Тrinity Church became a parish church. The monastery revived in 1633 by a duke Lev Oginski.
In the 12th century there were wooden Troitsky (Trinity) Cathedral and Pokrovskaya (Intercession) Church constructed in 1650 in the monastery. In 1656 Patriarch of Moscow Nikon presented to the monastery a wonder-working copy of Kazan Virgin icon.
In 1690 Pokrovskaya (Intercession) Church was burned down was reconstructed. In 1760 in this place the new preserved stone cathedral was constructed. Now it's covers to Kazan Virgin icon.
After October Revolution, in 1920 Svyato-Troitsky Markov Monastery was abolished afresh. All buildings except Kazan Cathedral of 1760 were demolished. Kazan church were the only Vitebsk church functioned in Soviet time. 
The monastery was revived 23 November 2000. Now it's situated at factory territory in the middle of factory buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="19941933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941933" title="Meyers MAC-145">
Meyers MAC-145

__NOTOC__
The Meyers MAC-125 is a light sport aircraft developed in the United States in 1947, produced in a small series as the MAC-145.
Design and development.
The basic design, common to both models, was that of a low-wing cantilever monoplane of all-metal construction with side-by-side seating for two in a fully enclosed cabin. The main units of the tailwheel undercarriage were retractable, and the tailwheel was steerable. The aircraft structure incorporated a framework built up of welded steel tube which extended lengthwise from the engine firewall to the rear of the cabin, and spanwise from one undercarriage well to the other. Around this framework was a conventional, monocoque fuselage. The MAC-125 was powered by a single 125-hp engine while the MAC-145 production model had a 145-hp engine instead and a larger tail fin.
The first prototype was lost during spin testing for certification while being flown by Al Meyers. Meyers parachuted to safety, sustaining a broken ankle, and although the aircraft was destroyed, its steel inner structure was salvaged and used to build the second prototype. Certification was subsequently successfully achieved with this aircraft.
Production and operations.
Only twenty MAC-145s were built, each to a specific customer order, a business strategy that insulated the Meyers company from the poor market conditions that bankrupted many small American aircraft manufacturers in the late 1940s. Production continued until 1955, and rights to the design were acquired by the Aero Commander division of Rockwell International in 1965 along with the rest of the Meyers company assets. The type was never produced by Rockwell, and the design again changed hands as part of the Meyers package when sold to Interceptor Corporation in 1968 and subsequently to Prop-Jets Inc in 1982. 
The MAC-145 type certificate was subsequently acquired by the Seminole Tribe of Florida, who flew a highly-modified version of the design in 1997 as the Micco SP-20.
Examples of Meyers-built MAC-145s are still active in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19941936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941936" title="List of cultural icons of Italy">
List of cultural icons of Italy

The List of cultural icons of Italy is a list of links to potential cultural icons of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19941943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941943" title="Apapátaro">
Apapátaro

Apapátaro is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of Huimilpan. It has 1141 inhabitants, and is located at 1970 meters above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19941967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941967" title="Valentin Valentinsen">
Valentin Valentinsen

Valentin Valentinsen (21 December 1861 - ??) was a Norwegian engineer and politician for the Liberal Party.
Born in Haugesund as the son of ship-owner Johannes Valentinsen, he took a technical education and started his career at a shipyard in Laksevaag. In 1887 he was hired as head of the machine department in a shipyard in Mykolaiv, nicknamed the "City of shipbuilders". In 1889 he went on to Jarrow, England, working as a machine constructor at the Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company Limited. He then traveled to Chicago in 1890 and to San Francisco and the Union Iron Works in 1890. He returned to Norway in 1893.
He was a member of Haugesund city council from 1904, serving as deputy mayor in 1907 and 1908 and as mayor from 1909. He was then elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1910 and 1913, representing the constituency of Haugesund.

</doc>
<doc id="19941974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19941974" title="Julia (daughter of Tigranes VI of Armenia)">
Julia (daughter of Tigranes VI of Armenia)

Julia was a Herodian Princess who lived in the 1st century and possibly in the 2nd century in the Roman Empire. 
She was of Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian and Persian ancestry. She was the daughter of the Herodian Prince, later King Tigranes VI of Armenia and his wife Opgalli. Her father in the spring of 58 was crowned as King of Armenia by Roman Emperor Nero in Rome and ruled there until 63. Julia had a brother called Gaius Julius Alexander, who was the Roman Client King of the Kingdom of Cetis. The Kingdom of Cetis was a small region in Cilicia.
Her paternal grandparents were the Judean Prince Alexander and his unnamed wife. Through her father, Julia was the great, granddaughter of Cappadocian Princess Glaphyra and Judean Prince Alexander. Julia was the great, great granddaughter of King Archelaus of Cappadocia, King of Judea Herod the Great and his wife Mariamne. Julia along with her brother and father were last the known descendants of the Kings of Cappadocia.
Little is known on Julia’s life. She was an apostate to Judaism. It is unlikely that Julia attempted to exert influence on Judean Politics. Julia at an unknown date married a Roman Senator called Marcus Plancius Varus. Varus was a prominent and wealthy Roman, who came from a distinguish family in Galatia and his family owned large estates in Galatia. Varus served as a Proconsul in Bithynia and later in Pontus during the reign of Roman Emperor Vespasian who ruled in the Roman Empire 69-79.
After Varus finished his time serving as a Proconsul, Varus and Julia settled and lived in Perga the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia. Julia became a priestess and served in the temple of the Ancient Greek Goddess Artemis in Perga. Artemis was the most important Goddess in Perga.
Julia bore Varus two children who were:

</doc>
<doc id="19942004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942004" title="Egmont Bight">
Egmont Bight

Egmont Bight is a shallow embayment at the southern end of the Encombe valley in Dorset, England. It is part of the Jurassic Coast.
Geology.
The bay exposes good sections of Upper Kimmeridge shale and mudstone, with some bituminous shale and some small calcareous nodules.
On foot the stony beach is only accessible at low tide by walking west around Egmont Point from the beach at Chapman's Pool. There is no safe route down from the clifftop coast path, across Houns-tout cliff, nor around the Freshwater Steps promontory at the beach's western end.

</doc>
<doc id="19942007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942007" title="Ola Bertelsen">
Ola Bertelsen

Ola Bertelsen (10 October 1864 – 26 November 1946) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Liberal Left Party.
Born in Haugesund as the son of a bricklayer, he enrolled as a law student in 1883 and graduated as cand.jur. in 1888. He worked as an attorney in his hometown, before being appointed chief of police in 1911. In 1917 he was appointed estate administrator. Finally, from 1921 to 1934 he worked as district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") of Karmsund.
He was a member of Haugesund city council from 1896 to 1898, later serving as mayor from 1904 to 1907. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1931–1933, representing the Market towns of Vest-Agder and Rogaland counties.

</doc>
<doc id="19942009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942009" title="Norwegian serfdom">
Norwegian serfdom

Norwegian serfdom can be a way of defining the position of the Norwegian lower class farmers, though they were not actually in serfdom by European standards. The evolution of this social system began about 1750.
Overview.
The system of Norwegian inheritance was based on a paternal line. Usually the younger sons got a share of the original farm, thus splitting it up in smaller homesteads. In the eastern parts of the country, and to some extent the mountain municipalities, the smaller homesteads still belonged to the main farm, and the lesser farmers were obliged to work the fields on the main farm as well as their own, in exchange for living there. This could lay heavy burdens on the smaller homesteads.
As time passed, the smaller homesteads passed from farmer to farmer, and the actual bonds between the families could be broken. In Hedmark, a main farm could govern up to ten smaller homesteads, spread around in the forests and fields connected to the farm. Social exploitation could often be a result of this policy, and also a strict social order, not to be broken (described in some of the novels of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, and later Ingeborg Refling Hagen and Alf Prøysen). The difference from serfs elsewhere was that the farmer did not directly own the life and property of the homesteader (Husmann), but in most cases, he practically did. In Hallingdal this was most common in the lower parts of the valley, and, at some point, all the serfs were evicted, and the homesteads torn down. Many of the Norwegian migrants to America came from this social class. So did also the main stock of Norwegian workers, as the land got crowded and the splitting of farms came to an end about 1860.
In the western parts of the country things worked differently. Here, farms were divided, but not ranked in the same way as in the east. The farms existed at a more equal level, and though small, they were more independent. Socially this paid back in less exploitation. As the fields in the western parts of Norway were equally barren, all farmers had to struggle in the same way.
After 1860, smaller homesteads were often bought from the main farms, and erected as independent farms. This made it easier for many of the homesteaders. They also got their own union in time, Norsk Småbrukarlag (union of Norwegian small farmers). Today, many of those homesteads are mostly used for leisure.
Cultural impact.
Many of the traditional folk musicians of Norway, and the greater part of singers and storytellers, seem to have belonged to this social layer, if not lower. The central farms were as a rule the first to adapt to modern standards and music. Hence, the medieval ballads and the oldest folk instruments survived in the poorer homesteads. Fiddlers are as a rule to be found both on lesser and bigger farms, and the hardanger fiddle tradition was common in all social layers. Myllarguten was from a lower class, but some of his teachers were not.
In Norwegian fairy tales, the heroes and heroines often represent people from this group. Askeladden is often said to come from "a humble cottage in the woods". The fairy tale king is often represented with a greater farm, not a castle. Hence, he is in the role of a manor farmer of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19942025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942025" title="Power of Ten (album)">
Power of Ten (album)

Power of Ten is singer Chris de Burgh's tenth original album, released in 1992.
Track listing.
All compositions by Chris de Burgh
"Separate Tables" was also recorded as an English duet as well as an English/German duet with Vicky Leandros and released on her album "Jetzt".
Lyrics and music of the track "Heart Of Darkness" appeared again as a recurrent motive in the later CD of Chris de Burgh "Moonfleet & Other Stories", released in 2010, specially in the track "The Light on the Bay".

</doc>
<doc id="19942030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942030" title="Revoluční odborové hnutí">
Revoluční odborové hnutí

ROH, (, , "Revolutionary Trade Union Movement" literally in English) was a national trade union centre in Czechoslovakia 1945-1990.
Foundation.
ROH was founded in the Czech Lands in 1945, emerging out of the factory councils and workers militias that evolve out of the wake of the Second World War. Since the communists had played the leading role in anti-fascist resistance during the war, they became dominant in the trade union movement once the war ended. The communists were however not the sole political force in the initial phase of ROH, the Trade Union Department of the Communist Party was wary of 'syndicalist' tendencies in the factory councils.
In April 1946 the Slovak trade unions merged into ROH. The Slovak unions merged with their Czech counterparts, adopting the slogan "One factory - one trade union organization". However, during 1947 ROH membership in Slovakia dropped sharply for political and economical reason, ROH lost a third of its members in the area.
Antonín Zápotocký, a communist pre-war labour leader who had been imprisoned for six years during the war, became the chairman of ROH in June 1947. Evsen Erban, a left-wing Social Democrat, became the general secretary of ROH. In the leading body of ROH, the Central Trade Union Council (ÚRO), there were 94 communists, 18 Social Democrats, 6 National Socialists and 2 from the People's Party.
Prague Spring.
During the Prague Spring of 1968, ROH became somewhat more independent. However, developments in the trade union field were somewhat slower than in other organizations. In March 1968 hardline leaders were removed from their positions in ÚRO. In September 1968 ÚRO reaffirmed that the process of internal reforms and adoptions of new statues in the affiliated unions would continue. Between November 1968 and January 1969 some unions (like the Metal Workers' Union) threatened to launch strikes if the pro-reform leaders wouldn't be reinstated to their positions in the Communist Party.
Ahead of the 7th ROH congress, held March 4-March 5, 1969, 75% of the delegates were elected from the affiliated unions through secret ballots (for the first time). The congress did steer a moderate course, as the trade union movement was pressured from both pro-reform sectors as well as Communist Party hardliners. In the ROH leadership elected at the congress, different political strands were represented. Karel Poláček was the ROH chairman at the time. Gradually, however, ROH returned to following the line of the Communist Party.
Organization.
ROH was organized along democratic centralist lines. The national leadership was the Central Trade Union Council (ÚRO). The organ leading ROH between ÚRO meetings was its 14-member presidium. In the districts, there were the District Trade Union Council (KOR). The KORs had around 20 members each, elected at District Trade Union Conferences.
ROH published the newspaper "Práce".
As of August 1958 ROH had over 3 800 000 members.
International cooperation.
ROH was a member of the World Federation of Trade Unions. The WFTU had its headquarters in Prague.
Later period.
In 1989, autonomous trade unions and strike committees surged in Czechoslovakia, which called for the dissolution of ROH. A parallel Trade Union Coordination Centre was formed. ROH tried to manage the situation by declaring its independence from the Communist Party. The Slovak branch of ROH decided to subordinate itself to the Coordination Centre. The Czech ROH organization hesistated somewhat, but at a trade union conferenc held March 2-March 3, 1990 ROH dissolved itself. In its place a new trade union federation, ČSKOS was founded.

</doc>
<doc id="19942051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942051" title="1994 BMW Open – Singles">
1994 BMW Open – Singles

Ivan Lendl was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Michael Stich won the title, defeating Petr Korda 6–2, 2–6, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19942054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942054" title="Eastern Wind">
Eastern Wind

Eastern Wind is singer/songwriter Chris de Burgh's fifth studio album, released in 1980.
Track listing.
All songs written by Chris de Burgh

</doc>
<doc id="19942068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942068" title="John A. Fraser (politician)">
John A. Fraser (politician)

John A. Fraser (November 6, 1840 – 1908) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Victoria County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1878 and from 1886 to 1894 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Boularderie, Nova Scotia, the son of the Reverend James Fraser, a missionary for the Church of Scotland. Fraser was educated in Halifax. He was postmaster for Big Bras D'Or and served as a member of the municipal council. In 1865, he married Frances Helen Platt. Fraser did not run for reelection in 1878 and 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="19942079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942079" title="All Japan Intercollegiate Volleyball Championship">
All Japan Intercollegiate Volleyball Championship

All Japan Intercollegiate Volleyball Championship(全日本バレーボール大学男女選手権大会 "zen nippon volleyball daigaku danjo senshuken taikai")is an annual nationwide intercollegiate volleyball tournament. It is the largest scale amateur sport event in Japan.
The tournament, organized by the Japan College School Volleyball Federation and "Asahi Shimbun", takes place in December at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium

</doc>
<doc id="19942085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942085" title="Ubayakathirgamam">
Ubayakathirgamam

Ubayakathirgamam is a temple dedicated to the Hindu god Muruga, who is worshipped as presiding deity of Kali Yuga. The prefix "Ubaya-" means "second" or "sub" in Tamil. Hence the temple got its name, as it is considered to be a second Kathirgamam (Kataragama) of the country. This temple is in Puloly in the Jaffna Peninsula of Sri Lanka.
Location.
Ubayakathirgamam can be reached by taking a walk through Vallipuram Road, from Manthikai Junction, which is on the Point Pedro - Jaffna Road. A Vinayagar temple named Periyadevanatthay Alayam is also situated beside Ubayakathirgamam. Devotees from Puloly and Point Pedro come regularly to the daily Poojas. During the Karthikai Star on the month of Karthikai, the temple will be filled by devotees from all over the country for its Camphor Festival. It should also be noted that the Theertham festival falls on a Thiruvona Star, close upon to the Theertham festival of Kataragama temple.
Moolavar.
Ubayakathirgamam Moolavar is a Chakkara Yantra, which appeared on a white rock itself. As unlike in other temples of Muruga, the Moola Linga is in the form of a Chakkara Yantra, hence the temple got its name "Ubayakathirgamam Sri Chakkara Shanmugar Alayam". The noticeable feature of this Chakkara Yantra is it was not made by hand of man. It is a Suyambu Linga, the Holy one revealing himself in nature on the white rock. There are a few projections and letters representing God Vinayagar and the Shakties of Siva, to the right of the yantra. The Wood apple tree, which is also said to have divine power as the Thala Viruksha of the temple, is named as Vilatheeswaran.
History.
This temple was discovered and named Ubayakathirgamam by Lady T.S.Logambal devotee of Muruga, who hails from Tirunelveli, a city in Tamil Nadu. The Lady Logambal publication mentions that in the year 1909, God Muruga appeared in a dream to Lady Logambal and informed the existence of the Chakkara Yantra on the surface of a rock by the side of a wood apple tree at Pachchima Pulavar Kana Nagaram. He told her to draw a picture of the yantra and keep it with her for her daily prayers. It was impossible for her to locate the village which was in Sri Lanka (then named as Ceylon), as she is an Indian.
In year 1911, Muruga informed her in her dream that the place is in the Jaffna Peninsula of Ceylon. The scholars in Jaffna informed her that Puloly is the Tamil equivalent of the above mentioned Nagaram, which was named in Sanskrit. After reaching Jaffna, she succeeded in discovering the holy site, in a Visakha day in the month of Vaikasi, which is according to Skanda Purana, the birth day of God Muruga.
It was year 1924, after a long period, God Muruga instructed in her dream that the Yantra of the temple is, as appeared by itself, has the strong power than the other temples and will give divine favours to the devotees. So it again became a duty of Lady Logambal to spread the message to the devotees in Ceylon.
In a leaflet printed and published on 25/7/1924, Lady Logambal clearly instructed the people of the village South Puloly the power of the temple and its Chakkara as informed to her God Muruga. It is mentioned in the pamphlet that there must have been a famous temple at this site in olden days and that it had come to ruins.
The Temple’s Divine Power.
The Yantra drawn up by Muthulinga Swamigal at Kathirgamam is considered a major reason for the divine grace of Kathirgamam. Similarly since the appearance of Ubayakathirgamam to the villagers, with the guidance of Lady Logambal, the temple was a miracle for the villagers. It is so common to hear from the villagers, mentioning the wishes those were fulfilled by worshiping the temple and its Chakkara Yantra.
It is also mentioned that once when the people were not knowledgeable regarding the Yantra, the white rock where the Suyambu Linga appeared in nature was tried to be removed to build a Vinayagar Temple nearby. In spite of seven explosions by Subramaniam, an experienced man in blasting rocks, the rock was safe without any damage. This was known as a miracle and the rock and the wood apple tree on it were assumed to be having super natural powers, by the villagers.
Devotees from all over the country go to this temple to worship Sri Chakkara Shanmugar and Vilatheeswaran and fulfill their wishes.
References.
UBAYA KATHIRGAMA TEMPLE Pamphlet 1. (September, 1970)
(Shanmugar Temple The Moolalingam which Appeared in Nature.) Puloly South, Puloly, Ceylon.

</doc>
<doc id="19942086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942086" title="Attila Karacs">
Attila Karacs

Attila "The Hun" Karacs (born March 29, 1982) is a Hungarian super heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Hungarian Top Team in Budapest. He is two time K-1 Hungary tournament champion, currently competing in K-1.
Biography and career.
Born in 1982 in Hungary, Karacs began practicing kenpo in 1992. He made his K-1 debut in 2000.
Personal life.
He has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19942093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942093" title="AJS S3 V-twin">
AJS S3 V-twin

The AJS S3 V-twin was a British motorcycle designed and built by the Wolverhampton, England company A. J. Stevens & Co. Ltd. Launched in 1931, the AJS S3 was a 496 cc transverse V-twin tourer with shaft "primary" drive (but chain final drive), three speed bevel driven gearbox and alloy cylinder heads. The 50 degree V configuration was effective for air cooling and with a tank top 'dashboard' was conceived as a luxury cruiser. It had been expensive to develop and at £65 was more expensive than the 1000cc AJS of the same year, so the S3 did not sell in large numbers and by the end of 1931 AJS had gone into liquidation and been taken over by Matchless motorcycles who discontinued production.

</doc>
<doc id="19942111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942111" title="Shane Rattenbury">
Shane Rattenbury

Shane Stephen Rattenbury (born 25 August 1971), Australian politician and former Speaker of the ACT Legislative Assembly, is a member of the multi-member unicameral Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Molonglo for the ACT Greens since 2008. He was the first Speaker in any Parliament in the world representing a Green political party.
Early life, education and career before politics.
Rattenbury first moved to Canberra in 1984. He attended Canberra Grammar School and went on to gain a BEc and LLB(Honours) from the Australian National University and commenced employment, working with the Australian Department of Industry. Prior to his election to the Assembly, Rattenbury travelled between Amsterdam and Australia as the International Political Director of Greenpeace International. During this time, he gained publicity for his work on global campaigns on climate change and whaling.
Political career.
Rattenbury first ran for election to the ACT Legislative Assembly in the 2001 ACT Election, for the ACT Greens in the electorate of Ginninderra. After the distribution of preferences, Rattenbury was defeated by both Labor's Wayne Berry and the Australian Democrats', Roslyn Dundas.
In June 2008, the ACT Greens announced that Rattenbury would again stand for election in the electorate of Molonglo. Independent polling released in October suggested the Green vote had doubled to tripled since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (-9.3 per cent) and Liberal (-3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Rattenbury, Meredith Hunter, Amanda Bresnan, and Caroline Le Couteur.
Parliamentary career and election as Speaker.
After deliberations with both the Labor and Liberal parties, the Greens chose to support a Labor minority government. Hunter was a key negotiator of the Parliamentary Agreement between the ACT Greens and the Labor Party. Under the agreement, the Greens secured a range of policy outcomes in the areas of schools and education, health service provision, housing, public transport and gay rights. It also ensures that the Greens will Chair three of the Assembly's key committees. In exchange, the Greens agreed to maintain confidence in Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory, Jon Stanhope. The Greens also secured Government support for the nomination of Rattenbury as Speaker of the Assembly. While on the cross bench in the 7th Assembly, Rattenbury held the portfolios of Attorney-General, Environment, Climate Change and Water, Energy, Police and Emergency Services, Tourism, Sport and Recreation.
Post-2012 ACT Election.
Following the 2012 ACT election, Rattenbury was the only Greens MLA to retain his seat in the Assembly. With the election resulting in a hung parliament, Rattenbury, who held the balance of power, announced he would support Katy Gallagher and the Labor Party in the formation of government. The ACT Labor Caucus agreed to appoint Rattenbury as a minister in Gallagher's five-member cabinet, and to support 100 Greens policies. Rattenbury is currently ACT Minister for Ageing, Minister for Housing, Minister for Corrections, Minister for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Affairs, as well as, Minister for Territory and Municipal Services.

</doc>
<doc id="19942118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942118" title="Amanda Bresnan">
Amanda Bresnan

Amanda Bresnan (born 4 December 1971) is an Australian politician and a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. Bresnan was elected to the ACT Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Brindabella for the ACT Greens at the 2008 election and defeated at the 2012 election
Early life and education.
Amanda Bresnan was raised in Brisbane and studied at Griffith University. She moved to Canberra to work in policy development in the public and community sectors. Initially, Bresnan entered the ACT Government's Graduate Program and later became a senior policy officer in ACT Health. She went on to become policy manager for the Consumers’ Health Forum of Australia and the director of policy at the Mental Health Council of Australia.
Political career.
Bresnan ran for election for the electorate of Molonglo in the 2004 ACT Election representing the ACT Greens. She was unsuccessful in winning a seat in the multi-member electorate. However, the Greens' lead candidate, Deb Foskey, was elected.
In the 2007 Australian federal election, Bresnan ran for the House of Representatives seat of Canberra, again representing the Australian Greens. The candidature of Bresnan and Meredith Hunter for the House of Representatives was part of an extensive campaign in the ACT to elect Kerrie Tucker end coalition control of the Australian Senate immediately after the election, as territory Senators take their place at this time as opposed to their state counterparts in the following July. The ACT holds two seats with only three-year terms, so a larger quota than normal is required for election. Despite a swing of 5.1 percent to the Greens on 21.5 percent, their best result in any state or territory, the party fell narrowly short.
In June 2008, the ACT Greens announced that Bresnan would again stand for election, this time in Brindabella, at the upcoming election. Independent polling released in October suggested the Green vote had doubled to tripled since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (-9.3 per cent) and Liberal (-3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Bresnan, Meredith Hunter, Shane Rattenbury and Caroline Le Couteur. Rattenbury became the sole member for the Greens in 2012 as the rest of the Greens MLAs were defeated. 
Parliamentary career.
Bresnan holds the portfolios of Health, Mental Health, Transport, Disability, Housing, Ageing, Multicultural Affairs, Industrial Relations and Corrections. She is also the ACT Greens' Party Whip.

</doc>
<doc id="19942121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942121" title="Meredith Hunter (politician)">
Meredith Hunter (politician)

Meredith Hunter (born 22 July 1962), Australian politician, was a member of the multi-member unicameral Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Ginninderra for the ACT Greens from 2008 to 2012. She was also the Parliamentary Convenor of the ACT Greens.
Early life and background.
Hunter (née Stevenson) was born in Canberra to John and Judy Stevenson. Her grandmother, Mary Stevenson, was the first woman elected to the ACT Advisory Council and was president of the Liberal Party's ACT Women's Branch. She was educated at the Australian National University and was later made an Adjunct Professional Associate at the University of Canberra.
Hunter had a high profile in the community sector prior to her election. She began her career as a youth worker in Canberra and went on to become a prominent youth affairs advocate. She was the director of the Youth Coalition of the ACT for over ten years and held executive positions with a number of national peak bodies, including the Australian Youth Affairs Coalition and National Shelter. Hunter was also a vocal spokesperson on community sector viability and social welfare issues, serving on the Board of the ACT Council of Social Service and as Chairwoman of ACT Shelter. Notably, Hunter was appointed Chair of the Youth Homelessness Strategy and Chair of Anti-Poverty Week. In 2008, she was given a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Youth Coalition for her contribution to children and young people.
Political career: 2004 - 2008.
Early candidature.
Hunter first ran for election for the electorate of Ginninderra in the 2004 ACT general election representing the ACT Greens. She significantly outperformed ACT Labor Party candidates Mary Porter and Wayne Berry in primary votes, though they went on to defeat her after the distribution of preferences. She ran as a candidate for election to the House of Representatives representing the electorate of Fraser for the Australian Greens in the 2007 federal election. Hunter achieved a swing of 2.1% towards the Greens, however was unsuccessful in defeating sitting Labor member, Bob McMullan. The candidature of Hunter and Amanda Bresnan for the House of Representatives was part of an extensive campaign in the ACT to elect Kerrie Tucker end coalition control of the Australian Senate immediately after the election, as territory Senators take their place at this time as opposed to their state counterparts in the following July. The ACT holds two seats with only three-year terms, so a larger quota than normal is required for election. Despite a swing of 5.1 percent to the Greens on 21.5 percent, their best result in any state or territory, the party fell narrowly short.
ACT election campaign.
In June 2008, the ACT Greens announced that Hunter would again stand for election, again in Ginninderra, at the upcoming election. Independent polling released in October suggested the Green vote had doubled to tripled since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (-9.3 per cent) and Liberal (-3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Hunter, Bresnan, Shane Rattenbury and Caroline Le Couteur.
Parliamentary career.
Formation of government.
After deliberations with both the Labor and Liberal parties, the Greens chose to support a Labor minority government. Hunter was a key negotiator of the Parliamentary Agreement between the ACT Greens and the Labor Party. Under the agreement, the Greens secured a range of policy outcomes in the areas of schools and education, health service provision, housing, public transport and gay rights. It also ensures that the Greens will Chair three of the Assembly's key committees. In exchange, the Greens agreed to maintain confidence in Chief Minister, Jon Stanhope. The Greens also secured Government support for the nomination of Rattenbury as Speaker of the Assembly. The agreement between the ACT Greens and ACT Labor requires the Government to report on progress against the measures outlined in the agreement on an annual basis. The first joint communiqué on the progress of the agreement was issued in July 2008. The next communiqué was due to be issued in July 2010.
ACT Greens leader.
Prior to the negotiation of the agreement, Hunter was appointed Parliamentary Convenor of the ACT Greens, a role equivalent to Parliamentary Party Leader. She held the portfolios of Treasury, Community Services, Education, Women and Children and Young People. Hunter has been visible in the media on issues surrounding education and literacy and ACT finances. Hunter was supportive of the 2009-10 ACT Budget where it progressed measures outlined in the parliamentary agreement, but signaled the Greens' concerns about the size of the budget deficit. Most commentators agreed that the Budget was a victory for the Greens. She has also been a vocal critic of the Federal Government's intervention in the ACT's same sex civil union reforms. Hunter was the Chair of the Climate Change, Water and Environment Committee and was a member of the Justice and Community Safety Committee. At the 2012 ACT Elections, Hunter narrowly lost the 5th seat in Ginninnderra to Yvette Berry of the Labor Party, after suffering an ACT wide swing of more than 6% from the Greens.

</doc>
<doc id="19942124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942124" title="Caroline Le Couteur">
Caroline Le Couteur

Caroline Le Couteur (born 1952), an Australian politician, was elected to the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Molonglo for the ACT Greens at the 2008 election and defeated at the 2012 election
Life before election.
Le Couteur grew up in the Canberra suburb of Yarralumla and was educated at Telopea Park High School and the Australian National University where she studied economics. She moved to Nimbin after the holding of the Aquarius Festival there in 1973 and stayed there for 11 years. While in Nimbin she was instrumental in forming a pre-school and primary school and became a solar (photovoltaic) panel retailer and installer. She subsequently moved back to Canberra and worked for the federal and territorial governments firstly in Information technology and later in renewable energy policy. She later became an Executive Director of locally based, now ASX listed, company Australian Ethical Investment as well as their information technology manager.
Le Couteur was active in the local environment community. She was at the time of her election one of the two national councillors of the Australian Conservation Foundation (ACF) and had been previously been on the ACF's board. She was a keen supporter of groups such as the Australian and New Zealand Solar Energy Society, Pedal Power, Oxfam, Anglicare and the Conservation Council.
Political career.
Le Couteur stood for the ACT Greens in the electorate of Molonglo in 1998 supporting the Green incumbent Kerrie Tucker. She remained active in the Greens and stood again in Molonglo in 2008. Before the 2008 election the Greens, had one member, Deb Foskey. Prior to the 2008 election polling conducted by Patterson Market Research and published in The Canberra Times suggested the Green vote had significantly increased since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (-9.3 per cent) and Liberal (-3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Amanda Bresnan, Meredith Hunter, Shane Rattenbury and Caroline Le Couteur. Le Couteur, Bresnan and Hunter were defeated at the 2012 election. 
Parliamentary career.
She is the Greens spokesperson for
Le Couteur is the chair of the Committee on Public Accounts and Deputy Chair of the Committee on Planning, Public Works and Territory and Municipal Services.

</doc>
<doc id="19942132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942132" title="Aziz Qaisi">
Aziz Qaisi

Aziz Mohammad Khan (1931–1992) or Aziz Qaisi was a well-known Urdu poet, short story writer, and film writer. He was born and educated in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh. He started writing early and established himself as poet and story writer. He moved to Mumbai in the late nineteen-fifties, and became an active part of Mumbai's literary and film scene. He was associated with a number of successful and critically acclaimed films, including Kunwara Baap, Ankur, and Dayavan. Early in his life, he became associated with Progressive Writers' Movement, which had a strong presence in Hyderabad and Mumbai.
Work and contribution.
Aziz Qaisi started writing early, and by the mid-nineteen-fifties had already established himself as a writer of poetry and short stories. Although he was more famous as a poet, he is equally deft at prose. His poems consists of both ghazals as well as nazms. He published three poetry collections. His works has been translated into other Indian languages as well as English. His poems and stories have been part of various important anthologies of Indian and Urdu literature. His contribution is abiding to contemporary Indian literature. He is counted among the important poets who contributed significantly to Urdu poetry after 1947 and introduced new trends. Conflict of man with the modern world is the recurring theme of his poetry. 
His ghazal, "Har shaam jalte jismon kaa gaadhaa dhuaan hai shahar" is unique in the sense that it does not talk about love and wine-for what ghazal generally is famous-in not a single couplet, yet it is a very sensitive expression about one of the most important issues and problems of modern man in India. His nazm 'Main', is considered one of his best nazms, is a fine example of his creative application of symbolism and imagery in his own unique style.

</doc>
<doc id="19942136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942136" title="At the End of a Perfect Day">
At the End of a Perfect Day

At the End of a Perfect Day is singer Chris de Burgh's third original album, released in 1977.
Track listing.
All compositions by Chris de Burgh

</doc>
