<doc id="19942159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942159" title="Prothalamion">
Prothalamion

Prothalamion, the commonly used name of , is a poem by Edmund Spenser (1552-1599), one of the important poets of the Tudor Period in England. Published in 1596 (see 1596 in poetry), it is a nuptial song that he composed that year on the occasion of the twin marriage of the daughters of the Earl of Worcester; Elizabeth Somerset and Katherine Somerset.
"Prothalamion" is written in the conventional form of a marriage song. The poem begins with a description of the River Thames where Spenser finds two beautiful maidens. The poet proceeds to praise them and wishing them all the blessings for their marriages. The poem begins with a fine description of the day on which he is writing the poem. "Calm was the day and through the trembling air/The sweet breathing Zephyrus did softly play." The poet is standing near the Thames River and finds a group of nymphs with baskets collecting flowers for the new brides. The poet tells us that they are happily making the bridal crowns for Elizabeth and Katherine. He goes on his poem describing two swans at the Thames, relating it to the myth of Jove and Leda. According to the myth, Jove falls in love with Leda and comes to court her in the guise of a beautiful swan. The poet feels that the Thames has done justice to his nuptial song by "flowing softly" according to his request: "Sweet Thames run softly till I end my song."
Prothalamion
Calm was the day, and through the trembling air
Sweet-breathing Zephyrus did softly play
A gentle spirit, that lightly did delay
Hot Titan's beams, which then did glister fair;
When I (whom sullen care,
Through discontent of my long fruitless stay
In prince's court, and expectation vain
Of idle hopes, which still do fly away
Like empty shadows, did afflict my brain),
Walk'd forth to ease my pain
Along the shore of silver-streaming Thames;
Whose rutty bank, the which his river hems,
Was painted all with variable flowers,
And all the meads adorn'd with dainty gems
Fit to deck maidens' bowers,
And crown their paramours,
Against the bridal day, which is not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
There, in a meadow, by the river's side,
A flock of nymphs I chanced to espy,
All lovely daughters of the flood thereby,
With goodly greenish locks, all loose untied,
As each had been a bride;
And each one had a little wicker basket,
Made of fine twigs, entrailed curiously,
In which they gathered flowers to fill their flasket,
And with fine fingers cropt full feateously
The tender stalks on high.
Of every sort, which in that meadow grew,
They gathered some; the violet, pallid blue,
The little daisy, that at evening closes,
The virgin lily, and the primrose true,
With store of vermeil roses,
To deck their bridegrooms' posies
Against the bridal day, which was not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
With that I saw two swans of goodly hue
Come softly swimming down along the Lee;
Two fairer birds I yet did never see;
The snow which doth the top of Pindus strew,
Did never whiter shew,
Nor Jove himself, when he a swan would be,
For love of Leda, whiter did appear;
Yet Leda was (they say) as white as he,
Yet not so white as these, nor nothing near;
So purely white they were,
That even the gentle stream, the which them bare,
Seem'd foul to them, and bad his billows spare
To wet their silken feathers, lest they might
Soil their fair plumes with water not so fair,
And mar their beauties bright,
That shone as heaven's light,
Against their bridal day, which was not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
Eftsoons the nymphs, which now had flowers their fill,
Ran all in haste to see that silver brood,
As they came floating on the crystal flood;
Whom when they saw, they stood amazed still,
Their wond'ring eyes to fill;
Them seem'd they never saw a sight so fair,
Of fowls so lovely, that they sure did deem
Them heavenly born, or to be that same pair
Which through the sky draw Venus' silver team;
For sure they did not seem
To be begot of any earthly seed,
But rather angels, or of angels' breed;
Yet were they bred of Somers-heat, they say,
In sweetest season, when each flower and weed
The earth did fresh array;
So fresh they seem'd as day,
Even as their bridal day, which was not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
Then forth they all out of their baskets drew
Great store of flowers, the honour of the field,
That to the sense did fragrant odours yield,
All which upon those goodly birds they threw
And all the waves did strew,
That like old Peneus' waters they did seem,
When down along by pleasant Tempe's shore,
Scatt'red with flowers, through Thessaly they stream,
That they appear through lilies' plenteous store,
Like a bride's chamber floor.
Two of those nymphs, meanwhile, two garlands bound
Of freshest flowers which in that mead they found,
The which presenting all in trim array,
Their snowy foreheads therewithal they crown'd,
Whilst one did sing this lay,
Prepar'd against that day,
Against their bridal day, which was not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
"Ye gentle birds, the world's fair ornament
And heaven's glory, whom this happy hour
Doth lead unto your lovers' blissful bower,
Joy may you have, and gentle heart's content
Of your love's complement;
And let fair Venus, that is Queen of Love,
With her heart-quelling son upon you smile,
Whose smile, they say, hath virtue to remove
All love's dislike, and friendship's faulty guile
For ever to assoil.
Let endless Peace your steadfast hearts accord,
And blessed Plenty wait upon your board:
And let your bed with pleasures chaste abound,
That fruitful issue may to you afford,
Which may your foes confound,
And make your joys redound
Upon your bridal day, which is not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song."
So ended she; and all the rest around
To her redoubled that her undersong,
Which said their bridal day should not be long;
And gentle Echo from the neighbour ground
Their accents did resound.
So forth those joyous birds did pass along,
Adown the Lee, that to them murmur'd low,
As he would speak, but that he lack'd a tongue,
Yet did by signs his glad affection show,
Making his stream run slow.
And all the fowl which in his flood did dwell
Gan flock about these twain, that did excel
The rest, so far as Cynthia doth shend
The lesser stars. So they, enranged well,
Did on those two attend,
And their best service lend
Against their wedding day, which was not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
At length they all to merry London came,
To merry London, my most kindly nurse,
That to me gave this life's first native source,
Though from another place I take my name,
An house of ancient fame.
There when they came, whereas those bricky towers
The which on Thames' broad aged back do ride,
Where now the studious lawyers have their bowers,
There whilom wont the Templar Knights to bide,
Till they decay'd through pride:v
Next whereunto there stands a stately place,
Where oft I gained gifts and goodly grace
Of that great lord, which therein wont to dwell,
Whose want too well now feels my friendless case:
But ah! here fits not well
Old woes, but joys, to tell
Against the bridal day, which is not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
Yet therein now doth lodge a noble peer,
Great England's glory, and the world's wide wonder,
Whose dreadful name late through all Spain did thunder,
And Hercules' two pillars standing near
Did make to quake and fear:
Fair branch of honour, flower of chivalry,
That fillest England with thy triumph's fame,
Joy have thou of thy noble victory,
And endless happiness of thine own name
That promiseth the same;
That through thy prowess, and victorious arms,
Thy country may be freed from foreign harms;
And great Eliza's glorious name may ring
Through all the world, fill'd with thy wide alarms,
Which some brave Muse may sing
To ages following,
Upon the bridal day, which is not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song.
From those high towers this noble lord issuing,
Like radiant Hesper, when his golden hair
In th' ocean billows he hath bathed fair,
Descended to the river's open viewing,
With a great train ensuing.
Above the rest were goodly to be seen
Two gentle knights of lovely face and feature,
Beseeming well the bower of any queen,
With gifts of wit, and ornaments of nature,
Fit for so goodly stature,
That like the twins of Jove they seem'd in sight,
Which deck the baldric of the heavens bright;
They two, forth pacing to the river's side,
Receiv'd those two fair brides, their love's delight;
Which, at th' appointed tide,
Each one did make his bride
Against their bridal day, which is not long:
Sweet Thames run softly, till I end my song. 
Edmund Spenser
The poem is often grouped with Spenser's poem about his own marriage, the Epithalamion.
The refrain 'Sweet Thames run softly' is used in T.S. Eliot's poem 'The Waste Land' (1922).

</doc>
<doc id="19942162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942162" title="Joan Marshall">
Joan Marshall

Joan Marshall (June 19, 1931 – June 28, 1992) was an American film and television actress.
Early life and career.
She was born Joan Schrepfermann; in Chicago where she was also raised. She began her career as a showgirl in Chicago clubs. After appearing as a dancer in the 1945 film "The Chicago Kid" and a part in the television series "Have Gun – Will Travel" in 1958, she moved to California the following year. During the 1960s, Marshall frequently guest starred on various television series including "Tales of Wells Fargo", "Surfside 6", "Hawaiian Eye", and "The Jack Benny Program". She also appeared in the films "Homicidal" (using the stage name "Jean Arless") and "Tammy and the Doctor" opposite Sandra Dee and Peter Fonda.
Marshall also appeared in the 15 minute unaired pilot of "The Munsters" as Phoebe Munster (who strongly resembled Morticia Addams). Before the series was picked up, "The Munsters" was retooled and Marshall was replaced by actress Yvonne De Carlo. Marshall continued guest starring in episodic television throughout the 1960s before her last role in the 1975 film "Shampoo" with Warren Beatty.
Personal life and death.
Marshall was married three times and had two children, Steven and Sheri. She married director Hal Ashby in August 1969. Two years after Ashby's death in 1988, she married executive Mel Bartfield. The couple relocated to Jamaica where they remained until Marshall's death in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19942166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942166" title="Zambia Open">
Zambia Open

The Zambia Open is a men's professional golf tournament played in Zambia, that has been part of the Sunshine Tour since 1996, and was co-sanctioned by the European based Challenge Tour from 2001 to 2004. It was also an event on the Challenge Tour between 1991 and 1993, having previously part of the now defunct Safari Tour.
Lusaka Golf Club has traditionally hosted the Zambia Open, but in 2005 a disagreement with the then sponsors, Stanbic, resulted in the cancellation of the tournament, with a new venue being found for the following year. Under a new sponsorship agreement, the 2008 tournament was held at Chainama Hills Golf Club for the first time, with a prize fund of 750,000 rand. From 2006 to 2010, it was contested as a 54 hole tournament. In 2011, it returned to being played over four rounds, 72 holes.
Former winners include 1991 Masters Tournament champion Ian Woosnam and fellow European Ryder Cup players Christy O'Connor Jnr, Sam Torrance, Gordon J Brand, Tommy Horton and Brian Barnes.

</doc>
<doc id="19942171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942171" title="Guillermo Martínez Casañ">
Guillermo Martínez Casañ

Guillermo Martínez Casañ (Valencia, Spain, 4 December 1955) is a Spanish politician and former Member of the European Parliament who belongs to the People's Party (PP). 
Martínez is qualified in law, he began his professional career working as a counsel lawyer in the UK and France before entering politics in 1986 becoming a Principal Administrator in the European Parliament. He was active in Observer during the Turkish referendum at the end of the military regime, the end of Sandinism in Nicaragua and the end of Apartheid in South Africa. He was in charge of the Temporary Committee for the Unification of Germany. He became vice-president of the Spanish delegation to the European assembly. In 1993 he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region which he represented until 2004. Afterwards, he joined the Cabinet of Ms Loyola de Palacio. In January 2005 he re-joined his post as an Official in the European Parliament.
Since 2005, Martínez-Casan has been the director of the European Ideas Network (EIN) a centre-right Think Tank sponsored by the European People's Party Group (EPP Group). Besides, since 2009 Mr Martínez-Casan is one of the two co-secretary's generals, with Walid Phares of the Trans-Atlantic Group on Counter Jihad Terrorism (TAG) with offices in Brussels and Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="19942187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942187" title="2econd Season">
2econd Season

2econd Season is the second album by Atlanta-based rapper Unk. It was released on November 4, 2008. The album features guest appearances by Sean Kingston, Ray J, Three 6 Mafia and more, while production as handled mainly by Oomp Camp's own DJ Montay.

</doc>
<doc id="19942189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942189" title="1967 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1967 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1967 Australian Touring Car Championship was the eighth running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. The championship was contested over a single race staged at Lakeside International Raceway on 30 July 1967.
Results.
Race results:

</doc>
<doc id="19942218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942218" title="LNWR George the Fifth Class">
LNWR George the Fifth Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) George the Fifth Class was a class of 4-4-0 passenger steam locomotive.
They were introduced in 1910 by Charles Bowen-Cooke and construction continued until 1915. They were essentially superheated versions of the LNWR Whale Precursor Class. At the same time, similar non-superheated Queen Mary Class engines were also built but all of these acquired superheaters as the advantages of superheating became clear and were absorbed into the George the Fifth Class.
A total of 90 Georges were built and all were named. The LNWR reused names and numbers from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard.
All of the Georges passed into London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) ownership on the grouping in 1923. The LMS gave them the power classification 3P. The LMS renumbered them into a more logical series of 5320–5409, and later in 1936/37 those had not been then withdrawn were again renumbered by the addition of 20000 into the 25320–25409 series to make room for Black Fives. Also at this time a few of the names were removed so that they could be applied to new LMS Jubilee Class engines.
Withdrawals started in 1935, and by 1939 only 9 remained. British Railways (BR) inherited 3 in 1948; 25321, which was withdrawn in February that year, and 25350 and 25373, which were allocated the BR numbers 58011/2 in March but never carried them as both were withdrawn in May that year.
None has been preserved.
Proposed New Build.
The George the Fifth Steam Trust has been set up in order to build a George the Fifth class locomotive, the project is in the early stages. An original LNWR whistle has been donated, and engineering consultancy work is currently being undertaken.

</doc>
<doc id="19942223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942223" title="Verticordia venusta">
Verticordia venusta

Verticordia venusta is a shrub that occurs in Southwest Australia. The epithet is derived from "venustus", Latin for charming, and refers to the flower of the plant.
Description.
"Verticordia venusta" is a species of "Verticordia", a genus within the family Myrtaceae, which are noted for their exquisite flowers. The flowers of this plant are a pinkish or darker maroon.
These shrubs are erect and spreading, attaining a height and width of between 0.3 and 2 metres. They do not possess a lignotuber, having one main stem that is openly branched. 
The plumose flowers appear successively along a spike like arrangement, becoming deeper maroon in colour. As the flowers age, turning silvery and pinkish, they become scented. 
Taxonomy.
Discovery and naming.
The type collection for "Verticordia grandis" is the one obtained by Basil Smith, the location was 'south of Manmanning'. The species was first described by Alex George in 1991.
Infrageneric placement.
The taxonomic arrangement of this species, placed in a section of the subgenus "Verticordia" subg. "Eperephes" as "Verticordia" sect. " Pennuligera", was published in "Nuytsia"; Alex George's 1991 revision of the genus. The infrageneric placement is as follows:
The leaves of this section are often described as the round or lettuce-leaved species.
Distribution and habitat.
It occurs in the Geraldton Sandplains and Avon Wheatbelt. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942233" title="Georg, Crown Prince of Saxony">
Georg, Crown Prince of Saxony

Georg, Crown Prince of Saxony, ("commonly called Crown Prince George"), (15 January 1893 – 14 May 1943) the last Crown Prince of Saxony, was the heir to the King of Saxony, Frederick Augustus III, at the time of the monarchy's abolition on 13 November 1918.
He later became a Roman Catholic priest and a Jesuit.
Life.
Family.
The prince was born on 15 January 1893 in Dresden, Saxony, Germany.
He was the son of Prince Frederick Augustus, the later King Frederick Augustus III and his wife, Louise, née Archduchess Louise of Austria-Tuscany. His siblings were the Princes Friedrich Christian and Ernst Heinrich and the Princesses Margarete, Maria Alix and Anna Monika
Youth and education.
After his parents divorced in 1902, his father took sole parental responsibility for his children. He emphasized the Christian faith and a Catholic lifestyle. The children were educated by private tutors in a "prince's school" established by their father at the Saxon court. Most of the teachers were Protestants; this contributed to his later ecumenical attitude. Georg became Crown Prince at age eleven, when his father acceded to the throne in 1904.
After graduating from high school in 1912, Georg studied political sciences for three months at the University of Breslau. He then began to study economics. During this time, he joined the "KDSt.V. Winfridia".
First World War.
After completing his studies in 1912, Georg joined the 1st Royal Saxon Lieb-Grenadier Regiment No. 100. His friend and fellow officer Ludwig Renn also served in that regiment; at the time, Ludwig still used his birth name "Arnold Friedrich Vieth von Golßenau".
Georg held the rank of Captain when he was sent to the front at the start of World War I. He suffered a serious leg injury during the first months of the war. In 1915, Kaiser Wilhelm II granted him the Iron Cross first class "in recognition of the services he rendered in the recent battles.".
On 27 July 1916, he was added to the staff of army group Gallwitz. On 30 August 1916, he received the Military Order of St. Henry for his services in this staff.
On 30 November 1917, he was promoted to major and made commander of the 5th Royal Saxon Infantry Regiment "Crown Prince" No. 104. He commanded this regiment on both the Eastern and the Western Front. He held this command until 22 May 1918.
Engaged to be married.
In the spring of 1918, newspapers announced the prince's engagement to Duchess Marie Amelia, daughter of Albrecht, Duke of Württemberg, the heir to the throne of the Kingdom of Württemberg. The end of the Saxon monarchy and the prince's desire to become a priest apparently led to the end of the engagement. The duchess died unmarried in 1923.
Jesuit priest.
When Germany lost the war, the monarchies in Germany collapsed. Georg's father abdicated on 13 November 1918. This marked a fundamental turning point in his career planning. In 1919, he decided to renounce his rights on the Saxon throne, and become a Catholic priest instead. This decision was very controversial among people who hoped that the monarchy might one day be restored, and also met with significant concerns from the side of the Catholic Church. For example, Franz Löbman, the Apostolic Vicar for Saxony and Lusatia, and Archbishop Adolf Bertram of Breslau initially held that Georg should continue to hold political responsibility for Saxony. Nevertheless, Georg entered the Franciscan Order. 
Finding the Franciscan life too intellectually limiting, Georg soon applied to transfer to the Jesuits instead. In the winter semester 1919/20, he studied philosophy at the University of Tübingen. During this period, he joined the "A.V. "Guestfalia Tübingen". In the next semester, he studied at the University of Breslau.
In the winter semester 1920/21, he began studying theology at the University of Freiburg. He joined the KDSt.V. "Hohenstaufen" and Saxo-Thuringia. He completed this study in 1923. In the same year, he formally renounced his rights to the Saxon throne and became a Jesuit priest. 
He was ordained as priest in Trzebnica on 15 July 1924 by Bishop Christian Schreiber of Meissen. The next day, he celebrated his first mass at the royal palace in Szczodre (. His uncle Maximilian gave the homily during this service. Thereafter, the prince was generally known as "Vater Georg" (Father George) and used the last name "von Sachsen." After his ordination, Georg worked as an auxilliary priest in his native Diocese of Meissen.
He then continued his studies at the Jesuit Collegium Canisianum in Innsbruck. In the fall of 1925, he joined the Upper German province of the Society of Jesus, however, in 1927, he switched to the East German province, which included his native Saxony. From 1928 to 1930, he studied at a Jesuit college in Valkenburg.
From 1933, he did pastoral work in Berlin. He helped building the Jesuit residence "Canisius College" with the Catholic "Gymnasium at Lietzensee". He took his final vows in Berlin in 1936. He gave lectures and spiritual exercises all over Germany. In his lectures, he promoted ecumenism and in particular the movement. Among his friends were spiritual leaders of different religions.
Opponent of Nazism.
During one of his many lectures, he said in Meissen in 1929, referring to the increasing antisemitic agitation by some right-wing parties: "Love is the order of the day in the relationship between Catholics and Protestant, and also to our Jewish fellow citizens". So he opposed Nazism from the beginning. He found it unbearable that the Nazi Party and after 1933 the state vilified and sought to destroy core values that were important to him personally — monarchical and dynastic Saxon traditions and fundamental values of Western Christianity. He felt that his family honor was offended and his work as a pastor was significantly impeded. 
He worked in Berlin where he was credited with protecting Jews from the Nazi regime in notable contrast to his pro-Nazi brothers-in-law, Prince Frederich of Hohenzollern and Prince Franz Joseph of Hohenzolllern-Emden.
As crictic of the regime and a member of the former Saxon royal family, but in particular as a Catholic priest and a member of the Jesuit order, he was seen as highly suspect by the Nazi regime. He was shadowed by the Gestapo because he helped Jews leaving the country and he helped opposition politician hiding for the regime. Sometimes, he had to go into hiding himself, and the police searched his home several times. He knew some of the people who later attempted the failed 20 July plot, in particular Ulrich von Hassell and general Paul von Hase. It is not clear whether he actually participated in the resistance.
Death.
The former prince died on 14 May 1943 apparently while swimming in the Groß Glienicke Lake in Berlin, Germany. Georg's diary was found on the lakeshore with a final Latin entry reading , which is the Latin version of a phrase Jesus frequently spoke to his disciples in the Gospel of John and means "I go to the Father" or "I go to my Father." His body was found several weeks after his death. Some people, including his brother Ernst Heinrich expressed doubts that his death had been an accident. Nevertheless, the autopsy determined that he died after suffering a heart attack.
He was buried in the Catholic Church of the Royal Court of Saxony, today known as the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity, in Dresden on 16 June 1943. His grave was disturbed by Russian soldiers in 1945 and later by the floods of August 2002.
Works.
"Prinz Georg, 15. Januar 1893–1943", type-written memoirs 

</doc>
<doc id="19942238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942238" title="Blanche of France, Infanta of Castile">
Blanche of France, Infanta of Castile

Blanche of France (French: "Blanche de France") (1253–1323) was a daughter of King Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence, and sister of King Philip III of France and Queen Isabella of Navarre.
Biography.
Blanche was born in 1253 in Jaffa, during the Seventh Crusade led by her father, Louis IX. 
In November 1268, she married Ferdinand de la Cerda, Infante of Castile, eldest son of Alfonso X of Castile and Violant of Aragon, they had two sons:
Ferdinand predeceased his father in 1275 at Ciudad Real. Blanche and Ferdinand's sons did not inherit the throne of their grandfather, since their uncle, the second son, Sancho, enforced his claim, even by rebelling. Blanche's brother Philip warned Sancho that he would invade Castile on behalf of his two nephews.
Blanche left Castile never to return. Her sons were sent to live with their grandmother Violant of Aragon who had them sent to the fortress of Játiva so they would be safe from Sancho. 
Blanche died at the "Monastère des Clarisses de l’Ave Maria", in Paris, in 1323.

</doc>
<doc id="19942242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942242" title="Jesús Alberto Capella Ibarra">
Jesús Alberto Capella Ibarra

Jesús Alberto Capella Ibarra is Tijuana's Chief of Police ("secretario municipal de seguridad pública;" secretary of public security of the municipality of Tijuana. 
Made famous for his tough stance against Mexico's notorious drug industry, which in the past had been virtually non-existent in Mexico. Due to the nature of his involvement in attempts to stop drug trafficking, notably among the Tijuana drug cartels, Capella has been the subject of assassination attempts and extortion.
Capella Ibarra was removed from the position of Secretary for Public Security on December 1, 2008. In an unprecedented and unexplained move, he was substituted by a military official, Lieutenant Colonel Julián Leyzaola.
Capella Ibarra was renamed again secretary of public security of the municipality of Tijuana in October 4, 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942248" title="Broke Inlet">
Broke Inlet

Broke Inlet is an inlet in the South West region of Western Australia located West of Walpole.
The inlet is a large a shallow estuary found at the eastern end of the d'Entrecasteaux National Park, it is linked to the Southern Ocean by a narrow seasonally open channel situated between two high sand dune systems. 
The inlet is the only large estuary left in the South West that has not been significantly altered by development within its catchment area or along its shores. 
The catchment of the inlet has an area of and the inlet itself has a surface area of with a total volume of .
The inlet receives an annual inflow of , mostly from the Shannon River and discharges annually. 
The water in the inlet is brackish and mostly has half the salinity of sea water. The salinity varies greatly depending on river discharge, the season and whether the bar is open or not.
Broke Inlet is listed as a regionally significant wetland with Environment Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19942255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942255" title="Alexander MacKay (politician)">
Alexander MacKay (politician)

Alexander MacKay (April 3, 1818 – ?) was a merchant, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1862 to 1867 and from 1872 to 1882 as a Conservative member.
He was born in West River, Nova Scotia, the son of John MacKay, a Scottish immigrant. He was educated at Pictou. MacKay first worked as a stone-cutter and builder. He was named a justice of the peace in 1853. MacKay supported Confederation and was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1867. He was elected again in an 1872 by-election held after James McDonald was elected to the House of Commons. MacKay was an elder of the Church of Scotland. In 1851, he married Margaret Mackay. MacKay was elected to the council for Pictou County in 1879.
His son Neil Franklin later served in the legislative assembly for British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19942256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942256" title="2007–08 NLA season">
2007–08 NLA season

The 2007-08 National League A season, was the second ice hockey season of the National League A since the reorganization of the Swiss league and the 70th in the history of Swiss professional hockey.
Relegation.
EHC Biel, champions of the National League B, would later defeat EHC Basel Sharks, 4-0 to move up into the National League A. Therefore, Basel was relegated to the National League B.

</doc>
<doc id="19942268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942268" title="Kaity Rodriguez">
Kaity Rodriguez

Kaity Bettina Rodriguez (born August 8, 1984) is a beauty queen from Clifton, New Jersey who was Miss New Jersey USA 2009.
Biography.
Early life.
Kaity (pronounced kI'- tE) Rodriguez is of Afro-Puerto Rican and African-American descent. Born in New Jersey, she lived in the St. Charles area of Bishopville, South Carolina with her family for several years of her youth before moving back to New Jersey. Rodriguez graduated from Clifton High School where she was a track athlete, winning many medals and awards during her high school years. After graduation, she attended the University of South
Carolina. There, she obtained her Bachelor’s degree in Psychology (minor in Criminal Justice) in just three and half years, graduating Magna Cum Laude. During her time at USC, Rodriguez competed in three university pageants. Though she performed well, she never won a crown.
Rodriguez furthered her education at New York University. In 2008 she achieved her Master’s degree in social work, graduating Magna Cum Laude for the second time. She now resides in Clifton, New Jersey.
Career.
Rodriguez has committed to a career in social services. She has spent several years of her life working with youth and family-related programs. Currently, she is a youth group facilitator for the Passiac County Family Support Organization. Rodriguez is also very active in her church, Agape Christian Ministries in Paterson, where she has performed several duties for her community, including summer camp director and youth leader.
Rodriguez is the winner of the 2009 Miss New Jersey USA pageant held in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey. In her first run for Miss New Jersey USA in 2008, Rodriguez won a non-finalist swimsuit award. Rodriguez competed in the Miss USA 2009 pageant in Las Vegas, which aired on April 19, 2009 on NBC. She is also a guest speaker in Paterson School No.5 eighth grade graduation class of 2009.
In 2008, Rodriguez founded R.O.S.E.S. (Reaching Out Supporting Every Sister), a support group formed to professionally, spiritually, and emotionally empower women ages 18 through 25. Rodriguez is also a public speaker, generally for students, youth, and women. She shares a message called "Reaching the Dream," which focuses on goal setting, self-esteem, and her "The Three Keys to Success."

</doc>
<doc id="19942269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942269" title="Kashyapa I of Anuradhapura">
Kashyapa I of Anuradhapura

Kashyapa I, also known as Kasyapa I, was a king of Sri Lanka, who ruled the country from 473 to 495 CE. He was the second king of the royal Moriyan dynasty of Sri Lanka. Kashyapa is credited with the construction of the Sigiriya citadel and the surrounding city. He acquired the throne by overthrowing his father, King Dhatusena, and usurping his brother and rightful heir to the throne, Moggallana, in a palace coup. He imprisoned and later executed his father. Kashyapa was also known as "Pithru Ghathaka Kashyapa" (Kashyapa the Patricide), after this incident. He was later defeated by Moggallana, who had fled to South India and returned with an army to regain the throne. Kashyapa was killed in the battle that ensued.
Acquiring the throne.
Though Kashyapa was the eldest on of the king, he was not the heir to the throne. Moggallana was the son of the royal consort and the rightful heir to the throne, while Kassapa was born to a non-royal concubine. However, Kashyapa sought to acquire the throne by usurping Moggallana. He was assisted by the commander of the king’s army, Migara, who sought vengeance for a disagreement between himself and the king. Assisted and encouraged by Migara, Kashyapa carried out a palace coup and overthrew Dhatusena.
Dhatusena was imprisoned, and Kashyapa became the king of the country in 473, as the second king in the Moriyan Dynasty of Sri Lanka. However, Moggallana fled to South India, fearing that his brother would assassinate him. Migara led Kashyapa to believe that Dhatusena had treasures of large wealth hidden away, and Kashyapa demanded these treasures from the imprisoned king. Dhatusena took his captors to the Kalaweva, a large irrigation tank he had constructed, and told him that it was the only treasure he had. 
Enraged at this, Kasyapa had his father murdered by entombing him in a wall. (an alternate story is that he was buried alive in the bund wall of the Kalaweva.
Construction of the city and citadel at Sigiriya.
Kashyapa was disgraced among the public and the bikkhus, and he received the name "Pithru Ghathaka Kashyapa", meaning Kashyapa the Patricide. Because of this, and fearing an attack from Moggallana, Kashyapa moved his capital and residence from the traditional capital of Anuradhapura to the more secure location of Sigiriya. At Sigiriya, he constructed a large citadel and elaborate city. His palace was built on top of the Sigiriya rock.
Sigiriya was a large rock rising above the surrounding plain, offering an unhindered view in all directions. It was chosen as the capital because of the strategic advantage this would give the defenders during an attack. Large ramparts and moats were built around the city. An elaborate and large garden was built around the rock. These gardens consisted a number of pools, fountains and other structures. A complex underground irrigation system supplied water to these pools and fountains, and the fountains are functional to this day.
The constructions on top of the Sigiriya rock include the king’s palace among several other buildings and pools. The Sigiriya frescoes, which depict maidens carrying flowers, were also created during Kashyapa’s reign at Sigiriya.
Defeat and death.
Moggallana organised an army in South India and returned to Sri Lanka to claim his right to the throne. In the battle that ensued in the plains surrounding Sigiriya, Kashyapa’s army was defeated, and he killed himself with his own sword. Kashyapa’s reign as king of Sri Lanka ended with this defeat in 495, and Moggallana became the king as Moggallana I.

</doc>
<doc id="19942276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942276" title="Magura Cave">
Magura Cave

The Magura Cave () (from Romanian "magura", "hill") is located in north-western Bulgaria close to the village of Rabisha, 18 kilometres from the town of Belogradchik in Vidin Province. The total length of the 15 million year old cave is . The largest inland lake in the country, Rabisha Lake, is located in the vicinity of the cave and the whole region has been declared a natural landmark.
Bones from different prehistoric species like cave bear or cave hyena have been discovered in the Magura Cave.
Cave paintings dating from the late Neolithic, Epipaleolithic and early Bronze Age decorate some of the cave's walls. The drawings may represent religious ceremonies, deities and hunting scenes, and are unique for the Balkan peninsula. One grouping from the late Neolithic has been interpreted as a solar calendar, the earliest such representation yet discovered in Europe. The medium used to create the art was bat guano. More than 750 images have been identified. Access to the area of the paintings is restricted in an effort to preserve them.
In 1984 the site was placed on the Tentative List for consideration as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="19942293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942293" title="Ken Trinkle">
Ken Trinkle

Kenneth Wayne Trinkle (December 15, 1919 – May 10, 1976) was an American professional baseball player, a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who served for the military in World War II during his career. He was born in Paoli, Indiana in the United States. He played Major League Baseball with the New York Giants from –, and the Philadelphia Phillies in . As a relief specialist in Major League Baseball, he led the National League in appearances in and . He threw and batted right-handed during his baseball career.
Career.
Baseball.
Ken Trinkle signed a professional contract to play with the Thomasville Dodgers Minor League Baseball team in 1939 after playing baseball as pitcher in high-school. As a Minor League Baseball player, Trinkle played baseball in the Baltimore Orioles organization of the International League from to , and was 15–11 during his last year with the Orioles before being purchased by the New York Giants.
Trinkle made his major league debut with the New York Giants on April 25, 1943 at age 23. He made 11 appearances with the Giants. Despite a respectable 3.74 earned run average (ERA), he went 1–5 when he got farmed out to Jersey City, New Jersey.
Military service.
On September 18, 1943, Trinkle entered military service with the United States Army during World War II. In 1944, he was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, where he played with the Fort Riley baseball team. He played alongside Pete Reiser, Harry Walker, Joe Gantenbein, Al Brazle, Murry Dickson and Joe Garagiola.
Trinkle, Dickson and Gantenbein were later shipped to France. They eventually had been separated upon arrival. Trinkle went to the replacement center and served for the 9th Armored Division military unit. He fought during the Battle of the Bulge and was awarded a Bronze Star for his service. “I was a scout in a reconnaissance outfit,” he told "The Sporting News" on June 4, 1947. “We would go out in front of the infantry to report if anything was there. If you didn’t come back, they knew there was something out there.”
After the German surrender in May 1945, Trinkle teamed up with Ralph Houk for the 9th Armored Division baseball team. They made it to the play-offs of the 1945 ETO World Series. Another teammate was a Minor League Baseball player, Ed Musial, who was Stan's younger brother. After the cease of hostilities in Europe, Trinkle played for the 71st Infantry Division Red Circlers baseball team. The team featured players such as Ewell Blackwell, Ancil Moore, Johnny Wyrostek, Garland Lawing, Russ Kern, Milt Ticco, Herb Bremer and Bill Ayers. The team eventually lost the World Series.
Post-military service.
By November 1945, Trinkle was back playing with the New York Giants. He made a league-leading 48 appearances for the Giants in , and in , he again led the National League in appearances with 62, finishing 38 of those games. On June 11, 1947, future Baseball Hall of Famer Mel Ott made his last appearance as a player when he pinch hit for Trinkle in the New York Giants' 8–7 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates when he popped the ball to shortstop. He made a further 53 appearances in 1948, but Trinkle was purchased by the Philadelphia Phillies on December 14. In 1949, his only season with Philadelphia and his last in Major League Baseball, Trinkle pitched in 42 games and recorded his highest major league earned run average (ERA) at 4.00. Trinkle pitched for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League in , and was back with Baltimore for the and baseball seasons.
Ken Trinkle died on May 10, 1976 in his hometown of Paoli, Indiana at age 55.

</doc>
<doc id="19942294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942294" title="Cyril Stanley Bamberger">
Cyril Stanley Bamberger

Cyril Stanley "Bam" Bamberger DFC* AE* (1919–2008) was a Royal Air Force pilot who fought in the Battle of Britain, the Defence of Malta and the Korean War.
Early life.
Bamberger was born in Hyde, Cheshire, and educated locally. He left school in 1934, aged 14, and joined Lever Brothers as an electrical apprentice.
In 1936 he volunteered for the Auxiliary Air Force and was posted to the bomber squadron, No. 610 (County of Chester) Squadron AuxAF (Auxiliary Air Force), as a photographer. Bamberger was accepted for pilot training with the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve (RAFVR) in 1938 (Service No. 810024).
Second World War Service.
Bamberger was called to full-time service on the outbreak of war, completed his training and rejoined his former squadron, now with Spitfires, at RAF Biggin Hill on 27 July 1940, as a Sergeant Pilot. Bamberger flew with 610 Sqn during the early air fighting over the Channel that followed the Dunkirk evacuation. The squadron suffered heavy casualties but Bamberger was credited with a "probable" Messerschmitt Me109 on 28 August in combat off the Kent coast.
When 610 Sqn was withdrawn to rest in mid-September 1940, Bamberger was posted to No. 41 Squadron RAF at Hornchurch and was soon back in action in the Battle of Britain. He was credited with his first confirmed combat victory, again an Me109, over Canterbury on 5 October.
With the Battle of Britain winding down, Bamberger volunteered for Malta. He flew Hurricanes with No. 261 Squadron RAF from Hal Far from late November 1940 and was credited with shooting down two Junkers Ju 87 aircraft over the Grand Harbour in January 1941.
Bamberger joined No. 93 Squadron RAF in 1942 and was deployed to Tunisia. He was commissioned Pilot Officer (No. 116515) on 9 February 1942 and promoted to Flying Officer on 1 October 1942. With the same Squadron he returned to Malta in 1943 and was credited with another kill, again a Junkers Ju 87 on 13 July, this time over Sicily. 
Bamberger was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) which was gazetted on 28 September 1943. 
Bamberger was promoted to Flight Lieutenant on 9 February 1944, returned to the UK in July 1944 and in November of the same year was awarded the bar to his DFC.
Post Second World War.
Bamberger was released from RAF service in 1946 and he returned to Lever before joining the management of a Guinness subsidiary.
When No. 610 Squadron RAF was reformed as a Royal Auxiliary Air Force unit he rejoined it as a flight commander and was given the rank of Flight Lieutenant. In 1950 he became the squadron's Commanding Officer . having converted to Gloster Meteor aircraft. After the outbreak of the Korean War Bamberger accepted a permanent RAF commission, and for most of the duration of that conflict was an intelligence officer at the Air Ministry. He was promoted to Squadron Leader on 1 January 1957.
Bamberger later converted to flying helicopters and flew the Bristol Sycamore aircraft in Aden.
He finally retired in 1959, after being awarded the Air Efficiency Award and Bar.
Post RAF Life.
After retiring from the RAF in 1959, Bamberger went into business, founding a packaging materials company. He later ran an antiques business. He remained active in RAF matters and was closely involved with the Bentley Priory Battle of Britain Trust, of which he was vice-chairman. 
Bamberger died on 3 February 2008, aged 88. He was survived by his wife Heather, whom he married in 1954, and by three sons and a daughter. It was Bam's granddaughter who presented the Duchess of Cornwall with a posy at the unveiling of the Battle of Britain Monument in London on 18 September 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19942300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942300" title="Octodrine">
Octodrine

Octodrine is a stimulant drug whose pharmacology was briefly studied in the early 1950s. A platinum complex form of the molecule was also investigated as a possible anti-tumor drug.

</doc>
<doc id="19942313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942313" title="Blanche of France">
Blanche of France

Blanche of France may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942320" title="Omega Special Task Force">
Omega Special Task Force

The Special Task Force "Omega" () is a Georgian élite Special Forces unit, one of the first such formations in the country, active since 1993.
History.
The Omega unit was formed 1993 under the supervision of Georgia's Information-Analytical and Reconnaissance Bureau, a successor to the Georgian branch of the former Soviet KGB (Committee for State Security), chaired by Irakli Batiashvili. The unit is specialized primarily on counter-terrorism and covert operations. It's operatives cooperate with US and British Special Forces which also provide the group’s special armaments. The Omega force was subordinated to the Georgian Ministry of State Security and was responsible for over 200 special operations in Georgia and foreign countries – most of them successful. 
After the major reshuffle in Georgia’s military leadership following the Georgian civil war and the government’s temporary reorientation to Russia, the Omega group fell in disfavor, especially under the Security Minister Igor Giorgadze, who gave preference to the Russian-trained special forces unit ALFA. The Omega leadership was perceived to have been disloyal to the government. In September 1995, several of the Omega officers were accused of having been involved in the August 29, 1995 assassination attempt of Eduard Shevardnadze, Georgia’s head of state. Its commander, Nikoloz Kvezereli, was arrested and charged with organization of the attack on Shevardnadze. The court, however, did not find him guilty and sentenced him seven years’ imprisonment for the alleged abuse of office. Later, several other Omega officers were also arrested, and some of them were found dead in suspicious circumstances. Kvezereli was later pardoned and released. He was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from 1999 to 2008. General Zaza Gogava, a Chief of Joint Staff of the Georgian Armed Forces from 2006 to 2008, also served in the Omega group. 
Since 2005, together with the fast response unit ALFA, the newly formed Omega Special Task Force is part of a joint anti terror headquarter of the Counter Terror Division of the Georgian Ministry of Internal Affairs. The veteran members of these units are qualified and prepared on highest international level for counter-terrorism and counter-insurgency. The members of this formation underwent many joint operations in cooperation with foreign agencies and special services, including those of the United States, Great Britain and Israel. Admission criteria include several years of service in a security or military special purpose unit, high condition, a wide spectrum of combat, tactics and leadership skills. The activities of this unit are highly classified.

</doc>
<doc id="19942336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942336" title="1968 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1968 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1968 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. The championship, which was contested over a single race staged at the Warwick Farm circuit in New South Wales, Australia on 8 September 1968 was the ninth running of the Australian Touring Car Championship.
Results.
Class winners.
Note:There were 30 cars allocated grid positions for the event and 28 cars started. 13 cars finished.

</doc>
<doc id="19942349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942349" title="1995 BMW Open – Singles">
1995 BMW Open – Singles

Michael Stich was the defending champion, but lost in the final this year.
Wayne Ferreira won the title, defeating Stich 7–5, 7–6(8–6) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19942364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942364" title="Bittu Sahgal">
Bittu Sahgal

Bittu Sahgal, an Environmental activist and writer, is the founding editor of "Sanctuary Asia", India's premier wildlife and ecology magazine. He is a member of the National Board for Wildlife of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (India). He is also at the forefront of the battle to protect India from the worst impacts of climate change.
Early life.
Born on 12 October 1947 in Shimla, where he graduated from Bishop Cotton High School in 1963. He grew up in Kolkata before moving to Mumbai in 1970, where he currently lives. He has been associated with Project Tiger from its inception and was greatly influenced by Dr Salim Ali the famous "Birdman of India", Kailash Sankhala, the first Director of Project Tiger and Fateh Singh Rathore, Field Director, Ranthambhore Tiger Reserve, to propagate the concept of tiger protection in India.
Publications.
He founded Sanctuary Asia in 1981 at the suggestion of Fateh Singh Rathore who told him "Start a wildlife magazine. So that city people learn to appreciate wildlife and do less damage!". He founded Cub Magazine, which is now edited by his daughter, Tara Sahgal. He has authored numerous book on wildlife including, most recently: "India Naturally, The Bandhavgarh Inheritance, The Sundarbans Inheritance, The Bharatpur Inheritance, The Kaziranga Inheritance, The Corbett Inheritance and The Periyar Inheritance".
He writes for both English and local language newspapers and magazines in India. He has produced over 30 conservation-related documentaries. He contributes regularly to "Bittu Sahgal's Blog" where he expounds on topical environmental issues.
Kids for Tigers.
He founded Kids for Tigers, the Sanctuary Tiger Programme in the year 2000. A mass contact campaign, this reaches out to over 650 schools in 15 Indian cities and covers one million children. Their mission is simple; Kids for Tigers wishes to convey to adults that: "The tiger will only be saved if its forests are saved. By saving these forests, India protects over 600 of its purest rivers and in the process the forests sequester and store carbon in the most effective way possible."
Recent quotes.
"When someone harms your city, get vocal, write to the media, unite to fight the dismal ones. Don't turn the anger inwards."
"To fight environmental damage, use your core competence. Poets write poetry. Journalists write exposes. Students use LOUD unity."
"I guess it’s your generation that must take the call…. As for mine? I know if they CAN do harm they WILL do harm."
"There is urgency. Lots of urgency. It’s just that we have been trying to wake the nation for 30 years and we need new legs & minds. (Speak Up!)"
"The government takes no action against mining companies because members of the government ARE mining companies."
"We need to mine efficiently, away from the last 3% of land in India that has forests. Also when we mine we must restore."
"Astounding. Corporate heads imagine their businesses can thrive in an era of climate change where society itself could fail."
"My favourite Tagore quote? "To enjoy something, it's essential to guard it with the fence of leisure." This is why I spend time in the wilds."
"I do not worry that we are turning our backs on nature. What worries me is that it’s the other way round."
"Silly question: "What came first—tigers or tiger tourism?" Outside Corbett some new lodges, not surprisingly, will give you the wrong answer."
"Basic fact. Tiger & all wildlife habitats are doing more to fight climate change & supply water than all of India scientists put together."
"Two forest-destroying forces are financing Naxal violence: 1. Wildlife and timber poachers including the Katha mafia, 2.) Large mining companies."

</doc>
<doc id="19942367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942367" title="Fusion (video game)">
Fusion (video game)

Fusion is a computer game by Bullfrog released in 1989.
It is a multi-directional scrolling shoot 'em up game (with parallax scrolling). The action is viewed from the top. The player controls either a ground-based crawler or a spacecraft. There are thirteen levels.
Development.
The game was created by Peter Molyneux and Glenn Corpes, the former doing of most of the programming and design and the latter taking care of graphics and animation. The music was written by David Hanlon.
Reception.
A UK magazine gave the ST version a score of 9 out of 10, saying that despite being "yet another vertically scrolling shoot-'em-up" it has "sufficient variation".

</doc>
<doc id="19942388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942388" title="When Betty Met YETI">
When Betty Met YETI

"When Betty Met YETI" is the ninth episode in the third season, the 50th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on November 20, 2008. The episode was directed by Victor Neili, Jr.
Plot.
While getting ready for work at the beginning of the day, Betty is interrupted by Amanda who is ringing a bell in the bathtub. Betty is annoyed because Amanda treats her like an assistant at home. Betty has bigger concerns after she sees former "Mode" assistant Nick Pepper returning to tell his former colleagues about his success as Deputy Culture Editor of "The New York Review." His secret to success lay with the prestigious Young Editors Training Initiative, YETI for short. Since his departure, he has been able to catapult and become an editor.
Betty grabs an application to YETI, only to discover that she has a mere 48 hours to put together a magazine concept that reflects herself. She also must get a letter of recommendation from a sponsor, Daniel, who seems to be avoiding the task. At first she tries to present a fashion magazine mockup, and with help from Hilda, Ignacio, Justin and Christina, Betty walks into YETI as she gives her presentation about "B magazine," the lifestyle magazine for young women who to be inspired and cultivate who they already are. As Betty and supporters Hilda and Ignacio walked out, they're stunned to see Marc showing up with an entourage that included Amanda in tow. He is applying with his own fashion magazine, which he had worked on for three months, called "A-List." Both Marc and Betty understand that YETI only chooses one winner per magazine. Sensing that he has a better presentation and better sponsors who personally know the judges (Mark Badgley and James Mischka), Betty feels like her chances at making it into the program are slim.
Back at the office, Betty, after dreaming about being stuck as Daniel's assistant, gives Daniel the cold shoulder via text messaging. As he tries to apologize for his neglect, the phone rings and Betty discovers she has been chosen to enter the YETI program. Betty approaches Marc who tries to ignore her consoling. He tells Betty that the reason she was chosen because she is Latina, helping YETI meet its quota. Betty became offended by Marc's claims, but later, she tells an excited Hilda and Ignacio that YETI did chose her because of her race. Betty felt that she shouldn't take advantage of this, because she wants to be judged on her work. Hours later she stops by to tell Marc that she turned down YETI so that Marc can attend. He reluctantly accepts and apologizes to Betty; the two reconcile. Daniel gets wind of what Betty did for Marc, writes her a six-page letter, and calls YETI. He explained that earlier in the year Betty had worked with him at "Player", and therefore, Marc and she were from different magazines. Once Betty returns to her desk from speaking with Marc, Daniel surprises her with a YETI internship. In the end both Betty and Marc celebrate from their desks while still working for their bosses.
Meanwhile Justin makes an unlikely friend in Randy, the bully who became his friend after they tried out for "Billy Elliot: The Musical", even though Randy has started to distance himself from Justin due to peer pressure from his old friends. Hilda surprises Justin with broadway tickets to "In The Heights" for him and Randy, but at school Justin would get a reality check on true friendship when Randy embarrasses him outside of the school by telling him "Dude, stop following me around. It's pathetic. Get a life." This would cause Justin to lash out at Hilda after he came home and went to his room, but the following morning at breakfast Hilda would sit down to talk to Justin and as he opens up about what Randy did, Hilda told her son that he was perfect and that he should never change what who he is. Justin then ask his mother if she will accompany him to "In The Heights" that evening.
Wilhelmina does her best to get Connor's attention as they head off to Florida for a business meeting, which Connor accepts, resulting in Connor asking Daniel to substitute him at Molly's school to show him off to her students for a Thanksgiving Day project, where it appears that Daniel and Molly seem to be hitting it off. Unfortunately, as Molly later calls Daniel that she enjoyed the time she had with him, Wilhelmina's attempts to get Connor drunk at her hotel room turns out to be a bust as Connor tells Wilhelmina that he is still devoted to Molly. As Wilhelmina returns to work she tells Marc that she will give up on snaring Connor, but judging from the way she snapped at Marc before she congratulated him on his YETI internship, this looks like it's not over yet.
Comparisons.
Around the time this episode aired, its Philippine counterpart "I ♥ Betty La Fea" had a storyline in which the titular character was preparing to launch a similar magazine that was also called "B". This case of similarities can also be contributed to the Filipino version using some of the elements from the American version, as well as from "Yo soy Betty, la fea", from which the Filipino and American versions derived their ideas.
Reception.
In a review from zap2it's Hahn Nguyen, "For anyone who has struggled to break out of their entry level position, does "Ugly Betty" have an episode for you. I kinda loved this part attempt to get into YETI of the episode."
The episode's take on affirmative action, especially on racial and homosexual stereotyping, didn't go unnoticed in this review from Television Without Pity.
"Entertainment Weekly"'s Tanner Stransky notes that the scenes involving Betty and Marc were among the best in this episode.
Ratings.
The episode ran second in most categories at 8 o'clock with a 5.4/9 rating, a 2.5/7 in 18-49s and 8.3 million viewers overall. However it was off by 900,000 viewers (down 10 percent) from the previous episode after several weeks of rating increases.

</doc>
<doc id="19942397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942397" title="Accident Fund">
Accident Fund

Accident Fund Insurance Company of America is a workers' compensation insurance company headquartered in Lansing, Michigan licensed to offer their services in 49 states plus the District of Columbia. The company is an operating unit of Accident Fund Holdings, one of the largest writer of workers compensation insurance in the United States according to A.M. Best.
The company is currently led by Michael K. Britt, president.
History.
Accident Fund was founded as a state operation in 1912. It was purchased by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan in 1994.
In April 2011 Accident Fund completed redevelopment of the Ottawa Street Power Station, an Art Deco landmark on the Grand River in downtown Lansing, Michigan, as its new corporate headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="19942399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942399" title="Tom Adair">
Tom Adair

Thomas Montgomery "Tom" Adair (June 15, 1913 – May 24, 1988) was an American songwriter, composer, and screenwriter.
Biography.
Tom Adair (Thomas Montgomery Adair) was born on 15 June 1913, in Newton, Kansas, the only child of William Adair and Madge Cochran.
His father owned a clothing store in Newton; around 1923 he sold up and moved the family to Los Angeles. Tom Adair attended Los Angeles Junior College (now Los Angeles City College), and then joined the local power company, working as a clerk on the complaints desk, while writing poems and song lyrics in his spare time.
In 1941, Adair met Matt Dennis in a club and the duo began writing songs together. Adair's song-writing career took him to New York during the 1940s where he penned several Broadway hits, and worked with Tommy Dorsey and Frank Sinatra. He later returned to Los Angeles and worked with writer James B. Allardice on songs for sit-coms.
In 1949 Adair married Frances Jeffords; in later life, they worked together on songs and teleplays for Disney. They had four children, Micheal Adair, Richard Adair, Ann Trousdale (Adair), and Robin Brown (Adair); and four grandchildren Tom Adair, Kristi Adair, Jennifer Adair, and Julie Adair.
The Adairs retired to Hawaii in 1984. Tom died on 24 May 1988, in Honolulu.
Career.
After meeting Matt Dennis in 1940, Adair started working with him, moving to New York when the duo were hired by Tommy Dorsey. Adair and Dennis wrote numerous songs for Dorsey, Bing Crosby, and Dinah Shore and penned Frank Sinatra's hit "Let's Get Away from It All." In 1942, Matt Dennis joined the Army Air Corps. Adair moved on to work with Dick Uhl and hit song "In the Blue of the Evening" with Alfonso d'Artega.
From June 1944, Adair worked with composer Gordon Jenkins in writing a complete score every week for the Auto-Lite radio show, which featured singer Dick Haymes.
He wrote many hit songs, including "Let's Get Away From It All", "Everything Happens To Me", "In The Blue of Evening", "Will You Still Be Mine?", "Violets for Your Furs", "The Night We Called It A Day", "The Skyscraper Blues", "A Home-Sweet-Home In The Army", "How Will I Know My Love?", "Sing A Smiling Song", "Paul Bunyan", "There's No You", and "Weep No More".
In 1949, Adair wrote the lyrics for the Broadway production of "Along Fifth Avenue". It ran for 180 performances at the Broadhurst Theatre, with the original cast including Carol Bruce, Jackie Gleason, George S. Irving, Hank Ladd, Donald Richards and Nancy Walker.
After the show closed, Adair returned to Los Angeles, working for Disney in the 1950s. 
In 1958, Adair first met James B. Allardice while working on "The Ann Sothern Show" (1958); he wrote the music while Allardice was a writer on the show. Adair went on to have a successful partnership working on the sit-com, "Hazel" (1961); however, they also collaborated in the writing on two episodes of "Hazel": "A Replacement For Phoebe" (which aired on 10/2/61) and "Harold's Good Fortune" (which aired on 11/30/61). Later the two collaborated on many other shows, including "My Three Sons", "F Troop,", "Hogan's Heroes", "I Dream of Jeannie" and "Gomer Pyle". The partnership lasted until Allardice's death in 1966.
A late triumph was the lyrics for an NBC cartoon special, "Babar Comes to America" (1971) with John Scott Trotter.
MUSIC IN FILMS
(2011) The Ides of March 
Role: Song:: 
George Clooney, Ryan Gosling.
(2004) Melinda and Melinda 
Role: Song:: 
Johnny Lee Miller
(2000) Keeping the Faith
Role: Song:: 
Eli Wallach
(1999) The End of the Affair 
Role: Song:: 
Ralph Fiennes
(1998) Playing By Heart 
Role: Song:: 
Sean Connery
MUSIC IN TELEVISION
(2002) We Were the Mulvaneys 
Role: Song
VANITY FAIR MAGAZINE
(2010, October) "The Night Sinatra Became Sinatra" <br>Vanity Fair Magazine excerpts, "Sinatras first recording away from Dorsey took place at RCA’s Los Angeles studios on the afternoon of Monday, January 19, 1942. He had chosen the song for his attempt as a soloist, a ballad, naturally, all dripping with romance: it was “The Night We Called It a Day,” by these new kids Matt Dennis and Tom Adair, who’d written “Let’s Get Away from It All” and “Violets for Your Furs.”<br>
http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/features/2010/10/frank-sinatra-201010

</doc>
<doc id="19942400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942400" title="Gilbert McKenna">
Gilbert McKenna

Gilbert McKenna (1800 – after 1877) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Shelburne County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1840 to 1843 and from 1847 to 1851.
He was born in Shelburne, Nova Scotia, the son of Duncan McKenna, a United Empire Loyalist originally from Scotland. McKenna was educated in Shelburne and Halifax. In 1846, he married Mary Stalker. McKenna was called to the province's Legislative Council in 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="19942407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942407" title="K26EW">
K26EW

K26EW was a low-power television station licensed to Idaho Falls, Idaho. It was a repeater that broadcast programming from the Trinity Broadcasting Network, via satellite, and broadcast in analog on UHF channel 26, with no digital channel. 
History.
K26EW first signed on September 29, 1999. It left the air on July 1, 2010. Its license, along with 43 other silent TBN repeaters, was canceled on December 1, 2011, for remaining silent over a year. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942408" title="Lifespan (film)">
Lifespan (film)

Lifespan is a 1976 Dutch thriller film directed by Alexander Whitelaw and starring Hiram Keller, Tina Aumont and Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
American Dr. Ben Land travels to Amsterdam to find with Dr. Linden, an expert on aging who is supposedly close to a breakthrough. Unfortunately, Dr. Linden is discovered hanged and Ben is left with only baffling clues. He becomes intimate with Anna, who worked as a bondage model for the doctor. In an extended and controversial scene, the two engage in light shibari bondage of Anna, the first such instance of bondage in mainstream media. Later, Ben discovers that Anna knows more than she should about the mysterious 'Swiss man', Nicholas Ulrich.

</doc>
<doc id="19942421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942421" title="Blanche of France, Duchess of Orléans">
Blanche of France, Duchess of Orléans

Blanche of France (1 April 1328 – 8 February 1382) was the posthumous daughter of King Charles IV of France and his third wife Jeanne d'Évreux.
Succession.
As with his brother before him, Charles IV died without a male heir, thus ending the direct line of the House of Capet. Twelve years earlier, a rule against succession by females, arguably derived from the Salic law, had been recognized as controlling succession to the French throne. Application of this rule barred Charles' 1-year-old daughter Mary from succeeding as the monarch.
Jeanne was also pregnant at the time of his death. Since it could have been possible that she would give birth to a son, a regency was set up with the heir presumptive Philip of Valois, a member of the House of Valois (the next-most-senior branch of the Capetian dynasty), being the regent. After two months, Jeanne gave birth to Blanche. The regent thus became the King and in May was consecrated and crowned Philip VI. At this time, a further rule of succession, again arguably based on the Salic law, was recognized as forbidding not only inheritance by a woman, but also inheritance through a female line.
Marriage.
Blanche married on 8 January 1345 her cousin Philip, Duke of Orléans (1336–1375), son of King Philip VI of France and Queen Joan the Lame. They had no children but Philip had illegitimate children. He had died in 1376, his title and lands returning to the royal domain.
Blanche died in 1392 and is buried in the chapel of Notre-Dame in the Basilica of St Denis.

</doc>
<doc id="19942433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942433" title="Jerry Neudecker">
Jerry Neudecker

Jerome A. Neudecker (August 13, 1930 – January 11, 1997) was a Major League Baseball umpire who worked in the American League from to . He wore number 6 when the league adopted uniform numbers in 1980.
Early career.
Born in Marine, Illinois, Neudecker attended Johnson's Umpire School, run by former NL umpire Steamboat Johnson. After attending the umpire school, Neudecker began working in the Georgia-Florida League in 1950. In 1951, he moved to the Evangeline Baseball League. While serving in the Air Force, stationed in Valdosta, Georgia, Neudecker returned to the Georgia-Florida league in 1954 and 1955. In 1956, he began work in the South Atlantic League, before returning to the Air Force and serving until 1960.
Neudecker resumed working in the South Atlantic League in 1960 and continued through 1962. The league's name was then changed to the Southern League, and Neudecker continued umpiring there through 1965, before being called up to the American League at the end of the 1965 season.
Major league career.
Neudecker worked in three All-Star Games (1966, 1972 and 1976) four American League Championship Series (1970, 1974, 1977 and 1981) and two World Series (1973 and 1979). He was the home plate umpire in Game 7 of the 1979 Series, which the Pittsburgh Pirates won after Willie Stargell’s sixth-inning home run gave them a 2-1 lead and propelled them to a third straight victory over the Baltimore Orioles, who had led the Series three games to one. Neudecker also officiated in four no-hitters, including being the home plate umpire for two: Joe Horlen’s on September 10, and Catfish Hunter’s perfect game on May 8, .
Neudecker was the last full-time Major League umpire to use a "balloon" chest protector. (Bill Deegan, who had quit during the season, wore this chest protector during two umpire strikes: on Opening Day, , and for two games during the season.) After his retirement, his chest protector was sent to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Neudecker became the assistant supervisor of American League umpires in 1986, working under Marty Springstead. At the time of his death, he was working in the Baseball Umpire Development program.
Neudecker died of cancer at age 66 at Fort Walton Beach, Florida, and was buried there at Beal Memorial Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19942457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942457" title="Barbara West (TV news anchor)">
Barbara West (TV news anchor)

Barbara (Schmitt) West (born 1948) is a television journalist and former news anchor for WFTV in Orlando, Florida. She and her husband have now organized a not-for-profit foundation that raises significant amounts of money for leading hospitals, animal shelters, hospices, educational institutions and other charitable organizations across the country. 
Personal information.
West attended the University of Vermont and obtained a Master's degree. While there, she won the 1969 Miss Vermont contest and was selected to represent her state in the national Miss America competition. Before starting her career in television news, she was an Assistant Professor at the university.
West's husband Wade West is a former political strategist for both Democrats and Republicans, including presidential cabinet members and the Bush and Clinton administrations.
Journalism career.
West was principal assistant to Peter Jennings while he was anchor for ABC's "World News Tonight" in London. She helped cover such stories as the Royal Wedding of Charles and Diana and the Iranian Hostage Crisis. Since 1992 she has served as health reporter and anchor for Orlando's WFTV news at noon and 5:30. As a health reporter she traveled to Canada to report on its health care system and to the Ukraine to report on the 10th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster and its health effects. She received the 2002 Summit Award for Community service from Central Florida Women's Resource Center and an Emmy for her reporting on women fighting breast cancer. On her official biography page on WFTV.com, she lists her first two specific accomplishments as covering the inauguration of President George W. Bush and covering the impeachment of President Bill Clinton.
2008 presidential race interviews.
On October 23, 2008, West interviewed Democratic vice-presidential candidate Joe Biden with questions she personally wrote. West asked Biden if he was "embarrassed about Barack Obama's affiliation with ACORN" given allegations of voter registration fraud by ACORN in elections past, likened Obama's response to a question from Ohio voter "Joe the Plumber" to a quote from Karl Marx, asked how Obama is not being a Marxist given his views on "spreading the wealth", and questioned if Obama might lead the U.S. "into a socialist country much like Sweden." At one point, Biden asked West if she was joking, and later suggested she was offering "talking points" against Obama.
The Obama campaign responded saying "This station's interview with Joe Biden wasn't tough — it was just absurd." The Obama campaign cancelled a subsequent interview with the candidate's wife, Jill Biden. Obama's Florida spokeswoman called West "both combative and woefully uninformed about simple facts." 
WFTV's news director defended her, saying she had not been inappropriately tough: "I'd rather be known as aggressive than pulling punches. We ask questions on behalf of viewers." 
Reactions from commentators were varied. Some criticized her performance, claiming she gave a softer interview with Republican candidate John McCain and that she was exhibiting conservative bias. Others said that these characterizations were unfair and that Biden had overreacted. A few noted her husband's connections with the Republican Party, questioning if that was an influencing factor. West was able to easily deflect such criticisms, since her husband had been sent overseas on a number of occasions by the Clinton Administration to represent Clinton's State Department. He also provided coaching and consulting for the Department of Justice Office of Civil Rights Enforcement. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942460" title="You Better Not Waste My Time">
You Better Not Waste My Time

"You Better Not Waste My Time" also known as "Better Not Waste My Time" is the debut single by British MOBO-award winning hip-hop group N-Dubz. It was released on 19 August 2006 as a digital download only single, whilst the group was still self-funded. It was then later re-released on 22 October 2007, this time with a physical release and under the group's new record label at the time – Polydor Records. The single was later featured on N-Dubz's Platinum-selling debut album "Uncle B" which was released in November 2008. 
Background.
"You Better Not Waste My Time" is a mid-paced track which features an upbeat rhythm consisting of lightly placed keys, horns and strong bass. It is both written and produced by the group and Jack Freegard. The song features vocals and rapping by all three of N-Dubz's members: Dappy, Tulisa and Fazer. The song's intro and chorus are rapped by Dappy and Tulisa is involved in the backing vocals and reply verse of the song. The song then ends off with a verse rapped by Fazer. The general theme of the song is about growing up, the difficulties of it and how to use it to make you stronger. The lyrics involve stereotyping and the discriminating of "untalented" scholars or kids who never completed their school career. Examples of this include Dappy's verse "Just because I neva went to school don't mean I can't be perfect". Tulisa's reply verse involves the difficulty that girls face during their school years and how jealousy more often than not results in conflict in competitive situations at school with lyrics such as "So much hate, lies an deceit" describing the extent of the conflict of these situations between girls at school. The second half of the song is aimed inspiring the song's listener, from the personal experience of the group, to not take notice of the difficulties of life but rather to rise above it despite what people say. An example of this is found in the line "I love my Nike Air, but now movin onto Gucci and Prada". The single was released and re-released before making the group's debut album, "Uncle B" and therefore didn't have an effect on the album's sales which were first boosted by the group's later single "Ouch" in 2008. The re-release of the song featured a significantly shorter version of the original; the re-release version being 03:30 long and the original 05:10. Tulisa's view on the re-release of the song: I think re-releasing "Better Not Waste My Time" was a mistake Polydor made because they weren't aiming at our main fanbase, they were reaching out for a new fanbase. It did gain us new fans, but at the same time, we missed out on how many thousands of fans we already had, because we didn't bring out a fresh track. "You Better Not Waste My Time" is featured as the second track on N-Dubz's setlist for their Uncle B Tour.
Critical reception.
Inthenews.co.uk: "You Better Not Waste My Time reflects N-Dubz's excellent credentials; a hook-driven gem with a conscious edge" Citylife.co.uk: also positively backed the song saying: "You Better Not Waste My Time has a sense of urgency about it and gets right in your head within seconds. What lifts this track though is the combination of rap with superb vocals", overall describing the song as a "slickly produced track with a central hook to die for".
Music video.
N-Dubz created two music videos for "You Better Not Waste My Time". The first and original video was self-funded by the group by themselves but as part of the single's re-release promotion under Polydor Records a new video was remade, making it the second and official music video for the track. The first was uploaded onto YouTube on 15 March 2007; as of 12 June 2009 this video has been viewed 1,355,108 times. The second was uploaded onto YouTube on 22 September 2007, also on 12 June 2009; this video has so far been viewed 1,456,804 times. The first video is 5:18 long; the second video is considerably shorter at 3:40 long. The first video features Dappy in a series of comic costumes and all three members performing in a pool. The explicit version of the song is used in this version of the video. The second video starts off with a dancer dancing in the dark, then Dappy lighting a match. He then throws it away and you see that all members of N-Dubz are sitting on the floor. Dappy gets up and walks off, stage lights turn off and shows that some dancers are performing. It then goes pitch black and all you can see is Dappy. It then shows a person screaming on stage, then a ninja jumps down, then Dappy sits on a chair and gets touched up. Then it shows all three members of N-Dubz dancing together, then it goes pitch black and all you can see is Tulisa, then the stage lights turn on and you can see the performance on stage. Then it goes close to Tulisa who is sitting down, then she walks off, she joins the rest of N-Dubz, then it goes pitch black. Tulisa and Dappy walk off and you can only see Fazer, he then walks off. The stage lights come on and you can see the performance again, but then it goes dark. Then it shows Dappy with a teddy bear. Then it shows N-Dubz performing together, then it ends with them performing and the dancers dancing around them. Despite the single's limited commercial release in 2006, the music video spent seven weeks at No. 1 on the UK's Channel U.
Chart Information.
"You Better Not Waste My Time" first entered the UK Singles Chart in 2006, at #141. During the re-release of the single in 2007, "You Better Not Waste My Time" re-entered the singles chart at No. 96 on 27 October 2007 – making it the group's third Top 100 hit, following previous singles "Feva Las Vegas" and "I Swear". The following week, the song climbed 70 places to No. 26, where it peaked and provided N-Dubz with their first of five top 30 hits on the UK Singles Chart so far. The other four hit singles being, "Ouch", "Papa Can You Hear Me?", "Strong Again" and "Number 1". The single spent its last week on the UK Singles Chart on 24 November 2007 at #87. Accumilatively spending a total of five weeks in the top 100 and three weeks in the top 75 of the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19942490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942490" title="Golden Night">
Golden Night

Golden Night (, ) is a 1976 French drama film directed by Serge Moati and starring Klaus Kinski. 
Plot.
A man who was considered dead returns in order to get back at those enemies who tried to kill him off.

</doc>
<doc id="19942524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942524" title="Royal Academy (China)">
Royal Academy (China)

The Royal Academy () is the official school for music, dance, and theater in China between the Tang Dynasty and Ming Dynasty, lasting more than 1000 years.
History.
In the 7th Century, the Chinese Royal Academy was set up by Emperor Gaozu of Tang in the purpose to teach music, theater, and dance for court entertainment. The name of the Royal Academy at first was Private Academy (Chinese: 內教坊), coordinated by the Tai-Chang Temple (Chinese: 太常寺, the central religion administration for the royal family). In the years of Empress Wu Zetian, the Private Academy was once called Yun-Shao Palace (Chinese: 雲韶府, which means the place of cloud and sunlight). Finally, Emperor Zhongzong of Tang renamed the academy to the Royal Academy. In the mean time, he made the school independent with a new governmental official similar to the western Kapellmeister to guide.

</doc>
<doc id="19942528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942528" title="Systolic freedom">
Systolic freedom

In differential geometry, systolic freedom refers to the fact that closed Riemannian manifolds may have arbitrarily small volume regardless of their systolic invariants.
That is, systolic invariants or products of systolic invariants do not in general provide universal (i.e. curvature-free) lower bounds for the total volume of a closed Riemannian manifold.
Systolic freedom was first detected by Mikhail Gromov in an I.H.É.S. preprint in 1992 (which eventually appeared as ), and was further developed by Mikhail Katz, Michael Freedman and others. Gromov's observation was elaborated on by . One of the first publications to study systolic freedom in detail is by . 
Systolic freedom has applications in quantum error correction. survey the main results on systolic freedom.
Example.
The complex projective plane admits Riemannian metrics of arbitrarily small volume, such that every essential surface is of area at least 1. Here a surface is called "essential" if it cannot be contracted to a point in the ambient 4-manifold.
Systolic constraint.
The opposite of systolic freedom is systolic constraint, characterized by the presence of systolic inequalities such as Gromov's systolic inequality for essential manifolds.

</doc>
<doc id="19942534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942534" title="Waltman Walter syndrome">
Waltman Walter syndrome

Waltman Walter Syndrome
is characterized by accumulation of bile in the right subphrenic or subhepatic space, even when provision for drainage appears to have been adequate after a Cholecystectomy
Symptoms and Signs.
Upper abdominal or chest pain associated with tachycardia and persistently low blood pressure due to compression on IVC are cardinal signs and are mistaken for coronary thrombosis.
Investigation.
Ultrasonography will show collection in subphrenic or subhepatic space.
Treatment.
Abdominal reexploration and drainage of bile is curative.

</doc>
<doc id="19942535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942535" title="Francisco Camps">
Francisco Camps

Francisco Enrique Camps Ortiz (born 28 August 1962) is a Spanish politician belonging to the Partido Popular (PP). He served as President of the Generalitat Valenciana, the Valencian regional administration, in the period 2003-2011, and is still a member of the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament.
Biography.
A lawyer, Mr Camps is married with three children. He was first elected as a local councillor to Valencia city council, serving from 1991 to 1996, occupying the Presidency of the municipal transport body during that period. In 1996 he was elected to the Spanish Congress, representing Valencia province serving as Secretary of State for Territorial Administrations. However he resigned from the Congress 11 months later in February 1997, after being named as Minister for Culture and Education in the Generalitat Valenciana, retaining that post until January 1999. At the 2000 General Election, he returned to the Spanish Congress but again resigned in 2002 in order to run for President of the Generalitat Valenciana. In July 2003 he was elected president, being re-elected with absolute majorities in 2007 and 2011.
He continued to serve as president until his resignation in 2011.
Gürtel case.
In February 2009 Camps was implicated in a scandal known as the Gürtel Case ("Caso Gürtel") relating to an alleged criminal network controlled by businessman Francisco Correa. ("Gürtel" is the German translation for the businessman's surname, Correa/belt).
In March 2009, Camps was one of several PP figures accused by magistrate Baltasar Garzón of taking bribes. 
Garzón alleged that Camps received €12,000 towards a tailor's bill from an associate of Correa. For two years Camps was to claim that he paid for the clothes himself. 
The case against Camps was transferred to a local court in Valencia which, in August 2009, ruled that Camps had not committed a crime. 
In May 2010 Camps' bribery case reopened as the High Court in Madrid ruled that there was enough evidence to bring a case against him. Camps was reelected as President of Valencia in May 2011, although the case threatened to undermine his political career. On 20 July 2011, Camps resigned as Valencian premier and leader of the Valencian Partido Popular in order to avoid standing trial while in office. He continued to maintain his innocence although he said that he may have received presents.
On 25 January 2012 he was declared 'not guilty' by a popular jury. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942539" title="Sam Wedgbury">
Sam Wedgbury

Samuel "Sam" Wedgbury (born 26 February 1989) is an English footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for League One side Stevenage.
Wedgbury began his career at Worcester City in 2005 and became the club's youngest ever goalscorer after scoring on his debut aged 16. He attracted the interest of Sheffield United, and joined the club for a five-figure fee in January 2006. He made no first-team appearances during his time in South Yorkshire, although was loaned out twice; first to Mansfield Town and then to Hungarian club Ferencváros. He was released by Sheffield United upon the expiry of his contract in the summer of 2010, and signed for Macclesfield Town shortly after. He spent three seasons at Macclesfield, playing over 100 games. In May 2013, Wedgbury signed for Stevenage on a free transfer. He has also represented the England C team.
Club career.
Early career.
Wedgbury started his career at non-league Worcester City in the summer of 2005, where he played regularly for the club's U18 and reserve sides despite being in a younger age bracket. He made a goalscoring debut for the first-team aged just 16, in an FA Cup tie against Bemerton Heath Harlequins, a match that Worcester won 7–0, and became the club's youngest ever goalscorer in the process. He attracted the interest of then-Championship side Sheffield United in January 2006, and subsequently signed for the club on a scholarship contract for a five-figure fee. On Wedgbury's move, Worcester chairman Dave Boddy stated: "I am delighted for Sam, it's a great deal and opportunity for him and obviously a great deal for the club. He is a lovely lad with a superb attitude to the game and he shows unbelievable maturity beyond his years". He was loaned back to Worcester for the remainder of the 2006–07 season, with the two clubs also arranging a pre-season friendly as part of the deal. Wedgbury played regularly for Sheffield United's youth and reserve teams during his first season there, but did not make any first-team appearances.
In October 2008, Wedgbury was loaned out to Conference National side Mansfield Town on a one-month deal to gain more first-team experience. He made his debut a day after signing, on 18 October, starting in the club's 2–1 home defeat to Wrexham. However, he suffered an injury in the match and had to be substituted in the 42nd minute. Although the injury was not a broken leg as first thought, Wedgbury had chipped a bone in his leg and ultimately returned to his parent club to undergo treatment. He was loaned out once again in January 2009, this time to Sheffield United's Hungarian sister club Ferencváros, for the remainder of the 2009–10 campaign. Wedgbury made his first-team debut for Ferencváros two weeks later, on 8 February 2009, in a 0–0 draw with Kecskeméti in the Hungarian League Cup. He went to play 17 times for the club, scoring two goals, before returning to Bramall Lane a month into the 2009–10 season. However, on his return Wedgbury was unable to break into the first-team and was released from his contract upon its expiry in May 2010.
Macclesfield Town.
Following his release from Sheffield United, Wedgbury signed a one-year contract at then-League Two side Macclesfield Town on 6 July 2010. He made his debut for Macclesfield on the opening day of the 2010–11 season, starting in a 2–2 draw against Stevenage at Broadhall Way. Wedgbury made thirteen appearances during the first half of the season, before being loaned out for a month to Conference North side Altrincham in January 2011, having been out of the Macclesfield first-team for two months. Wedgbury made a goalscoring debut for Altrincham, restoring parity just before half-time as the club came from behind to defeat Hayes & Yeading at Moss Lane. He played six times during the brief loan agreement, before returning to his parent club in late February 2011. Wedgbury regained his place in the Macclesfield first-team on his return, and played regularly for the remainder of the campaign. He scored his first goal for Macclesfield in a 1–1 draw with Lincoln City on 15 March 2011, scoring with an injury-time volley from outside the area to earn the club a point. During his first season with the club, Wedgbury scored once in 26 appearances. Wedgbury's impressive performances earned him an offer of a two-year contract at the end of the season, which he ultimately signed on 10 May 2011.
The 2011–12 season was Wedgbury's breakthrough year of regular first-team football, and he impressed as he made 47 appearances, of which 45 were starting, in what was a difficult season for the club as they suffered relegation to the Conference National. Wedgbury scored once during the campaign, a low volley from George Donnelly's cross in a 2–2 draw with fellow strugglers Hereford United at Moss Rose in March 2012. He was described as "visibly distraught" following Macclesfield's 2–0 defeat to Burton Albion, the game that confirmed the club's relegation, and he stated — "It was a sad day. We feel we’ve let the fans, the club, the board, everyone down. It's the first time I’ve experienced anything like that in my career. I’m devastated. We’re truly sorry, we’ve let our loyal fans down after 15 years in the Football League and we know we’re to blame". He remained at Macclesfield for the 2012–13 season despite a mass overhaul of players over the summer, and started in the club's first game back in the Conference, which ended in a 2–1 loss to Hereford United at Edgar Street. Wedgbury was once again a regular throughout the season, making 43 appearances in all competitions. He particularly impressed during Macclesfield's FA Cup run during the season, as they defeated Cardiff City in the Third Round, before bowing out in the next round following a narrow 1–0 defeat to eventual winners, Wigan Athletic — a match in which Wedgbury's performance was described as "terrific". After Macclesfield's 2–1 victory over Cambridge United on 20 April 2013, the club's final game of the season, Wedgbury was voted as both Fans and Players' Player of the Year. During his three seasons at Macclesfield, Wedgbury made 116 appearances and scored twice.
Stevenage.
His contract at Macclesfield expired at the end of the season, and Wedgbury subsequently signed for League One side Stevenage on 21 May 2013. He made his Stevenage debut on the opening day of the 2013–14 season, playing the whole match at right-back in a 4–3 home defeat to Oldham Athletic.
International career.
Wedgbury was called up to represent the England C team in January 2013, for the International Challenge Trophy semi-final tie against Turkey U23s. He played the whole match in England's 1–0 defeat to a strong Turkish side at Princes Park on 5 February.
Personal life.
Born in Oldbury, West Midlands, Wedgbury states he "comes from a working-class family" and that he has been brought up to work hard. His mother is the manager at a care home and his father a self-employed builder, and he believes he would probably be working with his father if he "hadn't been playing football".

</doc>
<doc id="19942552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942552" title="MovieScore Media">
MovieScore Media

MovieScore Media is a Swedish record label devoted to original film scores, founded in 2005 by former film music journalist Mikael Carlsson. The label is the main business activity of Carlsson's company, MovieScore Media Sweden.
MovieScore Media has produced over 200 soundtrack albums, focusing primarily on scores composed by up and coming composers and from smaller, independent feature films such as Pete Calandra's scores for the films Jellysmoke and Unknown Soldier. However, the label has also released soundtracks by established composers, including Academy Award winning composers Dario Marianelli and Gabriel Yared, Grammy Award nominated composer Ryan Shore, Basil Poledouris and Michael Kamen and Ivor Novello Award-winning composer Francis Shaw, as well as from films and television shows by bigger studios and companies, such as Warner Bros., BBC and Constantin Film.
In terms of distribution strategies, MovieScore Media was first introduced as an online label dedicated to digital distribution, primarily via Apple's iTunes Store, only. In 2007, the label expanded its business to include limited edition of CDs in addition to the established digital distribution. MovieScore Media's CDs are distributed by RSK Entertainment in Europe and MVD Entertainment in North America. 
In 2013, MovieScore Media entered into an agreement with another independent soundtrack label, Kronos Records, to collaborate on the production of CD releases of its albums and work together on wider distribution strategies. The labels claimed that the agreement would result in an increase of albums being released on CD, as opposed to digitally distributed albums only. 
MovieScore Media was nominated for the 'Film Music Record Label of the Year' award by the International Film Music Critics Association in six years in a row from 2007-2012. 
Screamworks Records release of Ryan Shore's soundtrack for "The Shrine", received a 2012 Grammy Award nomination for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19942558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942558" title="Thomas Vigner Christiansen Haaland">
Thomas Vigner Christiansen Haaland

Thomas Vigner Christiansen Haaland (29 August 1859 - 15 July 1913) was a Norwegian politician.
Born in Torvestad, he worked as a banker and ship-owner for the most of his career.
He was a member of Haugesund city council, serving as mayor in 1900, 1902, 1903 and 1910. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1904–1906, representing the Moderate Liberal Party, and in 1907–1909 for the Coalition Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19942563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942563" title="Biliran Airport">
Biliran Airport

Biliran Airport is an airport located in Naval, the capital of the province of Biliran, Philippines. No airline has scheduled flights to this community airport.
Air travel to the province of Biliran is via Daniel Z. Romualdez Airport in Tacloban City, Leyte.

</doc>
<doc id="19942567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942567" title="Samuel Prescott Fairbanks">
Samuel Prescott Fairbanks

Samuel Prescott Fairbanks (January 31, 1795 – December 7, 1882) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queen's County from 1836 to 1847 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Rufus Fairbanks and Ann Prescott, and was educated at King's College in Windsor. Fairbanks was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1818 and set up practice in Liverpool. In 1820, he married Charlotte Ann Newton. He served as registrar for the probate court from 1842 to 1847. Fairbanks was named Queen's Counsel in 1845. He served as provincial treasurer from 1845 to 1848. He was commissioner of crown lands from 1857 to 1872. Fairbanks died at home in Dartmouth at the age of 87.
His brother Charles Rufus Fairbanks, was also a lawyer and served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19942568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942568" title="Oyamada clan">
Oyamada clan


</doc>
<doc id="19942573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942573" title="Thomas Wegner Larsen Haaland">
Thomas Wegner Larsen Haaland

Thomas Wegner Larsen Haaland (25 June 1862 - 12 July 1935) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
Born in Torvestad, he worked as a banker and farmer for the most of his career. He was a mayor of Torvestad from 1907. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1913, representing the constituency of Karmsund. He served only one term-

</doc>
<doc id="19942589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942589" title="Karl Valdemar Westerlund">
Karl Valdemar Westerlund

Karl Valdemar Westerlund (24 February 1907 - 23 November 1997) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hedmark during the term 1965–1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19942594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942594" title="1996 BMW Open – Singles">
1996 BMW Open – Singles

Wayne Ferreira was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Marc-Kevin Goellner.
Ctislav Doseděl won in the final 6–4, 4–6, 6–3 against Carlos Moyá.

</doc>
<doc id="19942602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942602" title="British Expeditionary Force">
British Expeditionary Force

British Expeditionary Force (BEF) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942604" title="Lord Justice James">
Lord Justice James

Lord Justice James may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942610" title="Alice (1986 album)">
Alice (1986 album)

Alice is a compilation album of recordings by Italian singer-songwriter Alice, released by EMI Music in 1986.
The "Alice" compilation was released in Continental Europe and Scandinavia in early 1986 after the commercial success of the 1984 Eurovision Song Contest entry "I treni di Tozeur", a duet with singer and composer Franco Battiato, and the following tribute album "Gioielli rubati - Alice canta Battiato" in 1985, including hit single "Prospettiva Nevski"; the cover picture is in fact from the same photo sessions as for the "Gioielli Rubati" album. The collection, which was the first career retrospective and also compact disc release with Alice, comprises material from her first four studio albums for the EMI label, "Capo Nord" (1980), "Alice" (also known as "Per Elisa", 1981), "Azimut" (1982) and "Falsi allarmi" (1983), including hit singles "Il vento caldo dell'estate", "Per Elisa", "Una notte speciale", "Messaggio" and "Notte a Roma" and the set opens with her first duet with Franco Battiato, 1982's "Chan-son Egocentrique". 
The "Alice" compilation is not to be confused with a similar eponymously titled compilation, first released by CGD/Warner Music in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19942625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942625" title="List of High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Namibia">
List of High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Namibia

The High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Namibia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Namibia, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Namibia.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between the United Kingdom and Namibia are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissions, rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="19942628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942628" title="British Expeditionary Force (World War II)">
British Expeditionary Force (World War II)

The British Expeditionary Force (BEF) was the British force in Europe from 1939–1940 during the Second World War. Commanded by General Lord Gort, the BEF constituted one-tenth of the defending Allied force.
The British Expeditionary Force was started in 1938 in readiness for a perceived threat of war after Germany annexed Austria in March 1938 and the claims on the Sudetenland, which led to the invasion of Czechoslovakia in March 1939. After the French and British had promised to defend Poland, the German invasion of that country began and war was declared on 3 September 1939.
The BEF was sent to France in September 1939 and deployed mainly along the Belgian—French border during the so-called Phoney War leading up to May 1940. The BEF did not commence hostilities until the invasion of France on 10 May 1940. After the commencement of battle, they were driven back through Belgium and north-western France, forcing their eventual evacuation from several ports along the French northern coastline in Operations Dynamo, Ariel and Cycle. The most notable evacuation was from the Dunkirk region and from this the phrase "Dunkirk Spirit" was coined.
Background.
There were reports and the beginnings of a move to mobilise an armed force in 1936, when plans to expand the Territorial Army were put in place after a report was given to the House of Commons on 12 March 1936. It was realised that the invention of the aeroplane had moved the defence of Britain from her own shores to those of the continent as Mr Duff Cooper (the Secretary of State for War) said in his report: 
"It was said in the leading article of the "Times" this morning: For more centuries than need be counted the destiny of Northern France and of the Low Countries has been held vital to the security of Britain. That situation has not been changed by modern inventions. It was Napoleon who said that Antwerp in the possession of a hostile nation was like a pistol held at the head of Great Britain. The result of new inventions is that that menace is greater than it was before, because to-day it is a double-barrelled pistol. It is not only a base for shipping and submarines, but is also a taking-off ground for aeroplanes. The invention of flying, so far from rendering us more immune, has robbed us of a great part of our immunity. The sea, as Shakespeare said— The silver sea, which serves it in the office of a wall. serves no longer in that office. More than ever we are part of the Continent of Europe; less than ever can we rely upon any special advantage from our insular position.
In that same report, conscription was also discussed as it was realised that there would not be enough time to expand the army to satisfactory levels "To-day, when there are still numbers of young active men unemployed and living on the dole, what better advice could be given to them than that they should join the Army? There they would find the opportunity of a healthy, open-air life." Conscription was not considered until war broke out, as volunteers were preferred, although by March 1937 there was still a shortfall of 60,000 men in the regular army. Recruiting had risen by 33% from 1936–1937, and in February 1938 it was 44% higher than the previous year. The demand was still not met with only 34,000 accepted for enlistment with 30% taken from the unemployment line. The Regular Army was backed up by the Territorial Army and both were expanded and equipped for more appropriate measures than had been previously anticipated.
In March 1937, the army stood at 121,000 at home and 89,000 overseas with 716 tanks of which 200 were obsolete First World War models. In a speech by Mr Hore-Belisha (Cooper's successor) on 10 March 1938, the numbers were given as 500,000 (excluding the colonies) and recruiting was at 60,000 a year. Nevertheless, there were shortages of 1,200 officers and 22,000 other ranks.
Talks about the formation of the BEF between British and French ministers were concluded after British ministers visited France in November 1938. The French delegation announced that they believed a larger force than had been sent in 1914 was necessary, with the French cabinet saying that the British contingent would have been inadequate if war had broken out in September 1938. After questions in the House of Commons on 28 November 1938, the then Prime minister, Neville Chamberlain, said there was no commitment to send an expeditionary force to France.
Sir P. Harris asked the Prime Minister whether this country is, in certain circumstances, committed to send an expeditionary force to France; and whether, as a result of his visit to Paris, there has been any increase in such commitments?
The Prime Minister answered "The answer to both parts of the question is in the negative"
—Hansard Vol 342, 28 November 1938.
According to the 1939 Army Estimates, Britain had home forces of 230,000 in the Regular Army with 183,000 in reserve and The Territorials numbering 270,000: a total of 683,000
Deployment.
Following the German invasion of Poland on 1 September 1939, the British Expeditionary Force was sent to the Franco-Belgian border in mid-September.
The first deployment was completed by 11 October 1939 at which point 158,000 men had been transported to France. The Secretary of State for War, Leslie Hore-Belisha, said "158,000 had been transported across the Channel within five weeks of the commencement of the present war. Convoys had averaged three each night and the BEF had been transported intact without a single casualty to any of its personnel." He also claimed in Parliament that the BEF was "as well, if not better, equipped than any similar army", which was false. During that summer, an amazed German military attaché in Britain watched troops on maneuvers march with gas pipes and pieces of wood to represent anti-tank rifles, and carry blue flags to represent trucks they rode in. One lieutenant stuffed his holster with paper because he had no pistol, and one soldier who joined the Royal Artillery in April did not receive his uniform until July. There were immense pressures to produce the necessary equipment, which led to a rapid increase in output. Clothing items were one example of this with items such as greatcoats and boots being produced at up to 50 times the normal peacetime rates. Twenty-five years of greatcoats were produced in six months and 18 months of army boots were turned out in one week, but shortages remained; even after the Germans began moving west in May 1940, only three of the 5th Battalion Green Howards had pistols, and the unit similarly lacked compasses and binoculars.
By 19 October the BEF had received 25,000 vehicles to complete the first deployment. The majority of the troops were stationed along the Franco-Belgian border; a reinforced division called Saar Force served with the French Third Army on the Maginot Line (see pic. 5 below). Belgium and The Netherlands were neutral countries at this point and so no troops were sent to either of them. For those troops along the Maginot line the inactivity and an undue reliance on the fortifications, which it was believed would provide an unbreakable defence, led to "Tommy Rot" – as portrayed by the song "Imagine me on the Maginot Line". Morale was high amongst the British troops but the small-scale actions of the Germans by 9 May had led many into assuming that there would not be much chance of a full scale German attack in that area.
Over the next few months, troops, materials and vehicles continued to arrive in France and Belgium and by 13 March 1940 the BEF had doubled in size to 316,000 men. By May 1940 the BEF order of battle consisted of 10 infantry divisions in three corps (I, II, and III), 1st Army Tank Brigade, the BEF Air Component RAF detachment of about 500 aircraft and the Advanced Air Striking Force (AASF) long-range RAF force. These forces were led by the General Headquarters (GHQ) which consisted of men from Headquarters Troops (1st Battalion Welsh Guards, 9th Battalion The West Yorkshire Regiment and the 14th Battalion The Royal Fusiliers), the 1st Army Tank Brigade, 1st Light Armoured Reconnaissance Brigade and HQ Royal Artillery 5th Infantry Division.
This period leading up to 10 May 1940 was known as the Phoney War, as there was little combat apart from minor clashes of reconnaissance patrols. The Allied generals believed that time was on their side, and hoped to weaken Germany by blockade before going on the offensive. The plan by General Gamelin, the Commander-in-Chief of Allied Forces, to counter a German attack through Belgium, was to move his most mobile armies (including the BEF) forward across the border to the line of the River Dyle. This operation was known as the Dyle Plan, and it depended on the Belgians being able to stall any German invasion for several days with their border fortifications on the Albert Canal and River Meuse.
Action.
Hitler's forces began the Blitzkrieg on 10 May 1940. The German Army Group B, led by Fedor von Bock, crossed into Belgium; the lynchpin of the Belgian defence at Fort Eben-Emael having been captured by airborne assault early that morning. By 12 May, 35 Allied divisions, including 10 of the BEF had reached the River Dyle as planned, however forward elements of Army Group B arrived on 15 May. Although the initial German attacks were held, it was clear that the main threat was further south, where Army Group A, led by Gerd von Rundstedt, had unexpectedly emerged from the Ardennes Forest and crossed the River Meuse at Sedan, routing the French Second and Ninth Armies in the process. With Army Group B close behind, the Allies began a withdrawal towards the River Escaut on the French border.
The push by Army Group A towards the coast combined with the approach of Army Group B from the Northeast left the BEF surrounded on three sides and cut off from their supply depots by 21 May (pic. 2 below). The British forces attempted to stop the offensive and launched counter-attacks including at Arras on 21 May. The BEF was unable to repel the Germans and it became clear that the Channel ports were threatened. Fresh troops were rushed from England to defend Bolougne and Calais, but after hard fighting, both ports were in German hands by 26 May (see Battle of Boulogne (1940) and Siege of Calais (1940)). Gort ordered that the BEF should withdraw to Dunkirk, the only viable port remaining, to facilitate evacuation (pic. 3 below).
Evacuation from Dunkirk.
The BEF sustained heavy losses during the German advance and most of the remainder, approximately 198,229 men along with 139,997 French and some Belgian troops, were evacuated from Dunkirk between 26 May and 4 June 1940; abandoning much of their equipment after disabling their vehicles and main weapons.
The Royal Navy ships needed assistance after the docks, harbours and piers were bombed by the Germans. Because of shallow water along the coast, British destroyers were unable to approach the evacuation beaches and soldiers were having to wade out to the warships, with many of them waiting for hours shoulder-deep in water. On 27 May the small-craft section of the British Ministry of Shipping telephoned boat builders around the coast, asking them to collect all boats with "shallow draft" that could navigate shallow water. Some of them were taken with the owners' permission — and with the owners insisting they would sail them — while others were requisitioned by the government with no time for the owners to be contacted. These flotillas of small boats, combined with the naval vessels, would continue until the evacuation was called off on 3 June 1940.
The German forces were unable to press home an initial capture of the Allied Forces at Dunkirk and on 31 May General Georg von Küchler assumed command of all the German forces at Dunkirk. His plan was an all-out attack across the whole front at 11:00 on 1 June. The French held the Germans back while the last troops were evacuated. Just before midnight on 2 June, Admiral Bertram Ramsay, the officer commanding the evacuation, received the signal "BEF evacuated" and the French began to fall back slowly. By 3 June, the Germans were two miles from Dunkirk, which meant that that night was the last for evacuation. At 10:20 on 4 June, the Germans hoisted the swastika over the docks.
Several high–ranking German commanders, including Generals Erich von Manstein and Heinz Guderian as well as Admiral Karl Dönitz, considered the failure of the German High Command to order a timely assault on Dunkirk, and to so eliminate the British Expeditionary Force, as one of the major mistakes the Germans had made on the Western Front.
The Second BEF and Operation Ariel.
Once the Dunkirk evacuation had started, the attentions of Churchill and the Chiefs-of-Staff were drawn to the troops who had been cut-off to the south of the German Army Group A's drive to the sea. They were; the Saar Force, chiefly composed of the 51st (Highland) Infantry Division, most of the 1st Armoured Division, and an improvised force called Beauman Division. The 52nd (Lowland) Infantry Division had been rushed to Cherbourg after the start of the blitzkrieg and the 1st Canadian Infantry Division were on their way. It was hoped that these forces might be sufficient to help stabilise the French defence and, if all else failed, there was talk of creating a "redoubt" or fortified foothold in the Brittany peninsula. General Alan Brooke had distinguished himself by his handling of II Corps, and was withdrawn to London on 29 May to command the new corps in the south which became known as the 2nd BEF. In addition to the forces already in France or "en route", Brooke requested that Montgomery's 3rd Infantry Division, who had just returned from Dunkirk, be made ready to join his new command.
The 51st (Highland) Division had been fighting with the French Tenth Army to defend the River Bresle, east of Rouen. The decision to withdraw them to Le Havre on 10 June was left too late and then only two of their brigades, known as Arkforce, were able to reach the port for an evacuation called Operation Cycle. The remainder of the division reached the coast at Saint-Valery-en-Caux, but bad weather and German intervention prevented their extraction; they were forced to surrender on 12 June.
Brooke arrived in France on 13 June and he quickly realised that there was little hope of success for the rest of his command, which included more than 100,000 logistic troops who had not been trained for combat. On 14 June, Brooke persuaded Churchill that all British troops should be evacuated from France without delay. From 15 to 25 June 191,870 allied troops (144,171 of them British) and a large amount of their equipment were rescued from eight major sea ports on the south west coast of France in "Operation Ariel". The only serious setback was the bombing of the troopship "Lancastria" off St Nazaire, resulting in the deaths of about 4,000 of those onboard; the exact number has never been established.
Aftermath.
Winston Churchill referred to the outcome as a "miracle" and the British press presented the evacuation as a "disaster turned to triumph". The rescue of the British troops at Dunkirk provided a psychological boost to British morale and begat the phrase "Dunkirk spirit", when used to describe the tendency of the British public to pull together in times of adversity.
In the various evacuations, an estimated 384,000 British servicemen came home, but the BEF had suffered 11,000 killed (roughly a third of those were on the "Lancastria"), 14,070 wounded had been evacuated and 41,030 were taken prisoner. While the British Army had lost a great deal of its equipment and vehicles in France, it still had most of its soldiers and was able to assign them to the defence of Britain. Once the threat of invasion had receded, they were transferred overseas to the Middle East and other theatres, and also provided the nucleus of the army that returned to France in 1944.
For every seven soldiers who escaped through Dunkirk, one man was left behind as a prisoner of war (POW). The majority of these prisoners were sent on forced marches into Germany to towns such as Trier, the march taking as long as 20 days. Others were moved on foot to the river Scheldt and were sent by barge to the Ruhr. The prisoners were then sent by rail to POW camps in Germany. The majority (those below the rank of corporal) then worked in German industry and agriculture for five years.
No specific campaign medal was awarded for the Battle of France; however, any serviceman who spent 180 days in France between 3 September 1939 and 9 May 1940, or ""a single day, or part thereof"" in France or Belgium between 10 May and 19 June 1940, qualified for the 1939-1945 Star.
An intelligence report by the German IV Army Corps written in the summer of 1940 in preparation for Operation Sealion said of the men of the BEF:

</doc>
<doc id="19942634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942634" title="The French Woman">
The French Woman

The French Woman () is a 1977 French drama film directed by Just Jaeckin and starring Françoise Fabian. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942640" title="William Wallis (disambiguation)">
William Wallis (disambiguation)

William Wallis was an English cricketer.
William Wallis may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942651" title="Argentine general election, 1951">
Argentine general election, 1951

The Argentine general election of 1951, the first to have enfranchised women at the national level, was held on 11 November. Voters chose both the President and their legislators and with a turnout of 88.0%, it produced the following results:
President.
"Note: The 1949 Constitution abolished the Electoral College."
Background.
President Juan Perón, whose popularity was riding high following five years of populist social reforms and a vigorous public works program, faced intensifying opposition during 1951. His decision to expropriate the conservative "La Prensa" (then the nation's second-most circulated daily), though lauded by the CGT labor union, damaged his standing elsewhere at home and his reputation in the World, as did the climate of political liberties: the opposition UCR's nominee, Congressman Ricardo Balbín, had spent much of the previous year as a political prisoner, to name one of many such examples. Economically, the year was an improvement over the 1949-50 recession and saw the completion of a number of landmark public works and the inaugural of Channel 13 (Public Television), the first regular broadcast station in Latin America; but growing inflation (50%, a record at the time) led to increasing strike activity.
The UCR and other parties in opposition, harassed and deprived of access to the media, boycotted a number of Congressional races and all Senate races, as well. The vice president, Hortensio Quijano, had requested leave from the campaign due to failing health and, on August 22, the CGT organized a rally on Buenos Aires' massive Ninth of July Avenue in support of the influential first lady Eva Perón as her husband's running mate, though unbeknownst to the crowd, the popular "Evita" was, like Quijano, dying, and thus refused the acclamation. Quijano reluctantly stayed on; but her stepping aside did not prevent a September 28 coup attempt against Perón on the part of ultraconservative elements in the Army. Ultimately, these ill-considered attacks, the Peróns' popularity and their control of much of the media combined to give the Peronist Party a landslide in this, the first Argentine national election in which the vote was extended to women.
Todo Argentina

</doc>
<doc id="19942654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942654" title="Christian Garup Meidell">
Christian Garup Meidell

Christian Garup Meidell (30 January 1780 - 19 March 1863) was a Norwegian military officer and politician.
He was born in Balestrand as the son of Jacob Gerhard Meidell (1735–1796) and his wife Birgitte Munthe Finde (1754–1789). He married Marie Helene Hille (1799–1871) from Lærdal, and they had ten children.
He took his education in Copenhagen, and embarked on a military career. He eventually became Lieutenant Colonel, serving from 1839 to 1854.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827, representing the constituency of Nordre Bergenhus Amt. He served only one term. He had served as a deputy representative in 1824. He was also the first mayor of Leikanger municipality, serving in 1838 and 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="19942660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942660" title="D1GP Arcade">
D1GP Arcade

D1 Grand Prix Arcade (stylized as D1GP Arcade) is an arcade racing game developed by Yuke's and published by Taito Corporation, released in September 2008. The game underwent location test in late 2007, and was officially published in September 2008. The game samples various aspects of the "D1 Grand Prix", and features some of the tracks, drivers and cars of it. The game also features Manabu Suzuki who "comments" the player's run.
For saving data the game writes it to a magnetic card, which is sold separately. The card also holds the player's name, his selected car and the progress through the game in various modes.
Gameplay.
The player controls the car using the steering wheel, gear shifts and pedals. A hard steering maneuver combined with the handbrake puts the car into a drift. When the player is in a drift, the game prompts the player to apply opposite lock. Depending on the game mode, the player scores points during a drift, and earns more if he manages to follow the line and clip the points on the line.
The game is split into four modes:
The link-up multiplayer is available if two players joins into the game, and could be played for a point shootout or a speed shooting. The first one is a match against each other by drift points, while the latter one is a simple speed shootout.
Courses and Cars.
The game features 5 courses as of September 2008. These include 3 street circuits and 2 race circuits. Featured actual locations include the Irwindale Speedway, Ebisu circuit south course and the Odaiba course, a venue used for the all-star event. Reverse directions of the tracks are offered as unlockables for a card-bearing player
There are 8 drivers and cars featured in the game, all being well-known D1 drivers in 2006. Examples include Youichi Imamura's Nissan 350Z (2006 spec), Nobushige Kumakubo's Team Orange Subaru Impreza WRX, Ken Nomura's Blitz Nissan Skyline ER34, Tetsuya Hibino's Toyota AE86, among others.
Magnetic Card System.
A player may choose to play with a magnetic card that stores the name, car and progressed completed. When inserting a new card, the player will be prompted to enter his name and choose a preferred car. The progress is saved for every game completed.
A card lasts for 50 plays, and needs to be renewed when it expires.

</doc>
<doc id="19942661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942661" title="French woman">
French woman

French woman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942667" title="Charles Rufus Fairbanks">
Charles Rufus Fairbanks

Charles Rufus Fairbanks (March 25, 1790 – April 15, 1841) was a lawyer, judge, entrepreneur and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1826 to 1836.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Rufus Fairbanks and Ann Prescott. Fairbanks was educated at King's College in Windsor and the Séminaire de Québec. He went on to study law with Simon Bradstreet Robie and was called to the bar in 1811. In 1815, he married Sarah Elizabeth, the daughter of William Lawson Sr.. Fairbanks was secretary-treasurer for the Shubenacadie Canal Company. He served in the province's Executive Council as solicitor general. In 1834, he was named master of the rolls and judge in the vice admiralty court. He also served on the board of governors for King's College. Fairbanks died in Halifax after suffering a stroke at the age of 51.
His younger brother Samuel Prescott Fairbanks was also a lawyer and served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19942669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942669" title="Johan Ernst Mejdell">
Johan Ernst Mejdell

Johan Ernst Mejdell (1773 - ??) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1818, representing the constituency of Christians Amt. He was later elected in 1824 from Fredriksstad. He worked as an attorney.

</doc>
<doc id="19942672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942672" title="Coryanthes macrantha">
Coryanthes macrantha

Coryanthes macrantha is an Orchid from the genus of the Bucket Orchids. It is native to South America, the Amazon and grows as epiphyte. The fragrant plant is pollinated by the typical Euglossini bees (an "Eulaema" species) and has one of the largest blooms among the members of its genus. The color is usually yellow to orange with small freckles along some parts of the flower, mainly inside the "bucket". But of course there are many different forms so it is not a rule.

</doc>
<doc id="19942683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942683" title="Peter Valeur">
Peter Valeur

Peter Valeur (27 July 1847 - 3 August 1922) was a Norwegian politician for the Coalition Party. Born in Bergen, he embarked on a career in the military, parallel with law studies. He graduated as cand.jur. in 1873. After a series of civil jobs he settled in Kristiansand in 1892 as a postmaster.
He was a member of Kristiansand city council for an unknown period. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907, representing the constituency of Fæstningen but served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19942688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942688" title="WEJS">
WEJS

WEJS (1600 AM) is a sports radio station in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States branded as "1600 AM ESPN". WEJS' first air date was August 1, 1979.
History.
The then-WJSA was originally an AM only radio station authorized to operate during the daytime at 1600 on the dial. Though not a Christian format, the station did air some daily devotional programs. In the fall of 1980 the station's owner, Williamsport businessman Ken Breon, sought the help of John Hogg as broadcast engineer and programing consultant, then within the year as General Manager. Under Mr. Hogg's management and with Mr. Breon's agreement and involvement, the station changed format to full time Christian programming. The AM station also extended its hours of operation and improved coverage.
The Birth of WJSA-FM.
24 years ago, Mr. Hogg identified an available FM frequency which would provide extended coverage and allow 24 hours a day service. Two years later the FCC granted the application and Light for Life... WJSA-FM began broadcasting on November 1, 1984 with a power of 3,000 Watts at 93.5 FM. A new company to operate the facilities was formed, Covenant Broadcast Company, a partnership between Ken Breon and John Hogg.
Expanding the FM Coverage.
Almost immediately Mr. Hogg identified the opportunity for several stations in the area to upgrade their signal strength by changing frequencies. This required cooperation of those stations and FCC approval took the next 12 years! In the early spring of 1997 this power upgrade was realized and Light for Life...WJSA's frequency was changed to 96.3 FM with a power equivalent of 25,000 Watts.
2014 changes.
Effective January 17, 2014, Covenant Broadcast Company sold WJSA to Todd Bartley's Pioneer Sports Productions, LLC at a purchase price of $50,000.
On January 21, 2014, the station's call sign was changed to the current WEJS. The station dropped the Christian radio simulcast with former sister station WJSA-FM (96.3 FM) and FM translator W263AG (100.5 FM), and started broadcasting a sports radio format as 1600 AM ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="19942697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942697" title="Lichtenhagen">
Lichtenhagen

Lichtenhagen, from the oldgerman designation for "Clear Grove" is the name for many urban places like
Other uses include:

</doc>
<doc id="19942708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942708" title="Death of a Corrupt Man">
Death of a Corrupt Man

Death of a Corrupt Man ( and also known as "The Twisted Detective") is a 1977 French crime film directed by Georges Lautner and starring Alain Delon. Film is based on the novel by Raf Vallet (Jean Laborde).

</doc>
<doc id="19942718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942718" title="Einar Wang">
Einar Wang

Einar Wang (5 November 1855 - 2 March 1939) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Born in Våle, he started his career working in a trade company in Tønsberg, from 1871 to 1878. In 1878 he was issued burghership in the city of Holmestrand, and established his own company.
He was a member of Holmestrand city council from 1896 to 1901 and 1904 to 1916, serving as mayor from 1910. He also chaired the local commercial association, the school board, the board of the local savings bank and was deputy chairman of the board of the Holmestrand–Vittingfoss Line.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1919, representing the constituency of "Brevik og Holmestrand". He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19942758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942758" title="Rachael Treasure">
Rachael Treasure

Rachael Treasure is an Australian journalist, sheep dog breeder and trainer, author and bestselling novelist. A former jillaroo and reporter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on rural affairs, she is a passionate working dog trainer and in 2007 received Tasmania's "rural woman of the year" award.
Early life.
In the early 1990s Rachael worked out of the ABC Sale office in Victoria. She met her ex-husband, John Treasure, in 1996 while a reporter and started helping John and his brother with their High Plains Droving horse riding business on weekends. This entailed taking tourists on their cattle droving and salting trips on the Dargo High Plains. The Treasure family has been droving cattle in this area since the 1870s.
In this period Rachael developed an interest in dog psychology and training with trainer Paul Macphail and became herself an instructor for training working dogs.
Rachael then moved to Queensland to work on a cattle station, which provided Rachael with the opportunity to write her first novel, "Jillaroo". She then moved to Tasmania to develop her interests in sheep farming, dog training and breeding, and breeding waler stock horses on Rachael's family property at Runnymede.
Bestselling novelist.
Her three novels, "Jillaroo", "The Stockmen", and "The Rouseabout", have all been bestsellers in Australia selling more than 100,000 combined copies by the end of 2007. Random House signed her to a 4 book contract for British release during 2008. Two of her novels, "The Stockmen" and "The Rouseabout", have been translated and published in German as "Tal der Sehnsucht : Australien-saga"(München : Blanvalet, 2006) and "Wo der Wind singt : Australien-Saga" (München : Blanvalet, 2008). Her novels all deal with contemporary issues related to agriculture and life on the land including succession planning and rural youth issues and relationships set within the Australian rural culture and traditions.
Community activism.
In 2008 Levendale Primary School was under threat of closure due to low student numbers. Rachael Treasure proposed to the community that vacant farmhouses be put up for rent of $1 per week to attract more families to the area. The offer attracted interest from around Australia, New Zealand and as far afield as Japan and Singapore.
"it's the only thing Levendale has, we don't have a shop, a pub, or anything to fall back on, this is all we have, is our school, and it keeps the women supported and networking on behalf of the men as well, so it kind of flows through the whole community." Rachael Treasure told an ABC reporter.

</doc>
<doc id="19942768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942768" title="Rostock-Lichtenhagen">
Rostock-Lichtenhagen

Lichtenhagen is a borough of Rostock in the federal state Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
It is a Plattenbau housing estate built from 1974 to 1976. It derives its name from the adjacent village of Elmenhorst/Lichtenhagen. Its population peaked in 1988 with 20,276 inhabants, which had fallen continuously to 13,467 by 2006.
The borough became infamous in August 1992 for the Riot of Rostock-Lichtenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19942772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942772" title="Robert Vogel">
Robert Vogel

Robert Vogel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942779" title="Bellevue (Accokeek, Maryland)">
Bellevue (Accokeek, Maryland)

Bellevue is a historic plantation home located at 200 Manning Road East, in Accokeek, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. This Greek Revival style home was constructed in about 1840. It exemplifies a house style typical of successful small plantation of that period. The house is one of only three surviving examples in Prince George's County of this once-popular Tidewater house style. Bellevue is in excellent condition, and retains its freestanding chimneys with brick pent, as well as a roughly contemporary kitchen wing. The house stands on a five-acre, partially wooded lot which exemplifies its original plantation setting.
Bellevue was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19942789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942789" title="Petter Eide">
Petter Eide

Petter Eide (born 15 August 1959) is a Norwegian activist.
He is known to the Norwegian public as Secretary General of the Norwegian branch of Amnesty International from 2000 to 2007, the Norwegian branch of Care International to 2008 and Norsk Folkehjelp from 2008 to 2010. He left the organisation with immediate effect 10 December 2010. According to the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten, his resignation was due to a dispute with the board on future priorities of the organisation.
With a teacher's education from 1983 he started his career in the school system. From 1986 to 1991 he worked as political secretary for the Socialist Left Party, and from 1992 to 1994 in Nei til EU. In 1994 he also took the cand.polit. degree at the University of Oslo. He worked in Geelmuyden.Kiese from 1997 to 2000.
In January 2006 he criticized the government of Norway for not following the example of the new German Chancellor Angela Merkel in opposing the Guantanamo Bay policy decision of the United States.
In August 2009 he was strongly criticized in Norwegian papers for firing a Palestinian local employee of his organisation. The staff member was fired for having been on sick leave for nine months after having, allegedly, been subjected to torture by Israeli forces. Mohammed Omer was fired while being treated in a Dutch hospital for the effects of torture.
The organisation Norwegian People's Aid is the aid agency of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions.

</doc>
<doc id="19942793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942793" title="The Song of Roland (film)">
The Song of Roland (film)

The Song of Roland () is a 1978 French drama film directed by Frank Cassenti and starring Klaus Kinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942796" title="Rustem Dautov">
Rustem Dautov

Rustem Hazitovich Dautov (born 28 November 1965 in Ufa) is a German chess Grandmaster of Tatar origin.
In 1983 he won the USSR U18 youth championship and in 1986 the Belarusian Chess Championship. He completed his military service in the 1980s in the sports department of the Soviet army, which was stationed in East Germany. In this period he participated in various GDR tournaments: in 1984, he was second (after Valery Chekhov) in Berlin. Tournament victories include Dresden in 1986, Rostock, Halle and Dresden in 1987, and Minsk and Dresden in 1988. In 1989 he was awarded the FIDE title of International Master. In 1990, he won in Münster and was awarded the Grandmaster title. The following year, he won tournaments in Porz and Bad Lauterberg.
In 1992, Dautov settled in Seeheim-Jugenheim. Since 1996 he plays for the German national team. Between 1996 and 2004, he took part in five Chess Olympiads. His biggest success was in 2000 at the 34th Chess Olympiad in Istanbul, where he and his team got the silver medal (Russia scored gold). Dautov also scored two individual bronze medals, one for his rating performance of 2788 and one for his 8.5/11 score on the third board.
In 1996, Dautov won (jointly with Artur Yusupov) the international German Chess Championship, he finished second in the championship of 1999. In the late 1990s he won tournaments in Bad Homburg (1997), Seefeld (1997), Essen (1999) (shared with Vadim Zvjaginsev, Emil Sutovsky and Larry Christiansen) and Deizisau 2002 (amongst others shared with Vladimir Epishin and Levon Aronian). He participated in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2002 and the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004, where he was knocked out in the second and first round respectively.
Dautov took on professional poker in recent years. He plays regularly in the German Chess Bundesliga for "OSC Baden-Baden" and the Swiss National League A for chess club "Lucerne". He has written numerous articles for New in Chess and authored a Chessbase DVD 'Queen's gambit with 5.Bf4'.

</doc>
<doc id="19942805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942805" title="Rod Matthews">
Rod Matthews

Roderick Alfred Matthews MBE (born 1943) is a British businessman, involved in the telecoms and IT sector, as well as the founder of Scottish Telecom, now known as Thus.
Career.
Having trained as a Chartered Engineer, Rod Matthews became Engineering Director at the CEGB before he went on to run a number of ICL businesses.
He was awarded the MBE in 1991.
In 1993 Rod Matthews established Scottish Telecom, now known as Thus, as a subsidiary of Scottish Power. He remained the Chief Executive until 1999.
Then in June 2000 he became President of Global Crossing Europe. He left that post after just six months and became Chief Executive of "VersaPoint".
As of October 2008, Matthews sits on the boards of the following telecommunications companies:

</doc>
<doc id="19942807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942807" title="John Fergusson">
John Fergusson

John Fergusson (May 6, 1815 – March, 1891) was a Scottish-born political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cape Breton County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Baleshare on North Uist in the Hebrides, the son of Donald Fergusson, and was educated there and at Glasgow. In 1848, he married Eliza Thompson. Fergusson was a captain in the militia, a school commissioner and a member of the Board of Health. He served as a minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council from 1867 to 1874. Fergusson was named sheriff for Cape Breton County in 1875. He died in Sydney at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19942818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942818" title="Piranha 3D">
Piranha 3D

Piranha 3D is a 2010 American 3D horror comedy film and a remake of the 1978 film "Piranha". It was directed by Alexandre Aja and sports an ensemble cast featuring Steven R. McQueen, Jessica Szohr, Jerry O'Connell, Richard Dreyfuss, Christopher Lloyd, Elisabeth Shue, Adam Scott, Kelly Brook, Riley Steele, Ving Rhames and Eli Roth.
Plot.
Fisherman Matt Boyd (Richard Dreyfuss) is fishing in Lake Victoria, Arizona when a small earthquake hits, splitting the lake floor and causing a whirlpool. Boyd falls in and is ripped apart by a school of piranhas that emerge from the chasm and ascend the vortex.
Jake Forester (Steven R. McQueen) is admiring attractive tourists as spring break begins. He reunites with his old crush, Kelly (Jessica Szohr) and meets Derrick Jones (Jerry O'Connell), a sleazy pornographer, as well as Danni Arslow (Kelly Brook), one of his actresses. Derrick convinces Jake to show him good spots on the lake for filming a pornographic movie. That night, Jake's mother, Sheriff Julie Forester (Elisabeth Shue), searches for the missing Matt Boyd with Deputy Fallon (Ving Rhames). They find his mutilated body and contemplate closing the lake. However, this is made difficult by two thousand partying college students on spring break, who are important for bringing revenue to the small town. The next morning, a lone cliff diver is attacked and consumed by the marauding fish.
Jake bribes his sister and brother, Laura (Brooklynn Proulx) and Zane (Sage Ryan), to stay home alone so that he can show Derrick around the lake. After Jake leaves, Zane drafts Laura to go fishing on a small sandbar island. They forget to tie the boat down and are stranded in the middle of the lake. Meanwhile, Jake goes to meet with Derrick and runs into Kelly, who invites herself onto Derrick’s boat, "The Barracuda". Jake meets Crystal Shepard (Riley Steele), another of Derrick’s actresses, and cameraman Andrew Cunningham (Paul Scheer).
Julie takes a team of seismologist divers — Novak (Adam Scott), Sam (Ricardo Chavira), and Paula (Dina Meyer) — to the fissure. Novak speculates that the rift leads to a buried prehistoric lake. Paula and Sam scuba dive to the bottom and discover a large cavern filled with large piranha egg stocks. Both are killed by the piranhas before they can alert the others to the discovery. Novak and Julie find Paula's corpse and pull it onto the boat, capturing a lone piranha, which they take to Carl Goodman (Christopher Lloyd), a marine biologist who works as a pet store owner. He explains that it is a super-aggressive prehistoric species, long believed to be extinct.
Julie, Novak, Fallon, and Deputy Taylor Roberts (Jason Spisak) try to evacuate the lake, but their warnings are ignored until the piranhas begin to attack the tourists. Novak boards a jet-ski with a shotgun to help while Fallon drags people to shore and Julie and Taylor try to get swimmers into the police boat. A floating stage capsizes from the weight of the panicking guests, pulling an electric wire which mutilates some tourists. Almost everyone in the lake is either wounded or killed by the piranhas or panicking guests who were recklessly driving their speed boats and accidentally causing the deaths of others (A man tries to speed away in a boat and ends up both shredding people but a woman's hair is caught in the motor and the hair and her upper forehead skin is ripped off her face. The boat then capsizes as people try to enter it and the man and the guests are devoured).
Meanwhile, Jake spots Laura and Zane on the island, and forces Derrick to rescue them. Derrick crashes the boat into some rocks, flooding the rooms below deck. Kelly is trapped in the kitchen while Derrick, Crystal and Drew fall overboard from the impact of the collision. Crystal is devoured and Drew is presumably killed. Meanwhile, Danni manages to get a partially eaten Derrick back on board.
Deputy Fallon makes a last stand, taking a boat motor and using its propeller to shred and kill many piranhas, though it is implied he is finally devoured by them. After the chaos settles, Julie receives a call from Jake pleading for help. Julie and Novak steal a speed boat and head off towards the kids. They reach Jake and attach a rope to his boat. Julie, Danni, Laura, and Zane start crossing the rope, but the piranhas latch onto Danni's hair and ultimately devour her. The others make it to safety, but the rope comes loose. Using Derrick's corpse as a distraction, Jake ties the line to himself and goes to save Kelly. He ties Kelly to him and lights a flare after releasing the gas in a pair of stored propane tanks. Novak starts the boat and speeds away just as the piranhas surround Kelly and Jake. They are dragged to safety and the propane tanks explode, destroying the boat and killing most of the piranhas.
Mr Goodman calls Julie on the radio, and Julie tells him that they seem to have killed the majority of the piranhas. Terrified, Goodman tells her that the reproductive glands on the piranha they obtained were not mature, which means that the fish they were fighting were only the babies. As Novak wonders aloud where the parents are, a human sized piranha leaps out and knocks him into the water.
Cast.
Richard Dreyfuss said that he accepted the role with after Bob Weinstein persuaded him by offering the actor a larger salary, which Dreyfuss later donated to charity. Dreyfuss also stated that the ill-fated character he plays is a parody and a near-reincarnation of Matt Hooper, the character he portrayed in the 1975 film "Jaws". "Jaws" later served as inspiration for the parody film entitled "Piranha". The song the character in "Piranha 3D" listens to on the radio on his boat is "Show Me the Way to Go Home", which Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider and Robert Shaw sing together in "Jaws".
Former pornographic actress Ashlynn Brooke, and pornographic actress Gianna Michaels make cameos in the movie as partygoers who meet extremely gruesome, piranha-related demises.
Production.
Chuck Russell was originally scheduled to direct the film, and made uncredited rewrites to the script by Josh Stolberg and Peter Goldfinger, as well as incorporating the original John Sayles script that Joe Dante directed the first time around. Alexandre Aja was selected to direct the film instead.
Production on the film was scheduled to begin late 2008, but was delayed until March 2009. In October 2008, Aja stated filming would begin in the spring. He further stated "it's such a difficult movie, not only because of the technicality of it and the CGI fish, but also because it all happens in a lake. We were supposed to start shooting now, but the longer to leave it the colder the water gets. The movie takes place during Spring Break and, of course, the studio wanted it ready for the summer, but if you've got 1,000 people who need to get murdered in the water, you have to wait for the right temperature for the water, for the weather, for everything."
Shooting took place in June 2009 at Bridgewater Channel in Lake Havasu, located in Lake Havasu City, Arizona. The water was also dyed red for the shooting.
Citing constraints with 3D camera rigs, Aja shot "Piranha" in 2D and converted to 3D in post production using a 3D conversion process developed by Michael Roderick and used by the company, Inner-D. Unlike some other 3D converted films released in 2010, "Piranha"'s conversion was not done as an afterthought, and it represents one of the first post-conversion processes to be well received by critics.
Release.
"Piranha 3D"s theatrical release date had been set for April 16, 2010, but was delayed. The film was planned to premiere on August 27, 2010, but in June 2010 was moved to August 20, 2010. The film's first trailer debuted with "Avatar". A second trailer was shown in prints of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and "Inception". It was set to have a panel on 24 July 2010 as part of the San Diego Comic-Con International but was cancelled after convention organizers decided the footage that was planned to be shown was not appropriate. Nine minutes of footage, with some unfinished effects, were leaked onto websites. The clip used in promotional TV ads and the trailer that shows Jessica Szohr's character, Kelly, face to face with a pack of piranhas was not used in the movie, and was used for promotion only.
The official poster was released June 22, 2010.
Box office.
"Piranha 3D" grossed $10,106,872 in its first 3 days, opening at #6 in the United States box office. In the United Kingdom, "Piranha 3D" opened at #4 at the box office, earning £1,487,119. As of May 16, 2011, Piranha 3D has made $83,188,165 worldwide.
Reception.
"Piranha 3D" has received average and mixed reviews. It is certified "fresh" on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes with an approval rating of 73% and an average score of 6.2 out of 10, based on 119 reviews. The consensus reads, "Playing exactly to expectations for a movie about killer fish run amok, "Piranha 3-D" dishes out gore, guffaws and gratuitous nudity with equal glee." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film has received a score of 53, based on 20 reviews, which indicates "mixed or average reviews". A tongue-in-cheek scholarly review of the movie was written for the journal "Copeia" (Chakrabarty & Fink 2011), which reviewed the movie as if it were a documentary film.
"Empire" gave the film three out of five stars, saying "Remember the film you hoped "Snakes on a Plane" would be – this is it! By any sane cinematic standards, meretricious trash ... but thrown at you with such good-humoured glee that it's hard to resist. It's a bumper-sticker of a movie: honk if you love tits and gore! Honk honk honk." Christy Lemire, film critic for the Associated Press, said "Run, don't walk: "Piranha 3D" is hilariously, cleverly gory. Mere words cannot describe how awesomely gnarly "Piranha 3D" is, how hugely entertaining, and how urgently you must get yourself to the theatre to see it. Like, now." HollywoodLife.com called the film "a campy masterpiece of a movie", adding "If you have an ounce of fun in your body, you will love this movie about killer piranhas that overtake a town of hotties — in 3D!" Peter Hall of Cinematical.com said "The gore, the nudity, the language, the gags, the characters-- it's all always on the rise. Just when you think things could not possibly get more ridiculous, that the film has peaked, Aja and screenwriters Pete Goldfinger and Josh Stolberg manage to ram another syringe of adrenaline into its heart." "The Hollywood Reporter" referred to the film as "a pitch-perfect, guilty-pleasure serving of late-summer schlock that handily nails the tongue-in-cheek spirit of the Roger Corman original" while stating ""Jaws" it ain't -- Aja exhibits little patience for such stuff as dramatic tension and tautly coiled suspense, and there are some undeniable choppy bits...but he never loses sight of the potential fun factor laid out in Pete Goldfinger and Josh Stolberg's script." The "Orlando Sentinel" gave the film one and a half stars out of four, stating that ""Piranha 3D" goes for the jugular. And generally misses, but generally in an amusing way."
Home media.
The film was released on the DVD, Blu-ray, and Blu-ray 3D formats on Tuesday, January 11, 2011. The "3D" part of the title was taken off the 2D releases to prevent confusion of the two formats. The film was released in Australia on Thursday, December 30, 2010. The film was shown on British television on Channel 5 on February 10, 2013 for the first time, and in 2D format.
Soundtrack.
Lakeshore Records released the soundtrack album of Piranha 3D which included mostly rap, dance, hip-hop and R&B music. Artists include Shwayze, Envy, Flatheads, Amanda Blank, Public Enemy, Dub Pistols, and Hadouken!.
Sequel.
Dimension Films announced a sequel shortly after the first film was released. The film is "Piranha 3DD" and is directed by John Gulager with Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan writing. It was released on June 1, 2012. It stars Ving Rhames, Paul Scheer and Christopher Lloyd, reprising their roles from Piranha 3D . "Piranha 3DD" is set at a waterpark where the piranhas find a way through the pipes.
Following its release, it failed to generate the positive critical reaction of its predecessor and grossed only $8,493,728.

</doc>
<doc id="19942826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942826" title="1999 Libyan Super Cup">
1999 Libyan Super Cup

The 1999 Libyan Super Cup was a one-legged Libyan football championship contested between LPL winners Al Mahalah and Libyan Cup winners Al Ittihad. This was the third edition of the Super Cup, and the second in its one-legged form. The match was actually played in January 2000 at the 23 October Stadium in Khoms. The match ended 0-0 after extra time, with Al Ittihad winning a long penalty shootout 11-10, and winning their first Super Cup title.

</doc>
<doc id="19942836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942836" title="Wir (disambiguation)">
Wir (disambiguation)

Wir or WIR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942839" title="2010 Speedway Grand Prix Qualification">
2010 Speedway Grand Prix Qualification

The 2010 Individual Speedway World Championship Grand Prix Qualification were a series of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the three riders who qualified for the 2010 Speedway Grand Prix. The top eight riders finishing the 2009 Grand Prix series automatically qualified for 2010. The final round of qualification – the Grand Prix Challenge – took place on 18 September 2009, in Coventry, England. The Grand Prix Challenge was won by Magnus Zetterström who finished ahead of Chris Holder and former Grand Prix rider Jarosław Hampel. All three riders qualified for the 2010 Grand Prix.
Domestic Qualifications.
Deutscher Motor Sport Bund nominated five riders and two track reserve in February 2009. Avto-Moto Zveza Slovenije nominated three riders in March 2009.
Czech Republic.
Autoklub of the Czech Republic nominated six riders in October 2008: Lukáš Dryml, Aleš Dryml, Jr., Luboš Tomíček, Jr., Adrian Rymel, Matěj Kůs and Filip Šitera. A last rider, who will be started in SGP Qualification will be nominated in 2009.
Poland.
The top three riders from 2008 Golden Helmet Final qualified for Grand Prix Qualification (Damian Baliński, Jarosław Hampel and Adrian Miedziński). Four riders will be qualified after Domestic Final. Last rider and one reserve will be nominated by Main Commission of Speedway Sport. Two Polish 2009 Speedway Grand Prix permanent (Rune Holta and Grzegorz Walasek will be started in Domestic Final. Tomasz Gollob (#3) and Sebastian Ułamek (#14) will be not started.

</doc>
<doc id="19942847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942847" title="Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes">
Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes

Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes (Havana, 3 April 1874 – 7 September 1944) was a Cuban composer, and an author of books on the history of Cuban folk music.
The outstanding habanera "Tú", written when he was sixteen, was his best-known composition. As an adult, he composed the scores for the opera "Yumurí", the ballet "Dioné", the oratorio "Navidad" and the cantata "Anacaona".
His writings are still charming and informative today, though their standing has suffered from an accurate criticism by later musicologists. They realized that he had systematically underestimated the contribution of the Africans in Cuba. He insisted, instead, on the supposed contribution of Cuba's original aboriginal population, which was subsequently disproved. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942851" title="Mihailo Petrović (footballer)">
Mihailo Petrović (footballer)

Mihailo Petrović (; born October 18, 1957) is a Serbian football coach and former football player. He also holds an Austrian passport.
He joined Japanese club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in June 2006.
In his first full season in charge, Sanfrecce reached the final of the Emperor's Cup but were relegated to J2. The side recovered in style, storming to the title with a haul of 100 points. Their excellent form continued into the next season and Sanfrecce secured a 4th-placed finish on their return to J1, qualifying for the AFC Champions League for the first time in the club's history. It was announced on 9 November 2011 that Petrović would not be renewing his contract for the 2012 season.
On December 14, 2011, Petrović was appointed to guide the Japanese side Urawa Red Diamonds for the 2012 season.
Honours as manager.
Mihailo Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mихaилo Пeтpoвић; born October 18, 1957 in Loznica, Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football coach and former football player. He also holds an Austrian passport.
He joined Japanese club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in June 2006. In his first full season in charge, Sanfrecce reached the final of the Emperor's Cup but were relegated to J2. The side recovered in style, storming to the title with a haul of 100 points. Their excellent form continued into the next season and Sanfrecce secured a 4th-placed finish on their return to J1, qualifying for the AFC Champions League for the first time in the club's history. It was announced on 9 November 2011 that Petrović would not be renewing his contract for the 2011 season.
On December 14, 2011, Petrović was appointed to guide the Japanese side Urawa Red Diamonds for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19942861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942861" title="Keokradong">
Keokradong

Keokradong is a peak located in Bangladesh, with an altitude of 986 metres (3,235 ft). Some sources claim it as the highest point of Bangladesh.
On the top of Keokradong there is a small shelter and a signboard put up by the Bangladeshi military proclaiming the altitude to be 3,172 feet.
Height measured by handheld GPS shows it is 986 metres (3,235 ft) with 3m accuracy.
There is a controversy about the highest point of Bangladesh, and some sources indicate Mowdok Mual as the most elevated peak of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19942867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942867" title="Zoo zéro">
Zoo zéro

Zoo zéro is a 1979 French film directed by Alain Fleischer and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19942870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942870" title="KIPPERS">
KIPPERS

KIPPERS (Kids In Parents' Pockets Eroding Retirement Savings) is a term to describe individuals in their late twenties or early thirties that are living in their parent's homes. They may or may not be earning an income. Similar terms include Parasite single and Boomerang Generation. 
The term has been used by a variety of news groups such as BBC News and The Australian. One of the reasons for the existence of these individuals is rising housing prices.

</doc>
<doc id="19942875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942875" title="Plec, Poland">
Plec, Poland

Plec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wieniawa, north-east of Przysucha, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19942879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942879" title="Takashi Kuwahara">
Takashi Kuwahara

Takashi Kuwahara (born May 5, 1948 in Fujieda, Shizuoka, Japan) is a Japanese football coach and former football player.
Kuwahara is well known for leading Júbilo Iwata to the 1997 and 1999 J. League title.

</doc>
<doc id="19942900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942900" title="Appling">
Appling

Appling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19942909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942909" title="Broughton Island (New South Wales)">
Broughton Island (New South Wales)

Broughton Island is an island 14 km north-east of Port Stephens, New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the Myall Lakes National Park.(map)
History.
Archaeology indicates that the Worimi people inhabited the island for at least 2,000 years, but their name for it does not seem to have been recorded. It lay within the territory of the Garrawerrigal branch ("nurra") of the Woromi. "Garrawerrigal" meant "the people of the sea", from "garoowa"=sea. "Niritba" was "the home of the mutton bird" in their language. 
Broughton Island was seen by James Cook commanding HM Bark "Endeavour" on 11 May 1770: he mistook it for a headland and called it Black Head. After its insularity was discovered, it was renamed Broughton Islands, and so appears on the 1852 Admiralty chart, "Australia, East Coast. Broken Bay to Sugarloaf Point, from a running survey by Captn. J. Lort Stokes, H.M.S. Acheron, 1851". Providence Bay also appears for the first time on this chart.
Nearby Port Stephens was surveyed by Commander William Broughton in HMS "Providence" in August 1795. Stokes appears to have named the island and bay after Broughton and his ship, perhaps on the advice of his friend, Phillip Parker King, who was then residing at Tahlee in Port Stephens and had surveyed the coast in a private capacity.
National Park.
Broughton Island has been part of the Myall Lakes National Park since it was declared in 1972. Wedge-tailed Shearwaters, known locally as "muttonbirds", nest on the island, as well as Little Penguins, close to the northern limit of their range. In November 2009, the National Parks and Wildlife Service declared the island free from rabbits and rats.

</doc>
<doc id="19942911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942911" title="2000 Libyan Super Cup">
2000 Libyan Super Cup

The 2000 Libyan Super Cup was the fourth edition of the Super Cup, and was meant to be played on December 31, 2000 between LPL winners Al Ahly Tripoli and Libyan Cup runners-up Al Swihli at the Rajab Omar Stadium in Tripoli. This was a repeat of the Libyan Cup final that was played in the same year. Al Swihli did not show for the cup final and once again, the match was not played as Al Swihli did not show, and Al Ahly Tripoli were therefore awarded a 2-0 victory. Al Swihli later apologised for not showing.

</doc>
<doc id="19942919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942919" title="St. Mary's Rectory (Aquasco, Maryland)">
St. Mary's Rectory (Aquasco, Maryland)

The old St. Mary's Rectory is a gable-front 2-story frame dwelling of three by three bays, built in 1849 and enlarged to twice its size in 1856, and located in Aquasco, Prince George's County, Maryland. The structure is significant for its architecture and for its association with the history of St. Paul's Parish and the community of Aquasco. The rectory is an excellent example of a vernacular building with Greek Revival and Italianate stylistic elements. The floor plan exemplifies a style typical of the dwellings of successful landowners and merchants on the mid 19th century in Prince George's County. Original Greek Revival style elements include the front gable entrance facade, crown molded returned cornice, porch detail, interior stair detail, door and window surrounds, and the parlor mantel. Italianate elements include the heavy bracketing of the exterior cornice and the tripartite window in the north gable end.
The old rectory served St. Paul's Parish (Episcopal) through 1977, when it was sold as a private residence. Rehabilitated by its present owners, the rectory contains a significant amount of original fabric and is little changed from its mid-19th century appearance. It is located in Aquasco, one of three remaining examples of a well-preserved agricultural community in Prince George's County. Aquasco reached its height in the 19th century, and is the location of a number of large 19th century planters homes. The rectory was stylishly built, perhaps because of its location in the thriving village and because of the affluence.
A grant was awarded to the rectory by Prince George's County Planning Board which enabled the rectory to undergo significant exterior restoration in 2011. The most valuable improvement was the removal of asbestos siding and the delicate restoration of the beautiful original german siding beneath.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19942922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942922" title="Haine (film)">
Haine (film)

Haine is a 1980 French drama film directed by Dominique Goult and starring Klaus Kinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19942925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942925" title="Walter Marcon">
Walter Marcon

Walter Marcon (28 March 1824 – 14 November 1875) was an English cricketer who played six first-class matches for Oxford University in 1843 and 1844. He had previously established a reputation for extremely fast bowling at Eton College.
Schools cricket.
Born 28 March 1824, Swaffham, Norfolk, Marcon played for the Eton First XI in 1841 and 1842 alongside another fast bowler Harvey Fellows. Marcon's pace was so quick that he warranted three long stops despite the wicketkeeper standing well back.
WG Grace wrote in his book "Cricket" that Marcon's deliveries would smash a stump if making a direct hit without bouncing first; he reported his father saying that he "could hardly trace the ball" when fielding at point. Marcon once bowled a ball that knocked the bat out of the batsman's hands and through the wicket.
First-class career.
Surprisingly given his reputation as a bowler, Marcon took no known wickets in his first-class career. Bowling analyses were rarely compiled at the time and bowlers were not credited with wickets which fell to catches.
Marcon joined the Oxford University team in 1843, making his debut against Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) on 24 May at Bullingdon Green near Oxford. Batting third, he scored 2 in the first innings and was run out for a duck in the second. That was his only match in 1843.
In 1844, he played against MCC at the Magdalen Ground on 30 May, scoring 15 and 5. He then played for West of England at Lord's on 24 June, making no score in either innings. He scored another duck followed by his career best 29 playing for Oxford against MCC at Lord's on 27 June.
In the University Match against Cambridge University at Lord's on 4 July, he scored 24 and 8 not out. His final match was for West of England against MCC at Bath, Somerset on 5 August, when he scored 2 and was not out without scoring in the second innings. His bowling analysis was recorded in this match: he took no wickets for 8 runs from 40 balls.
Later life.
Marcon abandoned cricket after he left Oxford to become a vicar in Cornwall and eventually the Rector of Edgefield in his native Norfolk, where he died in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="19942926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942926" title="Tristão de Bragança Cunha">
Tristão de Bragança Cunha

Tristão de Bragança Cunha (Konkani:त्रिस्तांव ब्रागांझ कुन्ह्य ; 2 April 1891 – 28 September 1958), alternatively spelled as Tristao de Braganza Cunha, was a prominent Indian nationalist and anti-colonial activist from Goa (then part of Portuguese India). He is popularly known as the "Father of Goan nationalism", and was the organiser of the first independence movement to liberate Goa from Portuguese rule.
Biography.
Cunha was born on 2 April 1891 in the village Chandor in Goa. He complete his school education in Panjim and then went to Pondicherry to French College for his B.A. and then to Paris. There he studied at the Sorbonne University and obtained a degree in electrical engineering. In Paris, Cunha entered the circle of Romain Rolland and helped publicise the Indian independence movement generally, and the case of Portuguese India in particular, in the French-language press.
Cunha returned to Goa in 1926 and he set up the "Comissão do Congresso de Goa" (Goa Congress Committee) in Goa in 1928 to organise the Goan intelligentsia against Portuguese colonial rule. Pressured by Portuguese authorities, Cunha transferred operations to Bombay and in 1938, affiliated his organisation with the Indian National Congress. He continued publicising the Goan case in a stream of articles and books, denouncing Portuguese rule. Among his publications were booklets "Four Hundred Years of Foreign Rule" and "The Denationalisation of Goans" (1944). Cunha was an advocate of Goan identification, political as well as cultural, with greater India.
In 1946, Cunha helped organise the famous assembly in Margão, inviting the INC speaker Ram Manohar Lohia to address what was arguably the first and largest mass gathering yet, setting in motion the Goa liberation movement. Along with the other organisers, Cunha was arrested by the Portuguese authorities in 1946. He was kept in dark damp cell at Fort Aguada. He was the first civilian to be tried by a military tribunal. He was court-martialed and sentenced to eight years imprisonment. He was deported to the Peniche prison in Portugal.
After his release from Portugal in 1954, Cunha returned to Bombay. Cunha formed and headed the Goa Action Committee, to help coordinate the numerous Goan liberation organisations that had emerged by this time. He published a newspaper called "Free Goa".
He died on 28 September 1958, Loknayak Jaiprakash Narayan was one of the pallbearers. The Government of India issued a postage stamp in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19942934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942934" title="List of Consuls-General of the United Kingdom to Jerusalem">
List of Consuls-General of the United Kingdom to Jerusalem

The British Consulate General is based in 19 Nashashibi Street in Sheikh Jarrah, Jerusalem. The aim of the Consulate General is to represent the United Kingdom in the Palestinian Territories.

</doc>
<doc id="19942942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942942" title="Dziwny jest ten świat">
Dziwny jest ten świat

Dziwny jest ten świat (""Strange is this world"") - First Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1967. At 20 December 1968, as first album in communist Poland, ""Dziwny jest ten świat"" was awarded with Golden record (160 000 copies sold).

</doc>
<doc id="19942946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942946" title="2004 Libyan Super Cup">
2004 Libyan Super Cup

The 2004 Libyan Super Cup was the 8th edition of the Super Cup, and was played on Friday, August 27, 2004 between LPL winners Al Olympic and Libyan Cup winners Al Ittihad. Al Olympic ended the game with 9 men, Nader Kara and Younes Al Shibani having both been sent off, Kara going for taking his shirt off after scoring, and Al Shibani walking for a poor tackle. Al Ittihad comfortably won the game 5-2.

</doc>
<doc id="19942958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942958" title="Historic Eight Documents">
Historic Eight Documents

The Historic Eight Documents are a set of eight monographs authored by the Indian Maoist revolutionary Charu Majumdar that outline the ideological principles on which the Naxalite militant communist movement in India was based. They laid down the idea that the Indian State was a bourgeois institution and that the main Indian communist parties had embraced revisionism by agreeing to operate within the framework of the Constitution of India. They urged a Maoist armed struggle to overthrow the Indian State. They denounced the Soviet Union both for being revisionist, as well as for supporting the Indian State.
Impact and commentary.
Both communist and non-communist sources describe these monographs as a significant inspiring factor for the Naxalbari uprising in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19942959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942959" title="La femme enfant">
La femme enfant

La femme enfant () is a 1980 French drama film directed by Raphaële Billetdoux and starring Klaus Kinski. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19942968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942968" title="Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar">
Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar

Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar () is a politician from Muzaffargarh, Punjab, Pakistan. He is of the landed gentry and is the head of a family that owns 600 hectares in cotton country. He is a powerful figure within the Pakistan Peoples Party. He was elected Member of National Assembly in 1990 and 1997 from Muzaffargarh. He was also elected member of Punjab Assembly in 1985 and 1988. He served as Provincial Minister of Punjab in Nawaz Sharif Government in Punjab from 1988 to 1990. He is father of Hina Rabbani Khar, the former Foreign Minister of Pakistan. Malik Noor Rabbani Khar is younger Brother of senior politician, former Governor of Punjab and Chief Minister of Punjab, Ghulam Mustafa Khar.
During the 2013 Pakistani general election, Khar was defeated by Jamshed Dasti, in what was described by The Economist as a "humiliating political defeat".
In the By-Election Held later after 2013 Pakistani General Elections Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar defeated Javed Dasti Brother of Jamshed Dasti by a margin of More than 9000 Votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19942994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19942994" title="2000 Rugby League World Cup qualifying">
2000 Rugby League World Cup qualifying

2000 Rugby League World Cup qualifying was contested by the national rugby league football teams of Lebanon, the United States, Morocco, Canada, Italy and Japan for the 16th spot in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup tournament. Lebanon won the tournament and went on to the World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19943000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943000" title="Tromsøysundet">
Tromsøysundet

Tromsøysundet () is a strait located in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway. It separates the island of Tromsøya (the location of the Tromsø city centre) from the mainland east of the island. The strait is crossed by the Tromsøysund Tunnel (E8 highway) and the Tromsø Bridge. The strait is about long and it ranges from about to wide. The strait connects to the Balsfjorden and Straumsfjorden to the south and into the Kvalsundet and Grøtsundet to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19943004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943004" title="Jörg van Ommen">
Jörg van Ommen

Jörg Van Ommen (born 27 September 1962 in Moers, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former German racing driver. He drove for Mercedes-AMG in the DTM in 1995 & 1996, finishing 2nd place in 1995 in a Mercedes C-Class.

</doc>
<doc id="19943005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943005" title="Prashant Pandey">
Prashant Pandey

Prashant Pandey is a Mumbai based writer director. He started his career writing Ram Gopal Varma's critically acclaimed Sarkar Raj (2008) featuring Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai. He is currently directing a biopic on Veerappan, the notorious sandalwood and ivory poacher.
Educated at Hansraj College University of Delhi, and AJK, Mass Communication Research Centre Jamia Millia Islamia Prashant Pandey had a brief stint as a journalist for ANI-REUTERS and later as a creative head with Zee tv talent hunt SAREGAMAPA
Filmography.
. always kabhi kabhi (lyrics)
. Bubble gum (Lyrics)

</doc>
<doc id="19943016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943016" title="Sunnyside (Aquasco, Maryland)">
Sunnyside (Aquasco, Maryland)

Sunnyside is a historic home located in Aquasco, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a five bay wide two-story frame house with a center hall and north and south parlors, facing east on a brick foundation. The building dates to 1844. The main block of the house is a fine example of a mid-19th century I-house, and possesses a great deal of intact original fabric. The significance of the property is enhanced by the 18th century wing, in good repair and possessing its original hearth with iron fittings. The house and outbuildings are well preserved examples of vernacular southern Maryland architecture dating from the 18th through the mid 19th century.
Sunnyside is also significant for its association with its builder, Dr. Michael Jenifer Stone (II) (1804-1877). Descendants of Dr. Stone inhabited the property through 1980. Dr. Stone, prominent in the Aquasco community and in Prince George's County, was the son of Michael Jenifer Stone, a member of the United States House of Representatives, and nephew of Thomas Stone, a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19943018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943018" title="Inbal Gavrieli">
Inbal Gavrieli

Inbal Gavrieli (, born 25 September 1975) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 2003 until 2006.
Biography.
Born in Tel Aviv, Gavrieli studied law at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya, where she gained a BA. She also studied for a BA in business administration
For the 2003 elections she was placed 28th on the Likud list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 38 seats. During her first term in the Knesset, she served as chairwoman of the committee on the status of women.
In 2004, Gavrieli together with Adi Barkan, Israeli fashion photographer and owner Barkan Modeling Agency in Tel Aviv, successfully submitted legislation to Israel's Parliament requiring all Israeli modeling agencies to use the body mass index (BMI) as a pre-requisite for employment, a first of its kind in the world.
In 2006 she used her parliamentary immunity to prevent her father's house being searched by police during an investigation into illegal gambling and tax evasion. The Movement for Quality Government requested that the attorney general open a criminal investigation into the issue. She lost her seat in the March 2006 elections.
Gavrieli is married to goalkeeper Liran Strauber.

</doc>
<doc id="19943029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943029" title="Benjamin Frater">
Benjamin Frater

Benjamin Frater (1979–2007), also known as "The Catholic Yak", was an Australian poet. Frater grew up in Western Sydney, and attended the University of Wollongong. He published one book of poetry during his life, "Bughouse Meat" (2005, Bird in the Mouth Press). He is currently the subject of a feature length documentary movie being made by Magical Real Picture Company (Australia).
External links.
See the ABC radio national radio documentary
Title: 6am in the Universe Author: Benjamin Frater Publisher: Grand Parade Poets, Wollongong 2011
The meaning of Yek rests between the collective human unconsciousness and the infinite darkness of God. Yek is the Horned Being of ancient man's cave drawings. Yek is Dr Sax, shadow beings and the fear of our own immortality. Benjamin's poetical works represented the individual's deconstruction of the remnants of our cultural prehistory: the poet is the platonic philosopher. Use of repetition and holy indelible mantra to find the basic consonance and resonance within the collective mind. Without fear of the darkness, without seeking recompensence- a true visionary poet came and extended the realms of our known art, and relinquished the fragility of the individual and left us.

</doc>
<doc id="19943046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943046" title="National Federation of Atheist, Humanist and Secular Student Societies">
National Federation of Atheist, Humanist and Secular Student Societies

The National Federation of Atheist, Humanist and Secular Student Societies, or the AHS as it is more commonly known, is a national umbrella organisation for free-thinking, atheist, humanist and secular student societies in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It is composed of a number of student societies from institutes of higher education and is facilitated and supported by The British Humanist Association (BHA). Its aim is to provide a national voice for free thinking student societies in the UK and help coordinate national activities. The AHS works closely with the National Secular Society (NSS) to promote secularism among students. The AHS believes that unsupported beliefs that are bigoted or demand special privileges should always be challenged.
The AHS is also a member of International Humanist and Ethical Youth Organisations (IHEYO), which is the Youth Wing of International Humanist and Ethical Union (IHEU).
Events.
As well as the Annual General Meeting, the AHS runs events for its members.
History.
The AHS sprang from discussion on the "Secular Portal", a now-defunct online forum for members of Atheist, Humanist and Secular Student societies. This led to the organisation of the Secular Student Conference, hosted by the University of Edinburgh Humanist Society in June 2008, which became the first of what would later be known as the AHS' Annual General Meeting (AGM). It was attended by students from Durham, Edinburgh, Keele, Leeds, Oxford and Warwick and representatives from The BHA, National Secular Society (NSS) and Humanist Society of Scotland to pledge their support to the organisation. The name, structure and aims of the National Federation were also agreed during this event.
The constitution of the AHS was developed in the months that followed, before being ratified at a second conference held in Leeds in November later that year.
From here, the AHS began organising its press launch. This occurred on 19 February 2009 at Conway Hall in London and featured guest speakers Richard Dawkins, AC Grayling and Polly Toynbee along with many students and other distinguished guests. An irreligious fair was held, with stands from the NSS, BHA, Accord, the Council of Ex-Muslims of Britain and Waterstones. The event was covered by a number of national papers including The Guardian and The Independent.
The second AHS AGM was held in June 2009, hosted by Warwick Atheist Society, and saw the election of the second cabinet, with Jenna Catley becoming president. The Regional Development Officer (RDO) Scheme was launched at this AGM, and the first batch of RDOs were elected.
The second convention was held on 27 February 2010 and was hosted by the Oxford Atheist Society and Oxford Secular Society as part of Oxford Think Week. This one focused on training, with several workshops running throughout the day. Its irreligious fair now featured the NSS, BHA, New Humanist, Gay and Lesbian Humanist Association, , Camp Quest UK, Iran Solidarity UK and Chris Worfolk Foundation. The day also featured a performance by the BHA Choir.
The third AGM was hosted by Bristol Atheist, Agnostic and Secular Society. Richy Thompson was elected the third president and the AHS was reconstituted to be facilitated and supported by the British Humanist Association. By now the speaker, film and debate directories had been created, the regular newsletter had started and the new (and current) website was launched.
The fourth AGM was Hosted by Southampton Atheist Society and Jennifer Bartle was elected the AHS' fourth president.
The fifth AGM was hosted by Birmingham and Jessica Vautier was elected the AHS' fifth president.
The sixth AGM was hosted by Oxford Atheist Societies and Rory Fenton was elected the AHS' sixth president.
Aims and objectives.
The AHS was set up to support both established and newly-forming atheist, humanist and secular student groups and give voice which could be heard nationally. It hoped to achieve this by providing a network, resources and a joint platform for these societies through which they could make their needs and views known on both a national and international level.
According to their own website the AHS' vision is "to see a thriving atheist, humanist or secular student society in every institute of Higher Education in the UK and Republic of Ireland". They do this by running a variety of events, providing useful information to societies and representing its members on a national and international scale.
Organisational structure.
The AHS is run by a committee composed of representatives from each society, namely the president and an elected representative. From the committee the executive, composed of a president, secretary and treasurer, are then elected to form the core leadership body of the organisation. The cabinet consists of the executive and officers (press officer, head of membership, head of education and web master).
In a structure known as the "Regional Scheme" the UK and Ireland are split up into 13 regions. There are 9 in England and 1 for Scotland, 1 for Wales, 1 for Northern Ireland and 1 for Republic of Ireland. Each region has their own Regional Development Officer (previously Regional Representative) who lives in that region and is there to support and help set up societies there.
There is also a sovereign decision making body within the AHS called the "Caucus". This consists of two representatives from each member society, the executive and the board. They are responsible for electing the executive to manage the organisation on their behalf, determining and directing major policy choices and ratifying applications for membership.

</doc>
<doc id="19943070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943070" title="The Great Ghost Rescue">
The Great Ghost Rescue

The Great Ghost Rescue is a children's novel authored by Eva Ibbotson. It was published by Macmillan in 1975. The story deals with a ghost called Humphrey the Horrible.
A film adaptation of the novel debuted in 2011.
Plot.
Humphrey the Horrible is a pleasant, friendly ghost - quite unlike his frightful, ghastly and loathsome family: his mother, a Hag; his father, a Scottish ghost killed fighting in the Battle of Otterburn in which he lost both his legs, and was run through by a sword; his brother George, a screaming skull; and his sister, Winifred, a wailing ghost covered in bloodstains.
The ghost family are turned out of their castle home when humans plan to redevelop the castle into a holiday resort. They travel across England, accompanied by their headless Aunt Hortensia and their pet Shuk, and come to Norton Castle School, mistaking it for an empty castle. Here, they meet Rick, a student quite unafraid of ghosts. Rick plans to take the ghosts to the Prime Minister for peace talks concerning the large numbers of ghosts being turned out of their homes.
The ghosts and Rick head to London, and pick up an assortment of hangers-on along the way: Walter the Wet, a ghost haunting a polluted river; Cousin Susie and her vampire bat brood; and the Mad Monk, whose church was destroyed to make way for a motorway.
In London, Rick seeks out his member of parliament, Clarence Wilks, but the ignorant politician dismisses Rick's story as a fanciful pretense. Rick and the ghosts, furious at Wilks' disbelief, haunt his house and ruin a dinner party with several prominent guests. Wilks takes the ghosts to meet with the Prime Minister in exchange for leaving him be.
The Prime Minister is shaken though sensible, and cannot promise the ghosts land for their own. However, a Lord Bullhaven, present throughout the whole conversation, allows the ghosts to settle in his land in northern Scotland, a place called Insleyfarne. The ghosts are thrilled, and settle in there. Rick returns to Norton Castle School, saddened to leave his friends behind.
Lord Bullhaven, however, is revealed to be "the sort of person who couldn't bear anything to be even the least bit unusual or out of the ordinary", and had gathered the ghosts of England at Insleyfarne to exorcise them. He recruits several clergymen and takes them to Insleyfarne in a bid to exorcise the ghosts. Humphrey manages to escape and, weakened, travels to Norton Castle School to warn Rick. Rick, his friend Barbara (daughter of the school cook) and new boy Peter Thorne, travel to Insleyfarne by plane to save the ghosts. They are helped by Mr Wallance, one of the clergymen who agreed to exorcise the ghosts for enough money to feed his starving family, but regrets his decision to help Bullhaven. Rick, Barbara and Peter find the Hag, close to death, and she instructs them on supernatural remedies to save the other ghosts, such as saying Latin curses backwards and using dried wormwood to cure the Shuk's tail.
The ghosts hold a party to celebrate their survival and victory over Bullhaven. They rename Humphrey "HUMPHREY THE HEROIC" and pronounce Rick as "RICK THE RESCUER". The party is interrupted by Bullhaven, who in his anger, crashed his car into a stone wall, and has returned to Insleyfarne as a ghost. Rick implores the other ghosts to offer him sanctuary.
Rick, Barbara and Peter return to their school and Rick is thoughtful and quiet. Barbara tells him about the plight of the polar bears about Alaska, and Rick begins forming plans for yet another adventure.

</doc>
<doc id="19943078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943078" title="Shadvidamargini">
Shadvidamargini

Shadvidamargini (pronounced , meaning "the one with the road to a hundred forms of knowledge") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 46th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Stavarājam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 4th rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Bhu". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dhi ni". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The "swaras shuddha rishabham, sadharana gandharam, prati madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kaisiki nishadham" are used in this scale. As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Natakapriya", which is the 10th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Shadvidamargini" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Shadvidamargini".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Shadvidamargini" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Shadvidamargini's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields "Nasikabhooshani", a minor "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19943084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943084" title="Erfan Nasajpour">
Erfan Nasajpour

Erfan Nasajpour (, born 21 March 1984) is an Iranian-Canadian professional basketball player. He currently plays for Petrochimi Bandar Imam Basketball Club in the Iranian Basketball Super League.
He attended high school at Daniel McIntyre Collegiate Institute in Winnipeg, MB, and was captain for the University of Winnipeg in the CIS.

</doc>
<doc id="19943098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943098" title="Afghan German Management College">
Afghan German Management College

The Afghan German Management College (AGMC) is a German-Afghan NGO. It was established at the beginning of 2006 in the German city of Koblenz. Until 2007 this institution was known under the name of "Afghan Business School." The AGMC offers management knowledge in English language for students in Afghanistan. The lectures are taught via distant-learning. 
The AGMC is an institute for higher business education in Afghanistan. The AGMC has its focus on high quality management education and training. The colleges’ intention is to provide access to Higher Education to all Afghan people. 
Program.
The college offers a Bachelor-Study programme. The students can reach three different titles: Business Manager, Business Professional and Bachelor of International Business Studies of the AGMC (BBA). There are seven courses in the following fields: Strategic Management, Marketing Management, Accounting, Management of Projects, Management in Logistics, Human Resource Management and Macroeconomics. 
You get the title of “Business Manager”, if you successfully pass three of all these courses. If a student passes all of them (s)he becomes a “Business Professional“. For the „Bachelor of International Business Studies of the AGMC“ degree, students have to write a thesis about 30 pages in English language. In addition they have to join an internship in a civil company. 
Every semester consists of four months. At the end of a semester the students have to pass case studies. 
Organisation.
The College is headed by the Founder and President Bastian Kuhl. Dr. Andreas Philipp is the scientific counselor. 
The board of directors is a committee of Afghans and Germans who administer the affairs of the college together. Furthermore it is responsible for the development and implementation of all relevant strategic topics. Samiullah Ayobi, Sadaqat Sadiq and Thomas Brackmann also work in the BoD.
UNESCO prize.
The AGMC has been officially accredited by the UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) DESD (Decade of Education and Sustainable Development). The UNESCO certifies that the College's Program creates a more sustainable future in terms of economic viability and environmental integrity. This accreditation acknowledges that the AGMC integrates the principles, values, and practices of sustainable development into all aspects of Higher Education.
External links.
Homepage

</doc>
<doc id="19943101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943101" title="Dual (album)">
Dual (album)

Dual is an album by four acclaimed Irish and Scottish musicians: Éamonn Doorley, Muireann Nic Amhlaoibh (both prominently of Danú), Julie Fowlis and Ross Martin.
The artists released the album in October 2008 on their official websites. The album was planned to project the similarities and differences between the Irish and Scottish Gaelic song traditions. The album features Scottish waulking songs such as "Alasdair Mhic Cholla Ghasda", and oddly an Irish Gaelic equivalent to the Gaidhlig Puirt a Beul. The songs are set in a traditional/folk accompaniment, very different from the recorded versions of a few of the songs by the likes of Capercaillie and Clannad.
The four musicians have been playing music together since a sing-song at the Tønder Festival in 2003. The four-piece has toured together twice a year both in Ireland and Scotland. Julie and Muireann have had very similar upbringings and found their music and languages shared many common threads. Hence the name, "Dual", which means "to braid, to twine, inheritance or native" in both Irish Gaelic and Scottish Gaelic. The album features songs in Irish and Scots-Gaelic, and tunes from both cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="19943128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943128" title="FIA Contract Recognition Board">
FIA Contract Recognition Board

The FIA Contract Recognition Board (CRB) is a body set up by motorsports governing body, the FIA, to determine the legality of driver contracts and to settle disputes between Formula One teams over such contracts. The CRB meets in Geneva, Switzerland and is made up of independent lawyers who are considered to be suitably experienced in the law of contract. It aims to decide disputes in a few days, rather than the extended periods a court of law would take. 
The CRB was formed after Michael Schumacher signed to drive for the Benetton team in , despite having agreed to discuss a contract with the Jordan team.

</doc>
<doc id="19943148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943148" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 1)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 1)

The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. Belgium and Bulgaria finished level on points, a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify. The winner (Bulgaria) qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Constant Vanden Stock

Head coach: Rudolf Vytlačil

Head coach: Milovan Ćirić

</doc>
<doc id="19943222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943222" title="Alex Dawson">
Alex Dawson

Alexander Downie Dawson (born 21 February 1940) was a Scottish football player.
Although born in Aberdeen, Dawson started his career as a trainee with Manchester United. He helped the club win the league title in 1957. He left United for Preston North End in 1961 after scoring 54 goals in all competitions for the Red Devils. At Preston, he became known as "The Black Prince of Deepdale" and featured in their 1964 FA Cup Final team. He scored in the final as Preston lost 3–2 to West Ham United. He later played for Bury, Brighton and Brentford.
Dawson was the last player to score a hat trick in an FA Cup semi-final, back in 1958 when Manchester United beat Fulham 5–3 in a replay at Highbury.

</doc>
<doc id="19943267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943267" title="BMS-564,929">
BMS-564,929

BMS-564,929 is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator, which is being developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb for treatment of the symptoms of age-related decline in androgen levels in men ("andropause"). These symptoms may include depression, loss of muscle mass and strength, reduction in libido and osteoporosis. Treatment with exogenous testosterone is effective in counteracting these symptoms but is associated with a range of side effects, the most serious of which is enlargement of the prostate gland, which can lead to benign prostatic hypertrophy and even prostate cancer. This means there is a clinical need for selective androgen receptor modulators, which produce anabolic effects in some tissues such as muscle and bone, but without stimulating androgen receptors in the prostate. 
BMS-564,929 is one such compound currently in early human clinical trials, which is an orally active, potent and selective agonist for androgen receptors (Ki 2.1nM, 20x functional selectivity for muscle tissue over prostate) and in studies on castrated rats it was shown to counteract decrease in muscle mass over time, and at higher doses even increased muscle mass, without significantly affecting prostate tissue. It does however vastly reduce luteinizing hormone levels, it being an astonishing 33x more suppressive compound than testosterone, which may be a problem in human clinical use.
Selective androgen receptor modulators may also be used by athletes to assist in training and increase physical stamina and fitness, potentially producing effects similar to anabolic steroids but with significantly less side effects. For this reason, SARMs have already been banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency since January 2008 despite no drugs from this class yet being in clinical use, and blood tests for all known SARMs are currently being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19943320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943320" title="Suvarnangi">
Suvarnangi

Suvarnangi (pronounced , meaning "the golden bodied one") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 47th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Souveeram or Sauviram in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 5th rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Ma". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dhi nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
Its "swaras" are "shuddha rishabham, sadharana gandharam, prati madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Kokilapriya", which is the 11th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Suvarnangi" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Suvarnangi".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Suvarnangi" rāgam are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Suvarnangi's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19943328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943328" title="Lady Jane Felsham">
Lady Jane Felsham

Lady Jane Felsham is a character in the British television series "Lovejoy", adapted from the novels by Jonathan Gash. She was played by Scottish actor Phyllis Logan.
Initially married to Lord Alexander Felsham, and living at Felsham Hall when Lovejoy first meets her she quickly strikes up a friendly relationship with Lovejoy, often helping him with his deals, and at one point going into business with him. She commonly had to bail out Lovejoy with money, at various times during their acquaintance.
After Lord Felsham bankrupts himself and leaves her, she begins to become more romantically close to Lovejoy. They kiss but never take their relationship any farther than that. At the beginning of series five she leaves to live in America, working as an interior designer but returns for the final episode "Last Tango in Lavenham".

</doc>
<doc id="19943339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943339" title="Alan Morrison (racing driver)">
Alan Morrison (racing driver)

Alan Morrison (born March 3, 1968 in Downpatrick) is a British racing driver who resides in Northern Ireland.
Racing career.
After spending his early racing years in motocross, he first started circuit racing in the Ford Fiesta championship in 1997 and again this time winning the championship in 1998. He entered the Vauxhall Vectra Sri Challenge in 1999, finishing 2nd on points. For 2000 Morrison was in the British Touring Car Championship's newly introduced class B. With his Peugeot 306 Gti he won the class championship with 13 class B wins. He is probably best known that year for a huge crash at Brands Hatch where he went into a barrel roll going round the Grand Prix circuit. In 2002 he got a BTCC touring class works drive for Honda, ran by Arena in a Honda Civic Type-R. He drove with Andy Priaulx as team mate and finished 9th in the championship, including one race win, at Donington Park. He stayed with the team the following year with a new team mate in Matt Neal, and finished an impressive 5th on points. Morrison returned to the BTCC in 2009, as a late entry back with Arena Motorsport (under the Team Aon banner) in a Ford Focus ST but left the team after the Oulton Park weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="19943360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943360" title="Peter Mark Memorial award">
Peter Mark Memorial award

This award was established in 1979 by American Vacuum Society "
To recognize outstanding theoretical or experimental work by a young scientist or engineer." 

</doc>
<doc id="19943365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943365" title="Samprada Singh">
Samprada Singh

Samprada Singh is the founder and chairman of Alkem Laboratories, Ltd., which develops, manufactures, and markets pharmaceutical formulations and neutraceuticals in India. It has operations in Europe, Africa, the Asia pacific, South America, and the United States. India.
Early life and business career.
Singh founded Alkem Laboratories Ltd. in 1973 and serves as its Chairman. Mr. Singh is one of the most respected and successful entrepreneurs of the Indian Pharmaceutical Industry.
Singh earned a B.Com. degree from Patna University's Gaya College of Engineering in Bihar in 1950. Singh holds a post-graduate degree in Political Science.
How a young Patna University graduate with a simple family background became the head of the major pharmaceutical company in India is Samprada Singh’s unusual story. Mr Singh, founder and chairman of Alkem Laboratories, a $2.5bn pharma company, could probably say he owes his success to his initial misfortunes which he translated into success with entrepreneurial zeal and a positive mental attitude. Born and brought up in Bihar, he wanted to be a doctor. Since this dream could not be realised he was compelled to explore other pastures. In 1946, he entered Gaya College, Patna University to specialise in commerce. Once he obtained his graduate degree, Mr Singh thought he would, like his parents, work in agriculture. However, successive droughts in the Bihar constrained him to change his plans once again. In 1953 Mr Singh opened his first business, a small chemist retail store in Patna. Seven years after opening his medical store, Mr Singh felt it wasn’t enough. He started a business of pharmaceutical distribution in 1960 under the banner of ‘Magadh Pharma’. During these years, he started cultivating doctors and senior executives from major pharma companies. “My relationships pharma big bosses were excellent,” he explains. Once again, after a few years, Mr Singh was already thinking of new ways to expand. Realising how limited were opportunities for the distribution business in Patna, he moved to Mumbai, where he decided to set up his own pharmaceutical company under the name ‘Alkem Laboratories’. The company’s beginnings were not easy, admits Mr Singh. “There were many conflicts of power then in the industry and many did not wish to see me succeed,” he said. Besides, “the capital initially invested in the company was small, and the first years were financially difficult.” The company started its activities by focusing on anti-bacterials, NSAIDs, etc which at that time were prime therapeutic segments.
Then came the turning point which catapulted Alkem Laboratories into the Big League. In 1989, Alkem Labs successfully manufactured and marketed Taxim, a generic version of the antibiotic cefotaxime. MNC Hoechst Marion Roussel (now Sanofi Aventis) were the innovators of the product and the company’s brand dominated the market at that time. “Aventis probably felt that a relatively small Indian company like ours may not pose them any threat but they were in for a big surprise. We surged way ahead of them,” said Mr Singh. The competitive prices offered by Alkem Labs could not possibly be matched by the French company, which soon had to completely halt production. “Taxim really changed the whole profile of the company. It gave the company more visibility and a new credibility,” he told ET. Today, Alkem Labs ranks number seven in the domestic market and sells 75 million vials of Taxim per year, which probably represents more in terms of volume than any given molecule’s sales in the world. Taxim also accounts for around 15% of the company’s revenues. Over the years marketing and finance became Alkem’s strengths. 
Alkem Labs has a very strong track record of building brands. In fact, Alkem is today a zero debt company and 12 of the company’s brands feature among the top 300 pharma brands in India. Mr Singh mainly attributes the growth of his company to his ability to entertain the best relations possible with his employees, associates and distributors. “Gaining people’s trust and commitment is one of the most important things to succeed. You have to make sure that all people you work with, whether they work within or with the company, are happy and you have to make them grow too, as the company expands,” explains Mr Singh. 
At 79 years, Mr Singh still has great plans for the company’s future. Not only is he about to open a new division dedicated to nutraceuticals and food processing, but he also intends to make Alkem Labs one of the top five Indian pharma companies within 2 years, primarily by increasing international presence in addition to domestic consolidation. The target is set high at Rs 2000 crore for 2010. But Mr Singh is confident. “That’s not a problem, it will be easy,” he concludes with a smile. Mr Singh’s life story epitomises the old English adage “From tiny acorns grow mighty 
Company's headquarter and its factories
Alkem Laboratories has its headquarter in Lower Parel (Mumbai). It has its factories all over India like Baddi (Himachal Pradesh), Taloja (Maharashtra Near Mumbai),Sikkim,Daman and some other location's are also there.
Mahatma Gandhi has been a constant influence on his life. He comes from a family of nationalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19943371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943371" title="Willingdon Down">
Willingdon Down

Willingdon Down is a Site of Special Scientific Interest located in the borough of Eastbourne, East Sussex, England. 
The site falls within the South Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). It is of biological interest due to its uncommon habitat of chalk grassland. There is also archaeological interest with a Neolithic camp and burial grounds within the designated site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19943377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943377" title="Robert R. M. Carpenter">
Robert R. M. Carpenter

Robert R. M. Carpenter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19943379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943379" title="Leta Lindley">
Leta Lindley

Leta Lindley (born June 1, 1972) is an American professional golfer who captured her first LPGA Tour title after 15 years on tour at the 2008 LPGA Corning Classic. 
Lindley, whose first golf job was painting stripes on range balls as an 11-year-old, has had a long and successful career in the game. After graduating from the University of Arizona in 1994 with a degree in communications, Lindley turned pro in 1995. She ranks among the top 60 all-time LPGA money winners, despite having only one win. Lindley's husband, Matt Plagmann, caddies for her; her son Cole, and daughter Reese travel with the couple. The whole family was on the 18th green to celebrate her hard-earned victory at the 2008 Corning Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19943381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943381" title="Glen Carter-Varney">
Glen Carter-Varney

Glennis Carter–Varney (born 12 May 1938) is an Australian composer, pianist and educator: formerly as Head of Contemporary Keyboard studies and lecturer in piano at the Melba Memorial Conservatorium in Melbourne and as Music Director at The Scots School in Albury New South Wales. She also taught class music at Methodist Ladies College in Melbourne and directed her own private Music Schools in Melbourne and Brisbane. She has produced musicals, trained choirs and madrigal groups, performed as a soloist and recording artist, and her experience is wide and varied.
Early life and education.
Born in country Victoria, Carter–Varney commenced musical training at the age of three and as a student won many eisteddfods and competitions. At the age of twelve she gained her Associate Diploma and was offered a scholarship to study piano with Waldemar Seidel at the Melbourne University Conservatorium. On two occasions she was awarded a Conservatorium Exhibition for piano. She also studied composition with John Ingram and Bernard de Oliviera. She later studied with Norah Newby at the Royal Academy in London.
Career.
She has given concerts and workshops in the USA and Australia and has several recordings to her credit which have been used in programs for ABC and commercial radio. She also worked as a session musician accompanying other Australian artists in the recording studios in Melbourne and has given many radio recitals for the ABC from the Melbourne and Sydney studios. As part of a Duo piano partnership with her husband, she was featured in the top rating television shows Showcase, Bobby Limb's Sound Of Music, and the Melbourne Tonight Shows with Graeme Kennedy. She is currently an examiner for the Australian Music Examination Board and has conducted the workshops for Contemporary Popular Music for AMEB Queensland.
Carter–Varney has written, published and recorded a collection of music for the piano and the most recent Summer Dreaming – a suite of five pieces – was inspired by the painting entitled The Spirits Within by Australian Artist Roger Saunders. The Artamidae, Sonic Fantasy and Shades of Blue were written for the Keys National Festival for Australian Music and were performed by award winners at the Festival held at the Brisbane Convention Centre in 2003 and 2004. Many of these pieces along with her Kool Piano Series have been included in the examination syllabuses of the Australian Music Examinations Board, Australian and New Zealand Cultural Arts, Australian Guild of Music and Speech and St Cecilias.
Personal life.
In 1961 Glen married Jack Carter, Town Clerk of Albury NSW who was also a talented pianist and organist and a Fellow of the Trinity College London. Together they formed the Duo piano partnership which achieved fame in the television and radio programs of the sixties and seventies. They also played as Guest Soloists in concertos with the Royal Australian Navy Concert Orchestra on several occasions under conductor Commander Hooker. They had two daughters and their musical avocation has continued on through their eldest daughter Sonya Visser who is a highly respected music educator.
In later life Jack Carter died and Glen married well known Jazz musician and record producer Jack Varney, one of the original members of the Graeme Bell Jazz Band which was the first Australian jazz Band to achieve international renown.
Music.
The piano music written by Carter-Varney is contemporary and melodious in style with lush harmonic structure. Many of the pieces are reflective of the Australian bush birds and animals. The Artamidae, one of her most popular recital pieces has been written around the songs of three little butcher birds who were singing in the tree tops in her garden.
Art has been an inspiration for much of the music, and art works from Wild Hearts Gallery Buderim Queensland have been used for the covers with designs organised by Gallery Director, Kathleen Tulley. The collection has been entitled Piano Art.
Selected works.
Piano.
"Summer Dreaming".
Advanced piano
"Summer Dreaming" (2005)
"The Kingfisher" (2005) 
"Turtles" (2005)
"The Golden Gecko" (2005) 
"Kool Jazzy Tunes".
Easy piano levels
"Ants In Your Pants" (2005)
"Muffins for Free" (2005)
"Waltz for Lu Lu" (2005)
"Top Dog Ted" (2005)
"Ted Goes To Town" (2005)
"The Saints for Two (duet version)" (2005) 
"Kool Piano".
Intermediate Piano
"Prelude: Noosa Waters" (2005)
"Dancing Girl" (2005) 
"The Lonely Doll" (2005)
"Glider in the Sky" (2005) 
"Recital Series".
Single Sheet Music
"The Artamidae" (2005) 
"Sonic Fantasy" (2005) 
"Shades of Blue" (2005) 

</doc>
<doc id="19943385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943385" title="1997 BMW Open – Singles">
1997 BMW Open – Singles

Slava Doseděl was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Mark Philippoussis won the title, defeating Àlex Corretja 7–6(7–3), 1–6, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19943389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943389" title="Gautam Radhakrishna Desiraju">
Gautam Radhakrishna Desiraju

Gautam Radhakrishna Desiraju (Telugu: గౌతం రాధాకృష్ణ దేశిరాజు) (born August 21, 1952) is an Indian chemist who works in the Solid State and Structural Chemistry Unit of the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. He works in the area of structural chemistry and crystal engineering. Desiraju has played a major role in the development of crystal engineering for nearly three decades. He, among others, has been responsible in recent times for the acceptance of the theme of weak hydrogen bonding in structural and supramolecular chemistry. His books on crystal engineering (1989) and on the weak hydrogen bond in structural chemistry and biology (1999) are especially notable. He has co-authored a textbook in crystal engineering (2011). He is one of the most highly cited Indian chemists and has been recognised by a number of awards such as the Alexander von Humboldt Forschungspreis and the TWAS award in Chemistry. He was elected President of the International Union of Crystallography for the triennium 2011-2014.
Biography.
Gautam Desiraju was born 21 August 1952 in Chennai, India, formerly Madras. Desiraju obtained his B.Sc. (1972) from St. Xavier's College, Bombay and Ph.D. (1976) from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where he worked under the supervision of David Y. Curtin and Iain C. Paul. He worked between 1976 and 1978 in the Research Laboratories of Eastman Kodak Company in Rochester, NY. From 1978 to 1979 he was a research fellow in the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. He joined the University of Hyderabad in 1979 as a lecturer and was promoted as reader in 1984 and professor in 1990. He spent a year (1988–1989) in the CR&D department of DuPont in Wilmington as a visiting scientist. After 30 years in the University of Hyderabad, he joined the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore. He is a member of the editorial advisory boards of Angewandte Chemie, Journal of the American Chemical Society, Chemical Communications and Chemical Science. He is the president of the International Union of Crystallography[http://www.iucr.org/]. He was the chair of the first Gordon Research Conference in Crystal Engineering, which was held in 2010. He is a recipient of an honorary doctorate degree of the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba, Argentina.
Major research contributions.
Desiraju's major contribution to the subject of crystal engineering has been the development of the concept of the supramolecular synthon, which is a small sub-structural unit that is an adequate enough representation of the entire crystal structure of a molecular solid. The major problem in crystal engineering is that the prediction of a crystal structure from a molecular structure is very difficult, and not easily derivable from functional groups. Identification of supramolecular synthons simplifies this otherwise intractable problem so that some progress may be made in the design of a particular crystal structure. His review on this subject in Angewandte Chemie in 1995 now has more than 2500 citations and is a major landmark in the area. The supramolecular synthon concept is now widely used by crystal engineers notably in the design of pharmaceutical co-crystals, which are important from scientific and commercial viewpoints. Crystal engineering is effectively like supramolecular synthesis in the solid state, and there is a direct analogy between the supramolecular synthon of Desiraju and the molecular synthon that was proposed for organic synthesis by E. J. Corey.
Desiraju's second major contribution has been to recognise that weakly activated groups like the C-H group can act as donors of hydrogen bonds in molecular and biomolecular systems. These weak hydrogen bonds had been discussed sporadically since the 1930s, but it was only after the 1980s that the idea of a weakly activated group forming hydrogen bonds gained acceptance in the chemical community. Desiraju was among the few structural chemists who argued in those early days that the C-H...O and other weak interactions have a hydrogen bond character.
Desiraju has authored around 375 publications, and in addition to the three books on crystal engineering and hydrogen bonding mentioned above, he has edited three multi-author books on these topics in structural chemistry. He has guided the Ph. D work of more than 30 students over the past 30 years.
General writing.
Desiraju has authored several commentaries on science, the evolution of chemistry as a subject, emergence and complexity, and research habits and practices in various cultures. He has also written articles about the state of science education and research in India,[http://www.hinduonnet.com/2007/02/19/stories/2007021902651000.htm], and about the current status of chemistry research in India, where he has identified problems and suggested solutions in situations that are, in part, expected in a country that is rooted in the traditional but yet aspires for the contemporary.
ISI Ratings.
Each of his two authored books has more than 2000 cites each. His 1995 review in Angewandte Chemie has been cited more than 2500 times. Five of his ~375 publications have been cited 1000 or more times, 16 over 200, and 43 over 100. He has an h-index of 65 and this makes him one of the most highly cited scientists in India.
Research Keywords.
supramolecular chemistry, crystal engineering, hydrogen bond, intermolecular interactions, crystal structures, X-ray crystallography

</doc>
<doc id="19943431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943431" title="Divyamani">
Divyamani

Divyamani (pronounced , meaning "the divine gem") is a rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is the 48th in the series. It is called Jeevantika or Jeevantini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dhu nu". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Roopavati", which is the 12th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Divyamani" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for all rāgams associated with "Divyamani".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Divyamani" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Divyamani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19943451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943451" title="Jimin Kang">
Jimin Kang

Jimin Kang (, born 28 January 1980) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays primarily on the LPGA Tour.
Kang had a distinguished amateur career including finishing runner-up in 1999 U.S. Women's Amateur. She attended Arizona State University. She turned professional in 2002.
Kang played on the Futures Tour from 2002 to 2004, winning three times. In 2004, she won the Player of the Year honors and the money list title to earn her LPGA Tour card for 2005.
Kang won the 2005 LPGA Corning Classic, which included a hole-in-one at the short 15th hole in the final round.
Results in LPGA majors.
^ The Women's British Open replaced the du Maurier Classic as an LPGA major in 2001.<br>
DNP = did not play.<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut.<br>
"T" = tied<br>
WD = withdrew<br>
Yellow background for a top-10 finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19943467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943467" title="Sheringham High School">
Sheringham High School

Sheringham High School is a secondary school and sixth form located in the town of Sheringham in the English county of Norfolk. The school has around 810 students, usually including between 160 and 180 in the sixth form centre. It shares a campus with Sheringham Primary School and Sheringham Woodfields School. The current headteacher is Tim Roderick.
The school takes students from primary schools in Sheringham, Kelling and Holt. It has a specialism in the arts, and is a member of the Microsoft IT Academy programme.
On 1 November 2011 the school became an academy.
The Sex Education Show vs Pornography.
In Spring 2009, Sheringham High School was featured in the Channel 4 series entitled "The Sex Education Show vs Pornography".
Ofsted Inspections.
In January 2009 the school was inspected by Ofsted and found to be a good school which had improved since the previous inspection.
Houses.
Sheringham High School has four houses named after famous Norfolk people. Carter house named after adventurer Howard Carter, Cavell named after nurse Edith Cavell, Nelson after Lord Admiral Nelson and Sewell after author Anna Sewell.

</doc>
<doc id="19943469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943469" title="Merise">
Merise

Merise is a general-purpose modeling methodology in the field of information systems development, software engineering and project management. First introduced in the early 1980s, it was widely used in France, and was developed and refined to the point where most large French governmental, commercial and industrial organizations had adopted it as their standard methodology. 
Merise proceeds to separate treatment of data and processes, where the data view is modelled in three stages - from conceptual, and logical, through to physical. Similarly, the process-oriented view passes through the three stages of conceptual, organizational and operational. These stages in the modelling process are paralleled by the stages of the life cycle: strategic planning, preliminary study, detailed study, development, implementation and maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="19943472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943472" title="Roman heritage in Serbia">
Roman heritage in Serbia

The territory of what is today the Republic of Serbia was under Roman (and later Byzantine) rule for about 600 years, from the 1st century BC until the Slavic invasions of the 6th century.
It was administratively divided into Moesia (later Moesia Superior, corresponding to Serbia proper, Pannonia (later Pannonia Inferior) and Dardania (corresponding to eastern and western Serbia proper, respectively).
The Danube River influenced the extension of the Roman Empire, and its confluents, such as Sava and Morava, affected the growth of frontier fortresses and towns, whose remains present the extent of the Roman Empire with architecture that presents the crown of Roman culture. Many authors and explorers wrote about traces of the Roman Empire on the Danube coast. One of the localities, Felix Romuliana, was ranked on the list of cultural heritage of UNESCO in July 2007.
Serbia's strategic location between two continents has subjected it to invasions by many peoples. The northern Serbian city of Sirmium ("Sremska Mitrovica") was among the top 4 cities of the late Roman Empire, serving as its capital during the Tetrarchy. 
Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia. 
History.
Roman conquest.
The Romans conquered the region of Illyria in 168 BC in the aftermath of the Illyrian Wars. "Illyria" was a designation of a roughly defined region of the western Balkans as seen from a Roman perspective, just as Magna Germania is a rough geographic term not delineated by any linguistic or ethnic unity.
The later province of Illyricum was to the west of what is now Serbia. 
The Romans conquered parts of Serbia in 2nd century BC, in 167 BC when conquering the West, establishing the province of Illyricum and the rest of Central Serbia in 75 BC, establishing the province of Moesia. Srem is conquered by 9 BC and Backa and Banat in 106 AD after the Dacian wars.
The city of Sirmium ("Sremska Mitrovica") was among the top 4 cities of the late Roman Empire, serving as its capital during the Tetrarchy. Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia.
Around the 6th century, Slavs appeared on the Byzantine borders in great numbers.
The chief towns of Serbian Upper Moesia in the Principate were: Singidunum (Belgrade), Viminacium (sometimes called municipium Aelium; modern Kostolac), Remesiana (Bela Palanka)
Byzantine period.
The Byzantine era of Serbia refers to a period of the Early Middle Ages (330 - 610) with the Eastern Roman Empire being in several wars in the territory of Serbia. Justiniana Prima is a Cultural Heritage of Serbia-listed archeological site ("Archaeological Sites of Exceptional Importance") of the city founded by Emperor Justinian I (r. 527–565). During the Byzantine period, the territory of Serbia was included into two "themata": the Theme of Servia (1027) and the Theme of Sirmium (1071).
Arrival of the Slavs.
The Byzantines broadly grouped the numerous Slav tribes into two groups: the Sklavenoi and Antes. Apparently, the Sklavenoi group were based along the middle Danube, whereas the Antes were at the lower Danube, in Scythia Minor. Some, such as Bulgarian scholar Zlatarsky, suggest that the first group settled the western Balkans, whilst offshoots of the Antes settled the eastern regions (roughly speaking). From the Danube, they commenced raiding the Byzantine Empire from the 520s, on an annual basis. They spread about destruction, taking loot and herds of cattle, seizing prisoners and taking fortresses. Often, the Byzantine Empire was stretched defending its rich Asian provinces from Arabs, Persians and Turks. This meant that even numerically small, disorganised early Slavic raids were capable of causing much disruption, but could not capture the larger, fortified cities on the Aegean coast.
The Slavs invaded Balkans during Justinian I rule (527–565), when eventually up to 100,000 Slavs raided Thessalonica. The Western Balkans was settled with "Sclaveni" (Sklavenoi), the east with Antes.
The Sklavenoi plundered Thrace in 545.
In 551, the Slavs crossed Niš initially headed for Thessalonica, but ended up in Dalmatia. During the 6th and 7th century, Slavic tribes made eight attempts to take Niš and in the final attack in 615 the Slavs took the city.
Menander Protector mentions a King of the Sklavenoi, Daurentius (577-579) that slayed an Avar envoy of Khagan Bayan I. The Avars asked the Slavs to accept the suzerainty of the Avars, he however declined and is reported as saying: "Others do not conquer our land, we conquer theirs [...] so it shall always be for us".
In 577 some 100,000 Slavs poured into Thrace and Illyricum, pillaging cities and settling down.
By the 580s, as the Slav communities on the Danube became larger and more organised, and as the Avars exerted their influence, raids became larger and resulted in permanent settlement. In 586 AD, as many as 100,000 Slav warriors raided Thessaloniki. By 581, many Slavic tribes had settled the land around Thessaloniki, though never taking the city itself, creating a "Macedonian Sclavinia". As John of Ephesus tells us in 581: "the accursed people of the Slavs set out and plundered all of Greece, the regions surrounding Thessalonica, and Thrace, taking many towns and castles, laying waste, burning, pillaging, and seizing the whole country." However, John exaggerated the intensity of the Slavic incursions since he was influenced by his confinement in Constantinople from 571 up until 579. Moreover, he perceived the Slavs as God's instrument for punishing the persecutors of the Monophysites. By 586, they managed to raid the western Peloponnese, Attica, Epirus, leaving only the east part of Peloponnese, which was mountainous and inaccessible. The final attempt to restore the northern border was from 591-605, when the end of conflicts with Persia allowed Emperor Maurice to transfer units to the north. However he was deposed after a military revolt in 602, and the Danubian frontier collapsed one and a half decades later ("Main article: Maurice's Balkan campaigns").
Archaeological evidence in Serbia and Macedonia conclude that the White Serbs may have reached the Balkans earlier than thought, between 550-600, as much findings; fibulae and pottery found at Roman forts point at Serb characteristics and thus could have been either part of the Byzantine "foedorati" or a fraction of the early invading Slavs who upon organizing in their refuge of the Dinarides, formed the ethnogenesis of Serbs and were pardoned by the Byzantine Empire after acknowledging their suzerainty.
Administrative units.
Moesia.
In ancient geographical sources, Moesia was bounded to the south by the Balkans ("Haemus") and Šar mountain ("Scardus", "Scordus", "Scodrus") mountains, to the west by the Drina river ("Drinus"), on the north by the Danube and on the east by the Euxine (Black Sea). The region was inhabited chiefly by Thracian, Dacian and Illyrian peoples.
The region took its name from the Moesi, a Thraco-Dacian tribe that lived there before the Roman conquest 75 BC-c. 29 BC and formally became a Roman province of that name some years later (by 6 AD).
Cities and towns, in Moesia Superior (at times Macedonia/ Dardania):
Pannonia.
The cities and towns in Pannonia, located in modern Serbia, were:

</doc>
<doc id="19943486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943486" title="Jerry Tersoff">
Jerry Tersoff

Jerry Tersoff is a Research Staff Member at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center. His work spans diverse topics in the theoretical understanding of surfaces, interfaces, electronic materials, epitaxial growth, and nanoscale devices. Throughout his career, his work has emphasized the use of simple models to understand complex behavior 

</doc>
<doc id="19943501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943501" title="Uffington railway station">
Uffington railway station

Uffington railway station (sometimes marked as Uffington Junction) is a former station on the Great Western Main Line. The station was about northeast of the village of Uffington, a village in what was then part of Berkshire, on the west side of the road between Uffington and Baulking.
In 1864 Uffington became a junction as the Faringdon Railway opened between there and the town of Faringdon. In 1886 the GWR took over the Faringdon Railway.
In 1951 British Railways withdrew passenger services from the Faringdon Railway. In 1964 BR withdrew freight traffic from the Faringdon Railway, and closed all passenger stations between Didcot and Swindon including Uffington, and Uffington's station buildings were subsequently demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="19943521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943521" title="Balmiki Prasad Singh">
Balmiki Prasad Singh

Balmiki Prasad Singh (born 1 January 1942) was the 14th Governor of Sikkim, India. He is a scholar, thinker and public servant and has written several books and articles. He was born on January 1, 1942 in Begusarai, Bihar. Among his prominent books are "Bahudha and the post 9/11 World" and "The problem of change: a study of North East India".
He presided over the four-day Global Buddhist Conference that began on Sunday with the chanting of prayers to mark the 2,600th year of Buddha's enlightenment. Around 1,000 Buddhist scholars, thinkers and followers from over 30 countries assembled at convention hall in Ashoka Hotel on day one of the conference.
B.P. Singh is well known as the author of the Bahudha Approach, which outlines a path towards a harmonious world, as against the clash of civilizations. He writes: 
"Pluralism could be the closest equivalent to Bahudha in the English language. But Bahudha is more than pluralism. For, the Bahudha approach is both a celebration of diversity and an attitude of mind that respects another person's point of view. Dialogue is central to this approach."
Education and family background.
He comes from a Bhumiar Brahmin Community of Bihar. Singh was educated in a village school and later at the universities of Patna and Oxford. He passed his M.A. in Political Science from University of Patna in 1960, standing First Class First with record marks and also winning several gold medals. At Oxford University, he obtained a Master of Arts Degree. He became a lecturer in the Post- Graduate Department of Political Science at Patna University at the age of nineteen.
Singh hails from a family of freedom-fighters for Indian independence. His father, Harbansh Narayan Singh, had participated in the Quit India Movement (1942-1944) and courted imprisonment during this period. His grandfather, Hridaya Narayan Singh, a well-known freedom-fighter, was also the founder Principal of National School at Bihat village in 1920 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. Rajendra Prasad.
Singh was married to Karuna on 10 March 1961 at Patna while they were in their teens. While B.P. Singh hails from a family of freedom-fighters (not political leaders), the father of Karuna was Rai Bahadur Ganesh Prasad Rai, who retired as Commissioner in the Government of Bihar. Both these families owned agricultural land, but have since, joined the Government services. The two families, however, still have deep roots in their respective villages.
Singh and Karuna have three children: two daughters, Sumita and Preeti and Rajeev, a son and six grandchildren. While Rajeev is a member of the Indian Revenue Service (IT) and currently a Commissioner, his wife Kirti is a fashion designer. Sumita teaches physics in the Post-graduate Department of the Patna Science College, while her husband, P.N. Rai, IPS, is an Addl. D.G of Police in Bihar. Preeti, a journalist, is married to Rajeev Ranjan, IAS, who is a Principal Secretary in the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Among the six grandchildren, Tanvi Rai has recently joined Wharton Business School in the United States on full fellowship to pursue a Ph.D course on a financial subject for four years; Aditya Ranjan is attending MIT Harvard for a MS-Programme; Karan Rai is pursuing his studies at IIT Delhi; Gauri Singh is a student of BA (Honours) in Business Economics at the University of Delhi; and Akhil and Kaustabh are in higher secondary schools.
Administrative service.
Singh was appointed in 1964 to the Indian Administrative Service (IAS). A former IAS officer of Assam-Meghalaya cadre, Singh was posted in North Lakhimpur and Tezpur as a young officer. He also held the posts of DC, Kamrup, and Home Commissioner, Assam from 1980-82. He had another stint in Assam from 1990-92 before being posted to Union Home Ministry. A former IAS officer of Assam-Meghalaya cadre, Singh was posted in North Lakhimpur and Tezpur as a young district officer.He also held the posts of DC, Kamrup from 1973–75 and Home Commissioner, Assam from 1980-82. He had another stint in Assam from 1990-92 before being posted to Union Home Ministry.
Over the past four decades, Shri B.P. Singh has held a variety of important positions within Assam as well as in the Government of India. He was Additional Secretary, Ministry of Environment & Forest (1993–95), Culture Secretary (1995–97) and Home Secretary (1997–99) in Government of India.
As an international civil servant, Shri B.P. Singh served as Executive Director and Ambassador at the World Bank during 1999-2002 representing India, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and was one of the founder members of the Development Gateway Foundation (DGF) and member, Global Environment Facility (GEF), Washington D.C.
B.P. Singh has been the pioneer of several administrative models and many ideas. As Union Home Secretary, B.P. Singh authored the formula for reorganization of States based on resolution of the Legislative Assembly of the concerned State for action under Articles 2 and 3 of the Constitution of India.
B.P. Singh was at the centre of establishment of the National Culture Fund in India, Co-ordination Centre for tackling Naxalite Movement in India, and Development Model for tribal societies in North-East India.
Awards and fellowships.
He has since been the recipient of several awards and fellowships, including the Jawaharlal Nehru Fellowship (1982–84), Queen Elizabeth Fellowship (1989–90) and Mahatma Gandhi National Fellow (2007–08). He is also a recipient of Gulzari lal Nanda Award for Outstanding public service from the President of India in 1998 and Man of Letters Award from His Holiness the Dalai Lama in 2003.
Profile: A Synoptic View
B.P. Singh is an eminent representative of the post-independence generation of scholar-civil servants. He is indeed a role model and example for others to emulate. In formulating an administrative goal, B.P. Singh always follows the traditional approach of a Deputy Commissioner. He sees the grounds, talks to the people, and consults the available records. The visible and at times not so visible social, cultural, economic and political factors have a bearing on his formulation of plans of action. Once settled, he puts all his energies in implementing the set of goals with determination, in a cool and calculated fashion, keeping small details in view. His understanding of the people,geography and environment and his extensive reading about matter in hand have always been of considerable help particularly in initiating mid-course correction measures.As a scholar, his mind is always in search of a novel idea and once he has vision of that, he goes for extensive research. He not only reads printed literature but also consults scholars as well as colleagues. He finally tests his broad conclusions with common people. It is only thereafter, that writing commences. His writings have enduring value. Several of B.P. Singh’s observations are ageless in character as these have been formulated at a time of deep contemplation and illuminated consciousness.
B.P.Singh grew up amidst green maize and wheat fields, mango grooves and festivals of the rural folk. As an adolescent he saw his village and its surroundings getting industrialized, which among other things broke the rigid caste structures. Later as a district officer, the green paddy fields and heavy monsoon of Brahmaputra Valley in Assam captivated him. Agriculture related music and dance, the lamps glowing in the dark in rural India all celebrating life continue to enthrall him. The romanticism of rural India with its intimacy and intensity and wisdom of common people are integral to his personality justifying the dictum: you can take one out of the village but not the village out from him.
Some Quotations of eternal nature
“In the last decade of the twentieth century one could clearly see that culture is emerging as a third factor in determining the status of a nation in the world after market and military strength; the market having replaced military strength from its position of supremacy in the post-Cold War world.”- (India’s Culture; The State, the Arts, and Beyond);
“The partition of India was not merely apolitical failure. It was also our civilizational failure.”- (Our India );
“Good Governance does not occur by chance. It must be demanded by citizens and nourished explicitly and consciously by the nation-state.”- (Our India);
“It is my belief that as long as Indian society and polity encourage creative minds in the literatures and arts, science and technology, and give primacy to democratic institutions, to inclusivity and justice, India’s age- old cultural strength would continue to be renewed.”- (Our India) ;
“Democracy needs no astrologers. The time has thus come for political leaders, jurists, enlightened citizens and others who are concerned about the future of democracy to look closely at the challenges facing democracy in their country, and devise ways and means to remedy the short-comings in the working and structure of democratic governments.”- (First Ramdhari Singh Dinkar Memorial Lecture- 2012, on The Future of Democracy);
“A question is often posed about the role and relevance of the military in the construction of an environment for creative dialogue among civilizations. In the post 9/11 world, it is quite obvious that the ugly face of terrorism has given full justification for a strong military posture. In fact, the rise of terrorist activities in different parts of the world demands it. It, however,does not mean that military intervention can be taken in an arbitrary fashion.It has to conform to international norms and has to have the sanction of the UN system”. (Bahudha and the Post 9/11World)
As academician and writer.
B.P. Singh has authored six books including "The Problem of Change-A Study of North-East India" (1987); "India’s Culture: The State, the Arts and Beyond" (1998) and "Bahudha and the post-9/11 World" (2008), all published by Oxford University Press, New Delhi. He has also published articles and monographs on politics, culture, ecology and public administration. He is Chief Editor of The Millennium Book on New Delhi, OUP (2001).
B.P. Singh has also been Chancellor of the Central University of Tibetan Studies, Sarnath for six years and Chief Editor of the South Asia Series on “Perspectives on Economics, Technology and Governance” of Oxford University Press, New York (2000–06).

</doc>
<doc id="19943528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943528" title="Blackhorse Quarry">
Blackhorse Quarry

Blackhorse Quarry is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex, England and is of geological interest.The site has a great value of vertebrate palaeontological interest, it is the type locality for the Wadhurst Clay Telham Bond Bed. The
bone bed is a conglomerate of polished pebbles (indicating a former high energy surface), fish scales, coprolites, bones, teeth
and scutes. The reptiles recorded include turtles, crocodiles (Goniopholis), pterosaurs
(Ornithocheirus), and dinosaurs (Megalosaurus, Cetiosaurus, Iguanodon
Hylaeosaurus). This site has yielded large numbers of specimens in the past, and it
has excellent potential for further finds.<br><br>
Wealden interest <br>
The Telham Pebble (Bone) Bed yielded a wealth of vertebrate remains during the mid-
19th century from the Black Horse quarry on Telham Hill. This classic and important site has
great potential for the study of this rock and its faunas.
The vertebrate material comprised fish, coprolites and a wide variety of reptiles.
Being equivalent to the Cliff End Pebble Bed, this is a prime prospect for early mammals. Inorganic debris includes extrabasinal pebbles. The underlying Cliff End
Sandstone Member here is calcareous (Tilgate Stone) facies and probably only the
proximal (pro-fan-delta) facies is developed. It also deserves detailed investigation.
The sequence lies in the Lower Wadhurst Clay Formation (Hastings Beds Group),
above the marker horizons of the Brede Soil Bed and Top Ashdown Pebble Bed.

</doc>
<doc id="19943538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943538" title="Togo Igawa">
Togo Igawa

, born in Tokyo on 26 September 1946, is a Japanese actor who works primarily in British films and television.
In recent years he has had roles in major motion pictures such as "Revolver", "Memoirs of a Geisha", "The Last Samurai", and "Sunshine". He has also appeared in the Israeli movie "A Matter of Size" and the "Thomas & Friends" movies "Hero of the Rails" and "Misty Island Rescue" in 2009 and 2010. Additionally Igawa provides the voice for the character Professor Moshimo on the cartoon series "Robotboy" and the voice for the character Hiro, who first appeared in "Hero of the Rails", in "Thomas and Friends". He appears in 2011's "Johnny English Reborn", the sequel to "Johnny English", as English's Tibetan guru, and is in the 2013 film "Gambit" playing businessman Takagawa.
Also, Igawa was voiced the main villain Colonel Lee in the video game "Crysis Warhead".

</doc>
<doc id="19943548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943548" title="Malaysian People's Welfare Party">
Malaysian People's Welfare Party

"Malaysian People's Welfare Party" or "Parti Kesejahteraan Insan Tanah Air" (KITA) is a political party in Malaysia. The party was formerly known as the Malaysian People Justice Front (AKIM).
The party was founded as a splinter party of PAS in 1995 following internal disagreements by members within the party. A few members from Semangat 46 also joined the fray following its dissolution in 1996. AKIM contested in the 1999 General elections for the parliamentary seats of Pasir Puteh and Kota Bharu but failed.
In 2008, the party's president registered itself to participate in the Permatang Pauh by-election, but only managed to catch 92 votes in the election and losing his RM 15,000 deposit in the process. Nevertheless, he hoped that the election could serve as a platform to introduce the party to the nation.
Relaunched as Kita.
On December 13, 2010, AKIM announced that Datuk Zaid Ibrahim has joined its ranks as a party member, with the view of having Zaid lead and revamp AKIM into a viable political party for the coming 13th Malaysian General Elections. The party further explained that Zaid had submitted his membership application to join AKIM in Nov 2010 after his former party, PKR, accepted Zaid's resignation.
During the party's annual general meeting on December 15, 2010, Datuk Mohd Zaid Bin Ibrahim was elected as the party's new president (later called "Party Chief"), taking over from Zakaria Salleh, the outgoing president of AKIM. The party also announced that it will be adopting a new name, the People's Welfare Party or Parti Kesejahteraan Insan Tanah Air (KITA). 
Zaid Ibrahim also announced that Kita would be a multi-racial democratic party open to all races in Malaysia, and despite its current small size, aims to make an impact in the country's political scene by focusing on goals for the long haul. Zaid also announced that Kita's official party ideology and principles, including its new constitution, manifesto, and logo, will be unveiled in Kuala Lumpur on January 19, 2011.
Presidents/Party Chief.
Presidents
Party Chief

</doc>
<doc id="19943549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943549" title="Adrian Buchan">
Adrian Buchan

Adrian 'Ace' Buchan (born 21 September 1982, Avoca Beach, Australia) is a professional Australian surfer. He was introduced to the ocean by his father at age four and since then he has won numerous World Junior Championships in the under 16 and 18 divisions.
He is sponsored by Hurley International, JS Industries, Dragon eyewear, Gorilla Grip, "Surf Dive 'n' Ski" and "Zentrom Quantum technology".
Biography.
Early Life & Family.
Ace is the only son of Ian and Ursula Buchan, and he has a sister, Jessie. He was born at Avoca Beach, New South Wales, Australia and continues to reside there.
He enjoys fishing, training, reading and playing table tennis during his free time. His favourite waves are Avoca Point, Bali and Hossegor. He describes Mick Fanning, Kelly Slater and Damien Hobgood as his favourite surfers.
He was the World Grommet Junior Champion in 1997 and 1999 and was also the Australasian Pro Junior Champion in 2000 and 2001.
Surfing.
In 2006, he suffered a serious ankle injury which left him out of competitions for a few years. In 2007, he had to rely on an injury wild-card to compete and finished No. 19 from the elite top-45 surfers.
He made a come back at the Quiksilver Pro France in Hossegor, France where he beat USA's Damien Hobgood to make it to the final where he competed against Kelly Slater, widely regarded as the greatest surfer in the history of sports. In a shocking final, Ace beat Slater 15.74 to 15.16 in one of the biggest wins of his career.
He finished third at the Billabong Pro Mundaka on 4 October, and finished the 2008 ASP World Tour in 6th place.
In 2009, Buchan finished 23rd in the standings. He had a better 2010, picking up a third place in the Quiksilver Pro France and finishing the year 7th in the standings.
In 2013, Buchan beat Kelly Slater in the finals of the Billabong Pro at Teahupoo, Tahiti with a final score of 18.94 over Slater's 16.77.
Personal life.
Ace is an ambassador for the Inspire Foundation, a non-profit organisation founded in Australia which utilizes information communication technology to improve the mental health and wellbeing of young people, by creating opportunities for young people to change their lives.
He aims to use his public profile to raise awareness of one of Inspire's program, Reach Out, a web-based program to help young people get through difficult times. 
Ace has also written a children's book titled "Macka's Barrel into the Dreamtime" which deals with Indigenous and Anglo-Saxon relations as well as environmental issues and also writes articles for various magazines and online blogs, including Waves and Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19943632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943632" title="Alfred Ogden">
Alfred Ogden

Alfred Ogden (December 31, 1843 – July 29, 1919) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough in the Canadian House of Commons from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Port Elgin, New Brunswick, the son of John F. Ogden, of United Empire Loyalist descent, and was educated there. Ogden settled in Cape Canso, Nova Scotia. In 1866, he married Annie Cook. Ogden was unsuccessful in bids for reelection to the House of Commons in 1882 and 1891. He died in Bedford, Nova Scotia at the age of .

</doc>
<doc id="19943637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943637" title="Famine Song">
Famine Song

The "Famine Song" is a song sung by some loyalists in Northern Ireland and Scotland and is normally directed at Irish people, those of Irish descent or those with perceived affiliations to Ireland. It is also sung by fans of Scottish football football club Rangers due to rival Celtic's Irish roots. Set to the tune of "The John B. Sails" popularised by Carl Sandburg, the lyrics of the song make reference to the 1840s Great Famine of Ireland. The song is often heard at loyalist marches in Northern Ireland despite the Great Famine being an event that impacted the whole of Ireland. The Famine Song has received criticism due to the sectarian nature of its lyrics and, in some cases, those singing it have received criminal convictions.
Controversy.
The Irish famine of the 1840s led the country's population to fall from approximately 8 million to 5 million as a result of starvation and emigration. Although the bulk of emigrants moved to North America, large numbers moved to Scotland and England, settling in London, Liverpool and Glasgow. Since then, Glasgow, in particular, has had problems with sectarianism, with its two main football teams being the focal points of identity: Celtic drawing a large support from the descendants of Irish Catholics and Rangers from Protestants in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Lex Gold, the Scottish Premier League (SPL) chief executive, said that football clubs could be deducted points if fans continue to sing such songs:
Clubs know they need to be alert and make sure their fans are doing all they can to avoid sectarian or other offensive abuse. The verse of the song that has featured hugely is racist, it's not sectarian as such, it's racist. The rules were structured to help to try to tackle this. You don't start with points deduction. We have a range of sanctions which can be applied.
John Reid, Celtic's chairman, has tried to highlight the non-Catholic specific aspects of the famine: "Few of those who sing this song will have stopped to think that famine is nonsectarian and the millions of people who died or were forced into mass emigration – some to Scotland – were from all faiths and traditions within Ireland. Ireland's consul general has approached the Scottish Government regarding the song. A Scottish Government spokesman said: "The Scottish Government is totally committed to combating sectarianism and bigotry, which is why we have expanded on the work of the previous administration and are doing more. We are working with the clubs themselves, as they are part of the solution to the problem.
Kenny Scott, Rangers' Head of Security and Operations, said in October 2008 that conversations with the Strathclyde Police made it clear to the club that there was the potential for supporters singing the song to be arrested. In November 2008, a Rangers fan was found guilty of a breach of the peace (aggravated by religious and racial prejudice) for singing the song during a game in Kilmarnock. At his appeal in June 2009, three Scottish judges ruled that the song is racist because it targets people of Irish origin.
The Rangers fans' organisation, the Rangers Supporters' Trust, rejected claims that the song was racist, describing it as a "wind-up" albeit a "distasteful" one which is designed to mock not the famine itself, but Celtic fans' perceived affiliations with the Republic of Ireland.
Legal issues.
In the case of "William Walls v. the Procurator Fiscal, Kilmarnock", the High Court of Justiciary held on appeal, in an opinion delivered by Lord Carloway, that:
The appellant, who was convicted for Breach of the Peace racially aggravated and aggravated by religious prejudice having sung the Famine Song and made a number of other remarks during a football match, had his appeal denied and his conviction upheld.

</doc>
<doc id="19943644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943644" title="HMS Mermaid (U30)">
HMS Mermaid (U30)

HMS "Mermaid" was a Modified "Black Swan" class sloop of the Royal Navy. "Mermaid" saw service as a convoy escort during the Second World War, taking part in the sinking of two German submarines while escorting Arctic convoys to and from the Soviet Union.
"Mermaid" was sold to Federal Republic of Germany in 1959, where she was renamed Scharnhorst and used as a training ship.
Construction.
"Mermaid", built by William Denny and Brothers, Dumbarton, Scotland, was laid down on 8 September 1942, launched on 11 November 1943, and completed 12 May 1944.
As with all the modified "Black Swan"s, "Mermaid"'s main gun armament was six QF 4 inch Mk XVI anti-aircraft guns in three dual turrets. When completed, this was supplemented by a close-in anti-aircraft outfit of ten Oerlikon 20 mm cannon in three dual and two single mounts, although two twin 40 Bofors guns (in two twin mounts) replaced four of the 20 mm guns. Anti-submarine armament consisted of 110 depth charges and a Hedgehog anti-submarine spigot mortar.
History.
"Mermaid"'s first operations were as part of the escort for the Arctic convoy JW 59 to Murmansk in August 1944, with it being credited with a part of sinking the U-boat on 24 August in conjunction with the destroyer HMS "Keppel", the sloop HMS "Peacock" and the frigate HMS "Loch Dunvegan". On the return journey from Murmansk, escorting Convoy RA 59A, "Mermaid" again took part in sinking a German submarine, this time on 2 September, in conjunction with a Swordfish aircraft operating from the carrier HMS "Vindex", the destroyers "Keppel" and "Whitehall" and the sloop "Peacock".
In 1945 "Mermaid" was assigned to the British Pacific Fleet. However arriving at Aden en route she learned of the Japanese surrender, and of her recall for service with the Mediterranean Fleet as part of the 33rd Escort Flotilla. The ship remained in the Mediterranean up to 1954 when she returned to Britain to be placed in reserve status at Portsmouth. In 1953 she took part in the Fleet Review to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
In 1957, West Germany purchased seven escorts, including "Mermaid" for its newly established "Bundesmarine". After refit, "Mermaid" was handed over to the "Bundesmarine" on 28 May 1959, and was renamed "Scharnhorst". "Scharnhorst" was used as a gunnery training vessel by the Germans, and was refitted with a more modern gun armament and sensors from June 1961 to July 1962, with two automatic French 100 mm naval guns replacing six manually loaded 4 inch guns, with a short range armament of four Bofors L/70 40 mm guns replacing two 40 mm guns. "Scharnhorst" was removed from the active list in 1980, and was used for damage control training until broken up in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19943648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943648" title="Roger Bisby">
Roger Bisby

Roger Lawrence Bisby (born 16 November 1952) is an English television presenter and journalist, known for his expertise in the British building industry. He was the building expert on the long-running British consumer affairs television series "Watchdog" and then later "Rogue Traders", both for the BBC.
Biography.
Born in the City of London, one of six children to opera singer Charles Yates Bisby and Jean Hazel Bisby, Bisby initially entered the building industry as an apprentice plumber. He went on to train as a college lecturer, and has also run his own building company for nearly 30 years.
Media career.
In the last 20 years, Bisby has had a media career in many different areas. He has written articles and reviews for magazines and newspapers, had a series of DIY books published, appeared in television programmes, hosted radio shows, and more recently he has written a blog and started podcasting.
Publishing.
Bisby entered journalism after sending an unsolicited article to a local paper as a PR exercise for his building company. Bisby currently works on several building trade publications for Hamerville Publishing including "Professional Builder" magazine (for which he has been Products Editor for 16 years), "Professional Electrician", "Professional Heating and Plumbing Installer", and "Professional Housebuilder and Property Developer".
Published books include:
Radio.
Bisby was the expert on LBC's "Fix It Phone In" which remained one of their most popular shows throughout its 15 years of broadcast. Bisby has also made guest appearances on talkSPORT, local BBC Radio and Capital FM.
Television.
His television work includes appearances as the resident expert on "The Terrace" (BBC), "Watchdog" (BBC), "Rogue Traders" (BBC) and "Dirty Tricks of the Tradesmen" (BBC).
Television appearances:
Corporate.
Since 1992, Bisby has been involved in the production of corporate media as a writer, voiceover artist, presenter, advisor and producer.
Corporate work:
Internet.
More recently, Bisby has moved into New Media with his Self Build and DIY web site "Self Builder", which he co-developed with Motion New Media. In addition to his own podcast, blog and forum, Bisby also hosts a regular podcast for MK Electric called "Switch on to MK"
Personal life.
Bisby enjoys cycling (at the age of 13 he cycled around Britain), travel, running and rock climbing. He also gets involved in environmental clean ups.

</doc>
<doc id="19943656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943656" title="Don Tarr">
Don Tarr

Donald "Don" James Tarr (11 March 1910 – 4 June 1980) was a Welsh international hooker who played club rugby for Swansea and Cardiff, county rugby for Hampshire and invitational rugby for the Barbarians. Tarr was a career naval officer, reaching the rank of Lieutenant Commander in the Royal Navy.
Rugby career.
Tarr began his rugby career as a school boy, representing the Welsh Secondary Schools team. In the 1927 secondary school game against France, Tarr was one of seven Welsh players that would later represent their country at senior level. Tarr joined Cardiff in 1931 and soon found himself in the squad to face the touring South African team. In 1933 Tarr joined Swansea alongside one of his school boys team mates, Claude Davey, and both lined up for Swansea against the touring New Zealand team in 1935. Both men were last minute substitutes, as Tarr was a replacement for the injured Tom Day and Davey was brought from Sale to cover for Idwal Rees. When Swansea beat the All Blacks, they became the first club team to beat all three major Southern Hemisphere teams. Tarr would face the same touring All Blacks another two times at club level; the Combined Services team at Aldershot and a joint Hampshire/Sussex county team.
Later in 1935, Tarr was selected to face the same touring New Zealand team, but this time for Wales. This was Tarr's one and only cap for the senior team because of an injury so serious that rugby journalist Huw Richards would say in 2010 that Tarr "probably came closer to dying on the pitch than anyone else ever has in an international match." With ten minutes of the match remaining, a loose scrum broke up to reveal Tarr laying motionless on the ground, and the referee, Cyril Gadney, called for a stretcher. Gadney ensured no-one moved Tarr before medical aid arrived and Tarr was lifted still face down onto the stretcher and was removed from the pitch. This action is thought to have saved his life as Tarr had suffered a broken neck. Although Wales were 12-10 down at the time, and now a man light, they recovered strongly and after Rees-Jones scored a try, Idwal Rees kept a strong defence to allow Wales a 13-12 victory.
Tarr's injury kept him from ever playing again for Wales, although he is recorded to have played one match post-injury for Ammanford. In a coincidence, his opposite number at hooker in his only appearance for Wales, Bill Hadley, was born on the same day as Tarr.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19943665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943665" title="Steve Whitaker (baseball)">
Steve Whitaker (baseball)

Stephen Edward "Steve" Whitaker (born May 7, 1943 in Tacoma, Washington) is an American former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played from 1966-1970 for the New York Yankees, Seattle Pilots, and the San Francisco Giants. He was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1962. He was traded by the Kansas City Royals to the Pilots for Lou Piniella at the end of spring training in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19943684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943684" title="Colonel Robert A. Smith Monument">
Colonel Robert A. Smith Monument

The Colonel Robert A. Smith Monument, located in Hart County, Kentucky, is a monument related to the American Civil War, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in the memory of Colonel Robert A. Smith and the members of the 10th Mississippi Infantry Regiment who sacrificed their lives for the Confederate States of America on September 14, 1862, at the Battle of Munfordville.
Description.
The monument is a 25-foot-tall, white Gothic limestone obelisk weighing 35 tons and built in 1884 by Colonel Smith's brother. It is believed that Cleopatra's Needle is the only larger single-stone work in the United States. On private property far from a road, it is just east of CSX railroad tracks, and just south of a bridge across the Green River. A cast iron fence forms a perimeter 250 feet away from the monument. To the east of the monument are six smaller marble monuments each dedicated to a separate Mississippi Regiment—the 7th, 9th, 10th, 29th, and 44th. Soldiers were interred by the monument.
The inscription reads: "South 42' west and ninety poles distant is the place of The Sacrifice of Col. Robert A. Smith and his regiment the Tenth Mississippi on Sept. 14, 1862 "
History.
On September 14, 1862, Scottish-born Colonel Smith was ordered to capture a vital bridge during the Battle of Munfordville. After three hours of combat, Confederate losses were 40 dead and 211 wounded. Smith himself was mortally wounded and in great pain until he died several days later. Members of the Smith family long believed that Smith was ordered to lead the charge by his superior, Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, who felt that Smith would eventually rise in rank and become a threat to his promotion. Chalmers did in fact order the attack on his own initiative. Smith was buried in Jackson, Mississippi.
When Robert Smith's brother James immigrated to America from Glasgow, Scotland, in 1886, he searched for the place brother died. James decided to build a monument to honor his brother, buying the land and spending $4,000 on the monument itself. It was built by Oman & Stewart of Nashville, Tennessee, using limestone quarried from Bowling Green, Kentucky.
On July 17, 1997, it was one of sixty different monuments to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.
There is another monument to Colonel Robert A. Smith in Edinburgh, where he was born, in the large Victorian Dean Cemetery. The name and date of the battle on the monument is correct, however the name of the town is misspelled as Mumfordsville instead of Munfordville.

</doc>
<doc id="19943686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943686" title="L. N. Sinha">
L. N. Sinha

Lal Narayan Sinha was a lawyer who was the Attorney General of India during the Prime Ministership of Indira Gandhi. He is regarded for his legal skills and was much respected by the legal fraternity. He was also the Solicitor General of India from 17 July 1972 until 5 April 1977. Lal Narayan Sinha was a man of great stature and high principles. He was a product of Patna Law College, Patna University.
Family and early life.
L.N. Sinha was born in the village of Mussi (Belaganj, Gaya, Bihar). His father was a religious, middle-class member of a Bhumihar Brahmin family. His mother, who was also an unassuming and religious-minded person. L.N. Sinha was very prominent respected lawyer. He was regarded for his legal skills and was much respected by the legal and political fraternities for his expertise. His son Lalit Mohan Sharma rose to become the Chief Justice of India. Before becoming the Solicitor General of India, he was the Advocate General of Bihar for several years. His son Lalit Mohan Sharma rose to become the Chief Justice of India.
Renowned lawyer and Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of India, Fali S. Nariman writes of him,""Niren De and Lal Narayan Sinha were both men of great stature and high principles. They always treated me as a trusted and respected colleague, although I was years younger - both in age and standing in the profession.""

</doc>
<doc id="19943702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943702" title="Wizards Project">
Wizards Project

The Wizards Project was a research project at the University of California, San Francisco led by Paul Ekman and Maureen O'Sullivan that studied the ability of people to detect lies. O'Sullivan spent more than 20 years studying the science of lying and deceit. The project was originally named the Diogenes Project, after the Diogenes, the Greek philosopher who would look into people's faces using a lamp, claiming to be looking for an honest man.
Synopsis.
The project defined a "Truth Wizard" as a person identified who can identify deception with accuracy of at least 80%, whereas the average person rates around 50%. No Truth Wizard was 100% accurate. "Wizard" is used to mean "a person of amazing skill or accomplishment."
O'Sullivan and Ekman identified only 50 people as Truth Wizards after testing 20,000 (~0.25%) from all walks of life, including the Secret Service, FBI, sheriffs, police, attorneys, arbitrators, psychologists, students, and many others. Surprisingly, while psychiatrists and law enforcement personnel showed no more aptitude than college freshmen, Secret Service agents were the most skilled. 
O'Sullivan remarked, "Our wizards are extraordinarily attuned to detecting the nuances of facial expressions, body language and ways of talking and thinking. Some of them can observe a videotape for a few seconds and amazingly they can describe eight details about the person on the tape."
Scientists are currently studying Truth Wizards to identify new ways to spot a liar.
Truth Wizards use a variety of clues to spot deception and do not depend on any one "clue" to identify a liar. Truth wizards have a natural knack for spotting microexpressions. They also home in on inconsistencies in emotion, body language, and the spoken word with amazing skill.
Ekman said on NPR: "We're still trying to find out how in the world did they learn this skill? Are they the sort of Mozarts of lie detection; they just had it?"
Ekman points out that the success rate of Truth Wizards is "without any specialized training," and claims that anyone can be trained to detect such microexpressions, and has released a training CD to do that.
Controversies.
Psychologists Charles F. Bond and Ahmet Uysal of Texas Christian University criticized the methodology used by Ekman and O'Sullivan and suspected the performance of the reported Truth Wizards to be due to chance (a type I error), concluding that "convincing evidence of lie detection wizardry has never been presented." Gary D. Bond from Winston Salem State University later replicated the experiment using a more rigorous protocol and found two people to be exceptionally fast and accurate at lie detection out of 112 law enforcement officers and 122 undergraduate students, a result consistent with Ekman and O'Sullivan's. Both experts at lie detection were female Native American BIA correctional officers.
O'Sullivan responded to Bond and Uysal in "Unicorns or Tiger Woods: are lie detection experts myths or rarities? A response to on lie detection 'wizards' by Bond and Uysal". Bond and Uysal had critiqued a chapter which discussed the initial stages for a research program under way. They commented on two different issues in particular. Firstly, the scores of any "Truth Wizard" may have been a coincidence and secondly, the procedures used for testing does not meet the standards of classical psychometric class theory. Ekman, Mark Frank and O'Sullivan also published "Reply scoring and reporting: A response to Bond (2008)". 
In addition, the methods employed by the original researchers have also come under criticism, with suggestion that methodological techniques and particular results have not been published fully. 
In popular culture.
Ekman's work is the inspiration for the Fox TV series "Lie to Me" (2009–2011). One of the show's main characters, Ria Torres, is a "natural", that is, a Truth Wizard.
References.
EurekAlert! (2004, October 14). Lying and deceit – The Wizards Project. Retrieved April 8, 2012, from Lying and deceit – The Wizards Project: http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2004-10/ama-lad100804.php

</doc>
<doc id="19943704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943704" title="Denford Magora">
Denford Magora

Denford Magora was born in Harare, Zimbabwe. He is a novelist, playwright, analyst, advertising/marketing professional, politician and spokesman for Simba Makoni, presidential candidate in the Zimbabwe elections held in March 2008.
Writing career.
Magora first became known in the early 1990s after his play, "Dr Government", was banned by the government of Robert Mugabe. Magora himself was harassed by state security agents and this eventually led him to move to the United Kingdom, where he wrote the novel "Dancing Under A Stormcloud", published by Wedenfeld and Nicholson. He is also a columnist with "The Financial Gazette", writes analysis and opinion articles for the "Zimbabwe Independent", "The Standard" and the "Mail & Guardian" of South Africa. He maintains a blog on which he writes news, opinion and analysis articles on Zimbabwe.
Political career.
Magora's political career seems to have started seriously with his involvement in the campaign of Simba Makoni, when he was appointed spokesman and frequently commented on the presidential elections of March 2008. Prior to this, he did not identify with any political party, but was often criticised by readers of his articles for his criticism of Morgan Tsvangirai, the main opposition leader in Zimbabwe who beat Mugabe in March 2008 but failed to get enough votes to take office.

</doc>
<doc id="19943708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943708" title="S. A. Rajkumar">
S. A. Rajkumar

S. A. Rajkumar is an Indian film music director who hails from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He has composed music for many south Indian films in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada languages. Light-hearted melodies are often considered his forte. He has won 3 Filmfare Best Music Director Award (Telugu) for the Telugu films "Pelli","Raja" and one jury award for special mention films Telugu and Tamil languages.
Early life.
Rajkumar was born on 23 August 1964 to Selvarajan and Kannammal in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. The family ancestors belong to Paettai, Thirunelveli District. His father was a vocalist performing in stage shows conducted by popular music directors such as Ilayaraja, Gangai Amaren, Deva among others. Rajkumar had been a silent admirer of his father's musical career and developed an interest in music. It was his mother who discovered his flair for music and pursued his father to make him join music classes. Rajkumar underwent classical music training under the guidance of Subbaiah Bhagavathar for 3 years.
Career.
After years of formal music training, Rajkumar began to conduct musical shows on his own and was on the way to look for film opportunities. It was in 1987, director duo Robert-Rajashekar came forward to sign him as the music director for their film "Chinna Poove Mella Pesu". This film had Prabhu and Ramki in the lead roles. Since then, Rajkumar has scored for over hundred films in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada film industries. His scores for the films such as "Suryavamsam", "Aval Varuvala", "Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen", "Thulladha Manamum Thullum", "Vanathai Pola", "Raja", "Vasantham" have all been huge hits and considered memorable for long time.
Rajkumar has composed songs for many hit films in Kannada starring South Super Star Dr.Vishnuvardhan, a star of 220 movies in five different languages. The hit films in their combination includes Sirivantha, Varsha, Jyeshta and many more. The all time ever green songs of Kannada Cinema, Sevanthiye Sevanthiye sung by Indian play back singer Dr.S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, a song from the Kannada blockbuster film Surya Vamsha and Premachandrama from another blockbuster film Yejamana sung by south singer Rajesh Krishnan, was originally composed by Rajkumar. Hence, Dr.Vishnu and S.A.Rajkumar's combination has given the industry best of best compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="19943721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943721" title="Flag of the City of Nelson">
Flag of the City of Nelson

The flag of the City of Nelson represents Nelson City, New Zealand. The flag is flown from many public buildings and other landmarks in Nelson including Christ Church Cathedral. It is also intended for public use and is often seen flying from private residences in the city.
The flag was designed and commissioned by the City of Nelson Civic Trust and was adopted as the city's civic flag by the Nelson City Council in 1987.
Design.
The flag is based on the City of Nelson's coat of arms. The top third of the flag is blue, a colour strongly associated with Nelson including use by many sports teams. The bottom two thirds consist of alternating blue and white horizontal wavy stripes, which represent Nelson's relationship to the sea. Emblazoned upon the striped section is a black cross flory, taken from the arms of Lord Nelson. Above the cross, upon the blue section is a mitre with fringed lappets flowing from either side, for Nelson has been the seat of the bishop of Nelson since 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="19943739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943739" title="Lalit Mohan Sharma">
Lalit Mohan Sharma

Lalit Mohan Sharma (February 12, 1928 – November 3, 2008) was the 24th Chief Justice of India. He was the son of L.N. Sinha, former Attorney General of India. He served as Chief Justice of India from November 18, 1992 until February 11, 1993.
Legal career.
Passed B.A. Hons. (Patna University ) in 1946. Passed B.L. (Patna University) in 1948. Enrolled as articled clerk in High Court, Patna in 1949. Started practice in High Court, Patna as an Advocate - Feb. 6, 1950. Enrolled as Supreme Court Advocate - March 6, 1957. Later nominated as Senior Advocate. Took charge (oath) as Judge, Patna High Court on April 12, 1973. 
He joined the Supreme Court of India on October 5, 1987 and appointed as Chief Justice of India on November 18, 1992. 
He retired from the judicial service on Feb. 11, 1993.
Family and early life.
Lalit Mohan Sharma was born on February 12, 1928 in the village of Musi (Belaganj, Gaya, Bihar). His father, Lal Narayan Sinha, was the Attorney General of India during the Prime Minister-ship of Indira Gandhi and Solicitor General of India from July 17, 1972 until April 5, 1977.
Death.
Sharma died on November 3, 2008 in Patna at his residence following a long illness. He was 80 years old. He is survived by his wife, son and daughter. 

</doc>
<doc id="19943766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943766" title="Gjon Zenebishi">
Gjon Zenebishi

Gjon Zenebishi (see below about names) (died 1418) was an Albanian nobleman and Prince of Gjirokastër.
Name.
Gjon Zenebishi can be founded with different name in historical documents. His name was: Albanian: "Gjon Zenebishi, or Gjon Zenebishti" and English: "John Zenevisi, Ghin Zenebisi".
Rise to power.
In 1380, Gjon Zenebishi was appointed Sebastocrator or prefect of Vagenetia near Delvinë. He was also ruler of Pyrgo and Sayada. He submitted to the Turks after the initial invasion and gave them his son as a hostage to be sent to Edirne to the court of the sultan. In Turkish historiography, this son became known as Hamza Bey, a military leader. Shortly after his submission, Gjon revolted and seized the fortress of Gjirokastër, encouraged no doubt by the attack on Ioannina by the Albanians of Acarnania.
Prince.
In 1386 he became officially the Prince of Gjirokastër, post which he held until the abolishment of his principality. Gjon Zenebishi was married with the daughter of Gjin Bua Shpata, Despot of Arta, Irene, and thus became the son-in-law of Shpata and the brother-in-law of the wife of Esau de' Buondelmonti Despot of Epiros.
In 1399 Esau, supported by some Albanian clans, marched against his wife's brother-in-law John Zenevisi of Gjirokastër. Now Esau was routed and captured, and much of his land was occupied by Zenevisi. The neighboring magnates determined to restore the captured despotes and secured Venetian intercession in his favor. Esau returned to Ioannina in 1400, regaining the reign from Zenebishi.
During this time, Zenebishi was defeated by the Turks, he fled to the Venetian island of Corfu, but was called back two years later (1416) by an uprising of the mountain tribes. With the support of Venice, he again set his sights on Gjirokastër, but was chased away once more by the Turks and died in Corfu in 1418.
Descendants.
Gjon Zenebishi's descendants continued to live undisturbed in the mountains of Zagoria and eventually faded into history. In 1455, a certain Simon Zenebishi, who was ruler of Kastrovillari (Castro i Vivarit near Butrint) was active at the court of the king of Naples and Aragon on behalf of Skanderbeg in order to gain back Neapolitan support for his land in Albania. In 1455, Venice, the only power to support his claim, reminded him of his pledge of allegiance to the Republic but was not able to change his political orientation, i.e. his ties with Naples. A son of this Zenebishi was also a hostage at the court of the sultan, this time of Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror, but fled to Naples where King Alphonso had him baptized and made him his vassal. The fate of this Alphonso Zenebishi was to be closely linked to that of Skanderbeg.
Zenebishi Family.
Gjon Zenebishi, Lord of Makasi 1382, Sevastocrator of Argyrokastron and Paracolo, Lord of Vagenetzia and Strovilo (a castle) (1387–1418), Despot (=Prince) of Ioannina (1399–1400), +1418; m.N, a dau.of Gjin Bua Shpata, Lord of Arta

</doc>
<doc id="19943787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943787" title="BalticClimate">
BalticClimate

BalticClimate is the acronym for the project "Baltic Challenges and Chances for local and regional development generated by Climate Change". It was approved in October 2008 in the first Call of the "Baltic Sea Region Programme 2007–2013", a programme financed from the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument (ENPI), the Norwegian national funding as well as by own contributions (co-financing) by the project partner institutions. The lead partner of BalticClimate is the Academy for Spatial Research and Planning (ARL)/ Germany.
Within the project lifetime of November 2008 until April 2012 BalticClimate is implemented by 23 official project partner institutions and 16 associated organisations from 8 countries (Estonia, Germany, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Russia, Sweden) of the Programme area. The project focuses on supporting regions, municipalities as well as cities in the Baltic Sea Region to pro-actively deal with the issue of climate change.

</doc>
<doc id="19943790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943790" title="Maury Uhler">
Maury Uhler

Maurice William "Maury" Uhler (December 14, 1886 – May 4, 1918), was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in with the Cincinnati Reds. He batted and threw right-handed. Uhler had a .214 batting average in 46 games in his one-year career. 
He was born in Pikesville, Maryland, and died in Baltimore, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19943804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943804" title="Principality of Gjirokastër">
Principality of Gjirokastër

The Principality of Gjirokastër or Argyrokastro (1386–1418) was an Albanian principality created by Gjon Zenebishi in 1386, encompassing the area around Gjirokastër (modern southern Albania). It was conquered by the Ottomans in 1414, but Zenebishi was able to rally the local population and recover his realm before being finally defeated by the Ottomans in 1418.
Creation.
In 1380, Gjon Zenebishi was appointed "sebastocrator" and prefect of Vagenetia near Delvinë. He was also ruler of Pyrgo and Sayada. He submitted to the Turks after a first invasion and gave them his son as a hostage to be sent to Edirne to the court of the Sultan. His son converted to Islam and became known as Hamza Bey, a military leader. Shortly after his submission however, Gjon revolted and seized the fortress of Gjirokastër, encouraged no doubt by the attack on Janina by the Albanians of Acarnania. In 1386 he officially assumed the title of Prince of Gjirokastër, a post which he held until the abolition of his principality.
Rivalry with the Despotate of Epirus.
Gjon Zenebishi married Irene, the daughter of Gjin Bua Shpata, Despot of Arta. Thus he became the son-in-law of Shpata and the brother-in-law of the wife of Esau de' Buondelmonti, Despot of Epirus.
In April 1399 Esau, supported by some Albanian clans, marched against Gjon Zenebishi. Esau's army was routed and he himself captured, to be released in July 1400 after the Florentines, who benefited from his rule, paid a large ransom.
In 1412, Zenebishi allied with the Despot of Arta, Maurice Shpata, and defeated the army of Carlo I Tocco, who had some months earlier taken possession of Janina, with the aid of its Greek inhabitants. Despite their victory, the allies failed to recover the city.
Turkish invasion and conquest.
In 1414, Zenebishi was defeated by the Turks. He fled to the Venetian-held island of Corfu, but was called back two years later by an uprising of the mountain tribes. With the support of Venice, he recovered Gjirokastër, but died on Corfu in 1418. That same year the Turks, after a prolonged siege, took Gjirokastër. Gjon's son, Depa Zenebishi, fled to Corfu. He returned to the mainland and laid siege to Gjirokastër in 1434, but was killed in battle with a reinforcing Ottoman army in 1435.

</doc>
<doc id="19943817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943817" title="Steinkjer-Avisa">
Steinkjer-Avisa

Steinkjer-Avisa is a weekly, local newspaper published in Steinkjer, Norway. In 2007 it had a circulation of 3,917, and was published each Friday.
The newspaper was founded in 1984 by Lothar Viem. In 1999 the Viem family sold to the other Steinkjer newspaper, "Trønder-Avisa", but retains its own editor, offices, employees and board of directors.

</doc>
<doc id="19943831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943831" title="Vedda language">
Vedda language

Vedda/væđđā/ is the language of the indigenous Vedda people of Sri Lanka. But communities, such as Coast Veddas and Anuradhapura Veddas, that do not strictly identify themselves as Veddas also use the Vedda language in part for communication during hunting and or for religious chants, throughout the island.
When a systematic field study was conducted in 1959, the language was confined to the older generation of Veddas from Dambana. In 1990s self-identifying Veddas knew few words and phrases in Vedda, but there were individuals who knew the language comprehensively. Initially there was considerable debate amongst linguists as to whether Vedda is a dialect of Sinhalese or an independent language. Later studies indicate that Vedda language is a creole which evolved from ancient times, when the Veddas came in contact with the early Sinhalese, from whom they increasingly borrowed words and synthetic features, yielding the cumulative effect that Vedda looked like Sinhalese in many particulars, but its grammatical core was still intact.
The parent Vedda language(s) is of unknown genetic origins, while Sinhalese is of the Indo-Aryan branch of Indo-European languages. Phonologically it is distinguished from Sinhalese by the higher frequency of palatal sounds C and J. The effect is also heightened by the addition of inanimate suffixes. Morphologically, the Vedda word classes are nouns, verbs and invariables, with unique gender distinctions in animate nouns. It has reduced and simplified many forms of Sinhalese such as second person pronouns and denotations of negative meanings. Instead borrowing new words from Sinhalese or other languages Vedda creates combinations of words from a limited lexical stock. Vedda also maintains many archaic Sinhalese terms from the 10th to 12th centuries, as a relict of its close contact with Sinhalese. Vedda also retains a number of unique words that cannot be derived from Sinhalese. Vedda has exerted a substratum influence in the formation of Sinhalese. This is evident by the presence of both lexical and structural elements in Sinhalese which cannot be traced to either Indo-Aryan or neighboring Dravidian languages.
History.
It is unknown which languages were spoken in Sri Lanka prior to its settlement by Prakrit-speaking immigrants in the 5th century BCE. The Sinhalese term "Vedda" is a generic term denoting hunter-gatherers. In Tamil they are known as "Vedar", meaning 'hunter.' Cognate terms (Such as "bedar, beda") are used throughout South India to describe hunter-gatherers. Sri Lanka has had other hunter-gatherering peoples such as the Rodiya and Kinnaraya.
The earliest account of Vedda was written by Ryklof Van Goens (1663–1675), who served as a Director General of the Dutch East India Company in Sri Lanka. He wrote that the Veddas' language was much closer to Sinhalese than to Tamil. Robert Knox, an Englishman held captive by a Kandyan king, wrote in 1681 that the wild and settled Veddas spoke the language of the Sinhalese people. The Portuguese friar Fernão de Queiroz, who wrote a nuanced description of Vedda in 1686, reported that the language was not mutually intelligible with other native languages. Robert Percival wrote in 1803 that the Veddas, although seemingly speaking a broken dialect of Sinhalese, amongst themselves spoke a language that was known only to them. But John Davies in 1831 wrote that the Veddas spoke a language that was understood by the Sinhalese except for a few words. These discrepancies in observations were clarified by Charles Pridham, who wrote in 1848 that the Veddas knew a form of Sinhalese that they were able to use in talking to outsiders, but to themselves they spoke in a language that, although influenced by Sinhalese and Tamil, was understood only by them.
The first systematic attempt at studying the Vedda language was undertaken by Hugh Neville, an English civil servant in British Ceylon. He founded "The Taprobanian", a quarterly journal devoted to the study of everything Ceylonese. He speculated, based on etymological studies, that Vedda is based on an Old Sinhalese form called Hela. His views were followed by Henry Parker, another English civil servant and the author of "Ancient Ceylon"(1909), who wrote that most Vedda words were borrowed from Sinhalese, but he also noted words of unique origin, which he assigned to the original language of the Veddas. The second most important study was made in 1935 by Wilhem Geiger, who also sounded the alarm that Vedda would be soon be extinct and needed to be studied in detail. One of the linguists to heed that call was Manniku W. Sugathapala De Silva who did a comprehensive study of the language in 1959 as a PhD thesis, which he published as a book: according to him, the language was restricted to the older generation of people from the Dambanna region, with the younger generation shifting to Sinhalese, whereas Coast Veddas were speaking a dialect of Sri Lankan Tamil that is used in the region. During religious festivals, people who enter a trance or spirit possession sometimes use a mixed language that contains words from Vedda. Veddas of the Anuradhapura region speak in Sinhalese, but use Vedda words to denote animals during hunting trips.
Classification.
Early linguists and observers of the language considered it to be either a separate language or a dialect of Sinhalese. The chief proponent of the dialect theory was Wilhelm Geiger, but he also contradicted himself by claiming that Vedda was a relexified aboriginal language.
Veddas consider the Vedda language to be distinct from Sinhalese and use it as an ethnic marker to differentiate them from Sinhalese people.
The first comprehensive study of the language was undertaken by Manikku W. Sugathapala de Silva in 1959; he along with K. N. O Dharmadasa have put forward the view that Vedda is a Creole. According to De Silva, Vedda is a Creole based on the original Vedda language with Sinhalese as the second most important contributing factor which is supported by Geiger view that Vedda is a relexified aboriginal language. De Silva concluded that although the Creole had borrowed profusely from Sinhalese vocabulary, its morphology was very distinct. He also concluded that Vedda still contains in its vocabulary terms that were unknown to the Sinhalese. He wrote that grammatically Vedda remained still distinct from Sinhalese. In 1990 K.N.O Dharmadasa wrote that irrespective claims about whether the Vedda form in use in the 1990s is an independent language or a Creole, the peculiarities of the language made it still a distinct linguistic form different from all varieties of Sinhalese. According to De Silva and Dharmadasa, when the colonization of island by various Indian settlers using common Prakrits in use in India began in 5th century BCE, some elements of the Vedda coalesced with the settlers and lost their language through language replacement. Where as more conservative elements maintaining a hunter gatherer lifestyle moved into the central highlands known in early literature as Malaya Rata. Most Indian settlers colonized the North, Northwestern, Eastern and South Eastern lowlands of the country specifically Rajarata and Ruhuna, leaving the heavily forested central high lands to the ancestors of Veddas. With the collapse of the lowland dry zone civilization starting in the 9th century, descendants of the Indian settlers who had begun to speak Sinhalese moved in the central highlands. The trade and other connections made by the speakers of Sinhalese and the Vedda language's/languages' unknown genetic affinities gave rise to a period of use of a Pidgin of the languages. Initial borrowing of terms was limited to trade purposes, but was eventually adopted by the Vedda elite and subsequently by the rest of the Veddas. The Veddas also seemed to have moved further way from Sinhalese contact by moving into inaccessible forests of Binttanne and now reforested former dry zone areas. This led to the arresting of the contact between the language communities thus allowing new Vedda language to stabilize and become an independent language. As a relict of this limited period of contact, Vedda maintains many archaic Sinhalese words that were in vogue during that period. These words have gone out of use in contemporary Sinhalese.
Phonology.
Although in phonemic inventory Vedda is very similar to Sinhalese, in phonotactics it is very dissimilar to Sinhalese. The usage of palatal affricates ("C" sounds similar to "ch" in "church", and "J" sounds similar to "j" in "judge") is very high in Vedda. Some comparisons:
This effect is heightened by the addition of inanimate suffixes such as pojja, gejja or raacca. These suffixes are used in tandem with borrowings from Sinhalese.
These transformations are very similar to what we see in other Creole languages like Melanesian Pidgin English and Jamaican English Creole. The preponderance of the palatal affricates is explained as a remainder from days when the original Vedda language had a high frequency of such phonemes.
Morphology.
Formerly distinct Vedda nouns have two types of suffixes, one for animate and another for inanimate.
Animate nouns.
The animate suffixes are –atto for personal pronouns and –"laatto" for all other animate nouns and – pojja and -"raaccaa" for personified nouns. Examples are
These suffixes are also used in singular and plural meaning based from the verbal and non verbal context.
The dependence on verbal (and non verbal) context for semantic specification, which is accomplished by inflectional devices by natural languages is an indication of a contact language.
Certain words that appear to be from original Vedda language do not have these suffixes, also animate nouns also have gender distinctions, with small animals treated as feminine ("i" marker) and larger ones masculine ("a" marker).
Inanimate nouns.
Inanimate nouns use suffixes such as –"rukula" and –"danda" with nouns denoting body parts and other suffixes such as "-pojja, -tana, and -gejja". Suffixes are used when the words are borrowed from Sinhalese.
There are number of forms that are from the original Vedda language that don't have suffixes such as
Vedda inanimate nouns are formed by borrowing Sinhalese adjectives and adding a suffix. Kavi is Sinhalese adjective for Kaviya the noun but where as Vedda noun is kavi-tana, where tana is a suffix.
Pronouns.
Examples of pronouns are "meeatto" (I), "topan" (you), "eyaba" (there), "koyba" (where?). Compared to Sinhalese which requires five forms to address people based on status, Vedda uses one ("topan") irrespective of status. These pronouns are also used in both singular and plural denotations.
Numerals.
These are found in definite and indefinite forms. "ekama" one (def.) and "ekamak" once (indef.) They count ekamay, dekamay and tunamay. Vedda also reduces the numer formations found in Sinhalese.
Negation.
Another example of simplification in Vedda is minimisations of negative meanings found in Sinhalese:
Lexicon.
Many of the Vedda words are directly borrowed from Sinhalese or Tamil via Sinhalese while maintaining words that are not derivable from Sinhalese or its cognate languages from the Indo-Aryan language group. Vedda also exhibits a propensity for paraphrases and it coins words from its limited lexical stock rather than to borrow words from other languages including Sinhalese. For example:
Archaic terms.
Vedda maintains in its lexicon Archaic Sinhalese words that are no longer in daily usage. These archaic words are attested from classical Sinhalese prose from the 10th century until the 13th century, the purported period of close contact between the original Vedda language(s) and Old Sinhala leading to the development of the Creole. Some examples are
Substratum influence in Sinhalese.
According to Geiger and Gair, Sinhalese language has features that set it apart from other Indo-Aryan languages. Some of the differences can be explained by the substrate influence of parent stock of the Vedda language. Sinhalese has many words that are only found in Sinhalese or it is shared between Sinhalese and Vedda and cannot be etymologically derived from Middle or Old Indo-Aryan. Common examples are "Kola" in Sinhalese and Vedda for leaf, "Dola" in Sinhalese for Pig and offering in Vedda. Other common words are "Rera" for wild duck and "Gala" for stones in Toponyms found throughout the island. There are also high frequency words denoting body parts in Sinhalese such as "Olluva" for head, "Kakula" for leg, "bella" for neck and "kalava" for thighs that are derived from pre-Sinhalese languages of Sri Lanka. The author of the oldest Sinhalese grammar, "Sidatsangarava," written in the 13th century have recognized a category of words that exclusively belonged to early Sinhalese. It lists "naramba" (to see) and "kolamba" (ford or habor) as belonging to an indigenous source. "Kolamba" is the source of the name of the commercial capital Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="19943832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943832" title="Tiflorex">
Tiflorex

Tiflorex, formerly known as flutiorex, is a stimulant amphetamine. Its most pronounced effect is in suppression of appetite; it has little effect on pulse rate, sleep, or mood. It was found to be twice as potent an anorectic as fenfluramine.

</doc>
<doc id="19943839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943839" title="Brede Pit and Cutting">
Brede Pit and Cutting

Brede Pit and Cutting is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in the parish of Brede, East Sussex, England. The site was notified in 1990 under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. The site is important for the study of palaeogeography, sedimentology and palaeoecology.

</doc>
<doc id="19943840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943840" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 5)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 5)

The four teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Switzerland qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Alfredo Foni

Head coach: Bertie Peacock
Head coach: Elek Schwartz (first match); Denis Neville (second to sixth match)

Head coach: Zyber Konçi (first to fifth match); Loro Boriçi (sixth match)

</doc>
<doc id="19943873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943873" title="Cherven, Ruse Province">
Cherven, Ruse Province

Cherven () is a village in northeastern Bulgaria in the Ruse Province. Cherven is situated in the municipality of Ivanovo. the village had 302 inhabitants. The tributary of the river Rusenski Lom, Cherni Lom (meaning "Black Lom"), divides the village into two parts.
One of the most important towns in the Second Bulgarian Empire existed near the village and was also called Cherven. During its heyday between 12th and 14th centuries, it was one of the largest commercial and military centres in the region. It was fully destroyed after the Bulgarian–Ottoman Wars and is now in ruins. 

</doc>
<doc id="19943879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943879" title="Heinrich Wieland Prize">
Heinrich Wieland Prize

The Heinrich Wieland Prize is an annual science award for research on lipids in the fields of chemistry, biochemistry, physiology and clinical medicine. It is sponsored by Boehringer Ingelheim, and awarded by a board of trustees. The prize is named after the Nobel Prize Laureate in chemistry Professor Heinrich Wieland (1877-1957), one of the leading lipid chemists of the first half of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19943881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943881" title="Hulkoti">
Hulkoti

Hulkoti is a town in Gadag district of Karnataka state, India. The town is situated on the way from Hubli to Gadag. The town is known for the co-operative movement in Karnataka. K.H.Patil was in the forefront of co-operative movement in this town. The town has many educational institutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19943883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943883" title="1998 BMW Open – Singles">
1998 BMW Open – Singles

Mark Philippoussis was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Thomas Enqvist won the title, defeating Andre Agassi 6–7(4–7), 7–6(8–6), 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19943888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943888" title="Nikolay Nekhoroshev">
Nikolay Nekhoroshev

Nikolai Nikolaevich Nekhoroshev (; 2 October 1946 – 18 October 2008) was a prominent Soviet Russian mathematician, specializing in classical mechanics and dynamical systems. His research concerned Hamiltonian mechanics, perturbation theory, celestial mechanics, integrable systems, dynamical systems, the quasiclassical approximation, and singularity theory. He proved, in particular, a stability result in KAM-theory stating that, under certain conditions, solutions of nearly integrable systems stay close to invariant tori for exponentially long times .
Nekhoroshev was professor of the Moscow State University and University of Milan. He is an alumnus of Moscow's boarding school no. 18 (1964).

</doc>
<doc id="19943903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943903" title="Kiyamachi Street">
Kiyamachi Street


</doc>
<doc id="19943904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943904" title="Geoff Wilson">
Geoff Wilson

Geoffrey or Geoff Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19943939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943939" title="792 Naval Air Squadron">
792 Naval Air Squadron

792 Naval Air Squadron of the Fleet Air Arm of the Royal Navy was originally formed at St. Merryn in August 1939 as an Air Target Unit, equipped with six Blackburn Skuas. The squadron disbanded in 1945 and merged with 794 Naval Air Squadron.
792 Squadron reformed at RNAS Culdrose in 1948 as a Night Fighter Training Unit. It was initially equipped with Firefly NF.1s and Avro Ansons. They were later replaced with Sea Hornets shortly before the squadron disbanded again in August 1950.
The squadron was reformed at RNAS Culdrose in November 2001 from the Fleet Target Group from RNAS Portland, which closed in 1998. It operated the Mirach 100/5 unmanned subsonic drones which were used to test the Sea Dart Missile System on Type 42 Destroyers and Sidewinder missiles on Harrier and Tornado fighters. It is not listed on the current Royal Navy website and is believed to have been replaced by QinetiQ's Combined Aerial Target Service contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19943944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943944" title="Persecution of people with albinism">
Persecution of people with albinism

Persecution of people with albinism may occur for different reasons. One is based on the belief that certain body parts of albinistic people can transmit magical powers. Such superstition is present in some parts of the African Great Lakes region, it has been promulgated and exploited by witch doctors and others who use such body parts as ingredients in rituals, concoctions and potions with the claim that their magic will bring prosperity to the user ("muti" or medicine murder). 
As a result, people with albinism have been persecuted, killed and dismembered, and graves of albinos dug up and desecrated. At the same time, people with albinism have also been ostracised and even killed for exactly the opposite reason, because they are presumed to be cursed and bring bad luck.
Tanzania.
It is estimated that over 150,000 albinos live in Tanzania; 8,000 of whom are registered with the Tanzania Albino Society (TAS). A number of albinos have fled to the Dar es Salaam area, as they feel safer in an urban setting. Tanzania is thought to have the largest population of albinos in Africa.
In December 2007 the Tanzania Albino Society accused the government of inactivity in the face of four albino killings over the previous three months. While older albino women with red eyes had been at risk for being murdered sporadically in the past as witches, this killing spree may have been the beginning of the ongoing persecution of albinos with the intent to harvest the victims' body parts. 
With escalating killings, President Kikwete publicly and repeatedly condemned witch doctors, their helpers and middlemen, and the clients, which include members of the police force, for these murders. Victims include children snatched or abducted from their parents. The killers and their accomplices use hair, arms, legs, skin, eyes, genitals, and blood in rituals or for witch potions. Fishermen incorporate albino hair into their nets in their hope to catch more fish from Lake Victoria or to find gold in the belly of the fish that they catch. 
A number of steps were taken by the government to protect the albino population. The president ordered a crackdown on witchdoctors in the spring of 2008. In addition, an albino woman, Al-Shymaa Kway-Geer, was named to become a member of the parliament, the first albino in such a position in the history of Tanzania. Police have also been advised to generate lists of albinos and provide special protection for them. 
To foil graverobbers, graves of the albinistic were to be sealed with concrete. However, by October 2008, killings had not abated, and while some suspects had been apprehended, no convictions had taken place. It was estimated that over 50 murders had taken place since March 2007, many of them in the mining and fishing communities near Lake Victoria, especially at Mwanza, Shinyanga and Mara.
In January 2009, "Prime Minister Pinda had declared war on the albino hunters, and in an effort to stop the trade in albino body parts he had revoked the licenses of all the country's witch doctors who use the body parts in their black magic fetishes."
First conviction.
The first ever conviction for the killing of an albino in Tanzania occurred on 23 September 2009 at the High Court in Kahama. The conviction came about following the murder and mutilation of a 14-year-old boy, Matatizo Dunia, who was attacked by three men in Bukombe district in Shinyanga Region in December 2008. The men carried Dunia from his home late at night before chopping him into pieces. 
One of them was later found with Dunia's leg in his possession. The rest of Dunia's body parts were located concealed in shrubbery. The men confessed a desire to sell Dunia's parts to a witch doctor, yet despite this, their legal team had not anticipated the death sentence of hanging which the three men would receive. 
Canada's Under The Same Sun albino activist organisation praised the breakthrough but its founder Peter Ash remarked: "This is one conviction. There are 52 other families still awaiting justice". The Tanzania Albino Society's chairman Ernest Kimaya called for the hanging to be made public to further demonstrate to others that the issue of killing albinos was to be taken seriously.
Other African states.
By June 2008 killings had been reported in neighboring Kenya and possibly also the Democratic Republic of Congo.
In October 2008 AFP reported on the further expansion of killings of albinos to the Ruyigi region of Burundi. Body parts of the victims are then smuggled to Tanzania where they are used for witch doctor rituals and potions. Albinos have become "a commercial good", commented Nicodeme Gahimbare in Ruyigi, who established a local safe haven in his fortified house.
By 2010 cases had also been reported from Swaziland.
International reaction.
After events involving murders of albino humans by three Tanzanian men had been publicised by the BBC and others, the European Parliament strongly condemned the killing of albinos in Tanzania on 4 September 2008.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed H. Resolution 1088, introduced by Rep Gerry Connolly (D, VA), by a vote of 418-1 on February 22, 2010. The resolution condemns the attacks and killings; categorizes them as human rights violations, and urges the governments of Tanzania and Burundi to vigorously prosecute such cases and to conduct educational campaigns to combat the superstitious beliefs that underlie the violent attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19943948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943948" title="Ida Bagus Made">
Ida Bagus Made

Ida Bagus Made Poleng (1915–1999) was a traditional Balinese painter. Known also as Ida Bagus Made Poleng or Ida Bagus Made Tebesaya or simply Gus Made.
Biography.
He was born in Tebasaya, Ubud, Bali in 1915. Ida Bagus Made came from a Brahman family of accomplished artists in Tampaksiring, Bali. His Father, Ida Bagus kembeng (1897–1952), was a well known painter who won the prestigious Silver Medal in 1937 at the International Colonial Art Exposition in Paris. Ida Bagus Made first learned painting and carving from his father. He later studied painting under the guidance of Rudolf Bonnet. Bonnet once wrote that Ida Bagus Made was one of the most talented artist in Bali. He was in his teens when the modernization of Balinese art began in the late 1920s, and only 21 years old when he joined the prestigious Pitamaha Artist Guild, founded in 1936 to preserve Balinese art from the threat of tourism and commercialism.
His father, Ida Bagus Kembeng had two wives: Jero Deblog and Ida Ayu Rai. Ida Bagus Made was a child from his second wife. From his marriage with Jero Deblog, Ida Bagus Kembeng had two sons: Ida Bagus Putu Wiri and Ida Bagus Made Belawa. With Ida Ayu Rai, Kembeng had a daughter, Ida Ayu Oka, and two sons: Ida Bagus Made Poleng and Ida Bagus Nyoman Raka. 
Ida Bagus Made was married to Gusti Niang and had one daughter, Ida Ayu Sadri. Since Ida Bagus Made did not have a son, he adopted Ida Bagus Pudja, a son of his half brother, Ida Bagus Belawa.
He was known by the Balinese as a ritual specialist for carving sacred masks imbued with magical powers for the surrounding temples of Ubud. As a traditional painter of the Pitamaha generation, he became known worldwide for his artistic mastery.
Ida Bagus Made was a prolific painter who had a profound distrust of art dealers and collectors. He scrutinized his admirers and only a handful of collectors passed his test. The late Indonesian President Sukarno was one of such collectors that Ida Bagus Made revered. His works are well sought after and are in the collection of many museums in the world.
He died after an illness in 1999. In 2000, following the artist’s last wish, the widow of Ida Bagus Made loaned over 100 paintings from the artist’s private collection to the Puri Lukisan Museum for safekeeping.
Works.
Ida Bagus Made's paintings are some of the best examples of the Ubud school from the Pitamaha generation, and have not been surpassed by younger painters. His paintings have been acquired by prestigious institutions all over the world, including the United Nations, the Royal Tropical Institute Museum (Amsterdam) and the Royal Ethnographic Museum (Leiden). In Indonesia, his paintings are in the collections of former President Sukarno, the Museum Puri Lukisan, the Neka Museum, the Agung Rai Museum of Art, the Bentara Budaya Museum, and many others.
Several most important work from Ida Bagus Made are : (1) Atomic War in Indra's Heaven (Ida Bagus Made' estate in Museum Puri Lukisan). (2) Dancing Leyak (Ida Bagus Made' Estate). (3)Three Women Shape-Shifters (Ida Bagus Made's Estate). 
Exhibitions.
Before the Second World War, his paintings were included in many touring exhibitions organized by the Pitamaha Artist Guild. Exhibitions were held in the "Kunst-ring" (Art Circle) of Batavia (1936, 1937, 1939); Bandung (1936, 1938); Tegal (1938); Medan, Palembang and Surabaya (1939).
After 1945, he stopped participating in any exhibitions. Not until 1998 that he gave a blessing to a solo exhibition organized by Darga Gallery (Sanur, Ubud). The exhibition (14 March - 14 April 1998) featured paintings from the Neka Museum, The Agung Rai Museum of Art and of a handful private collectors. Ida Bagus Made attended the opening of the exhibition. A short catalog, entitled "Ida Bagus Made - Mata Air Campuhan Masa Silam", accompanied the exhibition.
In 2001, a posthumous solo exhibition was held at the Herbert Johnson Museum of the Cornell University, Ithaca, New York. The exhibition was curated by Prof. Kaja McGowan of Cornell University. Third teen paintings from three private collectors were shown from August 18 - October 28, 2001. An exhibition leaflet: "Suaranya Gong Kebyar: the Balinese Art of Ida Bagus Made" was published.
In July 2008, a posthumous solo exhibition was held in Museum Puri Lukisan in Bali. This exhibition features paintings from the estate of maestro Ida Bagus Made Poleng and celebrates the visual artistry of one of the foremost painters of Ubud. Fifty paintings from the estate of the artist was presented to the public for the first time. It is accompanied by a catalog: “Ida Bagus Made – the Art of Devotion”

</doc>
<doc id="19943951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943951" title="British Aircraft Company">
British Aircraft Company

The British Aircraft Company was a British aircraft manufacturer based in Maidstone. It was founded by C H Lowe-Wylde and produced gliders and light aircraft during the 1930s.
B.A.C. Ltd was registered as a Limited Company on 4 March 1931; directors were C H Lowe-Wylde, K Barcham Green and Mrs Sheila M Green. Around this time Lowe-Wylde was developing the principle of launching gliders by towing them using a powerful car. Giving demonstrations around the country, his Bentley, driven by Mrs Green, was able to launch him to a height of 300ft, thus making hill sites and bungy-launch teams unnecessary. A public demonstration of this on the Brooklands Race Track's Finishing Straight on 9 April 1931 was filmed by British Pathe and almost ended in disaster when Lowe-Wylde clipped the port wing as he made an impressive landing under a footbridge! A school of auto-towed instruction was started at West Malling. The Sopwith Dove G-EBKY (now with the Shuttleworth Collection) was also used for aero-towing.
Glider production.
Charles H Lowe-Wylde was the first person in Britain to earn the F.A.I. "A" gliding certificate, on 30 March 1930, flying a primary glider of his own design, built in five weeks by members of the Kent Gliding Club and named "Columbus". The glider was first flown at Detling on 23 February 1930.
Lowe-Wylde set up the British Aircraft Company in mid-1930, with works in an old brewery at Lower Stone Street, Maidstone. 
The first true B.A.C. aircraft was another primary, the B.A.C. I, again used by the Kent Gliding Club.
The B.A.C. II was also a primary, but instead of an open girder-type frame, it had a box spar fuselage. This first flew at Lenham on 21 September 1930 and about fifteen were sold, including one in Jamaica. Lowe-Wylde would deliver the gliders personally and demonstrate them at the club's site (and if necessary take the pieces home for repair the same day).
The B.A.C. III consisted of the wings and tail from the B.A.C. II combined with a fuselage enclosing the pilot. First flying at Lenham on 12 October 1930, two went to the Glasgow and Accrington gliding clubs, while three further clubs had their B.A.C. II primaries delivered along with alternative B.A.C. III fuselages, so they could be flown in either configuration.
An improved version of the B.A.C. III appearing in April 1931 was the B.A.C. IV with longer, tapered wings. One was sold to Mr C M C Turner of the Channel Gliding Club. For an intended channel crossing. it was towed to 10,000ft by Sqn Ldr Probyn in his Westland Widgeon G-EBRQ on 18 June 1931, but this was not high enough for the planned flight.
The B.A.C. V was simply a B.A.C. III equipped with a pair of wheels for auto-towing. One was built for the Border Gliding Club, while the Preston & District club converted their B.A.C. III for towing off the beach at Middleton Sands, Heysham. However this aircraft crashed there fatally on 15 May 1932.
When the B.A.C. IV was fitted with wheels, it was known as the B.A.C. VI. One was soared by Wolf Hirth at Balsdean on 1 April 1931 for 2hrs 13min.
The Taunton & West Somerset Gliding Club was presented with a B.A.C. VI by their president, Lt. Col. Hamilton Gault, M.P., which was first demonstrated for the club by Mr Lowe-Wylde on 9 July 1931.
On 12 April 1931 the first two-seat B.A.C. VII flew, still using the 40ft 10in span wings of the B.A.C. IV and VI, but with a new fuselage and an aircraft-type twin-wheel undercarriage for aero- or auto-towing.
A B.A.C. VII sponsored by novelist Barbara Cartland was intended to compete for the Daily Mail cross-channel competition prize, but in trials, flown by Edward Mole and towed by DH.60 Moth G-AAPA of National Flying Services, the combination was unable to get above 6,000ft, insufficient height for a crossing, so instead a towed flight was made from Maidstone to Reading on 20 June 1931. (Robert Kronfeld made a successful channel crossing the same day.)
The RAF Pageant held at Hendon on 25 June 1932 included a display by three B.A.C. VII gliders.
At the British Gliding Association meeting at Huish/Pewsey Hill, G E Collins – the BGA instructor, made the first thermal-soaring flights in the UK, with a cross-country flight of 6 miles in a B.A.C. VII on 3 July 1933.
Some B.A.C. VIIs were sold as kits, including one built in Palestine, and a replica was built by Michael Maufe in the 1980s, using the wings from a Drone.
The B.A.C. VIII was a two-seat flying boat glider using B.A.C. VII wings and tail. Nicknamed the "Bat-Boat" after similar craft described in a short story by Rudyard Kipling, it was tested in August 1931 by being towed behind a speed-boat on the River Medway at Rochester. On 7 December that year it was demonstrated from the Welsh Harp reservoir at Hendon.
The last of Lowe-Wylde's glider designs was the B.A.C. IX, a lightweight sailplane designed for possible home building. One only was built, first flown at Balsdean on 4 Oct 1931. The Kent Gliding Club were hoping to acquire it in 1933, but nothing more is known.
Powered aircraft.
In Autumn 1932 the four B.A.C. Planettes appeared; these were conversions of B.A.C. VIIs fitted with a 600cc Douglas engine driving a pusher propellor. The first two were demonstrated at London Air Park on 27 November 1932. In 1932 the prototype Percival Gull, G-ABUR, was built in the B.A.C. works at Maidstone.
On 13 May 1933 Lowe-Wylde was killed in an accident while flying a Planette at Maidstone Airport. 
Robert Kronfeld took over the company and started modifying the surviving Planettes to produce a more practical single-seat light aeroplane known as the B.A.C. Drone. The firm moved to a new factory at London Air Park (Hanworth), and became the British Aircraft Company (1935) Ltd. The Drone went into quantity production in 1935. On 21 May 1936 the company was renamed as Kronfeld Ltd.
The Drone was also built under licence at Issy les Moulineaux in France by the Societe Francaise des Avions Nouvelles (SFAN), and at Ghent in Belgium by the Societe Gantoise des Avions sans Moteur.

</doc>
<doc id="19943955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943955" title="Mall Masters">
Mall Masters

Mall Masters is the name of a game show from Stone-Stanley that aired on GSN, from April 1 to August 31, 2001, with reruns airing until December 1, 2001. The show was hosted by TV personality Chris Harrison, who also introduced himself in the intro. Three contestants competed to test their knowledge of pop culture. The show was taped at the Camp Snoopy Theater inside the world-famous Mall of America in Minneapolis during November and December 2000. Most of the contestants were from the Minneapolis area, many working at the mall itself. Though the theater was on an upper level in the mall, the video production truck was located a half mile away in the basement loading docks. Post production was done in Los Angeles.
Round 1.
In round 1, Chris read a toss-up survey question based on a poll of 100 shoppers at the Mall of America with three choices (similar to "Family Feud"). The first to ring in with the most popular answer which was the right answer (similar to the Bullseye Round on "Family Feud") got a chance to choose from one of four stores inside the Mall of America. If incorrect, the correct answer was revealed and the other two players were asked a question with the third player locked out. If one of those players got that question wrong, then the remaining player would be asked another question unopposed. If that player gets the question wrong, the next question is asked to all 3 players once again. Once a store was picked, a person who was at that store would team up with the contestant to answer another question (similar to "Street Smarts"), this time, with four choices. The contestant could then agree or disagree with the mall shopper's pick. If the in-studio contestant disagreed, they had to choose from the other three possibilities. If correct, the contestant got another 100 points. Once a store was picked, it was gone, and another store took its place. If the shopper got the question right, regardless if the contestant got it right or wrong, they got a $50 gift certificate from Mall of America.
Round 2.
Same as round 1, but point values doubled, which meant correct answers were worth 200 points.
Round 3.
As with most Stone-Stanley games, the game ended with a 90-second (1:30) speed round called the Lightning Round (similar to the Shopper's Challenge Round on another Stone-Stanley game show, "Shop 'til You Drop"), with correct answers worth 100 points. A question was asked with three multiple choices. The first to ring in with a correct answer got the points. If the first player got the question wrong, the other two players could ring in. If one of the other players got that question wrong, the question was thrown out and the correct answer was revealed since there were three choices and two wrong answers would automatically give away the right answer. When time ran out, the highest score won the game. If the game ended in a two-way tie for first place, or if all three tied, a tie-breaker question was asked, with the first to ring-in getting a chance to answer, and if correct, moved on to the bonus round, but if wrong, the opponent won (or in the case of a three-way tie, if the first to ring-in was wrong, he or she automatically lost, and the other two would ring in to answer, and if incorrect, the last opponent won).
Bonus Round.
The contestant was asked up to nine questions, all asked regarding one of the stores in the Mall of America. Each question had two choices, and a right answer got $100, but a wrong answer got a strike, and three strikes ended the bonus round, but if the contestant could get seven of the nine questions correct, he or she won $5,000 (in lieu of a trip that most Stone-Stanley shows, such as "Fun House", "Shop 'til You Drop", and "Legends of the Hidden Temple" had as a grand prize), accompanied by a flashing "$5,000" on the video wall and a picture of the mall shoppers waving hands zooming in.
Three new contestants competed on each show.
Cancellation.
Due to excessively low ratings for the show, "Mall Masters" was cancelled on August 31, 2001 after only five months on the air. In July, Rich Cronin, the president of GSN, announced that the plug had to be pulled on this show because it did not attract enough viewers. The last episode to air on GSN was on exactly the same date as its cancellation (August 31, 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="19943956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943956" title="John Pugh (Canadian politician)">
John Pugh (Canadian politician)

John Pugh (1821 – September 23, 1900) was an Irish-born merchant and politician in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Conservative member from 1878 to 1882.
He was born in Dublin, the son of Thomas Pugh and Ann Burns, and was educated there. Pugh went to sea at the age of 13 and was a ship's captain from 1843 to 1857. In 1850, he married Alice Saunders. Pugh served as a member of the province's Board of Works from 1864 to 1867. He served on the school board for Halifax. He ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1882. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="19943982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943982" title="Robert William Buss">
Robert William Buss

Robert William Buss (4 August 1804 – 26 February 1875) was a Victorian artist, etcher and illustrator perhaps best known for his painting "Dickens' Dream". 
Early career.
Born in Bull and Mouth Street, Aldersgate in London in 1804, Buss served an apprenticeship with his father, a master engraver and enameller, and then studied painting under George Clint, a miniaturist, watercolour and portrait painter, and mezzotint engraver. 
At the start of his career Buss specialized in painting theatrical portraits, with many of the leading actors of the day sitting to him, including William Charles Macready, John Pritt Harley, and John Baldwin Buckstone. Later Buss painted historical and humorous subjects. He exhibited a total of 112 pictures between 1826 and 1859, twenty-five at the Royal Academy, twenty at the British Institution, forty-five at the Suffolk Street gallery of the Society of British Artists, seven at the New Watercolour Society, and fifteen in other places.
The Pickwick Papers.
Buss was commissioned by Dickens' publishers, Chapman and Hall, to provide two illustrations for "The Pickwick Papers" after the original illustrator, Robert Seymour, committed suicide. Buss immediately set aside his other work and prepared a dozen or so preliminary sketches for the novel, then in its second of twenty instalments. Five of these sketches are in the Pierpont Morgan Library in New York. His drawings were regarded as adequate, but the process of etching on a steel plate was unfamiliar to him so he hired an expert etcher. 
Buss realised that the "free touch of an original work was entirely wanting", and that the printed images lifed from his plates seemed lifeless and uninspired. But, he concluded, "Time was up", and the unsatisfactory illustrations for part 3 had to be issued. The publishers summarily dismissed him, which worried Buss throughout the rest of his life. The commission went instead to Hablot Knight Browne, but Buss never held his dismissal against Dickens. Instead, Buss remained his lifelong admirer and went on to produce several painting celebrating the author's work, including the unfinished "Dickens' Dream".
Later life.
In 1837 publishers Saunders and Otley hired Buss to illustrate a new edition of Frederick Marryat's "Peter Simple" and Henry Colburn hired him to illustrate Frances Trollope's "The Widow Married" in 1840. These the artist managed to etch satisfactorily, and afterwards he successfully gained several commissions for illustrating fiction. For some years Buss worked for Charles Knight, designing wood-engravings for his editions of " 'London' " (1841–4), " 'William Shakespeare' ", (1842–3), and " 'Old England' " (1845–6).
Buss married Frances Fleetwood on March 21, 1826, and the couple settled in Camden Town, London, where they had ten children, six of whom survived infancy. Their only daughter, Frances Mary Buss, became a distinguished pioneer of women's education, and was assisted for many years by her father and her clergyman brothers Alfred and Septimus Buss.
In 1845, worried by ‘money anxieties’, Buss's wife started a school for young boys and girls at 14 Clarence Road, Kentish Town, London. In the same premises his daughter Frances began a morning school offering young ladies a liberal education. In 1850 the two schools moved into larger quarters in Holmes Terrace, and Buss assisted by teaching drawing and later science, literature, and elocution. In 1850 Buss's wife retired from the school. 
Buss also researched earlier British printmakers, and lectured on the topic in his daughter's schools and, from 1853, he delivered a series of four talks, accompanied by 300 examples reproduced on sixty scrolling cartoons, at literary and scientific institutions in London and the provinces. These talks he published privately in 1874 as "English Graphic Satire", a book for which he supplied in various mediums examples of his predecessors' work. Buss also gave lectures on fresco painting and on the picturesque and the beautiful, though these were never published, and from 1850 to 1852 he edited "The Fine Art Almanack".
On hearing of Dickens' death in June 1870, Buss was moved to attempt a large watercolour, 'Dickens's Dream', which portrayed the dozing author seated in his Gad's Hill Place study surrounded by many of the characters he had created. The desk, chair and background of the painting were closely based on "The Empty Chair", an engraving made at Gads Hill Place in 1870, shortly after Dickens's death, by Samuel Luke Fildes. The painting was Buss's last attempt to illustrate Dickens's characters, and he modestly reproduced the images of the artists who had succeeded him. However, before he could finish it Buss died at his home at 14 Camden Street, London on 26 February 1875 and was buried at Highgate Cemetery in Middlesex. 
Today the painting is exhibited at the Charles Dickens Museum in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19943989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19943989" title="Studios Hergé">
Studios Hergé

The Studios Hergé were, between 1950 and 1986, a SARL grouping comics creator Hergé and his collaborators, who assisted him with the creation of "The Adventures of Tintin" and derived products. Over the years, the studios had between 12 and 50 employees, including some prestigious artists like Jacques Martin, Bob de Moor and Roger Leloup.
Every creation produced by the studios was attributed to Hergé only, except for three albums of "Quick & Flupke" which are attributed to the Studios on the cover.
In 1987, the Studios were disbanded and transformed into the Hergé Foundation by Fanny Rodwell, Hergé’s widow.
History.
The Studios Hergé were created by Hergé in 1950 to assist him with the creation of "The Adventures of Tintin". They permitted him to focus on the creation of new stories by handing over some aspects of the creation, particularly the colouring, which Hergé had never really mastered and which was in the 1940s done by Edgar Pierre Jacobs, and the drawing of decors. Technical elements required a lot of documentation and a specific drawing technique, making such assistance worthwhile. The Studios were created when Hergé worked on "Destination Moon", an adventure where technology was omnipresent.
The influence of some studio members on the stories is also present. E.g. Jacques Martin claims to have introduced a number of burlesque gags which don't correspond to Hergés style of humour.
The story of the "gag page".
An anecdote well known among tintinophiles is indicative of the atmosphere in the Studios in those years. When Hergé was on a holiday in December 1965, the two main collaborators Bob de Moor and Jacques Martin created a fake page of "Tintin", completely in the style of the master, which they sent to the Swiss weekly magazine "L'Illustré". It was published there as an extract from the next "Tintin" adventure.
Jacques Martin: "I first invented a short story, and then composed the page and placed the characters. Next, Bob de Moor completed the backgrounds which I had sketched, and we both inked the page: he did the backgrounds, I did the characters.
Apparently, Hergé didn't react immediately upon discovering this, but probably preferred letting things stand as they were with this joke which, according to some, was a real indication of the state of mind of the collaborators who wanted to be more involved in the creation of the adventures of Tintin.
The page, which describes an airport scene comparable to some sequences in "Destination Moon" and "The Calculus Affair", actually closely resembles a page by Hergé, with only some tintinophiles able to spot some typical style elements of De Moor and Martin. The page can be seen at Tintin est Vivant !.
The Studios after Hergé.
After the death of Hergé in 1983, his widow Fanny Rémi, who started working with the studios as a colorist in 1956, inherited the rights to the works of the author (but not the rights to the derived works, which belonged to Alain Baran, friend of Hergé, with the company Tintin Licensing, later sold to the group Canal+).
Fanny followed the wishes of Hergé who didn't want "The Adventures of Tintin" to be continued after his death. Some doubt exists though about "Tintin and Alph-Art", left unfinished by Hergé and at first handed over to the Studios to be finished by Bob De Moor. Fanny Rémi then changed her mind and decided to publish just the sketches by Hergé, to the disappointment of Bob De Moor.
There is also some hesitation about "Quick & Flupke". Less popular than "Tintin", Hergé has not left any clear instructions about a continuation of the series. Perhaps more to keep the Studios running than for a truly artistic reason, Fanny accepted the project of Johan De Moor, son of Bob and recent arrival in the Studios, to restart the series. He realized an album of new gags while the Studios modernized a number of old gags never before published in colours. Three albums appeared in 1985, the only ones to officially credit the Studios Hergé on the cover and inside. Fanny then announced that the series would end there and that the Studios were going to be closed.
The activities of the Studios ceased soon after, not before finishing some projects of derived products and publicity work. In 1986, the Studios Hergé were replaced by the Hergé Foundation, solely occupied with the rights of the series.
In 1988, the giant fresco in Stockel/Stokkel metro station was inaugurated, based on sketches by Hergé which were finished by the Studios.
Members of the Studios.
This non exhaustive list features the principal members only.
Works of the Studios.
All works realised under the name of Hergé since 1950 can be considered as works of the Studios. This is a non-exhaustive list of those works where the Studios played a major role, either by colouring, drawing of backgrounds, or by completely replacing Hergé. However, it is difficult to correctly judge the role of the contributors, as Hergé and, later, his rights-holders minimized their work. There is debate over a number of albums, mainly "Tintin and the Picaros" and the third version of "The Black Island", where some believe that Bob De Moor completely drew the whole book. With the "Jo, Zette and Jocko" adventure "The Valley of the Cobras", Jacques Martin is sometimes said to have drawn the whole of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19944004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944004" title="Closest string">
Closest string

In theoretical computer science, closest string is the name of an NP-hard computational problem, which tries to find the geometrical center of a set of input strings.
To understand the word "center" it is necessary to define a distance between two strings. Usually, this problem is studied with the Hamming distance in mind.
Formal definition.
More formally, given "n" length-"m" strings "s"1, "s"2, ..., "s""n", the closest string problem seeks for a new length-"m" string "s" such that "d"("s","s""i") ≤ "k" for all "i", where "d" denotes the Hamming distance, and where "k" is as small as possible. A decision problem version of the closest string problem, which is NP-complete, instead takes "k" as another input and asks for any string that is within Hamming distance "k" of all the input strings.
The closest string problem can be seen as an instance of the 1-center problem in which the distances between elements are measured using Hamming distance.
Motivation.
In bioinformatics, the closest string problem is an intensively studied facet of the problem of finding signals in DNA.
Simplifications and data reductions.
Instances of closest string may contain information that is not essential to the problem. In some sense, the usual input of closest string contains information, that does not contribute to the hardness of the problem. For example, if some strings contain the character "a", but none contains the character "z", replacing all "a"s with "z"s would yield an essentially equivalent instance, that is: from a solution of the modified instance, the original solution can be restored, and vice versa.
Normalizing the input.
When all input strings that share the same length are written on top of each other, they form a matrix. Certain row types have essentially the same implications to the solution. For example, replacing a column with entries ("a","a","b") with another column ("x","x","y") might lead to a different solution string, but cannot affect solvability, because both columns express the same structure, viz. the first two entries being equal, but different from the third one. 
An input instance can be "normalized" by replacing, in each column, the character that occurs the most often with "a", the character that occurs the second most often with "b", and so forth. Given a solution to the normalized instance, the original instance can be found by remapping the characters of the solution to its original version in every column.
The order of the columns does not contribute to the hardness of the problem. That means, if we permute all input strings according to a certain permutation π and obtain a solution string "s" to that modified instance, then π-1("s") will be a solution to the original instance.
Example.
Given an instance with three input strings "uvwx", "xuwv", and "xvwu". This could be written as a matrix like this:
The first column has the values ("u","x","x"). As "x" is the character that appears the most often, we replace it by "a", and we replace "u", the second most often character, by "b", obtaining the new first column ("b","a","a"). Doing the same with all columns gives the normalized instance
Data reduction obtained from normalization.
Normalizing the input reduces the alphabet size to at most the number of input strings. This can be useful for algorithms whose running times depend on the alphabet size.
Approximability.
Li et al. evolved a polynomial-time approximation scheme which is practically unusable because of the large hidden constants.
Fixed-parameter tractability.
Closest String can be solved in formula_1, where "k" is the number of input strings, "L" is the length of all strings and "d" is the desired maximum distance from the solution string to any input string.
Relations to other problems.
Closest string is a special case of the more general closest substring problem, which is strictly more difficult. While closest string turns out to be fixed-parameter tractable in a number of ways, closest substring is with regard to these parameters.

</doc>
<doc id="19944033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944033" title="The Good Time Songs of Glen Campbell">
The Good Time Songs of Glen Campbell

The Good Time Songs of Glen Campbell is a double album which consists of two previously released Pickwick albums A Satisfied Mind and The Glen Campbell Album.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Side 3:
Side 4:

</doc>
<doc id="19944036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944036" title="Silvio Milazzo">
Silvio Milazzo

Silvio Milazzo (Caltagirone, September 4, 1903 – December 24, 1982) was an Italian Christian Democrat politician and the President of the Regional Government of Sicily from 1958-1960.
Sicilian deputy.
Milazzo was a landowner from Caltagirone and sat in the Sicilian regional parliament since 1947 for the Christian Democrat Party (DC) in the political current of Mario Scelba. He was the Regional Minister for Public Works and for Agriculture in the regional governments of Franco Restivo (1949-1955), Giuseppe Alessi (1955-1956) and Giuseppe La Loggia (1956-1958). He was a reliable party loyalist up to the time former Italian Premier Amintore Fanfani began to bring in bright young men from Rome into Sicily's Christian Democratic organization. Outraged by this infringement on Sicilian autonomy and threat to Sicilian patronage, Milazzo became the gullible protagonist of Sicilian autonomy.
After the regional elections of 1955, Milazzo, supported by the left and dissident Christian democrats, surprisingly had won the vote for head of the regional government against the outgoing president Restivo. However, the DC did not give its consent and after 37 minutes Milazzo was forced to renounce the appointment. He became vice-president under Giuseppe Alessi. It would be a prelude for the years to come.
Regional president.
In October 1958, Milazzo formed an atypical coalition government that was supported by Communists, Monarchists, Neo-Fascists and dissident Christian Democrats, breaking the power monopoly of the DC, that had ruled Sicily since 1947. Despite the expulsion of Milazzo and his followers from the party, he continued to head the Sicilian regional government. The expelled members formed a new party, the Social Christian Sicilian Union ("Unione Siciliana Cristiano Sociale", USCS), in December 1958. He competed in the regional elections in June 1959 under the slogan "Sicily for the Sicilians. Down with the mainland."
The Christian Democrat party establishment appealed to the Vatican to counter Milazzo. Armed with a papal decree banning Catholics to vote for any candidate allied with Communists, Sicily's Cardinal Ernesto Ruffini sent Catholic Action groups from door to door to campaign against Milazzo. In the US, the Hearst press implored its Italian-American readers to sent anti-Milazzo letters and telegrams to Sicily; advising the use of night-rate cables. The New York Journal American pleaded: "Even $2.75 is a small price for preserving democracy."
"They have called me a Trojan horse," Milazzo said. "But I am not that. I am a pure-blooded Sicilian horse, a noble animal. I am an anti-Communist leading only a rebellion against the injustices of Rome." After the indecisive regional elections in June 1959 in which the UCSC gained 10 per cent of the votes, Milazzo again succeeded in forming a majority coalition with the aid of Christian Democratic defectors.
Downfall.
Milazzo was under constant pressure from the Vatican and the Christian Democratic national government led by Antonio Segni, and spent most of his time trying to defend his two-vote majority in Sicily's regional Assembly. In February 1960, Milazzo resigned, after a regional deputy revealed that he was approached to change allegiance for a substantial amount of money by one of Milazzo's top aides, the Communist Ludovico Corrao.
The nation's anti-Communist press and politicians seized the occasion to remove the Italian Communists from their one real foothold in Italy. "An unheard-of attempt at corruption," Milan's Corriere della Sera headlined. The Communist maintained a bewildered silence. Rome's pro-Communist newspaper Paese Sera claimed that Milazzo was the victim of a Mafia plot.
Mafia backing?
Rumours about Mafia backing of Milazzo’s government were confirmed in the 1980s by several Mafia turncoats (pentiti), such as Tommaso Buscetta and Antonio Calderone. Both the Mafia clan in Catania and the Cosa Nostra-backed entrepreneur Costanzo campaigned for Milazzo. The Salvo cousins supported the Milazzo government as well as the old Mafia families of Greco and Bontade.
The Operation Milazzo, as it was called, was something of a clientelist “coup”, according to scholar René Seindal. The Christian Democrats lost control of the region’s resources and the various parts of Milazzo’s coalition strengthened their negotiating position towards the Christian Democrats. The Salvos, for instance, gained control over the private concession for collecting taxes in Sicily with extremely favourable conditions. To consolidate the privilege, the Salvos unscrupulously withdrew their support for Milazzo to ally themselves with the mainstream Christian Democrats which tried to regain control of the region to maintain their cliental power base.
From then until the mid-1980s the Salvos were among the most powerful businessmen in the economic, political and social life of Sicily – until they were prosecuted by Palermo’s Antimafia pool that included Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino. They controlled the Christian Democratic party branch in the Province of Trapani that guaranteed them great influence over the regional decision making of the DC. After initially supporting Milazzo, the Mafia was not opposed to the fall of his government as well – and Mafia boss Francesco Paolo Bontade and later his son Stefano Bontade sustained a close relationship with the Salvo cousins, which allowed them access to regional politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19944037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944037" title="Excelsior (typeface)">
Excelsior (typeface)

Excelsior is a serif typeface, designed by Chauncey H. Griffith, and presented by Mergenthaler Linotype in 1931. It is one of five typefaces in Griffith's 'Legibility Group' which contains typefaces especially well-suited to newsprint.
Before designing this font, Griffith consulted the results of a survey of optometrists regarding optimal legibility. 
Opticon and Paragon were released in 1935 as slightly heavier and slightly lighter versions of Excelsior designed for newspapers that deliberately underink to favor halftones, or overink to favor text and headlines.
The News 702 typeface by BitStream is almost identical to Excelsior.

</doc>
<doc id="19944044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944044" title="Biblical Manuscripts in the Freer Collection">
Biblical Manuscripts in the Freer Collection

The Biblical Manuscripts in the Freer Collection, is a collection of six biblical manuscripts, dating from the 3rd to 6th centuries. Most manuscripts are written in Greek, one in Coptic. They are important witnesses of the history of the text of New Testament and Septuagint. 
It was established by Charles Freer (1854–1919), industrialist from Detroit, Michigan. 
The collection is located at the Freer Gallery of Art in Washington. It is a noted collection of biblical manuscripts outside Europe. 
All these manuscripts were purchased at the beginning of the 20th century in Egypt by Charles Freer. 
Four manuscripts were bought on 19 December 1906 from an Arab dealer named Ali in Giza, not afar from Cairo. Freer paid £1,600. 
Upon the next expedition to Egypt, Freer met with Ali and acquired a Coptic codex of the Psalms and the earliest papyrus codex of the Minor Prophets. 
Formerly these manuscripts were held in Detroit, Michigan, in the private collection of Freer. He gave to the United States his art collections and funds for a building to house them. The building cost $1,000,000, all of which was paid by Freer. 
The Freer Gallery of Art was opened in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19944050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944050" title="Japanese escort ship Matsuwa">
Japanese escort ship Matsuwa


</doc>
<doc id="19944062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944062" title="Tales Out of Luck (Me and the Drummer)">
Tales Out of Luck (Me and the Drummer)

Tales Out of Luck (Me and the Drummer) is an album from American country music artist Willie Nelson. It was his first release in the 2000s and 21st century, and released on June 6, 2000, on the Luck Records label. It features Willie Nelson revisiting some of his classic songs from the sixties.
Track listing.
All songs by Willie Nelson, except "Me And The Drummer," by Bill McDavid.

</doc>
<doc id="19944067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944067" title="Winkfield Stakes">
Winkfield Stakes

The Winkfield Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to two-year-old thoroughbreds. It is run at Ascot over a distance of 7 furlongs (1,408 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in July.
The event is named after Winkfield, a village located to the north of Ascot. It was established in 2006, and the inaugural running was won by Satulagi.
The Winkfield Stakes is held at the same meeting as the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Records.
Leading jockey (2 wins):
Leading trainer (2 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="19944068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944068" title="Harding Township">
Harding Township

Harding Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19944083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944083" title="Bergius process and Haber–Bosch process">
Bergius process and Haber–Bosch process

The Bergius process and the Haber-Bosch process were two pioneering methods of high pressure chemistry.
The invention and development of these two processes led to the award of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 1931 to Friedrich Bergius and Carl Bosch.

</doc>
<doc id="19944087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944087" title="Shrivenham railway station">
Shrivenham railway station

Shrivenham railway station was a station on the Great Western Main Line serving the village of Shrivenham in what was then part of Berkshire.
History.
The station was about south of the village, on the west side of the B4000 Station Road, south of the Wilts & Berks Canal.
The main station building was built in 1840. It was very small, faced with flint, had Tudor style windows and a roof that projected in the form of a canopy.
On 10 May 1848 six passengers were killed and 13 injured at Shrivenham when two porters pushed a horse-box and cattle van onto the main line to free a waggon turntable. The Exeter express struck them; the locomotive was undamaged but the side of the leading coach was torn out killing six passengers and injuring 13 more.
On 15 January 1936 an express from Penzance collided with some coal wagons just outside the station that had become detached from an earlier train. Two people were killed and 10 injured.
On 7 December 1964 British Railways withdrew passenger services from Shrivenham and all other intermediate stations between Didcot and Swindon. The station buildings were demolished in 1965 but remnants of the platforms survive.

</doc>
<doc id="19944095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944095" title="Andy Bell (boxer)">
Andy Bell (boxer)

Andy Bell is a British professional boxer from Doncaster in England. He is the former holder of the English and British super flyweight titles.
Early Professional Career.
Andy begun his professional career in November 2004 with a 5th round stoppage over journeyman Steve Gethin at the Mansfield Leisure Center. His next two fights were also held at the same venue and also ended with victories giving him a record of 3-0. A change of venue however coincided with his first loss as a professional losing to fellow prospect Wayne Bloy at the Askern Miners Welfare Club in Askern. A further loss followed the following month in May 2006 when he lost to former victim Steve Gethin, this time it was Bell who ended up getting stopped in the 2nd round. Two more fights in 2006 would end with a win against journeyman Shaun Walton and a loss to prospect Jamie McDonnell. Despite a promising start to his pro career Bell finished 2006 with a disappointing record of 4-3.
English Champion.
Bell's first fight of 2007 was in April and saw him travelling to Shrewsbury where he would compete for the Midlands Area bantamweight title against Neil Marston. For Bell it was his first 10 round fight but it wouldn't end up going the distance when the fight was stopped in the 8th round and Andy Bell was crowned the new Midlands Area champion. Five more fights that year saw Andy claim five more wins and a couple more titles. He beat Mo Khalid to win the British Masters bantamweight title in June and much more significantly stopped Robert Nelson in September to win the English super flyweight crown. In December 2007 he crowned an excellent year by beating former conqueror Wayne Bloy in the first defence of his English crown.
British Champion.
The toughest fight of his career so far took place in March 2008 when Bell fought reigning British champion Chris Edwards for the national super flyweight belt live on Sky Sports. The fight took place at the Barnsley Metrodome and ended with victory for the man from Doncaster who won a unanimous decision over the champion. In November 2008 Bell faced another tough contest when for his first defence he took on former Commonwealth champion Lee Haskins at the Robin Park Center in Wigan again in a bout again shown live on Sky. The fight ended with defeat for Bell as Haskins claimed victory in a close fight over 12 rounds.
Suspension from Boxing.
On 13 January 2009 Andy Bell received a six month ban following a positive drug test which showed traces of cannabis in his system. The test had been taken after the defeat to Haskins and a hearing held to hear the matter took place on 8 January 2009. The case was dealt with by Sports Resolution UK and the Anti-doping panel who decided that Bell was guilty of taking a banned substance. Before the sanction was announced Bell had been due to meet former amateur star Don Broadhurst in a challenge for his Commonwealth title. He returned to the ring on 5 February 2010 only to suffer defeat for the second time in a row to unbeaten prospect Paul Edwards and suffered a further setback, when on 19 March 2009, he was stopped in the first round by the former Bantamweight British title holder Gary Davies at the Leigh sports centre. On 28 May 2010 Bell continued his losing streak, retiring in the 3rd round against John Donnelly in a match up staged at super bantamweight.

</doc>
<doc id="19944098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944098" title="Fruits of Passion">
Fruits of Passion

Fruits of Passion (French: "Les fruits de la passion", Japanese: ) is a 1981 French-Japanese co-production directed by Shūji Terayama and starring Klaus Kinski. The film is loosely based on the novel "Retour à Roissy" by Pauline Réage, written as a sequel to the "Story of O".
Plot.
The lead characters of the "Story of O" and "Retour à Roissy" novels, Sir Stephen and O, are placed in southern China where Sir Stephen owns a casino. Sir Stephen places O in a Chinese brothel for "training" and O is then subjected to a variety of humiliating experiences to prove her unconditional obedience. A sub-plot concerns a coolie rebellion due to the resentment towards Europeans by the local population and a young man desperate to afford O's favors at the brothel.
Release.
The film was released in France on June 3, 1981 as "Les fruits de la passion" and as "Shanghai Ijin Shōkan - China Doll" in Japan with censoring of the pubic areas in November 1981. The USA release as "Fruits of Passion" with English dubbing occurred in November 1982. A version in Japanese with English subtitles on VHS tape and DVD was published as "Fruits of Passion - The Story of "O" Continued" on June 20, 2000. A digitally remastered version of the film was released in Japan in Japanese, English and French with Japanese subtitles in December 2005.
Reception.
Reaction to the film has been mixed, Roberta Novielli described it as "shallow and decadent" and Jasper Sharp calls it "minor Terayama" whose "charms are mainly cosmetic", the costuming, sets and cinematography. Thomas and Yuko Mihara Weisser give the movie three stars out of four but say it is based on the "look" of the film and not on its narrative or coherence.

</doc>
<doc id="19944100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944100" title="Caleb Shaffner">
Caleb Shaffner

Caleb Willoughby Shaffner (February 3, 1845 – August 15, 1932) was a travelling salesman and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Nicteaux, Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, of German descent, and was educated at Acadia College. In 1871, he married Annie Wood. He was a lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. Shaffner lived in Wilmot, Nova Scotia. He died in Truro at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="19944104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944104" title="Marianne et l'Europe series">
Marianne et l'Europe series

The "Marianne et l'Europe" series or "Marianne of Beaujard" series was a definitive postage stamp series, issued on 1 July 2008 in Metropolitan France and the four overseas departments. The design created and engraved by Yves Beaujard marked the beginning of the Presidency of the Council of the European Union by France.
The "Marianne et l'Europe" series replaced the "Marianne des Français series" issued on 10 January 2005.
It was the first France's definitive stamp series to have all its denominations issued as self-adhesive in September 2008.
Description.
Marianne, the allegory of the French Republic, wearing a Phrygian cap, is presented in profile, looking to the left. Stars surrounded her head, evoking the flag of Europe. On of this star is on the usual place of the tricolor cockade.
Genesis.
In October 2007, the President of the Republic Nicolas Sarkozy asked La Poste to organize a competition at the end of whom he would choose the new definitive stamp design of France. The competition topic was "The Marianne and Europe" ("La Marianne et l'Europe"). Fifty-eight artists who recently designed stamps for the French postal service were invited to send their project between 26 October and 16 November 2007. Forty-one were received and brought to the President.
Nicolas Sarkozy chose the project of engraver Yves Beaujard. La Poste's president, Jean-Paul Bailly officially presented the stamp design in Paris, on 29 January 2008.
The artist told he created "a old-fashioned Marianne", "realised a very classical version of the Marianne" and to have "given movement with the haircut" and activity with different size stars put around her head. A professional engraver, he drew with the idea to convert his design into an engraving because the definitive stamps of France has been usually printed in intaglio the past decades. It was the first time since the Liberté de Gandon d'après Delacroix series that a definitive series was designed and engraved by the same artist.
Career.
After a first day sale at the Paris "Salon du timbre" stamp show in June 2008, the first thirteen values were nationwide issued in gummed version and self-adhesive for the three main rates, on 1 July 2008, the first day of the six month Presidency of the Council of the European Union by France. Two twelve self-adhesive stamp booklets (with six "Marianne" stamps and two times tree designed by Beaujard on the "values of Europe": Democracy, Environment and Peace.
During the same stamp show, a five euro silver "Marianne et l'Europe" stamp was issued, with postal validity.
In September 2008, alongside a new offer targeting firm and companies, La Poste issued all "Marianne et l'Europe" denominations in form of self-adhesive stamps, sold in indivisible sheet of one hundred stamps or coil of three hundred.

</doc>
<doc id="19944118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944118" title="Roosevelt Township">
Roosevelt Township

Roosevelt Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19944120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944120" title="Triathlon at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Triathlon at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Triathlon at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held 26 October, 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Results.
Men's individual.
October 26
Women's individual.
October 26

</doc>
<doc id="19944121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944121" title="Beagle Bag">
Beagle Bag

Beagle Bag is a collection of video games for the Apple II family of computers published in 1982 by Beagle Bros Software. In common with their other titles, the "Beagle Bag" software was released in unlocked and unprotected form, and is now in the public domain.
Games.
"Beagle Bag", collectively credited to "Bert Kersey and the Beagle Bros Staff", contains games designed for the Apple II, Apple II+ and Apple IIe computers.
"Buzzword!".
In "Buzzword!", a children's game based on Mad Libs, the computer relates a short story in which certain key words are replaced with blanks. Each time the story reaches a blank, the user selects a letter and the computer then randomly inserts a word from its vocabulary starting with that letter. "Buzzword!" comes with five pre-made stories and also allows users to create their own.
In addition to entering a custom story, the "Beagle Bag" manual also includes instructions about how to edit "Buzzword!"'s vocabulary.
"Elevators".
"Elevators" challenges the player to use four elevators to deliver as many carloads of passengers as possible in a short period of time (5:00 to 5:30). Passengers appear on any of ten different floors in a high-rise building and must be collected by sending one of four elevator cars to the correct floor and back down again. The movement of each car can be controlled separately by three rows of keys: 1, 2, 3 and 4 to move up, A, S, D and F to move down, and Q, W, E and R to stop. Power can also be cut to certain cars, allowing others to move more quickly.
Each carload of passengers delivered to the ground floor earns the player a point. Points are displayed to the left of the building, the time of day to the right.
"Gas Crunch".
This simple game involves taking turns with the computer to remove gas cans from a wall. Both the player and the computer can choose to remove one, two or three cans each time, with the object of not having to take the last remaining can.
"Hang Person".
"Hang Person" is a simple hangman-style game in which the player must guess the letters of a word or short phrase. For each incorrect guess, another piece of the person is drawn in; six incorrect guesses lose the game. "Hang Person" allows a user to play by themselves against the computer, or to enter a word of their own (up to 14 characters) that a second user must guess. Instructions on how to edit the computer's vocabulary of 150 words are given in the manual.
"Magic Pack".
This program acts as an aid to performing four separate magic tricks described in the accompanying manual: "Plenty Questions", in which the computer attempts to guess the object someone's thinking of; "21 Numbers", a number guessing trick; "Next Word", in which the computer and the player create a logical series of words; and "Card Scanner", in which the computer purports to identify a playing card held against the screen.
"Oink!".
"Oink!" is a two-player dice-rolling game with each player taking turns rolling to score points. Players can reroll to achieve better results, but lose their turn if the dice show doubles. First to 200 points wins the game.
A version of "Oink!" was used in experiments conducted in the mid-1980s to test for the existence of psychokinesis, the results of which were published in the Journal of Parapsychology.
"Pick-A-Pair".
Similar to Concentration or Hūsker Dū?, "Pick-A-Pair" is a two-person memory game played on a 4x4 array of 16 numbers, behind each of which is a symbol. Players take turns revealing, two at a time, the symbols behind each number; if the two they pick match, the two are removed and the player earns points equal to the sum of the two numbers. The first player to earn 68 points wins the game.
"Quick-Draw!".
"Quick-Draw!" is a two-player cowboy shoot-out game. Each round the computer selects an abstract "firing symbol" which it displays between the two gunmen, then quickly cycles through various random symbols including the one it selected. If a player fires while the correct symbol is shown and does so quicker than his opponent, he'll win the round. If he fires while the wrong symbol is shown, his opponent get a free shot.
Points are awarded on how quickly players can make successful shots and are displayed beneath each cowboy. Scores rounded off to the nearest whole number appear on each cowboy's hat. First player to 10 points wins.
"Slippery Digits".
This game is a sliding puzzle that challenges the player to sequentially order 15 numbered tiles within a 4x4 playing area using as few moves as possible. "Slippery Digits" has two styles of play: one in which the number of each tile is shown, and another more challenging one in which each numbers begins hidden and only appears when it's in its proper position.
"Sub Search".
In this submarine-hunting game, the player must identify the locations of a random number of submarines hidden within the playing area. The player moves his ship north, south, east or west, and the areas over which the ship travels light up green. If a submarine is within the area through which the ship has moved, it will appear as a black silhouette; moving directly over a submarine marks it as found. To help direct the search, the player can use a sonar-like scanner to faintly reveal where submarines are located.
The player must manage oxygen and fuel supplies, both of which are assigned in random quantities at the beginning of the game and quickly diminish. An "equalizer" balances the two, and a "jump" function allows the player to jump to a random location in the playing area. The final score is based on the percentage of subs found multiplied by one thousand, plus the amount of fuel and oxygen remaining.
"TextTrain".
"TextTrain" is a train simulator that uses a word or other series of letter to represent the cars of a train. The game's object is to couple together a pre-defined series of freight cars and pull them to the Check Station at
the top of the track as quickly as possible. The player can move the train forward or backward around the tracks and onto sidings, open and close switches and couple and uncouple cars. Coupling a car ahead of the engine or driving into a closed switch will derail the train and end the game.
"Triple Digits".
"TripleDigits" is a numbers game for two players. Each player is dealt a set of thirteen digits (0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8); one plays white, the other black. Numbers are placed one at a time in the unoccupied squares of a 9x8 board according to the computer's instructions. Scoring is based on the number that was played and its two adjacent digits, read together as a single number; for instance, a row of 2, 4 and 6 would yield a score of 246. Rows can be vertical, horizontal or diagonal. "TripleDigits" ends when all the numbers have been played or one of the players resigns.
"Wowzo".
The object of "Wowzo" is for each player to move his "man" (represented on the board by the first three letters of his name) through the maze and land on each letter of a five-letter keyword before his opponent does. The letters of the keyword, which is entered by a player at the start of the game, are scattered randomly throughout the maze. Players can move their men left, right, up or down; the man will continue to move in that direction until it hits a wall or encounters one of the letters of the keyword (which grants a free turn).
Each player on his turn can also open or close one of many "gates" in the maze's walls, represented by letters. Doing so can open shortcuts to letters or block one's opponent. The first player to collect all the letters of the keyword wins.
Utilities.
Included in the "Beagle Bag" collection is "Beagle Menu", a configurable disk menu program that offers one-key access to select files.
Other software.
"Beagle Bag" also includes several simple programs that according to the manual "have been gathering dust around here for years."

</doc>
<doc id="19944129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944129" title="Joint Task Force Liberia">
Joint Task Force Liberia

Joint Task Force Liberia was a joint task force formed from August to October 2003 in response to the crisis that developed during the Second Liberian Civil War. The on-going civil war destabilized the area and created a large number of refugees as rebel forces closed in on Monrovia and took over Bushrod Island. As a result, the Freeport of Monrovia closed, causing food shortages.
As the crisis unfolded, U.S. Ambassador to Liberia John W. Blaney requested military assistance. U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld approved deployment of U.S. forces on July 20, 2003 and soon afterwards, the U.S. military established Joint Task Force Liberia.
Formation and deployment of the task force.
In July, Marines from a forward deployed Fleet Antiterrorism Security Team (FAST) left Naval Station Rota, Spain for Liberia. The FAST platoon reinforced the embassy security and began non-combatant evacuation operations. After a month of the platoon of Marines being alone to defend the Embassy Compound, the 26th MEU, which had steamed at full speed for 2 weeks from the coast of Ethiopia finally arrived off shore.
Members of the Southern European Task Force formed the headquarters element of the task force while the Iwo Jima Amphibious Ready Group with the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit provided the operational forces. The Task Force Command Element Forward embarked aboard the USS Iwo Jima (LHD-7) with the intent of keeping a small footprint ashore.
On August 14, 2003, the Iwo Jima Amphibious Ready Group conducted an amphibious operation and landed about 150 Marines at Roberts International Airport and another 50 at the Freeport of Monrovia on Bushrod Island. Nigerian Army forces also deployed as part of an Economic Community of West African States peacekeeping force. The Joint Task Force Liberia and ECOWAS forces quickly stabilized the area and the United Nations brought in humanitarian aid. President Charles Taylor left the country soon afterwards under pressure from the international community, and the stage was set for the arrival of first an ECOWAS interim peacekeeping force, ECOMIL, and then the UN peacekeeping force the United Nations Mission in Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="19944142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944142" title="Gandhi School">
Gandhi School

The Gandhi High School in Pécs, Hungary (in Romani: Gandhi (Mashkarutni Shkola ando Pech)), was founded with donations from several Romani organizations in 1992 to be the first Romani high school and has been running since 1994. It was named after the Indian Mahatma Gandhi, to emphasize the Indian origin of all Romani groups. The purpose of the middle school is to provide a school-leaving exam to improve the prospects of Romani children in Hungary and to foster pride in Romani culture. 
The school is financed by the Hungarian government with additional funds from the EU and donations. The school consists of 6 classrooms where about 250 male and female pupils study, mostly until the ages of 14 to 18. There are also programs for adult education. The first group of pupils who started in 1994 took their school-leaving exam in 2000 and of 18 pupils, 16 have applied to universities and 7 have been taken up. Less than 1% of Romani in Hungary are university graduates. Although the school is open to all, currently only five non-Romani are enrolled.

</doc>
<doc id="19944144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944144" title="List of supernovae">
List of supernovae

This is a list of supernovae that are of historical significance. These include supernovae that were observed prior to the availability of photography, and individual events that have been the subject of a scientific paper that contributed to supernova theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19944154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944154" title="List of C++ template libraries">
List of C++ template libraries

The following list of C++ template libraries details the various libraries of templates available for the C++ programming language.
The Choice of a typical library depends on a diverse range of requirements such as: desired features (for eg: large dimensional linear algebra, parallel computation, partial differential equations), commercial/opensource nature, readability of API, portability or platform/compiler dependence (for eg: Linux, Windows, Visual C++, GCC), performance in speed, ease-of-use, continued support from developers, standard compliance, specialized optimization in code for specific application scenarios or even the size of the code-base to be installed.

</doc>
<doc id="19944159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944159" title="Ford Township">
Ford Township

Ford Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19944166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944166" title="Carter Township">
Carter Township

Carter Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19944178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944178" title="Corona (typeface)">
Corona (typeface)

Corona is a serif typeface, designed by Chauncey H. Griffith, and presented by Mergenthaler Linotype in 1941. It is one of five typefaces in Griffith's 'Legibility Group' which contains typefaces especially well-suited to newsprint. Corona is based on forms of the Ionic type and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of high-speed printing. The font is relatively small, but its narrow widths and large x-height gives an impression of strength and modernity, thus making it a typeface ideal for datasheets and newsletters.
The News 705 typeface by Bitstream team is almost identical to Corona.

</doc>
<doc id="19944200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944200" title="Hard to Hold">
Hard to Hold

Hard to Hold is an album released by Rick Springfield in 1984 as the soundtrack to the movie of the same name. The album included three U.S. Top 40 hits, "Don't Walk Away," "Bop 'Til You Drop," and the top five hit "Love Somebody", with the duet with Randy Crawford, "Taxi Dancing," also charting. The Album was originally released on RCA-Victor as ABL1-4935.

</doc>
<doc id="19944211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944211" title="To Atlanta">
To Atlanta

“To Atlanta” (This is Atlanta) is a single by Edyta Górniak for the 1996 Olympic Games.
Background.
"To Atlanta" was the Polish anthem for the Olympic Games '96 which took place in Atlanta, USA. The single was released exclusively in Poland and was produced for Polish Olympic Foundation. The song has never been released on any of Edyta's albums.
The single cover includes pictures of Edyta (by Marlena Bielińska) as well as various athletes (by IndexStock).

</doc>
<doc id="19944225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944225" title="Julie Wood (comics)">
Julie Wood (comics)

Julie Wood is a comics series drawn and written by French cartoonist Jean Graton. It features the fictional character Julie Wood, who also appeared in some adventures of the comics series "Michel Vaillant". The character was portrayed by German actress Diane Kruger in the 2003 film adaptation of "Michel Vaillant".
Overview.
Founded in 1976 by Jean Graton, this series has all the "mad motorcycle" and other comics fans by the diversity of its stories, but as for Michel Vaillant by extreme scenario precision and realism of his drawings. Julie Wood was regularly published in the comics magazine "Super As". The albums were published from 1976 to 1979 by Dargaud, and in 1979 and 1980 by Fleurus. There were 8 albums plus 2 advertising albums. Then the series stopped in 1980, but the heroine was featured in the series "Michel Vaillant" in 1982, in which she becomes the bride of Steve Warson from the album "Paris-Dakar".

</doc>
<doc id="19944241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944241" title="Peter Daland">
Peter Daland

Peter Daland is a retired swimming coach from the United States. His coaching career spanned over 40 years. Daland graduated from Swarthmore College in 1948 and got his first coaching job at Rose Valley, Pennsylvania, where he won 8 straight Suburban League titles (1947–55). He founded and was first coach of the Suburban Swim Club in Newtown Square, Pa and served as an assistant to Bob Kiphuth at Yale University before deciding to take Horace Greeley's advice and head west in 1956 as coach at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Athletic Club. In 1958, he returned to Yale with 5 USC Freshmen and won the National AAU Team Title from the New Haven Swim Club. 
For 35 years (1957–1992), Daland was the swimming coach for the USC Trojans, where he led the Trojans to 9 NCAA Championships. He also led teams to 14 AAU Men's National titles, and 2 AAU Women's National titles. He is the only coach to have won all three major national team championships -- 8 NCAA, 14 National AAU Men's, and 2 National AAU Women's (LAAC). Specializing in family dynasties, Daland had the good fortune of championships wins from the brothers Devine, Bottoms, Furniss, Orr, and the House brother and sister act. His Trojan teams won more than 160 dual meets with more than 100 individual titles. As of 1974, Daland's record boasted 183 individual national champions. 
Daland also coached the U.S. women's swim team at the 1964 Olympics, where his swimmers won 15 of the 24 medals awarded in women's swim events. He then coached the US men's team at the 1972 Olympics, where his men swimmers won 26 of 45 medals awarded in men's events. In those Olympics, Mark Spitz of the United States had a spectacular run, lining up for seven events, winning seven Olympic titles and setting seven world records. 
Daland currently remains active in the swimming community via his roles/positions with FISU, the International University Sports Federation, and ASCA, the American Swimming Coaches Association. He also is one of the founders of ASCA, and was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1977. The pool of USC's Uytengsu Aquatics Center bears his name.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19944246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944246" title="Durai (film)">
Durai (film)

Dorai is a 2008 Tamil film directed by A. Venkatesh starring Arjun, Kirat Bhattal. It was considered as an average grosser at the Box Office.the film copied from the english movie Gladiator
Plot.
Raja (Arjun) works with a cook Arusuvai Ambi (Vivek). Raja comes across Anjali (Keerat), who catches his interest. She falls for Raja. But Raja cannot remember anything of his past. All he recollects are vague images and memories that disturb him in his sleep. After a sequence of events and chase by rowdies, Raja collects his past.
Raja, a year ago was Dorai, who was the close associate of honest politician Deivanayagam (K Viswanath). Dorai who leads a happy life with his wife (Gajala) and his son, is hesitant to assume the post. Anjali (Keerat), a reporter, pursues him for interviews and falls in love. Deivanayagam is killed and the blame falls on Dorai. His wife and son are murdered. Eventually, Dorai alias Raja takes on his enemies cracks the truth behind Deivanayakam's death. Action oozes all the way.

</doc>
<doc id="19944252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944252" title="Diana Vickers">
Diana Vickers

Diana Vickers (born 30 July 1991) is a British singer-songwriter, actress, fashion designer and model who initially came to public attention as a semi-finalist on "The X Factor" in 2008. In January 2009 Vickers signed a record deal with RCA Records and after touring with her fellow finalists from "The X Factor" until March 2009, began work on her debut album, "Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree", until September 2009.
From October 2009 to January 2010 Vickers played the title role in a West End revival of "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice" for which she won the award for "London Newcomer of the Year" at the Theatregoers' Choice Awards. Vickers' debut single, "Once", charted at number one on the UK Singles Chart after its release on 19 April 2010 and has sold over 220,000 copies in the United Kingdom. Vickers' debut album was released on 3 May 2010 in the United Kingdom achieving number one status on the UK Albums Chart, number seven on the Irish Albums Chart and number four on the European Top 100 Albums, and has been certified Gold by the BPI. "Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree" went on to sell over 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
Her second single, "The Boy Who Murdered Love", charted at number 36 on the UK Singles Chart. This was followed by her third single, "My Wicked Heart", which was released on 17 October 2010 digitally and on 1 November 2010 physically. "My Wicked Heart" peaked at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart, making it Vickers' third consecutive Top 40 single. At the end of 2010, Vickers became RCA's highest grossing domestic artist.
In May 2011 Vickers unveiled her debut fashion line for Very.co.uk titled "Dee V" reinforcing her signature quirky fashion sense. Vickers' distinctive and unique boho-chic approach to fashion has achieved industry praise from prestigious fashion magazines including Grazia, Look, and Harpers Bazaar. Vickers is also the face of make-up and cosmetic range, Collection 2000.
On 31 August 2012, it was reported that Vickers had landed her debut film role alongside Clint Eastwood’s son. The independent film titled "The Perfect Wave" is filmed in Cape Town, South Africa where Vickers re-located from London whilst starring in it. Vickers also appears in a forthcoming comedy series titled "Give Out Girls" for Sky Living, which marks Vickers' debut in television acting.
On 9 April 2013, it was confirmed that the lead single to Vickers' second album is titled "Cinderella", with a preview snippet being made available on iTunes. "Cinderella" was released on 21 July 2013 in the United Kingdom. It broke into the Top 15 of the UK Indie Chart peaking at number 13. Vickers' second album and a single of the same name titled, "Music to Make Boys Cry" followed on 15 September 2013. "Music to Make Boys Cry" charted at number 37 on the UK Albums Chart and number 9 on the UK Indie Chart on 22 September 2013.
Vickers sings "My Favourite Things", a classic song from "The Sound of Music" on the One Direction television advertisement for the launch of their fragrance, "Our Moment".
Early life.
Vickers was born in Blackburn, Lancashire, England. When Vickers reached the age of 16 she originally planned to study hard for her A Levels and either attend drama school or travel to Thailand to find herself. She studied for A Levels in Theatre Studies, Classics and Psychology at Westholme School in Blackburn. Vickers has been singing since the age of 11, taking singing lessons and participating in local competitions, but had never sung professionally.
Music career.
2008–09: "The X Factor" and record deal.
In 2008 Vickers auditioned for the fifth series of "The X Factor", singing "The Blower's Daughter" by Damien Rice where Louis Walsh commented that she resembled a "little hippie" eventually making it to the live shows. Vickers was selected for the live shows and was mentored by Cheryl Cole along with fellow competitors, Alexandra Burke and Laura White.
Vickers' live show performances were often unconventional, attracting both praise and criticism. Judge Simon Cowell likened her to Marmite, saying fans would either love or hate her unusual singing style, stating that he "loved it".
On her first live show Vickers sang U2's "With or Without You". Vickers then covered Michael Jackson's "Man in the Mirror", for which she received nothing but praise with Dannii Minogue describing it as "box fresh" and Simon Cowell remarking she was "the one to beat". The following week Vickers performed Charlie Chaplin's "Smile" which again received much praise and the judges were even more impressed with her version of Blondie's "Call Me".
In week 5 of the live show stages Vickers missed the live show without performing following a bout of laryngitis. She had wanted to perform the Mariah Carey song "Always Be My Baby" up until a few hours before the show, but her doctor advised her not to, saying Vickers could do permanent damage to her vocal cords. This is the first time the producers have ever excused any act from performing.
In week six Vickers returned to the programme performing Coldplay's "Yellow", which received a negative reaction from the judges; Dannii Minogue commented that she did not "love the song choice", while Cowell suggested Vickers was still not well enough to perform. In week seven Vickers performed Take That's "Patience" commenting that she felt one hundred percent once again and hoped to deliver her best performance to date. During the show, guest Gary Barlow offered to sign her if Cowell did not, to which Cowell responded, "We will not be accepting Gary Barlow's kind offer for a recording contract. ] has done fine with me, thank you Gary."
In the week nine semi finals of the competition, Vickers performed Avril Lavigne's "Girlfriend" as her first song and received excellent comments from all the judges, including Cheryl Cole's comment that "she had got that sparkle back". Vickers followed this with Dido's "White Flag" but was subsequently voted out of the competition, resulting in one of the most emotional eliminations in The X Factor history; towards the end of her final performance, Quigg, Burke & JLS all rushed onto the stage for one last tearful hug.
Vickers was the bookies' favourite to win the competition from the second live show for seven consecutive weeks. She was eliminated in the semi final (week nine), achieving fourth place overall. Following the end of the series, she went on tour with the rest of the final eight contestants on The X Factor Live tour between February and March 2009. While on the show, her trademark was to perform in her bare feet. Vickers additionally gained national attention for her hand gestures on stage coining the nickname "The Claw".
After The X Factor it was initially announced that Vickers would be signed by Sony Music under the Syco label along with JLS and Eoghan Quigg but this plan for her to join Syco was later dropped. Instead, she signed to Sony Music's RCA Records. She began work on her debut album, "Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree", in January 2009, commenting that it would not be rushed and that it would be "Diana style". She worked with Cathy Dennis, Eg White, Nerina Pallot, Ellie Goulding, Cass Lowe, Guy Sigsworth, Chris Braide, Savan Kotecha, Starsmith, Alexis Strum, Patrick Wolf and Dev Hynes aka Lightspeed Champion.
2009–10: Debut album and breakthrough.
Vickers' debut single "Once" was written by Cathy Dennis and Eg White and produced by Mike Spencer. The track was released in the United Kingdom on 19 April 2010, after it was playlisted on Radio 1 and the music video premiered via Channel 4's Freshly Squeezed music programme. On 22 April 2010 Vickers performed an acoustic version of "Once" and a cover of Snow Patrol's "Just Say Yes" on "Radio 1's Live Lounge". On 25 April 2010 "Once" entered the UK Singles Chart at number one selling approximately 70,000 copies in its first week of release. In March 2010 Vickers' first leg of the Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree Tour took place, during which she showcased material from the album.
On 15 April 2010 plans for Vickers' second single were confirmed. "The Boy Who Murdered Love" was written and produced by Chris Braide at his studio in London, with lyric contribution from Vickers. The video for the second single was shot in the week commencing 26 April 2010 in London. Vickers embarked on the second leg of her UK Tour in May 2010 promoting her newly released album, Songs From The Tainted Cherry Tree, which on 9 May 2010 charted at number one on the UK Albums Chart selling approximately 36,000 copies in its first week of release. On 25 July 2010 the album returned to the upper reaches of the UK Albums Chart, rising 29 places from number 42 to number 13.
On 23 May 2010 Vickers performed an acoustic version of "The Boy Who Murdered Love" and Biffy Clyro's "Many of Horror" at Radio 1's Big Weekend. Vickers released her second single, "The Boy Who Murdered Love", on 18 July 2010 and it peaked at number 36 on the UK Singles Chart.
Vickers' performed "Once", "The Boy Who Murdered Love" and debut album tracks "N.U.M.B" and "Notice" for a live session for MTV. On 28 July 2010 iTunes released an exclusive EP of Vickers performing at the 2010 iTunes Festival. It included singles "Once", "The Boy Who Murdered Love", album tracks "Notice", "My Hip", a cover of Snow Patrol's "Just Say Yes", but did not include album track "Put It Back Together" nor "You'll Never Get to Heaven", which she also performed.
Vickers appeared at many festivals throughout Summer 2010, including the 2010 V Festival, The Live Lounge Stage at Radio 1's Big Weekend 2010, Stoke Festival, T4 on the Beach, T in the Park, 2010 Oxygen Festival, iTunes Festival, 2010 Sundae Festival and 2010 Freedom Festival, promoting her debut album. Vickers also supported Mika at the Eden Sessions in 2010.
On 31 August 2010 Vickers participated in a live Ustream video chat in which she confirmed that her third single would be a brand new track titled "My Wicked Heart" co-written by Vickers and songwriters Dee Adams and James Earp and also produced by them. The track features Vickers playing the trumpet. The single received its first radio play on 12 September 2010 by Tom Deacon on The 5:19 Show. "My Wicked Heart" was digitally released on 17 October 2010 and physically released on 7 November 2010. The video for "My Wicked Heart" premiered on ITV2 at 6.55 pm on 2 October 2010; it features Vickers in a circus tent with gymnasts and drummer boys.
On 16 October 2010 it was reported that Red Hot Chili Peppers was considering legal action over similarities between the chorus of the band's well known song "Under The Bridge" and "My Wicked Heart". Vickers admitted in an interview that she had been listening to "Under The Bridge" shortly before working on "My Wicked Heart" and had noticed but decided to ignore the similarities. On 17 October 2010 Vickers returned to The X Factor stage, two years after she was last there, to perform "My Wicked Heart".
In an interview with Digital Spy she announced the possibility of "Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree" getting a solely digital download re-release. She also stated "I've been writing so much and got so many tracks under my belt. I think I'm very close to ready for the second album actually." Vickers embarked on a UK radio tour to promote "My Wicked Heart", which started on 18 October 2010 and ended on 24 October 2010. On 24 October "My Wicked Heart" charted at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart, number 12 on the Scottish Singles Chart and number 22 on the Irish Singles Chart selling 50,000 copies to date. Vickers' fourth leg of the Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree Tour began on 8 November 2010, touring the UK and for the first time, Ireland where Vickers showcased "More Than This", a previously unheard track, to promote her second album.
2010–13: "Music to Make Boys Cry" and new label.
In June 2010 Vickers announced that she had started preparing songs for a second album. In an interview with Orange Music, Vickers revealed that the new direction would be "sexy", "adventurous" and inspired and influenced by indie and rock music, citing the works of The xx, The Doors, Siouxsie and the Banshees and Björk. Vickers has co-written material with Nerina Pallot (who penned "Put It Back Together" for Vickers' debut album), Eg White (who co-wrote "Once"), Starsmith, Chris Braide and Dee Adam (who co-wrote "My Wicked Heart" with Vickers). On 6 January 2011 Vickers travelled to Los Angeles, United States, to co-write material with John Shanks and Diane Warren. On 15 January 2011 Vickers played her debut gig in the United States at Cherry Pop in West Hollywood promoted via Perez Hilton.
In March 2011 it was announced that Vickers has been collaborating with Starsailor front-man James Walsh indicating a heavier and rockier direction for her second album. Vickers made a second visit to Los Angeles on 14 March 2011 to do further studio work with John Shanks. On 30 June 2011 Vickers revealed on her official Tumblr account that she had parted company with RCA Records due to creative differences. She went on further to assure her fans that the second album is still proceeding and that she is proud of it. It was uncertain whether Vickers would be signed to a new record label or would release her album independently.
On 1 July 2011 it was reported that the mutual separation between Vickers and RCA was due to musical direction where Vickers wanted to pursue a more indie, less-commercial route. On 22 July 2013, Vickers further added that her departure from the Sony music umbrella was due to a "relationship breakdown" following Craig Logan stepping down at RCA who originally signed Vickers. On 13 July 2011 Popjustice reviewed three tracks from Vickers' second album titled, "Boy In Paris", "Cinderella" and "Music to Make Boys Cry" commenting that the songwriting standard was extremely high and that, "the tunes – the melodies – are huge". The article presented how the three tracks were a result of studio sessions with Donkeyboy and Miranda Cooper.
On 9 December 2011 Vickers released a promotional demo version of "Music to Make Boys Cry" for free download on her website. The song boasted a deeper electronic and indie pop sound than her previous work. A week later, "Kiss of a Bullet", a second promotional track, was released free of charge by asking fans to publish a Twitter or Facebook post to gain access to the download. On 8 and 9 February 2012, Vickers showcased material from her second album in a mini-tour at The Ruby Lounge in Manchester and Cargo in Shoreditch, London. Songs performed by Vickers were: "Music to Make Boys Cry", "Kiss Of A Bullet", "Boy In Paris", "Lightning Strikes", "Better In French", "Dead Heat" and "Smoke".
Vickers' second album, titled "Music to Make Boys Cry" was released on 15 September 2013, later than anticipated due to Vickers starring in an independent film titled "The Perfect Wave". She signed a new worldwide record deal with So Recordings in early 2013. Vickers discussed that her new label, So, pay close attention to her music and are supportive. On 9 April 2013, Vickers' lead single "Cinderella" from her second album was made available for pre-order on iTunes, with a release date of 21 July 2013. On 24 July 2013, Vickers unveiled the tracklisting and album artwork for "Music to Make Boys Cry". Vickers uploaded the music video on YouTube for the second single to serve the album, the title track itself, on 4 August 2013 with the same release date as the album. Vickers promoted the album at a number of Summer festivals in the United Kingdom, some in support of Olly Murs. Vickers' 2013 festival appearances include, T in the Park, V Festival, Festival Too and Liverpool International Music Festival. Additionally, Vickers' 2013 television appearances in support of her music include "This Morning", "Daybreak", "Loose Women" and "Sunday Brunch". The album charted at number 37 on the UK Albums Chart and number 9 on the UK Indie Chart on 22 September 2013.
Work with other artists.
Vickers co-wrote the Enrique Iglesias and Jennifer Lopez single "Mouth 2 Mouth" for Iglesias's reissue album "Euphoria Reloaded".
On 18 April 2013, Vickers appeared as the lead role in a music video for Leeds rock band Dinosaur Pile-Up. The single is titled "Derail". In the music video, Vickers plays the part of a kidnapped girl who subsequently kills a man in the shower after the kidnapping. The video was filmed in Los Angeles.
In August 2013, Vickers recorded a cover of Disney song "The Beauty and the Beast" with Susan Boyle. Vickers was featured singing on the One Direction television advertisement for the launch of their fragrance, "Our Moment". Vickers sings a cover of "My Favourite Things", a classic song from The Sound of Music.
Artistry.
Vickers' musical style scopes from simple folk-tinged, keyboard and guitar based ballads to more up-tempo indie rock and synth-based songs with full band backing. Her musical style has been compared to Kate Bush, Ellie Goulding, Dido, and Dolores O'Riordan. Vickers additionally showcases a quirky and idiosyncratic style of singing often described as breathy, raspy and hiccupy. Vickers has cited an array of influences including Florence + The Machine, Kate Bush, Regina Spektor, Kings of Leon, Frou Frou, Sinéad O'Connor and The Sundays. Vickers commented on her musical style and career saying:
Discussing the musical style of her forthcoming second album, Vickers declared that she had been inspired by indie and rock music to experiment with different sounds. Vickers has stated that the music of The xx, The Doors, Siouxsie and the Banshees and Björk has influenced her latest work.
Apart from Vickers' musical style, she is well known for her unique and kooky boho-chic and hippie-influenced appearance. Vickers' trademark style includes messy, back-combed "bird's nest" hair and vintage inspired clothing where she is often seen wearing outfits from London's Brick Lane, Camden and Beyond Retro. Vickers' fashion icons are Brigitte Bardot and Marilyn Monroe. Vickers has encouraged dedicated fashion blogs documenting her latest attire and has been labelled a fashionista in the making by Grazia. On 29 October 2009 Vickers was awarded "Fashionista of the Week" in The Guardian and on 3 June 2010, Vickers was nominated for "Best Dressed Woman of The Year" at The Clothes Show Style Awards 2010.
Other ventures.
Acting career.
Vickers made her professional acting debut in the title role of a new revived West End production of Jim Cartwright's "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice" on 8 October 2009 at the Vaudeville Theatre, on The Strand, London. She played Little Voice, who hides a talent as an impersonator of singers such as Shirley Bassey, Edith Piaf and Judy Garland.
Mark Owen of Take That wrote "Sunlight", the final song in the play for Vickers to sing. "Sunlight" was featured as a B-Side for her debut single, "Once". 
Vickers took a break from recording her debut album to star in the production. Vickers' performance received more positive reviews than any other show of that year.
Vickers' performance received a good review in "The Guardian" in which they said that "[Vickers'] singing is impressive, we were surprised at her vocal abilities." Her stint was deemed "magical" in "The Daily Telegraph". Quentin Letts of the "Daily Mail" also gave a positive review of Vickers' performance. She won the Whatsonstage.com Theatregoers' Choice Award "London Newcomer of the Year" in February 2010 for her performance, with 34.5% of the vote out of 7 other competitors.
On 31 August 2012, it was announced that Vickers had landed a debut independent film role alongside Clint Eastwood’s son to be filmed in Cape Town, South Africa. Vickers moved to South Africa to start filming. Vickers stated, "It's a lot about surfing and it's to do with the power of life and death. It's quite interesting. I'm going to learn how to surf." On 22 August 2012, Vickers told Press Association at V Festival's Virgin Media Louder Lounge that despite completion of her second album, its release was on hold whilst Vickers starred in the surfing film. On 6 September 2012, Vickers confirmed in a tweet that the film is titled, "The Perfect Wave". The Internet Movie Database confirms that the film will be released in 2013 whereby Vickers plays a character titled "Kim".
On 2 May 2013, Sky Living confirmed that Vickers had signed to appear in a six-part comedy series titled Give Out Girls, which marks Vickers' debut in television acting. The series will follow the endeavours and lives of a group of promotions girls. Vickers plays "Gemma", the baby of the group, who is bright and enthusiastic with a naive view of the world. The series starts filming in and around Manchester in May 2013 and is distributed internationally by BBC Worldwide.
Vickers plays the role of Holly in the new play The Duck House by Dan Patterson and Colin Swash, starring alongside Ben Miller, Nancy Carroll and Simon Shepherd. The show is a farcical political satire based on the 2009 UK parliamentary expenses scandal.
Fashion line.
On 20 May 2011 Vickers launched an eight-piece clothing collection for Very.co.uk titled "Dee V". The debut collection ranged from £20 to £99 for items including sequin dresses adorned with blossom, bird and dog prints, cotton tees and wide leg jeans. On 24 August 2011 Vickers announced that she would be launching a competition to celebrate her weekly "Vickers Wicked Wednesday" event. The winner would receive the mini sequin dress from her collection, worth £99. On 26 August she announced the winner via her Tumblr blog. After a best-selling debut range, Vickers launched a second collection for Very.co.uk on 13 July 2011. The second collection is inspired by the fashionable television series "Mad Men" and emphasises Vickers' uniquely iconic style. On 1 September 2011 Vickers tweeted that a further collection was designed for her "Dee V" for Very range exclusively for the Christmas period which went on sale from September 2011. A faux-fur knitted dress and a leather biker jacket were among Vickers' Christmas statement pieces.
In September 2011 Vickers posted on her Tumblr blog that she would be the face of Collection 2000s autumn and winter capsule make-up line. Vickers helped select products for the range, which includes mascaras, smoky eyeshadows, false lashes and bright lipsticks. It goes on sale in Boots and Superdrug stores in the United Kingdom from 28 September 2011. As part of the campaign, Vickers ran a competition on her blog to win a bag full of Collection 2000 products.
Philanthropy.
In March 2010 Vickers supported JLS for a charity performance in aid of Teenage Cancer Trust at the Royal Albert Hall in London to raise money for teenagers who are suffering from cancer. In July 2010 Vickers performed at a charity event "Give Tilly a Hand", helping to raise funds in a charity evening for meningitis victim Tilly Lockley. For anti-bullying week 2010 in the UK, Vickers uploaded a video to her official website encouraging young people to stand up to bullies. In August 2010 Vickers wrote a column in The Sun newspaper opposing the use of drugs and legal highs after witnessing disturbing effects of people "out of control" at the UK summer festival circuit warning that, "just because a drug is legal, you cannot assume it is safe." In an interview with Now Magazine Vickers announced that since rising to fame she has been offered drugs but will always say no to them concluding, "I've never tried them and I'm very proud of that." On 28 September 2010 Vickers played an intimate gig as part of the month long "Oxjam Festival" which raised money in support of charity Oxfam.
On 10 March 2011 Vickers launched an eBay competition accredited on behalf of Comic Relief which encouraged people to place bids where the highest bidder at the end of the charity auction wins Vickers as a Twitter "best friend". The winning bidder gets followed and regularly mentioned on the social networking website by Vickers over a 90-day period where proceeds from the winning bid raises money for Red Nose Day to help vulnerable, poor and disadvantaged people in the UK and Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19944273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944273" title="Love and Money (film)">
Love and Money (film)

Love and Money, also known as Love & Money, is a 1982 American drama film directed by James Toback and starring Ray Sharkey.
Plot.
Byron Levin works in a California bank. He becomes infatuated with Catherine Stockheinz, the wife of his billionaire boss.
Frederic Stockheinz has a million-dollar offer to make. He asks Byron to go to the republic of Costa Salva to offer a business proposition to the dictator there, Lorenzo Prado, who just happens to be Byron's old college roommate. Matters become further complicated when Frederic's wife and Byron begin an affair.
Production.
Toback wrote the script for Warren Beatty and Pauline Kael came on board the project of the producer on the understanding Beatty would star. However Beatty dropped out, as did Kael, and Toback made the film with Ray Sharkey who he later called "the wrong actor".

</doc>
<doc id="19944288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944288" title="Lanškroun Pond Nature Park">
Lanškroun Pond Nature Park

Lanškroun Pond Nature Park was established in 1990 as a place for relaxation and sports activities. It also has an importance in terms of biological and aesthetic preervation. The park encompasses 243 ha and extends around the area of Lanškroun. Olšový, Pšeničkův, Slunečný and Plockův being the most important ponds. These ponds provide quiet spots for fishing. The area of Lanškroun Ponds is an important nesting place for migratory birds. The Common Snipe, Little Bittern, White and Black Stork, Water Rail, Osprey, Great Reed Warbler and many duck species being among the most endangered ones. One can also see European Crayfish, Alpine Newt, European and Green Toad, European Tree Frog and other species of amphibians. Flora is typical for damp areas and include the Yellow Iris, White Water Lilly, Western Marsh Orchid, Bugbean, Spring Snowflake and other species.

</doc>
<doc id="19944291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944291" title="Love and Money">
Love and Money

Love and Money may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19944294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944294" title="Spiritual warrior">
Spiritual warrior

The term spiritual warrior is used in Buddhism for one who combats the universal enemy: self-ignorance (avidya), the ultimate source of suffering according to Buddhist philosophy.
Different from other paths, which focus on individual salvation, the spiritual warrior's only complete and right practice is that which compassionately helps other beings with wisdom. This is the Bodhisattva ideal (the "Buddha-in-waiting"), the spiritual warrior who resolves to attain buddhahood in order to liberate others.
The term is also used generically in esotericism and self-help literature.
Shakyamuni Buddha.
The Agganna Sutta elaborates a history of the world in which the Buddha’s monks and nuns, and the warrior caste from which the Buddha came, are superior to brahmins, who were known for class discrimination. The Buddha’s Shakyan clan context was for warrior-like assembly for brahmins-bashing at that time.
The Shakyans maybe considered a warrior-dominated republican federation, called the "sangha", with an aristocratic democratic tradition comparable to the Greeks. The Buddha's father was the Speaker of their Congress. In the Buddha's day, this government system was being culturally displaced by the brahminic caste and their religious ideology. Spreading imperial monarchies were destroying the Shakyans with their military power.
The Buddha pioneered the establishment of democratic procedures for the monastic sangha, such as regular meetings with secret ballots, subcommittees and minority group rights to schism. He attempted to preserve his Shakyan clan's tradition, which was ideal for human liberation achievement. In the Agganna, the Buddha says that the monks and nuns have become "children of the Shakyans", the Enlightened One's sons and daughters, and children of the truth. The monastic Sangha was a spiritual warriors society, within a historic conflict of the brahmins struggle. They were heirs to the Buddha's warrior caste’s aristocratic virtues which are related democratic progress.
Tibetan origins.
Tibetan monastic rule derived from a feudal warrior clan society, which was transformed into a spiritual warrior society. While the rest of the world followed feudalistic warrior development during the medieval period throughout Europe and Asia, Tibet uniquely established Lamaism. This was centered around a Buddhist social revolution originating distinctly from India's Hinduism and finding root in Tibet. The Lama (teacher) is a living Buddha for Tibetans who provides a powerful bridge between real and imaginary consciousness worlds, where the self is methodically dissolved into the whole's benefit by tantra practice.
Tibetans imported this order to help change their society to one based on education, social welfare, peaceful progress, with a self renouncing monastic class of rulers. The monastic sanga (community) were supported and organized like a military; however, they were set on a self-discovery yogic mission for reconnaissance to perfect and develop methods in eliminating ego suffering. 
Tibetan Buddhists advanced a form of non-hereditary succession of title and land based on reincarnation, which presented living proof that their methods succeeded by extraordinary means. It also ensured that young leaders were well-trained in the monastic canon and it avoided deadly heir feuds seen in the heritable practices within feudalism. Tibetan monastics eschewed materialistic and economic progress for want of virtual visualizations. Monastic warriors were focused on accepting and perpetuating life in contrast to defending or attacking it.
In a highly celebrated and unique victory, Tibetan monastic warriors overcame the native Bon practices which then encompassed services for all of life's needs (birth, marriage, healthcare, death and spirit exorcism) by incorporating them into their own practices. New Buddhist spiritual technology was integrated with the existing Bon methods, as contrasted with oppression methods seen in other warrior techniques. Transformation and re-purposing of military-warrior symbolism and strategy into new codified tactics within Buddhist practice was a recurring metaphorical theme.
The society flourished to produce one of the best assemblies of peaceful enlightened self-knowledge known to human kind. When modern Chinese communist military economic industrial forces swept into dismantle and uproot it based on monarchic upheaval, this caused a spread of the seeds of this spiritual warrior way throughout the rest of world, which are now taking root in new democratic forms. 
Displaced Tibetans tend to remain loyal to their exiled leaders and lineage of teachers.
Chogyam Trungpa.
Chogyam Trungpa teaches the way of the spiritual warrior. 
The spiritual warrior archetype helps to constructively answer questions about aggression and competition with a healthy direction. Unlike the soldier character, the spiritual warrior is in touch with the joy, the sadness, the expansiveness in their heart; able to share and give it to others. The warrior knows about death and seizes the day. They have learned to let go with forgiveness and avoids chasing others in revenge. The warrior commits to growing the heart and soul in becoming a creative being. The warrior serves in love of strangers and gives generously while giving to themselves. The spiritual warrior seeks to change others with rational and compassionate decision-making in service of a higher goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19944296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944296" title="Partners in Flight">
Partners in Flight

Partners in Flight / Compañeros en Vuelo / Partenaires d’Envol is an organization launched in 1990 in response to growing concerns about declines in the populations of many land bird species, and in order to emphasize the conservation of birds not covered by existing conservation initiatives. The initial focus was on neotropical migrants, species that breed in the Nearctic (North America) and winter in the Neotropics (Central and South America), but the focus has spread to include most land birds and other species requiring terrestrial habitats. The central premise of Partners in Flight (PIF) has been that the resources of public and private organizations in North and South America must be combined, coordinated, and increased in order to achieve success in conserving bird populations in this hemisphere. PIF supports education initiatives and is a title sponsor of International Migratory Bird Day.
Partners in Flight is a cooperative effort involving partnerships among federal, state and local government agencies, philanthropic foundations, professional organizations, conservation groups, industry, the academic community, and private individuals. All Partners in Flight meetings at all levels are open to anyone interested in bird conservation. The 5th International Partners in Flight Conference and Conservation Workshop: Advancing Bird Conservation Across the Americas will take place August 25–28, 2013 in Snowbird, Utah.
Partners in Flight mission.
The Partners in Flight mission is expressed in three related concepts:
Helping Species at Risk - Species must be conserved before they become imperiled. Allowing species to become threatened or endangered results in long-term and costly recovery efforts whose success is far from guaranteed. Endangered species must not only be protected from extinction but must be recovered to once again play their roles in ensuring the future of healthy ecosystems.
Keeping Common Birds Common - Common native birds, both resident and migratory, must remain common throughout their natural ranges. These species comprise the core of our avian diversity and are integral to the integrity of the ecosystems of which they are a part.
Voluntary Partnerships for Birds, Habitats and People - Conservation of land birds and their habitats is not a task that can be undertaken alone. Partnerships must be formed with others who are working for conservation on the same landscapes as well as those who depend on those landscapes for their economic and social well-being. The conservation of natural systems is fundamentally necessary for life on earth, including that of humans.
Working Groups.
There are several working groups for Partners in Flight. The international group comprises members from the Caribbean, Canada, and Latin America. In the United States there are four working groups. Each has a chair and a committee structure that generally parallels that of the national technical working groups (i.e., research, monitoring and inventory, communications, education, and international). The regional working group’s mission is to develop a regional strategy for the conservation of birds within their respective regions by developing Bird Conservation Plans that identify problems, synthesize information, and generate solutions to be used by resource professionals and the general public. Regional working groups foster communication, coordination, and cooperation among agencies, organizations, academic institutions, and individuals interested in conserving birds within their respective regions.
Regions are defined by the states, territories, and countries listed below; note that some are in two regions by their request.

</doc>
<doc id="19944298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944298" title="Cai Qian">
Cai Qian

Cai Qian (1761–1809) (; pinyin:Cài Qiān) was a Chinese sea merchant, considered by some a pirate during the Qing Dynasty era.
Biography.
Cai Qian was born in Tong'an District, Fujian Province, China. Facing starvation, he became a pirate in 1794. At the height of his power, he and Cheung Po Tsai commanded hundreds of ships and thousands of pirates; he was Tsai's mate. They predated others on the seas of Fujian, Guangdong and Taiwan Strait and came to be considered a major threat to Chinese political stability. Because the British businessmen sold English guns to Tsai, the Qianlong Emperor became angry with the British. The Qianlong Emperor blamed George Macartney over this issue, leading to Chinese hostility towards the United Kingdom during the Chinese Rites controversy. In 1799, Cai married a weapons expert who spoke English. Her expertise may have been beneficial to their accumulation of wealth. Some diaries say her name was Lin Yuyau (林玉腰) and that she had lived in Fangyuan, Changhua, Taiwan.
In 1802, Cai occupied Xiamen's guns bases.
In 1804 and 1805 Cai and Tsai twice attacked Taiwan's provincial capital of Tainan but were defeated. In the battle of 1804, Tsai defeated the Qing fleet from Wenzhou. Within the next four years he fought many battles against Tsai and Cai, vowing to destroy their fleets.
In January 1808, Fujian and Zhejiang admirals nearly destroyed their fleet near Hong Kong through a battle which lasted one day and night. They succeeded in defeating their enemies, causing Qing's navy to begin fearing Tsai and Cai.
In 1809, Wang Delu, now the Captain General of Fujian Navy, surrounded Cai Qian off the coast of Wenzhou (溫州) in Zhejiang. Lacking the strength to escape the encirclement, Cai committed suicide by shooting himself with a golden bullet. Rumours claim that Cai had a great treasure which was hidden on Matsu Islands: it had never been found to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19944322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944322" title="Metabolic risk score">
Metabolic risk score

Metabolic risk score (MRS) is a measurement which be used to calculate the metabolism risk.

</doc>
<doc id="19944331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944331" title="Indigenous All Stars (rugby league)">
Indigenous All Stars (rugby league)

The Indigenous Australian rugby league team (also known as the Indigenous All Stars or Indigenous Dreamtime team) is a rugby league football team that represents Indigenous Australians & Torres Strait Islanders. The team was first formed in 1973 and currently plays in an annual All Stars Match against a National Rugby League All Stars team.
History
The first Aboriginal v white Australian Rugby League game within Australia was held in Barcaldine in Western Queensland in 1963. These 'Blacks v Whites' games continued annually until 1984. 
The first Australian Aboriginal rugby league team was assembled in 1973 for a February match against Auckland club Te Atatu, which the Aboriginal side won 17–13.
The side competed in the Pacific Cup in 1990, 1992 and 1994. During this period the team contained New South Wales Rugby League first grade players such as Ricky Walford, Graham Lyons, Ron Gibbs, Darrell Trindall, Paul Davis, Wayne Alberts, George Longbottom and Will Robinson.
In the post-1999 NRL season an Aboriginal side managed by Arthur Beetson defeated the Papua New Guinea Kumuls and the future rugby league Immortal was pushing for an Australia Day match against the Australian national team.
Indigenous players and squads.
Current Indigenous players at top Level Rugby League in Australia.
Indigenous players in National Rugby League = 56.
South Sydney Rabbitohs 8 - Greg Inglis, Nathan Merrit, Dylan Walker, Beau Champion, Nathan Peats, Dylan Farrell, Greg Waddell, Kyle Turner, 
Brisbane Broncos 7 - Ben Barba, Sam Thaiday, Josh Hoffman, Justin Hodges, Jharal Yow Yeh, Joe Bond, Liam Georgetown
Gold Coast Titans 7 - Greg Bird, Jamal Idris, Ryan James, Albert Kelly, Aiden Sezer, Marmin Barba, Maurice Blair
Canberra Raiders 6 - Tom Learoyd lahrs, Joel Thompson, Reece Robinson, Blake Ferguson, Jack Wighton, Jake Foster
Newcastle Knights 6 - Tyrone Roberts, Timana Tahu, Dane Gagai, Travis Waddell Adrian Davies, Will Smith (rugby league)
North Queensland Cowboys 5 - Johnathon Thurston, Matt Bowen, Ray Thompson, Robert Lui, Anthony Mitchell
Penrith Panthers 3 - Brad Tighe, James Roberts, Tyrone Peachey
Parramatta Eels 3 - Chris Sandow, Luke Kelly, Will Tonga 
Cronulla Sutherland Sharks 3 - Andrew Fifita, David Fifita, Jonthan Wright
Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs 1 - Joel Romelo 
Melbourne Storm 3 - Will Chambers, george rose, Travis Robinson 
New Zealand Warriors 1 - Dane Neilson 
Sydney Roosters 1 - Jake Friend 
West Tigers 0 -
St George Illawarra 0 -
Manly Sea Eagles 0 -
Indigenous players in New South Wales Cup 2013 = 24.
North Sydney Bears 5 - Nathan Peats, Kyle Turner, Dylan Farrell, Greg Waddell, Latu Fifita, Tyrone Phillips
Newcastle Knights 3 - Adrian Davies, Will Smith, Timana Tahu
Windsor Wolves 2 - Travis Robinson, James Roberts  
Mounties Group 2 - Jake Foster, Michael Bani
Cronulla Sutherland Sharks 2 - Tyrone Peachey, David Fifita
Newtown Jets 2 - Yilleen Gordan, Justin Carney
Manly Sea Eagles 2 - George Rose, Esi Tonga
Illawarra Cutters 1 - Evander Cummings
Wentworthville Magpies 2 - Luke Kelly, Chris Sandow
Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs 1 - Joel Romelo  
Wyong Roos 1 - Daine Laurie
Auckland Vulcans 0 - 
Balmain Ryde Tigers 0 - 
Indigenous players in Intrust Super Cup 2013 = 21.
RedCliffe Dolphins 3 - joe Bond, Liam Georgetown, derrick Watkins, 
Ipswich Jets 7 - Khan Ahwang, Ian Lacey, Keiron Lander, Kurtis Lingwoodcock, Donald Malone, Mervyn Walker, Javen White
East Tigers 2 - Malcom Webster, Jamie Simpson 
Northern Pride 3 - Ty Williams, Rod Jensen, Hezron Murgha
North Devils 2 - Jarah Yow Yeh, Chris Binge
South Logan Magpies 2 - Travis waddell, Phil Dennis
Mackay Cutters 2 - Ben Jones, Chris Grevsmuhl
Tweed Head Seagulls 1 - Ryan James
Central Capras 0 -
Burleigh Bears 0 -
Sunshine Coast Sea Eagles 0 - 
Wynnum Manly Seagulls 0 - 
Indigenous players in Holden Cup Under 20s 2013 = 20.
South Sydney Rabbitohs U20 3 - Sam Gerry Burgess, Tyrone Phillips, Christian Hazzards, 
Penrith Panthers U20 3 - James Roberts, Nikko Roberts, Keirran Moseley
Newcastle Knights U20 3 - Stephen Widders, Khaele Bowen, Kelven Lowe
Canberra Raiders U20 2- Eli Roberts, Matthew Allwood
Brisbane Broncos U20 2 - Travis Peeters, Dylan Duncan
Melbourne Storms U20 2 - Corey Mcgrady, Dane Chang
North Queensland Cowboys U20 2 - Javen Bowen, Jayden Hodges
St George Illawarra U20 1 - Craig Garvey
Sydney Roosters U20 1 - Shaquille Blair
Conulla Sutherland Sharks U20 1 - Michael Lichaa
Gold Coast Titans U20 1 - Caleb Binge
Canterbury Bulldogs 0 -
Parramatta Eels 0 -
New Zealand Warriors 0 -
Manly Sea Eagles
West Tigers 0 -
Dreamtime Team.
As part of the official opening of the 2008 World Cup on 26 October, the "Dreamtime Team" played a commemorative match against the New Zealand Māori side which the Dreamtime Team won, 34–26. The match was called the "Welcome to the Country match".
2008 team.
Head Coach: Neil Henry ()
All Stars.
Preston Campbell, a highly respected aboriginal rugby league player, was a driving force behind the setup, in 2010, of a curtain raising match between the Indigenous All Stars, and the NRL All Stars. The Indigenous All Stars played what seems likely become an annual match against the National Rugby League All Stars on 13 February 2010. The squad was chosen in part by public vote. Aboriginal NRL player Sid Domic's artistic ability led him to be selected from a field of six artists to design the Indigenous side's jersey, as well as Johnathan Thurston's and Jamie Soward's custom headgear, for the annual All Stars matches.
The Indigenous All Stars won the game.
Team of the Century (1908–2007).
In 2008 the Australian Rugby League announced the Indigenous Australian rugby league team of the century. When the team was announced the only current players were Greg Inglis (), Johnathan Thurston (), and Sam Thaiday ().

</doc>
<doc id="19944378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944378" title="Bernard Privat">
Bernard Privat

Bernard Privat (1914-1985) was a French writer and editor.
Biography.
Bernard Privat received the Prix Femina for "Au pied du mur" in 1959.
He was also in charge of the éditions Grasset for over twenty-five years. As Bernard Grasset's nephew, Bernard Privat took the job in 1954. In 1967, along with his friend Jean-Claude Fasquelle, he merged his publishing company with the éditions Fasquelle. He would go on to publish authors such as Yves Berger, François Nourissier, Françoise Mallet-Joris, Matthieu Galey, Françoise Verny, and Edmonde Charles-Roux, who received the Prix Goncourt with "Oublier Palerme". Bernard Privat left his job at the éditions Grasset in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19944386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944386" title="FK Radnik Bijeljina">
FK Radnik Bijeljina

FK Radnik (Cyrillic: ФК Радник Биjeљинa) is a football club playing in the city of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The club won its first First League of the Republika Srpska title in 1998-99, and the second in 2004-05, after which the club was promoted to the newly formed Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
The club was relegated from the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the 2006-07 season. 
Under the leadership of manager Darko Nestorović, in the 2011-12 season the club once again won the title in the First League of the Republika Srpska and won a second promotion to Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The name "Radnik" means worker.
History.
The first football was brought to Bijeljina in 1916. The first football club was FK Podrinje which was formed in 1919. Later other clubs were formed such as FK Zora in 1920, FK Građanski in 1923, and FK Semberija in 1935. After the end of World War II, FK Radnik was formed.
1945-1990.
FK Radnik was founded on 14 June 1945. It didn't take long for FK Radnik Bijeljina to win their first trophy. In 1948 they became champions of Tuzla District beating FK Sloboda Tuzla in the final. A year later, FK Radnik reached the 1/16 round of the Yugoslav Cup. In 1957 FK Radnik entered into the Novi Sad/Srem zone (regional league). In 1971/72, FK Radnik became champions of the regional Republic League of Bosnia and Herzegovina and they entered a playoff for a place in the Yugoslav Second League. FK Radnik played FK Sloga from Vukovar in the playoff where FK Radnik won both matches, 4-0 in Bijeljina and 8-0 in Vukovar. FK Radnik entered the 2nd League of Yugoslavia playing against clubs such as FK Proleter Zrenjanin and FK Bečej.
Another great achievement of Radnik Bijeljina was when the junior team won the Bosnia and Herzegovina Cup in 1987. In the semi-final FK Radnik beat FK Velež Mostar in Mostar by 5-2. In the final FK Radnik beat FK Polet Bosanski Brod in penalties to win the trophy.
1990s.
From 1995 to 1997 the club was called FK Panteri Bijeljina. In 1998-99 Radnik Bijeljina won their first Republika Srpska First League title.
2000s.
In the season 2004-05 Radnik won their second title which got them a place in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the 2005-06 season.
Note that "Radnik" is also the name of a basketball team from Bijeljina, KK Radnik Bijeljina.
Former players.
For a list of current and former players with Wikipedia article, please see :Category:FK Radnik Bijeljina players.

</doc>
<doc id="19944400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944400" title="Lee Jang-Soo">
Lee Jang-Soo

Lee Jang-Soo (born October 5, 1956) is a South Korean association football manager and a former player. As a player he had the distinction of being one of the first fully professional footballers to play in the newly formed Korean Super League in the inaugural 1983 league season, however it has been as a manager where he has distinguished himself particularly within China where he has gone on to twice win the Chinese FA Cup with Chongqing Lifan and Qingdao Beilaite. He has also achieved a successful spell back home within South Korea with FC Seoul when he won the K-League Cup, however he has continued to return to China where he was the manager of Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande whose appointment also makes him the longest serving foreign coach within China.
Playing career.
Lee Jang-Soo was one of the first players to play professional football in South Korea when he started his professional football career at Yukong Elephants in 1983 with the formation of the K-League. Despite already being in his late twenties he would eventually play in 53 league games in his professional career which ended in 1986.
Coaching career.
After his football career he became a coach at Honam University before being offered the chance to become a trainer with the newly formed Ilhwa Chunma team in the K-League. He was offered a promotion as a coaching in 1992 where he was part of the team that took them second in the league. The next few seasons saw him as part of the coaching team that would establish Ilhwa Chunma as a successful team within the K-League by winning the league for three consecutive seasons. In the 1996 league season when Ilhwa Chunma decided to rename themselves as Cheonan Ilhwa Chunma, Lee Jang-Soo was again promoted to the Head coach position after the previous manager Park Jong-Hwan left, however after a disappointing season where they were never in the title challenge Lee Jang-Soo left.
Throughout 1997 Lee Jang-Soo went to Brazil to study coaching abroad until 1998 when Lee Jang-Soo would move to China and manage Chongqing Lifan for four seasons. While he was there he managed to twice take Chongqing Lifan to fourth in the league in the 1999 and 2000 league season. However it wasn't until 2002 when Lee Jang-Soo had moved to Qingdao Beilaite that he rose to prominace within China and won the Chinese FA Cup with them. The following season though Qingdao Beilaite were to have a disappointing season when they finished the league in eleventh and Lee Jang-Soo would return to Korea. Back in South Korea Lee Jang-Soo would quickly find a team to coach with Chunnam Dragons and subsequently FC Seoul where he led them both to a Championship playoffs spot.
At the beginning of the 2006 league season Lee Jang-Soo returned to China with Beijing Guoan who required a manager after Shen Xiangfu left after a disappointing season. Under Lee Jang-Soo, Beijing Guoan immediately improved by coming third in the league. Despite the team's continued improvement within the league and a successful start in the 2009 Chinese Super League season where the club were currently leading the table on September 16, 2009, Lee was fired by Beijing Guoan for not using particular players that were favored by the club directors.
On 25 March 2010, Lee was hired by Guangzhou Evergrande, who was newly relegated to China League One for match-fixing scandal, as the team's new manager. He led Guangzhou to finish first place in the 2010 League One season and won promotion back to the top flight at the first attempt. In his second season, Guangzhou Evergrande won the Super League title for the first time in the club's history. He also set the club's record for longest unbeaten streak in the league with 32 wins and 12 draws, which was ended on 18 September after losing to Changchun Yatai 2–1.
Lee achieved the Chinese FA Super Cup winner in 2012 for his third time to pursue this trophy. He led the team to beat Tianjin Teda 2–1 at Guangzhou University City Stadium. On 16 May 2012, after sealing a place in the 2012 AFC Champions League knockout stage for Guangzhou by beating Buriram United on the previous day, it was reported that Guangzhou Evergrande held several talks with Lee and announced Lee's dismissal within the club. On 17 May 2012, Guangzhou Evergrande officially announced Marcello Lippi replacing Lee as the new manager of club.
Honours.
Managerial.
Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma
Chongqing Lifan
Qingdao Beilaite
FC Seoul 
Guangzhou Evergrande 

</doc>
<doc id="19944405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944405" title="Ionic No. 5">
Ionic No. 5

Ionic No. 5 is a serif typeface, designed by Chauncey H. Griffith, and presented by Mergenthaler Linotype in 1925. It is one of five typefaces in Griffith's 'Legibility Group' which contains typefaces especially well-suited to newsprint including Corona, Excelsior, Opticon, Paragon, and Textype. Griffith took Lanston’s sturdy 6 point Monotype Ionic 156-J as a starting point for Ionic No. 5, and in five trials produced the first contemporary typeface designed specifically to solve the technical problems posed by stereotyping and high speed printing of newspaper text. 
The News 701 typeface by BitStream is almost identical to Ionic No. 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19944417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944417" title="The Soldier (film)">
The Soldier (film)

The Soldier (Codename: The Soldier in the UK) is a 1982 American action film directed by James Glickenhaus and starring Ken Wahl. The film also features Klaus Kinski, Alberta Watson and a cameo by country music superstar George Strait.
Plot.
The KGB plants a nuclear device in the Saudi Arabian Ghawar oilfield. They threaten to detonate it, thereby contaminate 50% of the world oil reserve, unless Israel withdraws its settlements from the West Bank. The fact that the KGB is behind this threat is unknown. The American president contemplates starting a war with Israel, in order to save the world from oil crisis.
A CIA agent codenamed "The Soldier" (Ken Wahl), working outside the usual channels, is assigned to the case. After Russian agent Dacha (Klaus Kinski) tries to have him terminated, he contacts the CIA director from the US embassy in Berlin. He then enters the Israeli embassy. He and his team of another four agents start cooperating with the Israeli Mossad, represented by their director of covert operations Susan Goodman (Alberta Watson).
Given the unpleasant options of the KGB nuking a large part of the world's oil supply or the United States having to invoke a military response to force Israel to remove its settlements from the West Bank, the title character decides to Take a Third Option. His team captures a US missile silo in Smith Center, Kansas, and obtains independent launch capability. He and Susan then break into East Berlin by launching a car over the Berlin Wall, confronting the rogue KGB agents and informing them that if their nuke in Saudi Arabia is detonated, his team in Smith Center will nuke Moscow. This forces the Russian KGB to dismantle their device in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="19944436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944436" title="Erika Hansen">
Erika Hansen

Erika Marie Hansen (born March 9, 1970) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan Pacific Championships champion who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics.
Hansen won a gold medal in the 400-meter individual medley at the 1985 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships. She also received a silver medal for her second-place finish in the 200-meter butterfly, and a bronze medal for her third-place performance in the 200-meter individual medley.
She first attended the University of Georgia, but transferred to the University of Texas and swam for the Texas Longhorns swimming and diving team.
At the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, she competed in the B Final of the women's 400-meter individual medley and finished in eleventh place overall with a time of 4:51.03. Four years later at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, she swam in the event final of the women's 400-meter freestyle and finished in fourth place with a time of 4:11.50. Hansen advanced to the final of the women's 800-meter freestyle, and recorded a time of 8:39.25 in a seventh-place performance. She also competed in the B Final of the women's 400-meter individual medley and finished tenth overall with a time of 4:48.37.
Hansen has served as an assistant coach for the Florida Gators, USC Trojans, Maryland Terrapins, and UCLA Bruins women's swimming teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19944457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944457" title="Viper Island">
Viper Island

Viper Island is near Port Blair in Andaman district in the Andaman Islands, the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India and was the site of the jail where the British used to imprison convicts and political prisoners. It has the ruins of a gallows atop a hillock. The jail was abandoned when the Cellular Jail was constructed in 1906.
In any talk about Andaman and its role in the freedom struggle, it is the Cellular Jail that finds frequent mention. But, many years before the Cellular Jail was constructed, it was the jail at Viper Island that was used by the British to inflict the worst form of torture and hardship on those who strove to free the country from the British rule.
Origin of Name.
This small island derives its name from the vessel `"Viper"' in which Lt. Archibald Blair came to Andaman and Nicobar Islands in 1789. The vessel, it is believed, met with an accident and its wreckage was found near the island.
Another story says that the name originated from the presence of vipers, snakes, on the island.
The Jail.
The need for building a jail there was felt only after the British set up a penal settlement at Port Blair in 1858. Ross Island functioned as the headquarters of the penal settlement. Located near Port Blair, the construction of the Viper Jail was carried out during 1864-67. Lt. Col. Barnet Ford, superintendent of the penal settlement, supervised the work. Initially, a police inspector, a head constable, two sergeants, four class I constables and 30 class II constables were posted, according to materials available at the Cellular Jail. Later on, the strength was raised gradually. Solitary cells, lock-ups, stocks and whipping stands characterised the Viper Jail. Women were among the prisoners there. 
The conditions at the jail were such that the place got the notorious name, "Viper Chain Gang Jail." Those who had challenged the might of the British authority were chained together and confined at night by a chain running through coupling of irons around their legs. It was at this jail that members of the Chain Gang were put to hardest labour. Brij Kishore Singh Deo, popularly known as Maharaja Jagannath of Puri, was treated like an ordinary convict and kept in the Viper Jail, where he died in 1879. 
The Jail has secured a permanent place in the history of the freedom struggle as it was here that Sher Ali, a Pathan from Peshawar, was hanged after he assassinated Lord Mayo, Indian Viceroy, on February 8, 1872 at Hope Town jetty, opposite Chatham Island. After the construction of the Cellular Jail, the Viper Jail's importance declined. 
Today, the two-storeyed Jail building stands tumbled to the plinth level except for a portion of the roof with the outer wall dilapidated. But for a few birds which have built their nests inside the tomb of the gallows, only a deafening silence prevails there. Situated near Port Blair's harbour, Viper Island can be approached in 20 minutes from the Phoenix Bay jetty. The Harbour Cruise, available daily from the jetty, provides an overall view of different points of the harbour and a trip to this haunted Viper Island.
Tourism.
Viper Island is a serene beautiful tourist destination and can be approached by harbor cruise originating from Phoenix Bay Jetty in Port Blair. This place is visited by number of tourists as it has multiple attractions with historical importance and also has mesmerizing picnic spots with natural picturesque environments.

</doc>
<doc id="19944494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944494" title="The Secret Diary of Sigmund Freud">
The Secret Diary of Sigmund Freud

The Secret Diary of Sigmund Freud is a 1984 comedy film directed by Danford B. Greene and starring Bud Cort. 

</doc>
<doc id="19944506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944506" title="Felix Weber (artist)">
Felix Weber (artist)

Felix Weber (born August 17, 1965), also known as Schlockmaster, is a German artist.
Biography.
Weber was born in Munich, Germany. Since the early 1980s Weber has been focused on painting, drawing, Comic books, and music. 1991 Weber founded the label "Subversion Durch Schlock (SDS)" and began to exhibit his art. At the end of the nineties SDS was changed to Schlockweltall, and Weber began to build his presence on the internet. Sex and violence are basic elements for his cutting edge art.
Weber branched into German hip hop at the end of the 1990s. The band Schlockmaster released two 12" singles in 1997/98 and an LP in 2002. Some of the tracks were "Echte Künstler", "Rap Wigga", and "Lass Einen Wigga Scheinen". His work is sampled quite a lot in German Hip-Hop.
In his painting he replaced his signature heavy-black outlined comic-bookish style of the 90s with tightly rendered über-realistic figure shading. His work depicts naked people in a "world they didn't make", reflecting on philosophy and art history. His influences include Jack Kirby, Martin Heidegger, Caspar David Friedrich, Hölderlin, Friedrich Nietsche, Jess Franco, Gary Panter, and Joe D´Amato. He has had exhibitions in places like Autocenter, Berlin, Daniel Hug Gallery, Los Angeles, Galerie Krinzinger, Vienna, and Baronian Francey, Brussels.
In music, Weber teamed up with Thomas Zipp to produce "Freie Musik" in 2002, first called Nazihipiwelt. They formed a trio called ZLW-Trio with electronic artist Sepp Löbert. Next Zipp and Weber founded the band DA ("Dickarsch", meaning fatass in English) in 2006. The band featured Stefan Branca on guitar, as well as Phillip Zaiser and Kai Erdmann. DA released the LP "Nach Hause" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19944508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944508" title="Jose C. Ferrer">
Jose C. Ferrer

Jose C. Ferrer (born March 31, 1964 in Puerto Rico) is an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing. He began riding in the United States in 1983 at Calder Race Course in Florida then at Monmouth Park and the Meadowlands Racetrack in New Jersey. On November 24, 1983 Ferrer became the first jockey to win five races on a single card at the Meadowlands. [http://www.thebigm.com/historyT.asp]
José Ferrer was married for a time to jockey Rosemary Homeister, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19944519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944519" title="Hylands School">
Hylands School

Hylands School is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Chelmsford, in the English county of Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="19944524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944524" title="German Vietnamese">
German Vietnamese

German Vietnamese or Vietnamese German may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19944526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944526" title="Chinese German">
Chinese German

Chinese German or German Chinese may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19944556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944556" title="Seohocheon">
Seohocheon

The Seohocheon is a river in Suwon, South Korea. It has its source on the southern slopes of Gwanggyosan and flows south, through Cheoncheon-dong, past Dongnam Health College, to Seoho (West Lake), near Hwaseo Station. From there, it continues south and joins the Hwanggujicheon. There is a path alongside much of the length of the stream and this is currently being extended north towards the source.

</doc>
<doc id="19944600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944600" title="John Edmund Wentworth Addison">
John Edmund Wentworth Addison

John Edmund Wentworth Addison (November 5, 1838 – April 22, 1907) was a British judge and Conservative politician.
Addison was born in 1838 in Bruges, Belgium and was the third son of Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Robert Addison and his second wife, Grace Barton. Colonel Addison was born in India of Irish ancestry and after retiring from the army wrote a number of musical plays and light operas.
J E W Addison was educated at Trinity College Dublin before being called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1862. He practised in the Northern circuit and in 1880 became a king's counsel. In 1873 he married Alice McKeand of Manchester, who predeceased him in 1894. In 1874 he was appointed Recorder of Preston, a position he held for sixteen years. In 1889 Addison was the senior prosecuting counsel in the celebrated trial of Florence Maybrick.
At the 1885 general election, he was elected as Conservative member of parliament for Ashton under Lyne, defeating the sitting MP, Hugh Mason. At the ensuing general election in 1886 he drew with his Liberal opponent. He was elected by the casting vote of the borough's mayor as returning officer. He held the seat at the 1892 election, and stood down from parliament in 1895. 
On leaving the Commons in 1895, Addison was appointed a county court judge in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire. In 1897 he was transferred to the Southwark County Court, where he presided until his retirement due to ill health in 1906.
Mr Justice Addison died at his residence at Hyde Park, London in April 1907, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19944602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944602" title="Heng Shan Military Command Center">
Heng Shan Military Command Center

Heng Shan Military Command Center (衡山指揮所) is an emergency military command center in Taiwan similar to Cheyenne Mountain in the United States. It is designed to withstand a 20 kilo-ton nuclear blast, a 2 kilo-ton conventional bombing and also EM pulse in event of an attack. The command center was constructed in 1978. The command is equipped with fiber optics, emergency power generators, and water supply. The base mainframe also has state-of-the-art tactical simulation system, Joint Theater Level Simulation (JTLS) from the United States military. The base is located in the heart of Dazhi Ya Nan mountain (大直) of Taipei City and is connected to the Yuan Shan Military Command Center (圓山指揮所) through a tunnel.Facing the new National Defense Building(Construction).

</doc>
<doc id="19944619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944619" title="Roman Povazhny">
Roman Povazhny

Roman Povazhny (Russian: "Поважный, Роман Александрович"; born October 23, 1976) is a Russian-Polish international motorcycle speedway rider.
Career details.
World Championships.
Note: In 1993 he started for Slovenia

</doc>
<doc id="19944651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944651" title="Tomoko Hagiwara">
Tomoko Hagiwara

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19944652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944652" title="Robert E. Kowalski">
Robert E. Kowalski

Robert E. Kowalski (1942–2007) was a noted American medical journalist and best-selling author.
Kowalski came to national prominence in 1987 with the publication of his New York Times best-selling book - On the list for a record-breaking 115 weeks - "The NEW 8-Week Cholesterol Cure". Kowalski also wrote "The 8-Week Cholesterol Cure Cookbook", "Cholesterol & Children", "8 Steps to a Healthy Heart (a guide to recovery from heart attack and bypass surgery)", "The Type II Diabetes Diet Book", and "The Blood Pressure Cure: 8 Weeks to Lower Blood Pressure Without Prescription Drugs".
Kowalski was 35 when he suffered a major heart attack and multiple-bypass surgery. He had inherited the tendency for heart disease from his father, who died too young several years before. At that time, surgery was considered the only solution. Within six years, Kowalski was back on the operating table for another set of bypasses, following yet another major heart attack. 
He used his medical and journalist training to find the solution to saving his own life. The result was a heart-health program which he practiced and popularized in his books, centered on megavitamin doses of niacin and lifestyle changes. He was a pioneer advocate for quitting smoking, reducing saturated fat and cholesterol, increasing moderate exercise, and adding oat bran and fish oil to a heart-healthy diet.
Kowalski received his education at Iowa State University, where he was a dual major in biology-chemistry. He received his bachelor's in journalism, then a master's in journalism and physiology. He also completed the course work for a doctorate in physiology at Iowa State but did not finish his dissertation for the degree.
Kowalski died November 9, 2007 in Southern California at the age of 65 from a pulmonary embolism.

</doc>
<doc id="19944667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944667" title="Aurora (typeface)">
Aurora (typeface)

Aurora is a serif typeface, designed by Jackson Burke (the successor to Chauncey H. Griffith at Mergenthaler Linotype) in 1960. The font is a darker derivative of the Corona typeface, initially designed for the Canada NewsWire.
The News 706 typeface by Bitstream Inc. is almost identical to Aurora.

</doc>
<doc id="19944722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944722" title="Jodhpur boot">
Jodhpur boot

The jodhpur boot is an ankle boot designed as a riding boot with a rounded toe and a low heel. They originally fastened with a strap and buckle, but today the term also includes designs with straps that do not wrap entirely around the ankle and the elastic-sided design without a strap also known as Chelsea boots. A closely related riding boot design is called a paddock boot, particularly if modified to have a lace-up front.
The vamp is sewn on top of the quarters. (A monk strap boot also fastens with a buckle, but the quarters are sewn on top of the vamp.) The strap is typically in two parts, each attached to the vamp. The buckle end is attached to the inboard side and extends halfway around the ankle, counterclockwise on the right boot. The free end is attached to the outboard side and extends entirely around the ankle, clockwise on the right boot. There is typically a loop sewn to the back of the boot that both strap ends can be passed through.

</doc>
<doc id="19944726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944726" title="Porsche Salzburg">
Porsche Salzburg

Porsche Salzburg was an entrant in the 1969 World Sportscar Championship season and 1970 World Sportscar Championship season, representing Porsche in motorsport.
In the late 1960s, Porsche entered many sports cars in races, and to support the factory effort (then calling itself Porsche System Engineering), external semi-factory teams were set up to share the work load. In 1969, "Porsche Salzburg" became such a "de facto" second works team, sponsored by Porsche's Austrian dealership which was owned by Louise Piëch, daughter of Ferdinand Porsche and mother of Ferdinand Piëch, thus under control of members of the Porsche family. Early in the season, at the Nürburgring, cars were entered as "Salzburg Porsche Konstruktionen", but later at Austria's Österreichring, it was Porsche Salzburg for short. 
In 1970, the team of John Wyer was the designated factory partner. The Porsche factory itself did not compete anymore, focussing on development, but Salzburg continued. Usually two cars were entered, for Vic Elford and Hans Herrmann. Salzburg operated the winning Porsche 908 in the 1000km Nürburgring and the winning Porsche 917 at the 1970 24 Hours of Le Mans.
After 1970, the name of Porsche Salzburg disappeared from entry lists, as Martini Racing took over as the second factory-backed team besides Wyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19944741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944741" title="Azabu-Mamianachō, Minato, Tokyo">
Azabu-Mamianachō, Minato, Tokyo

Azabu-Mamianachō borders Azabudai on the north and east, Azabu-Nagasakachō on the west, and Higashiazabu on the south.
The district has one small ward park, , whose total area is 1,771.90 meters squared.

</doc>
<doc id="19944760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944760" title="The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum">
The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum

The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum is a museum in Madison, Georgia, United States that holds the largest single collection of microcars in the world. The museum collection is primarily focused on microcars from the late 1940s to pre-1964 range with engine sizes of 700cc or less and two doors or less. 
The museum was created by Bruce Weiner, an executive of Dubble Bubble, who started collecting microcars as a hobby.
The entire collection was auctioned off February 15-16, 2013. The top selling price was for Lot 603 - 1958 F.M.R. Tg 500 'Tiger' - Sold for $322,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="19944783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944783" title="The Big World of Little Adam">
The Big World of Little Adam

The Big World of Little Adam was a series of television cartoons that debuted in syndication in 1964.
In the early 1960s, producer Fred Ladd acquired a large number of NASA documentary short subjects and packaged them as 110 five-minute episodes. Inexpensive animated wraparounds, featuring the inquisitive Little Adam and his older brother Wilbur, were added to open and close the segments.
The episodes were made available in syndication either as half-hour blocks or individually, often appearing interspersed within blocks of cartoons on local TV stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19944796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944796" title="Andrea Hayes">
Andrea Hayes

Andrea Jean Hayes (born January 12, 1969) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. At the 1988 Olympics, she finished sixth in the final of the women's 200-meter backstroke event, with a time of 2:15.02. She is best known for winning a gold medal in the 200-meter backstroke at the inaugural 1985 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19944808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944808" title="Tim Gilbertson">
Tim Gilbertson

Tim Gilbertson (born 1987) is a Canadian power-pop singer-songwriter based in Edmonton, Alberta. He plays guitar, bass guitar, and piano. His musical influences include The Weakerthans and Modest Mouse.
Biography.
Gilbertson was born in Hinton, later living in Edmonton, Alberta, Gilbertson comes from a musical family, with mother playing piano and father playing guitar. Tim Gilbertson is the youngest of the children, and the only one not to have received formal music training. One brother, Eric, is a drummer and the other, David, is a rhythm guitarist. His sister is a music teacher in Calgary, Alberta.
Gilbertson is working towards a geology degree at the University of Alberta, and runs a media production company Paper Tiger Media
Debut.
The debut "Tim Gilbertson" was released on Pop Echo Records in 2007. Produced and engineered by Andrew Shaw, the album was recorded in Burnaby, British Columbia, in July–August 2006. Gilbertson's brother Eric played drums for the album.
The critical reception was generally positive, with "Exclaim!" saying, "There’s joyfulness to his songs, from their nice, crunchy guitars to the unforced vocals, and despite a couple of weaker moments, this is an incredibly accomplished piece of work." "Vue Weekly" wrote, "The album is both melancholy and catchy". The "Edmonton Journal"'s critic called the track "Palm Trees and Postcards" one of her top five favourite songs of 2007.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Tim Gilbertson.
Palisades.
His second album, "Palisades", was released on Pop Echo in 2010. It was recorded in Edmonton. The lead single is "Chipped Teeth".

</doc>
<doc id="19944817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944817" title="Fakhr al-Din">
Fakhr al-Din

Fakhr al-Din may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19944832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944832" title="Maurice Dekobra">
Maurice Dekobra

Maurice Dekobra (1885, Paris - 1973) was a French writer. His real name was Maurice Tessier. Seen as a subversive writer in the 1920s and 1930s, he became one of the best-known French writers between the First and the Second World Wars. His books have been translated into 77 languages. In spite of this, he has now been declared a "total unknown".
Biography.
At the age of 19, he started his career as a trilingual journalist - French, English, German. During the 1914-18 War
he was attached as liaison officer/interpreter first to the Indian army, and later to the United States army. The contacts he made at this time ignited his passion for travel. He attributed the origin of his pen name to an episode in North Africa when he saw a snake charmer with two cobras. Allegedly he began thinking (in French of course!) of the "deux cobras", which led him to De-kobra, then Dekobra. The term 'dekobrisme' was coined from his fiction, which used journalistic features in his novels. He chose to live in the United States from 1939 to 1946. Upon returning to France, he started writing whodunits.
Some of his novels were made into films.

</doc>
<doc id="19944845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944845" title="Chernyshevskaya">
Chernyshevskaya

Chernyshevskaya () is a station on the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro, opened on September 1, 1958. It is a deep underground pylon station at 67 m depth with a short central hall. The station is named after Chernyshevsky Prospekt, which is in turn named after Russian materialist philosopher and writer Nikolai Chernyshevsky. This station was part of the second stretch of the Saint Petersburg Metro built. While construction was about to start, a rule was created that no more stations should be very well-decorated, like the stations between Avtovo and Ploshchad Vosstaniya (the first stretch built). 

</doc>
<doc id="19944851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944851" title="John Entick">
John Entick

John Entick (c.1703 – May 1773) was an English schoolmaster and author. He was largely a hack writer, working for Edward Dilly, and he padded his credentials with a bogus M.A. and a portrait in clerical dress; some of his works had a more lasting value. In the leading case "Entick v Carrington" of 1765 he won a legal victory as plaintiff that defined the limits of executive power in the view of the English judiciary.
Life.
He was probably born about 1703, and resided in the parish of St. Dunstan's, Stepney. In 1755 he agreed with John Shebbeare and Jonathan Scott to write for their anti-ministerial paper, "The Monitor", appearing every Saturday, at a salary of £200 a year; and his attacks on the government caused his house to be entered and his papers seized under a general warrant in November 1762. He sued the authorities for illegal seizure over this, claiming £2,000 in damages, and obtained a verdict for £300 in 1765.
He died at Stepney, where he was buried, on 22 May 1773, being about seventy years old.
Works.
His first publication, the "Speculum Latinum" (1728), was a simplified scheme to teach Latin. For his "Evidences of Christianity" (1729) he styled himself on its title-page student of divinity. In 1736 he issued a proposal, which fell through, to print Chaucer in two folio volumes, and he put M.A. after his name. In 1754 he published his "Phaedri Fabulae", with accents and notes.
He published in 1757 a "New Naval History", with lives and portraits, dedicated to Admiral Edward Vernon. In 1763 he published a "General History of the Late War." He issued in 1764 his "Spelling Dictionary", each edition of which comprised twenty thousand copies; in 1766 he brought out an edition of William Maitland's "Survey of London" with additions. In 1771 appeared his "New Latin and English Dictionary" and an "English Grammar"; and he is credited with a "Ready Reckoner", pamphlets on freemasonry, and a share both in the new "Week's Preparation" and the new "Whole Duty of Man". The "Lexicon manuale græco-latinvm et latino-græcum. Studio atque opera Josephi Hill, necnon Johannis Entick" was a revision of Cornelis Schrevel's Lexicon as edited by Joseph Hill. He left a large work, in four volumes, "The Present State of the British Empire", helped by other hands, nearly ready, which was brought out in 1774. In 1776 appeared a new edition of his "Survey and History of London". William Crakelt and others edited his dictionaries repeatedly, down to 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="19944856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944856" title="Tammuzh">
Tammuzh

Tammuzh was a Tamil Pandyan king in the Dravidian cultural realm of ancient South India, who held his capital at Kuadam. The language and cultural term "Tamil" is an anglicised form of the native name "Tamizhi" தமிழ் (pronounced ).See also Legendary early Chola kings which shows similarity between early Chola kings and Ur kings list. The Pandyans had trading contacts with Ptolemaic Egypt and, through Egypt, with Rome by the 1st century CE. The 1st century Greek historian Nicolaus of Damascus met at Damascus the embassy sent by an Indian king "named Pandion or, according to others, Porus" to Caesar Augustus around 13 CE. The names of king and his kingdom have likely been conflated in Nicolaus' account.

</doc>
<doc id="19944918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944918" title="Giovanni Gaetano Bottari">
Giovanni Gaetano Bottari

Giovanni Gaetano Bottari (15 January 1689, Florence – 5 June 1775, Rome) was Vatican librarian and counsellor to Pope Clement XII.
Biography.
Before he became Vatican librarian, he was director of the grand-ducal press of Tuscany and professor of ecclesiastical history and controversy in the Sapienza.
He is the author of several treatises about art and artists. Amongst his works is "Dialoghi sopra le tre Arti del Disegno", published in Lucca, 1754. In these dialogues he criticizes the role of patrons, who "understand little of art" ("Dialoghi II & III"). He was also principal editor of the new edition of the "Vocabulario della Crusca" and of the celebrated Vatican edition of Virgil (1741).
Bottari was acquainted to Piranesi. He probably collaborated on Piranesi's answers to the letters of Pierre-Jean Mariette, and Piranesi dedicated his "Antichità Romane de' Tempi della Repubblic" to Bottari.

</doc>
<doc id="19944925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944925" title="Josefina Echánove">
Josefina Echánove

Josefina Echánove is a Mexican actress, model and journalist.
Echánove started working as an actress and then later became a journalist.
Biography.
Actress-journalist Josefina Echánove was born and raised in Guanajuato, Mexico. She came to fame with the release of the short film Laberinto in 1975. In late 1970s, Josefina worked in the Premios ACE award winning Drama Telenovela "La Plaza de Puerto Santo".
She married lawyer Alonso Echánove, and together they have two daughters and one son. Their oldest son, Alonso Echánove, is an actor. Their daughters are Peggy Echánove and pop singer Marisol de las Mercedes Echánove, who is publicly known as María del Sol.

</doc>
<doc id="19944935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944935" title="Sikanni">
Sikanni

Sikanni is a variant spelling of Sekani, the name of an Athapaskan people of northern British Columbia, Canada. It is found in various placenames and related uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19944944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944944" title="1989–90 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1989–90 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1989. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.
Fall 1989.
"The Pat Sajak Show" was reduced to 60 minutes on October 30, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19944952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944952" title="Livadochori">
Livadochori

Livadochori may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="19944955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944955" title="Paraluman">
Paraluman

Sigrid Sophia Agatha von Giese, better known by her screen name Paraluman (December 14, 1923 – April 27, 2009), was an award-winning Filipina actress. Her contemporaries include the likes of Fernando Poe, Sr. and Marlene Daudén and was a major contract star of Sampaguita Pictures.
Personal life.
Paraluman was born in Tayabas, Quezon to a German father, Lothar von Giese, and a Filipina mother, Tecla de Torres, who was herself from Tayabas. Educated at Assumption College, the young Paraluman herself was an avid movie fan. She loved reading magazines about her favorite celebrities. Her interest in showbiz increased when she learnt that their next-door neighbour was the actress Corazón Noble, and she would often climb their fence to catch glimpse of the actress. Her curiosity yielded positive results because Noble's younger sister, Lily, noticed her and they soon became friends.
Career.
Her extraordinary beauty led the seventeen-year-old Paraluman to be recommended by another sister of Corazón Noble, Norma, to film producer Luís Nolasco. Her first movie was "Flores de Mayo" (1940), and she initially used the screen name Mina de Gracia. She was rechristened "Paraluman" (archaic Tagalog for "muse" or "magnetic needle") by Fernando Poe, Sr., who signed her as a full-fledged star in X’otic Films' "Paraluman" (1941). This was followed by the actresses' roles in the films "Bayani ng Bayan" and "Puting Dambana".
After World War II, she came back to cinema as a contract star of Sampaguita Pictures. She then became a famous leading lady in romantic movies, but when she made a comeback, her image was repackaged by Sampaguita Pictures owner Dr. José "Doc" Pérez. She was given character roles, playing nemesis to Gloria Romero in "Hongkong Holiday", then as a handicapped woman in "Tanikaláng Apoy" (1959). She won a FAMAS Best Actress Award for her role in "Sino ang Maysala?"
Paraluman was also nominated by FAMAS four times: twice in 1959 for Best Actress for the movies "Bobby" and "Anino ni Bathala", in 1972 as Best Supporting Actress for "Lilet", and in 1976 as Best Supporting Actress for "Mister Mo, Lover Boy Ko". Her last film was "Kailan Sasabihing Mahal Kita" in 1985.
Family.
Paraluman had her first marriage to Yoshifume Abe that ended in divorce. She remarried in December 1949 in Manila to airline pilot Anthony Joseph "Tony" Barretto O'Brien, who was the son of Peter O'Brien and Dolores Barretto y Barretto of Zambales. Baby O'Brien, who was her daughter by her first marriage to Abe, took on the surname of her stepfather and was herself a television actress and commercial model. O'Brien's daughter Rina Reyes is also an actress.
Death.
Paraluman died of cardiac arrest on 27 April 2009 at her home in Parañaque City. She was 85 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19944976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944976" title="117 (emergency telephone number)">
117 (emergency telephone number)

117 (pronounced one-one-seven) is the national emergency telephone number for the Philippines. It is managed by the Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) and is also referred to by its official name, Emergency Network Philippines (ENP). Colloquially, it is also called Patrol 117, the name used by the Philippine National Police, where the number originated. It is the only emergency telephone number in the world that is accessible through both voice telephony and text messaging.
Since its inception in 2003, 117 call centers nationwide have handled some 15 million calls. However, the majority of 117 calls are prank calls, leading the DILG to urge local government units to issue ordinances penalizing those who make hoax 117 calls.
History.
Prior to the inception of 117, emergency services were reached through a myriad of telephone numbers. The fire department in Manila, for example, had fifty telephone numbers, one for every fire station in the city. At the time, 117 was solely used in the Metro Manila area by the Philippine National Police for the reporting of ongoing crimes as part of a program called the "Patrol 117 Street Patrol Program" in cooperation with the Foundation for Crime Prevention. Efforts to expand the capabilities of 117 began in the 1990s, starting with the addition of emergency medical services to the scope of 117 in Metro Manila through a private-sector initiative called Project EARnet (Emergency Assistance and Response network).
Government involvement in the expansion of 117's scope began in late 1998, when the DILG announced the formation of Emergency Network Philippines, a project that sought to support a national emergency telephone number in order to enable the faster delivery of emergency services to the Filipino people.
On August 8, 2001, a memorandum of agreement was signed between the DILG and Frequentis, an Austrian company specializing in communications and information solutions in safety-critical environments, on the implementation of the ENP project. The National Economic and Development Authority approved the project later in the year, and project funding was secured with a loan agreement being signed between the Philippine and Austrian governments on December 6.
By virtue of Executive Order No. 226, 117 became the official national emergency telephone number of the Philippines on July 14, 2003.
The P1.4 billion project was completed on August 2, 2003, with the opening of a new 117 call center in Quezon City, serving the entire Metro Manila area. Four more 117 call centers were opened in 2006, and the full 117 network, consisting of sixteen networked call centers, was rolled out in 2007.
Coverage.
117 service is available nationwide. Depending on the location of the call, a 117 call will route to any of the sixteen 117 call centers located in various cities around the Philippines. Each call center serves a single region.
117 call centers are located in the following areas:
With the exception of the call centers for the Ilocos Region, Metro Manila, CALABARZON, MIMAROPA and Northern Mindanao, 117 call centers are usually located in a given region's regional center. Due to its non-contiguity, the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao is the only region without an independent 117 call center, and as such, 117 calls made in the ARMM are routed to the 117 call center closest to the area where the call is originating from. This may either be the 117 call center in Zamboanga City (for calls originating from Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi), Malaybalay City (for Lanao del Sur) or Koronadal City (for Maguindanao and Shariff Kabunsuan).
When a 117 call is made from a mobile phone, the call is automatically routed to the nearest 117 call center. However, 117 as an emergency number is not registered on most mobile phone models or SIM cards. Because of this, the ENP supports, as a contingency measure, the routing of 1-1-2 and 9-1-1 calls to 117 call centers in the event of an emergency.
117 call centers are also capable of receiving text messages sent to 117. This service is known as "Text 117". However, texts sent to other emergency numbers do not route to 117.

</doc>
<doc id="19944985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944985" title="Berlitz English Dictionary (video game)">
Berlitz English Dictionary (video game)

Berlitz English Dictionary is an informational video game that was released on June 6, 2008 for the Nintendo DS only in Europe. The game comes from Berlitz International.

</doc>
<doc id="19944990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19944990" title="Sikanni Chief, British Columbia">
Sikanni Chief, British Columbia

Sikanni Chief is an unincorporated locality in the Northern Rocky Mountains of British Columbia, Canada. It is located on the north bank of the Sikanni Chief River, at an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19945012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945012" title="1990–91 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1990–91 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1990. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19945028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945028" title="Ljubljana Marathon">
Ljubljana Marathon

The Ljubljana Marathon () is a marathon, organised in Ljubljana by the City Municipality of Ljubljana (MOL). It has been taking place since 1996 and attracts several thousand people each year. In addition to the marathon, a half marathon (21 km), recreative running (10 km) and a course for juniors and teenagers are organised.
Past winners.
Key: 

</doc>
<doc id="19945040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945040" title="Wilf Woodcock">
Wilf Woodcock

Wilf Woodcock (15 February 1892 – October 1966) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. Born in Droylsden, he played for Abbey Hey, Stalybridge Celtic, Manchester United, Manchester City, Stockport County and Wigan Borough.

</doc>
<doc id="19945041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945041" title="Sikanni Chief Lake">
Sikanni Chief Lake

Sikanni Chief Lake is a lake at the headwaters of the Sikanni Chief River in the Northern Rocky Mountains region of British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19945050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945050" title="1999 BMW Open – Singles">
1999 BMW Open – Singles

Thomas Enqvist was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Franco Squillari won the title, defeating Andrei Pavel 6–4, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19945064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945064" title="Citizens for Civil Discourse">
Citizens for Civil Discourse

Citizens for Civil Discourse, also known as CCD, is an American non-profit, non-partisan organization that accepts Robocall block requests from citizens via their website. Shaun Dakin, the group's CEO, was a former campaign worker for John Kerry during the 2004 presidential election.
Website.
"Stop Political Calls" is the name of the organization's website to compile a database of the "National Political Do Not Contact Registry". Automated calls for political purposes are not illegal, and the requests in the database have no legal standing. As of late October 2008 after heavy media coverage nationwide, the block requests were voluntarily supported by only three Democrats and three Republicans. Of those six, only three of the politicians were actually on the November 2008 ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="19945066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945066" title="Tsurupika Hagemaru">
Tsurupika Hagemaru

"Tsurupika Hagemaru" received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1987. The manga rapidly became a hit all over Japan. Due to its popularity, an anime adaptation was produced by Shin-Ei Animation in 1988. It was directed by Hiroshi Sasagawa and was broadcast by TV Asahi. The 58-episode television also became a big hit, and, because of its popularity, a game was also created for the Family Computer. Since then, Tsurupika Hagemaru has been aired all around the world, most recently in India by Pogo TV and in Malaysia by Astro Ceria.
Plot.
Hagemaru Hageda is a young kid, studying in fourth grade, who lives with his parents in Japan. He is the only child of his parents and him and his parents are merely misers. They will do anything to save their money and this is a plotline for many episodes. Hagemaru also has a pet dog named Pesu (or Elvis in the English version), who often comments about Hagemaru's family being too miser and not giving him anything to eat.
He is best friend of his class-mate Masaru Kondo and in later episodes he has a crush on Midori, a girl from his class. In most of the episodes, the story revolves around his teacher (Miss Sakura) and his friends when Hagemaru goes to school. In the middle part of each episode, the top ten best stories are shown which is presented by Tonarida and Busu-chan with the words: "Bobechibo bochi!"

</doc>
<doc id="19945067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945067" title="C. Earl Stubbs">
C. Earl Stubbs

Chalmer Earl Stubbs (December 18, 1942 – July 15, 2008)
Biography.
Stubbs was born in Williamsburg, Pennsylvania. He had his schooling in Winchester, Virginia.
He got baptised on April 1, 1962 in Charlestown, West Virginia.
Stubbs had a call to serve God and enrolled at the Central Bible College,
For post-graduate studies, Stubbs joined the Covenant Theological Seminary, St. Louis, Missouri and pursued a Master's degree in theological studies.
Contribution.
The Assemblies of God were the outcome of the Azusa Street Revival led by William J. Seymour, the initiator of the Pentecostal religious movement.
As part of its missionary endeavor, the Assemblies of God began sending their missionaries to India in the early part of twentieth century.
Stubb's was one such missionary sent to India.
Pastor.
Earl Stubbs began his ministry as an Assistant Pastor at the Spanish Lake Assembly of God Church, St. Louis, Missouri in 1969. Later in 1971, he was moved to the Assembly of God Church, Mifflinburg, Pennsylvania. He was ordained by the Assemblies of God's Pennsylvania-Delaware District Council in 1973. The Assemblies of God World Missions deputed him to India to serve as their Missionary in 1975. It was in 1983 that the New Life Assembly of God Church was founded in Secunderabad.
Bible Teacher.
Having arrived in India, he proceeded to Kerala and served as a Bible Teacher in the Bethel Bible College, Punalur. Stubbs also served as its Principal before moving out in 1979 to the Ebenezer Bible College, Bellary where he served as its Administrator.
Stubbs toiled to infuse sound theological education from the Pentecostal perspective to his students be it at Punalur, Bellary, or Miyapur. In fact, Stubbs pioneered the establishment of the Bible Schools in Bellary and Miyapur.
Leadership.
Pastor Stubbs was oversaw the ministerial work of the Assemblies of God in South India, particularly in Andhra Pradesh. He was instrumental in founding the Andhra Pradesh Bible College in Miyapur catering to the ministerial formation of the Pastors of the Assemblies of God. Stubbs drafted the Constitution of the Andhra Pradesh District of the South India Assemblies of God.
New Life Assembly of God Church, Secunderabad.
What started as a small fellowship in Rashtrapathi Road "(formerly Kingsway)" in 1983 became a mega-fellowship. The New Life Assembly of God Church was founded by the Assemblies of God in Secunderabad pioneered by Stubbs.
Catering to the English-speaking Christians of the cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad, the New Life Assembly of God Church in Secunderabad also struck original ground in winning new converts to Christianity. As for "name-sake" Christians, the messages of Stubbs coupled with the prevalent spiritual atmosphere in the Church made them to re-think and grow in Christianity.
With the increasing number of people coming to the Church, the Assemblies of God, Andhra Pradesh District was forced to shift the Church to a new location. The Dreamland Theatre that once screened movies for the British-residents of Secunderabad was let out and it became the venue for the Sunday worship services of the New Life Assembly of God Church.
Presently, the Church has more than 6000 attending the Sunday Worship spread over three services.

</doc>
<doc id="19945074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945074" title="False sunrise">
False sunrise

A false sunrise or dawn sundog is a very particular kind of parhelion, belonging to the optical phenomenon family of halos.
It is an atmospheric optical phenomenon associated with the reflection or refraction of sunlight by small ice crystals making up cirrus or cirrostratus clouds in the very particular case when the sun is still below the horizon.
The spread light of a false sunrise has less power than that of a real sun, but sometimes is amazingly similar in its visual behaviour at distance. It is very similar to a subsun, except that in a false sunrise the sun is below the horizon and the ice crystals are above it.

</doc>
<doc id="19945075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945075" title="Telepace">
Telepace

Established in 1979, Telepace is an Italy-based broadcasting network that carries Roman Catholic-themed programming. The programs include programming from Centro Televisivo Vaticano.<br>Also on Satellite TV, "Telepace" broadcast also as TV Syndication in Italy with more than 50 affiliated television stations.<br>Its headquarters are in Cerna, a frazione of Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo, Italy, with branches in Trento, Agrigento, Lodi, Fátima and Jerusalem.
In Italy it is available FTA on SKY Italia and Tivù Sat,and in Australia it is available FTA.
On January 6, 2014, the channel started to air in high definition on Eutelsat HotBird satellites and on SKY Italia and Tivù Sat. The SD version was dropped from HotBird the same day. Up to now, native HD programs only occur during live telecasts from Vatican City distributed by the Centro Televisivo Vaticano, and during repeats of the above.

</doc>
<doc id="19945079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945079" title="Jack Cape">
Jack Cape

John Phillips "Jack" Cape (16 November 1911 – 6 June 1994) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Carlisle, Cumberland. He played for Penrith, Carlisle United, Newcastle United, Manchester United, Queens Park Rangers and Scarborough, as well as guesting for Carlisle United during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19945098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945098" title="Sikanni Range">
Sikanni Range

The Sikanni Range is a subrange of the Omineca Mountains in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, located between the Omineca and Atsika Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="19945104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945104" title="George Sapsford">
George Sapsford

George Douglas Sapsford (10 March 1896 – 17 October 1970) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Higher Broughton, Manchester. He played for Clarendon, Manchester United, Preston North End and Southport.

</doc>
<doc id="19945127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945127" title="Ploshchad Vosstaniya (Saint Petersburg Metro)">
Ploshchad Vosstaniya (Saint Petersburg Metro)

Ploshchad Vosstaniya (, lit. "Uprising Square") is a station on the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro. It is one of the system's original stations, opening on November 15, 1955. It is a deep underground pylon station at 58 m depth. The main surface vestibule is situated on Vosstaniya Square, which gives its name to the station. Another exit (opened in 1960) opens directly into the Moskovsky Rail Terminal. Ploshchad Vosstaniya is connected to the station Mayakovskaya of the Nevsko-Vasileostrovskaya Line via a transfer corridor and a set of escalators.

</doc>
<doc id="19945142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945142" title="Carrefour Saint-Georges">
Carrefour Saint-Georges

The Carrefour Saint-Georges is a shopping centre located in Saint-Georges, Quebec, Canada which opened in 1974.
Its current anchors include Sears, Bureau en Gros, and Target.
Brief history.
The mall opened in 1974 and was then anchored by Zellers, A&P and Greenberg. A&P was replaced by a Provigo supermarket in 1977. An interesting event about the Carrefour happened in 1976 when the mall got heavily damaged by a man (the one who draw the plan for the Carrefour but never got paid for it) driving a military truck inside the mall and destroying stores.
The mall was completely renovated and expanded in 1992 and a new Sears store was added. In 1997, Greenberg was replaced by SAAN. That store later closed and the mall transformed the area into smaller stores. Provigo left the mall in 2002 and the space has been leased by Bureau en Gros. In 2011, Target Corporation acquired a group of Zellers sites to convert the vast majority of them into Target stores. The Saint-Georges store is among them and has been officially confirmed as a future Target store. Zellers closed on March 14, 2013 and Target will open on September 17, 2013 after extensive renovations to the space.

</doc>
<doc id="19945149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945149" title="Samuel Hopkinson">
Samuel Hopkinson

Samuel Hopkinson (9 February 1903 – 9 May 1958) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Killamarsh, North East Derbyshire. He played for Shirebrook, Valley Road BC, Chesterfield, Ashton National, Manchester United and Tranmere Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19945189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945189" title="Andrew Mitchell (full back)">
Andrew Mitchell (full back)

Andrew Mitchell (before 1875—after 1894) was a Scottish footballer who played at full back. He played for Airdrieonians, Newton Heath and Burton Swifts in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19945205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945205" title="William Douglas (footballer)">
William Douglas (footballer)

William "Hugh" Douglas was a Scottish football goalkeeper. He was born in Dundee. He played for Ardwick, Newton Heath, Derby County, Blackpool, Warmley and Dundee.
Blackpool.
Douglas made his debut for Blackpool in their first-ever match in the Football League, on 5 September 1896 (see Blackpool F.C. season 1896–97). He went on to be ever-present in the club's 30 games that season, keeping five clean sheets in the process.
He was also ever-present in the following 1897–98 campaign, and achieved six shutouts that time around. After those sixty games for the club, he was replaced for the 1898–99 season by F.A. Fletcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19945236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945236" title="Styggevatnet">
Styggevatnet

Styggevatnet is a glacier lake from the glacier Jostedalsbreen in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The lake lies just southeast of the lake Austdalsvatnet. The lake is regulated by a dam and it empties into the river Jostedøla. The lake is about to the east of Lodalskåpa and Brenibba in Jostedalsbreen National Park.
Styggevatnet lies about from the Breheimsenteret information center, where one can learn about the glacier Nigardsbreen. In the lake, it is possible to kayak with a guide between the ice rocks to a nearby glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19945247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945247" title="United States Senate election in Indiana, 1998">
United States Senate election in Indiana, 1998

The 1998 United States Senate election in Indiana was held on November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Dan Coats decided to retire instead of seeking a second full term. Democratic nominee Evan Bayh won the open seat his father once held.
Results.
By county.
Bayh won 88 of Indiana's counties compared to 4 for Helmke.

</doc>
<doc id="19945250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945250" title="Sikanni Chief River">
Sikanni Chief River

The Sikanni Chief River is a river in the Northern Rocky Mountains region of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It joins the Fontas River to form the Fort Nelson River southeast of the town of Fort Nelson. Its headwaters are near Mount McCusker, northeast of the head of the Finlay Arm of Williston Lake.
The river's drainage basin is 2160.00 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="19945256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945256" title="William Jefferson (United Nations employee)">
William Jefferson (United Nations employee)

William Jefferson (November 1951 – November 17, 1995) was an American librarian and United Nations employee who was killed while serving in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Jefferson was found shot to death near Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
His killing was originally described as a criminal act, connected with robbing him of his valuables. American counter-terrorism officials were later to imply it was an act of terrorism.
Jefferson was from Camden, New Jersey.
Jefferson started working for the U.N. in its Dag Hammarskjöld Library in 1982.
In 1992 he volunteered to serve on overseas U.N. missions, first serving in Somalia.
Joe Sills, a U.N. spokesmen stated:
A week later the "New York Times" reported: ""United Nations officials strongly suspect that he was killed by the mujahedeen, who may have mistaken him for a British citizen.""
Jefferson was a Librarian at the U.N., who volunteered take leave to serve in Bosnia.
American counter-terrorism officials were later to class the killing as a terrorist attack.
Saudi Arabian Ahmed Zaid Salim Zuhair is alleged to have played a role in his killing. When he was captured Zuhair was said to have had Jefferson's watch in his possession.
Zuhair's attorneys have pointed out that Zuhair was never charged in connection with the killing, despite extensive investigations by the UN, FBI, and Bosnian authorities. Bosnian authorities issued an arrest warrant for Fa‘iz al-Shanbari in 1998 in relation to the shooting.
The UN's 200-page investigation made no mention of Zuhair.
Zuhair was cleared for release by the Bush administration and finally repatriated to Saudi Arabia on June 12, 2009.
During a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 17, 2009, Attorney General Eric Holder publicly admitted that Zuhair had been cleared for transfer from Guantanamo by both administrations because "there was no sufficient proof" linking him to the Jefferson killing.

</doc>
<doc id="19945258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945258" title="Face to Face (Trevor Rabin album)">
Face to Face (Trevor Rabin album)

Face to Face is the second studio album by Trevor Rabin released in 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="19945265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945265" title="William Jackson (footballer)">
William Jackson (footballer)

William James Jackson (27 January 1876 – 25 March 1954) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as an inside forward. He was born in Flint, Flintshire. He played for Flint, Rhyl, St Helens Recreation, Newton Heath, Barrow, Burnley, Wigan County and Chester, where he made his debut in an 8–0 win over Rhyl in October 1905. He won one cap for the Welsh national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19945269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945269" title="Asphodel, That Greeny Flower">
Asphodel, That Greeny Flower

Asphodel, That Greeny Flower is a poem by American poet William Carlos Williams. It was published in 1955 as part of Williams' anthology "Journey to Love".

</doc>
<doc id="19945270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945270" title="Tony Currenti">
Tony Currenti

Tony Currenti is an Italian/Australian drummer, best known as a session drummer for Australian hard rock band AC/DC on their 1975 debut album High Voltage. The band's regular drummer, Peter Clack, was sidelined as Currenti recorded most of the drum parts. Currenti was replaced permanently by Phil Rudd. However, Currenti's playing also surfaced on two tracks of the international version of High Voltage, released in 1976.
Currenti was also a member of The 69'ers.

</doc>
<doc id="19945272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945272" title="Yekaterinburg children railway">
Yekaterinburg children railway

Nikolay Ostrovsky's Yekaterinburg children railway (rus. Малая Свердловская железная дорога имени Н. А. Островского; other names - "MSZHD", "DSZHD", "Sverdlovsk children railway") is a children's railway in the city of Yekaterinburg, Russia. 
It was opened for passengers in 9 July 1960. 
It has three locomotives (TU2 type) and eight all-metallic Polish passenger wagons «Pafawag».

</doc>
<doc id="19945278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945278" title="Mayakovskaya (Saint Petersburg Metro)">
Mayakovskaya (Saint Petersburg Metro)

Mayakovskaya () is a station on the Nevsko-Vasileostrovskaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro, opened on November 3, 1967, and named after Russian poet Vladimir Mayakovsky. The main surface vestibule is situated on Nevsky Prospekt. Mayakovskaya is connected to the station Ploshchad Vosstaniya of the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line via a transfer corridor and a set of escalators. The transfer corridor also links both stations to Moskovsky Rail Terminal

</doc>
<doc id="19945282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945282" title="Eduardo Egüez">
Eduardo Egüez

Eduardo Egüez (born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1959) is a lutenist, theorbist, and guitarist acclaimed for his interpretations of music by J.S.Bach.
He first studied guitar with Miguel Angel Girollet and Eduardo Fernández. He later studied composition at the Catholic Argentine University. In 1995 he obtained his diploma in lute performance from the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis under the tutelage of Hopkinson Smith. Eduardo Egüez teaches lute and basso continuo at the Zürich Conservatory (Switzerland).
Performances.
Eduardo Egüez has given many solo recitals in South America, Europe, Australia, and Japan. He received awards from Promociones Musicales in Buenos Aires, 1984; Círculo Guitarrístico Argentino in Buenos Aires, 1984; Concours International de Guitare in Paris (Radio France), 1986; V Concurso Internacional de Guitarra (Jacinto and Inocencio Guerrero Foundation) in Madrid, 1989.
He has also performed as a basso continuo player, as a member of such ensembles as Elyma, Hesperion XXI, Ensemble Baroque de Limoges, La Grande Écurie et la Chambre du Roy, Aurora, Concerto Italiano, Labyrinto, The Rare Fruits Council, Café Zimmermann, Les Sacqueboutiers, Ricercar Consort, „Stylus Phantasticus“ and his own ensemble La Chimera. He has also accompanied artists such as Furio Zanasi, Emma Kirkby, Maria Cristina Kiehr, Rolf Lislevand, Victor Torres inter alia.
Recordings.
Eduardo Egüez has recorded for many labels: Astrée Auvidis, Astrée Naïve, Arcana, Glossa Music, K617, Opus 111, Alia Vox, E Lucevan le Stelle, Stradivarius, Symphonia, Alpha Records, Ambroisie, Naxos Records, Flora, Mirare, Accent Records, Harmonia Mundi France. As a soloist he has recorded “Tombeau” with works by Silvius Leopold Weiss (E Lucevan le Stelle), the complete lute works by J. S. Bach (M.A. recordings) and “Le Maître du Roi” with works by Robert de Visée (also M.A. recordings). 
With his own Ensemble La Chimera, he has recorded for the label M.A. recordings “Buenos Aires Madrigal” (fusion of early Italian madrigals and Argentine tango) and “Tonos y Tonadas” (fusion of early Spanish “tonos humanos” and folk music from Latin America).

</doc>
<doc id="19945291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945291" title="Japan National Route 124">
Japan National Route 124

National Route 124 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Chōshi, Chiba and Mito, Ibaraki in Japan, with total length has 88.1 km (54.74 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="19945294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945294" title="Conversation Piece (disambiguation)">
Conversation Piece (disambiguation)

Conversation Piece may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19945306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945306" title="Blue on blue (disambiguation)">
Blue on blue (disambiguation)

Blue on blue refers to an incidence of friendly fire, an inadvertent firing toward one's own or otherwise friendly forces. 
Blue on blue may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19945312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945312" title="Fruitcrow">
Fruitcrow

The fruitcrows are several species of birds in the Cotinga family:

</doc>
<doc id="19945315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945315" title="Jennifer Gay">
Jennifer Gay

Jennifer Gay was an on-screen BBC Children's TV continuity announcer for the BBC Television Service (later to become BBC One, but then the only British television channel) between 1949 and 1953.
Early life.
Jennifer Gay was born on 22 September 1935 to actress Molly Gay and composer Hugo Rignold.
Television career.
Gay began introducing children's programmes in June 1949, and aged 14 became the "first schoolgirl in the world to announce TV programmes as a regular job." For the next three years, she grew up on screen, her name intrinsically linked with early 1950s children's television. 
Introducing herself by name as "one of the Children's Hour announcers," Gay appeared most days at 5pm to introduce that afternoon's hour of programming, which included such favourites as "Muffin the Mule", "Mr. Turnip", and "Hank and Prudence". Andrew Martin a BBC Archives expert described Gay as "the accepted way of presenting children to themselves."
Her final on-screen appearance as an announcer was in May 1953, after which Gay left the BBC to continue the ballet training she had pursued throughout her television career. She returned to television at ATV in the Midlands during the early 1960s, and was one of the launch team of reporters for the nightly news magazine programme "ATV Today".
Career highlights.
In December 1949, Gay "announced the first children's programmes transmitted from the Sutton Coldfield transmitter," while the 1953 "Television Annual" described Gay's "most frightening afternoon," as the occasion upon which "she had to partner Mrs. Attlee in the programme which opened the Lime Grove Studios," just five months later in May, 1950.
Also in 1950, she battled sea-sickness after journeying to France to "take part in TV's first-ever cross-Channel hook-up," which included scenes of "Jennifer... going through Customs and being shown round the Port of Calais."

</doc>
<doc id="19945318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945318" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2008">
Miss Universe Nederland 2008

The Miss Universe Nederland 2008 pageant was held at the Hampshire Hotel at Den Haag on May 31, 2008. This year only 7 candidates are competing for the national crown. Eventual winner, Charlotte Labee from South Holland represented the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2008. The winner of the best provincial costume, which the costume was being used in Miss Universe 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19945324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945324" title="Auk/Blood">
Auk/Blood

Auk/Blood (Inuktitut syllabics: ) is an album by Tanya Tagaq, released in 2008 by Ipecac Recordings.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Tagaq.

</doc>
<doc id="19945332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945332" title="Lou Dorfsman">
Lou Dorfsman

Louis "Lou" Dorfsman (1918 – October 22, 2008) was a graphic designer who oversaw almost every aspect of the advertising and corporate identity for the Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS) in his 40 years with the network.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Dorfsman was born in 1918 on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, and moved as a child to the Bronx. His parents were Jewish immigrants from Poland. Dorfsman attended Theodore Roosevelt High School, graduating in 1935. Dorfsman had wanted to attend New York University and study bacteriology there, but was unable to afford the tuition. He chose to attend Cooper Union, where he received a four year scholarship and graduated in 1939. Dorfsman served on Cooper Union's board of directors for many years.
Early career.
After graduation, his design jobs included making displays for the 1939 New York World's Fair.
World War II.
Dorfsman served in the United States Army during World War II, using his design skills.
With CBS.
Dorfsman was hired in 1946 as art director for the CBS Radio Network. Dorfsman's designs were described by "The New York Times" as featuring "clear typography, simple slogans and smart illustration". He commissioned work from portraitist Feliks Topolski and painter Ben Shahn. After William Golden died in 1959, Dorfsman was named creative director of CBS Television. By 1964, he was selected as the director of design for all of CBS and was later promoted to senior vice president and creative director for marketing communications and design in 1968. In this role he maintained creative control over the network's use of the CBS Eye logo to its proprietary CBS Didot typeface. "The Times" credited the "cleverness and subtle beauty of his advertisements" with drawing viewers to the network's news and entertainment programs.
The print advertising Dorfsman created for CBS created a sense of urgency for the network's news and public affairs programming. A full-page newspaper ad for the series "Of Black America" showed a black man in black and white, with half his face painted with the stars and stripes of the United States flag. A newspaper ad for "The Warren Report: A CBS News Inquiry in Four Parts" showed a hand holding the John F. Kennedy assassination's "magic bullet" with a headline stating that "This is the bullet that hit both President Kennedy and Governor Connally. Or did it?" Advertising of CBS News coverage of the 1972 presidential election described CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite as having been "Re-elected the Most Trusted Man in America".
Dorfsman oversaw design of annual reports for CBS and created promotional commemorative volumes, including a 1969 limited-edition book with a cover embossed to resemble the lunar surface, after the first manned moon landing. He designed sets for Walter Cronkite's "CBS Evening News" and for the "CBS Morning News".
In Eero Saarinen's CBS Building on 52nd Street and Sixth Avenue, Dorfsman was responsible for all of the building's graphics, designating the type, design and spacing for wall clocks, elevator buttons, and elevator inspection stickers. He designed a , design called "Gastrotypographicalassemblage" for the building's cafeteria that listed all of the foods offered to patrons in hand-milled wood type. Dorfsman considered this work to be "his magnum opus, his gift to the world". This work is being restored and preserved by the Center for Design Study in Atlanta.
Dorfman retired from CBS in November 1987 to establish his own studio. The responsibilities for advertising, which had previously been handled in-house under Dorfsman's supervision, were transferred to Backer, Spielvogel, Bates.
Dorfsman died at age 90 on October 22, 2008 in Roslyn, New York of congestive heart failure.
Honors and recognition.
In 1978, Dorfsman was recognized as a medalist by the AIGA, "awarded to individuals in recognition of their exceptional achievements, services or other contributions to the field of design and visual communication". HE was awarded the TDC Medal by the Type Directors Club in 1995.
The 1988 book "Dorfsman & CBS" by Dick Hess and Marion Muller covered his more than 40 years with the network.

</doc>
<doc id="19945336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945336" title="Back from the Dead">
Back from the Dead

Back from the Dead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19945351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945351" title="Curtatone-class destroyer">
Curtatone-class destroyer

The "Curtatone" class were a group of destroyers built for the Italian Navy. They were the first destroyers to be built in Italy after the end of World War I and were the first ships of this type to use twin rather than single mountings. The ships were originally ordered at the same time as the "Palestro" class destroyers, but were postponed due to steel shortages. The opportunity was taken to modify the design to incorporate experience and lengthen the ships by 4.5 m. The ships were later modernized for escort duties with the twin guns being replaced by singles and the triple 450 mm torpedo tubes replaced by twin 533 mm torpedo tubes. Extra light anti-aircraft guns were also fitted and the 76 mm/40 caliber guns removed
Ships.
All four ships were built by Orlando yard in Livorno

</doc>
