<doc id="19948956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948956" title="History of the Jews in Vancouver">
History of the Jews in Vancouver

The history of the Jews in Vancouver (also: Greater Vancouver and Metro Vancouver) in British Columbia, Canada has been noted since the mid-19th century.
Early Jewish settlers were isolated from established Jewish institutions and communities in eastern Canada and the United States. They were also often isolated from each other, scattered across the Greater Vancouver area. As the local cities developed, the Jewish community also grew and expanded beyond the original business districts to spread throughout the area. While some early Jewish settlers ran farms, poultry operations, and sawmills, most tended to work in merchant industries. Many started as street peddlers and worked their way up to running small stores, a few of which grew into retail empires. 
Most of the early Jewish immigrants came from the United States and Britain. By the end of World War I immigrants from Eastern Europe formed the majority of the Vancouver-area Jewish community due to discrimination in their homelands, notably the "pogroms" in Russia, and changes in Canadian immigration policy.
Early Jewish life in Vancouver.
Early Jewish settlers in Vancouver were concentrated in the stores of the Gastown area and the homes of the Strathcona neighbourhood: the East End of Vancouver. The first Jewish businessman in Vancouver was Louis Gold, who opened a general store on the waterfront in 1872. His wife and son were also prominent businesspeople, and his son Edward willed valuable land to the Jewish community for charities and building projects. Edward was also elected Councilor in South Vancouver in 1914.
One notable early settler was David Oppenheimer, who moved to Vancouver in 1885. As the city's second Mayor (1888–91), he was responsible for starting much civic infrastructure and industry. Oppenheimer also secured a Jewish burial area in the city-owned Mountain View Cemetery and offered land to the community for a synagogue. He and his brothers were prominent in real estate, groceries, and transportation; their grocery business is still operating as The Oppenheimer Group. Another prominent settler was Zebulon Franks, who arrived in 1887 and opened a hardware store by 1896. Parts of his business still survive as Y. Franks Appliances and Y. Franks Parts & Service. Franks was also involved in development of Vancouver Jewish religious and community institutions, hosting the first Orthodox prayer services and serving as a founding member of B'nai B'rith. Along with Henry Sigler, he also negotiated purchase of the land for the first synagogue in Vancouver.
Development of synagogues.
In the city's early years, its nearest synagogue was Temple Emanu-El in Victoria. Agudace Achim (Orthodox) was the first congregation in Vancouver, active from 1891 to 1906. A semi-Reform congregation soon followed, as Temple Emanu-El started in 1894 and was active through 1917. In 1907 a new Orthodox congregation appeared, named B'nai Yehudah (also known as Sons of Israel). However, the first Vancouver synagogue did not appear until 1911, when B'nai Yehudah was built at the corner of East Pender and Heatley Streets. Though it seated 200, larger halls had to be rented for High Holy Days. The building also housed several community organizations. Children's Judaic classes began shortly after the opening in nearby homes. In 1914, during an economic depression, the synagogue was saved from foreclosure by an emergency fundraising campaign. In 1917 B'nai Yehudah was incorporated as a society by the name of Schara Tzedeck. The Vancouver Hebrew School/Talmud Torah started at the synagogue in 1918. After thirty years as a boys' club and vocational school, the synagogue was developed into residences, and was honoured with a Vancouver Centennial plaque in 1986.
Formation of community organizations.
Local Jewish community organizations founded in the early 20th century included the Young Mens Hebrew Association (1909), the Ladies Aid Society (1907; later Schara Tzedeck Ladies' Auxiliary and the Sisterhood), B'nai B'rith (1910), the Hebrew Aid and Immigrant Society (1910), the Zionist and Social Society (1913), and the Hebrew Free Loan Association (1915). Samuel Davies Schultz was appointed to Vancouver County Court in 1914, making him Canada's first Jewish judge. Max Grossman was the first Vancouver Jew to be appointed King's Counsel, as a lawyer, in 1917. Grossman was involved in many community organizations and was a major force in the first Schara Tzedeck Synagoge, the Vancouver Hebrew School, and the first Jewish Community Centre.
Increase in affluence.
More affluent Jewish families began to settle in the West End area in the early 20th century, centered around Congregation Temple Emanu-El. The congregation started raising funds for a semi-Reform synagogue in 1911, but World War I and economic depression interrupted their efforts. The congregation stopped services in 1917. Shortly afterwards, the rearrangement of European boundaries following the Russian revolution and the Treaty of Versailles led to a wave of Eastern European Orthodox Jewish immigrants. The Jewish population of Vancouver was still too small to support multiple synagogues; therefore in 1919–1921 the remnants of the Reform congregation joined with the larger Orthodox congregation, Schara Tzedeck, to build a new synagogue in the East End for all Vancouver Jews. However the Temple Emanu-El Ladies Auxiliary continued to hold separate social and charitable events in the West End, as well as a children's Sabbath school, until the congregation dissolved entirely in 1932.
Growth during the 1920s.
The 1920s were a time of further growth for the Jewish community. Schara Tzedeck Synagogue (Orthodox) was built in 1920 on the site of the old B'nai Yehudah synagogue in the East End. The old synagogue building remained for use by the Hebrew school and as a community hall. A Hadassah chapter was founded in 1920, Jewish Community Chest and Vancouver Council of Jewish Women in 1924, the Hebrew Athletic Club and early meetings for Congregation Beth Israel (Conservative) in 1925. The first Jewish regular newspaper, called the "Vancouver Jewish Community Centre", started in 1923. It later became the "Jewish Western Bulletin", which published from 1930 to 2001. The Schara Tzedeck congregation, which had hosted and subsidized the Talmud Torah Hebrew school, took over the school's governance from 1928 to 1943. 
A significant event was the 6–7 July 1921 visit by the Very Reverend Dr. Joseph H. Hertz, Chief Rabbi of the United Congregation of the British Empire. In 1922 visiting vaudeville performer Jack Benny met Sadye Marks at a Passover Seder in the West End. They married in 1927 and she went on to vaudeville, radio, and movie stardom as his partner Mary Livingstone.
Two prominent Jewish businesses were established during this period. First, in 1919, Sam Cohen opened the Army & Navy surplus and liquidation store. He built it into a mail-order and retail chain operating throughout western Canada; it is now run by his granddaughter Jacqui. Second, Ben and Morris Wosk started Wosk's in 1923 as an appliance store. It grew into a major publicly traded chain of furniture and appliance stores in western Canada, but is now defunct. The Wosks were also real estate moguls and philanthropists.
Into the 1930s.
In the 1920s and 1930s, many Jewish families moved to new neighbourhoods south of False Creek, especially Fairview. The Talmud Torah Hebrew school opened an annex here, near Broadway and Cambie Street, in 1923. After a long period of fundraising, the first Jewish Community Centre was built in 1928 at Oak Street and 11th Avenue. The Talmud Torah school annex moved into the Centre that same year. The Congregation Beth Israel was formally founded in 1932 and held services in the Centre. In 1937 the Schara Tzedeck congregation decided to move to the Fairview area but was hampered by economic depression and war. Following the Wall Street Crash of 1929, many upper-class families left the West End for the new neighbourhoods of Shaughnessy and Point Grey. 
The Jewish Administrative Council was established in 1932 to coordinate the Free Loan Association, Community Chest, and Community Centre.
1940s.
By the 1940s, Jewish population and community life began to centre on Oak Street in central Vancouver, south of the first Jewish Community Centre. The Talmud Torah school established its first independent facility in 1943 on West 14th Avenue between Oak and Cambie Streets. The Orthodox congregation Beth Hamidrash B'nai Ya'acov began in 1943, so its members could be within walking distance of their Fairview homes. The Peretz Centre for Secular Jewish Culture, previously known as the Vancouver Peretz Institute or Shule, was established in 1945 near Oak Street as a secular-humanist educational and cultural centre. A home for elderly Jews was founded nearby in 1946, partly funded by American comedian Eddie Cantor. The Schara Tzedeck congregation finally dedicated its new synagogue here in 1948, as well as the Beth Israel synagogue in 1949. The Talmud Torah school moved to a new Oak Street campus in 1948 and became a day school for elementary grades.
A Vancouver branch of the Canadian Jewish Congress was established in 1941. In 1944, the first Jewish funeral chapel was opened by Schara Tzedeck.
Post World War II.
The post-World War II period saw a greater influx of central and eastern Canadian Jews, as well as the first wave of Sephardic Jewish immigration to British Columbia. The first Sephardic High Holy Day services were held in 1966 at the Jewish Community Centre. A Sephardic congregation soon formed and used the Beth Hamidrash synagogue, whose membership had been shrinking. In 1979 the Sephardic congregation merged with the Beth Hamidrash Ashkenazic congregation.
1960s and 1970s.
The Jewish population continued to shift south and west to the Oakridge area through the 1960s and 1970s. At Oak and 41st a new Jewish Community Centre was built in 1962 as well as the Louis Brier Home and Hospital for the aged in 1968. It is the only Jewish seniors' facility west of Winnipeg. Temple Sholom (Reform) was founded on Oak Street in 1964 [http://www.templesholom.ca/]
Wealthy families also moved to the Point Grey and West Vancouver neighbourhoods. Leonoff's study of the "Vancouver Jewish Community Telephone Directory" suggests that only 10% of the local Jewish community lived outside Vancouver in 1960, though many families began moving to the suburbs as housing costs rose.
While the development of community services and congregations has often been a cooperative process, with help from organizations in neighbouring cities, there are some accounts of suburban communities feeling ignored by central organizations. The Jewish Federation of Greater Vancouver was established in 1987 to develop a wider community across the area. It was born from the merger of the United Jewish Appeal and the Jewish Community Fund and Council. 
The Jewish Community Centre of Greater Vancouver also offers services intended for the entire community. It houses many organizations such as the Jewish Federation of Greater Vancouver, the Jewish Museum and Archives of B.C., and the Vancouver Holocaust Education Centre. The centre also offers programs for all ages, the Isaac Waldman library, and recreational, arts and event facilities.
In 1974 Rabbi Yitzchak and Henia Wineberg moved from Brooklyn, NY to open the first Chabad House centre in Western Canada. Chabad has been credited with spearheading the resurgence in Jewish identity, and practice. Chabad Lubavitch BC now operates 7 centres in BC including, Chabad of Vancouver Island, Chabad of the Okanagan, Centre for Judaism of the Lower Fraser Valley in White Rock, Chabad of Richmond, Chabad of Downtown Vancouver, Chabad of East Vancouver, and the Chabad headquarters on 41st and Oak. Chabad also operates in the popular resort town of Whistler, BC with some holiday programs including Chanukah celebrations and Passover Seders
21st century.
Beth Hamidrash dedicated a new synagogue building in 2004. Congregation Schara Tzedeck celebrated its centenary in 2007 as the first and largest Orthodox synagogue in British Columbia. Its membership counted 450 families, some of whom were fourth-generation members. Congregation Beth Israel celebrated its seventy-fifth anniversary in 2007. Several notable members of the Jewish support movement were responsible for the building of banks and clinics in East Vancouver, most notable was Duffy Holeksa, who was quoted as saying "I'll build these banks with every penny I have!".
New Westminster.
Jewish merchants have been part of New Westminster since its founding in 1859 when firms like Meyer, Reinhards & Co. and Messrs. Levi and Boas arrived to supply prospectors for the Cariboo Gold Rush. There were a few Jewish families and businesses in the area by the late 1920s. The Schara Tzedeck congregation of Vancouver consecrated its cemetery here in 1929, despite neighbourhood opposition. One prominent family was that of Louis Zack, who started a drycleaning business in 1929 and became business and community leaders. In 1941 Sam and Paul Heller acquired and modernised the Pacific Pine Co. Ltd. sawmill. 
The Royal City Hadassah chapter was founded in 1947, and was active through at least 2001. The chapter was the focus of increased Jewish social activities. After years of parent car-pooling to Vancouver Jewish schools and hiring private tutors, the New Westminster branch of Vancouver's Talmud Torah school was established in 1949. Most families still tended to participate in Vancouver synagogues, partly due to family ties. Louis Leask was a prominent doctor and school trustee from 1952 to 1971. Muni Evers, a pharmacist, served six years as alderman and fourteen years as mayor of New Westminster. 
By 1960, the Jewish community directory listed 21 families in New Westminster. However, during the 1970s the local Jewish community was shrinking and spreading to cheaper housing eastwards.
History by local areas.
West Vancouver and North Vancouver.
Due to an early lack of bridges across Burrard Inlet, and the distance from Jewish institutions, the Jewish population of West Vancouver and North Vancouver was small until after the Second World War. One of the notable Jewish businessmen who settled there was Samuel Gintzburger. He served on the first West Vancouver municipal council in 1912, founded the Vancouver Hebrew Free Loan Association, was a long-time president of Vancouver's Temple Emanu-El, and mentored Jewish children from the Juvenile Court. Another North Shore businessman was Louis Brier, who willed his Gold Rush fortune to fund a non-sectarian seniors' home, orphanage, and hospital. This became the Louis Brier Home in Vancouver. A third notable resident was Harry Evans, who helped to establish Beth Israel Cemetery in Burnaby in 1946. He also founded the B.C. Collateral Loan Co. Ltd., which is still operating, in Gastown in 1899.
In addition to business opportunities, Jewish families and community groups enjoyed the North Shore's beaches, hiking trails, picnic spots, fishing creeks, mountains, and ski runs.
A Jewish community began to develop on the North Shore in the 1950s. In 1952 the Gleneagles Golf and Country Club was established in West Vancouver, since private golf clubs would not admit Jews at the time. It is now owned by the City of West Vancouver. The North Shore Jewish Community Association was founded in 1958, and began holding religious services in the West Vancouver Community Centre as Conservative congregation Shaar Harim in the early 1960s. At this time a Sunday Hebrew School started in a North Shore family home, later moving to the West Vancouver Community Centre.
The North Shore's first synagogue, Har-El (Conservative), was built in 1998. It also features the North Shore Jewish Community Centre and an afternoon Hebrew School. A Traditional congregation, Torat Hayim, started in 1999.[http://www.hayim.com/]
Burnaby and Coquitlam.
One of the first Jewish settlers in Burnaby was George Biely, who started a poultry farm in 1936. Early Jewish residents often socialized in neighbouring cities: residents of western Burnaby went to Vancouver, while those of eastern Burnaby went to New Westminster. In 1946 Vancouver's Beth Israel congregation consecrated a cemetery in northern Burnaby.
The establishment of Simon Fraser University in 1965 attracted many Jewish academics, especially from the United States. More families also began to settle in east Burnaby and neighbouring areas like New Westminster, Port Moody, Coquitlam, and Port Coquitlam. The Burquest Jewish Community Association began in 1973, and was incorporated in 1976, to offer social and educational programs. A cooperative Sunday school, which met in members' homes and later at the Centennial Lodge of New Westminster, was also founded at that time. From 1976 until 1980, when services started in Burnaby, the Richmond/Delta Jewish Community Association offered seats at its High Holidays services to Burquest members. The Burquest Jewish Community Association and Sha'arai Mizrah congregation are now based in Coquitlam.
Richmond and Delta.
The rich river delta soil of the area attracted many Jewish farmers. One was Jack Bell, the "Cranberry King", who started BC's first cranberry farm on Lulu Island in 1946.
Urban development in Richmond first started at Steveston on the southwestern end of Lulu Island. As the town boomed around its fishing harbour and canneries in the 1890s, several stores were established by Jewish immigrants. When fire ravaged Steveston in 1918, development shifted to the northern side of the island. Twelve Jewish families were listed here in 1959, with four in more rural areas. The same year, the Richmond Country Club was founded on Steveston Highway; though non-sectarian, it was largely Jewish and remains so. The Jewish population increased with the postwar boom as families searched for affordable land, and as bridges were built to Vancouver. 
In the 1960s, Jewish residents of Richmond were mostly young families. Residents met to organize a Hebrew school for these children, and formed the Richmond/Delta Jewish Community Association in 1971. Youth programs started in 1971 and High Holy Days services in 1972, both in borrowed facilities. The Conservative congregation Beth Tikvah started in 1977. Ten years later, the congregation established a cemetery in Surrey and a Hebrew high school. The synagogue was expanded in 1993.
In 1977, some families split from the community association to form the Orthodox Congregation of Richmond. Services and school were held in homes until the 1979 opening of Eitz Chaim synagogue. The congregation built a new synagogue and school in 1988.
The Richmond Jewish community grew quickly in the 1980s and 1990s, welcoming a large number of immigrants from abroad. The Kehila Society was founded in 2000 to manage such growth and coordinate Richmond Jewish community organizations. Chabad of Richmond (Chabad-Lubavitch) was formed in 1997. Three years later the congregation first celebrated High Holy Days and formed a Community Kollel for pan-Jewish education. Richmond Jewish Day School started in 1992 and moved to a permanent facility in 1998.
In 2002, most of the congregation of Eitz Chaim split off to form a new orthodox community which is now known as Young Israel of Richmond (YIRBC). It has grown tremendously within the past few years and is largely associated with the Yeshiva (PTI) in Vancouver.
South Surrey and White Rock.
Some Jewish families settled in the area as pioneers, while others retired there after owning summer homes; still others arrived in the 1960s' search for affordable housing. One notable resident was Max Zack, who owned a hotel in White Rock and served as alderman (1958–1960).
A summer camp for Jewish youth was built at Crescent Beach in 1937 by the National Council of Jewish Women, with help from the Vancouver Jewish community. The camp was transferred to the Zionist Organization of British Columbia in 1946 and renamed Camp Hatikvah. Local Jewish men trained here in 1948 to fight in the Israeli War of Independence. Camp Hatikvah moved to the Okanagan region of British Columbia in 1956.
The area became home to several Jewish cemeteries, including those belonging to Temple Sholom, Vancouver, in 1977, and Beth Tikvah, Richmond, in 1987.
In 1986 the Centre for Judaism of the Lower Fraser Valley was founded,and later opened its first synagogue in North Delta (Chabad Lubavitch). In 1995 it moved to White Rock, where it resides today. The school also runs the Gan Israel children's summer day camp.
A chapter of Jewish Women International, formerly B'nai B'rith Women of BC, formed here in 1989.
In the early 1990s a group of families hosted an open Passover dinner, inviting all South Surrey Jews to attend. The response to the event was so overwhelming that it grew into what became White Rock South Surrey Jewish Community Centre in 1994. In its present permanent location the community centre holds regular services and conducts Hebrew school for all ages, while hosting a multitude of programs from pre-school to senior ages. It has members from as far away as Abbotsford, B.C., and Bellingham, Washington.
Fraser Valley.
A small number of Jewish families settled in the farmland of the Fraser Valley, east of Vancouver. They were generally storekeepers, farmers and doctors. Early Jewish residents of Maple Ridge included John and William Hammond, who arrived in 1872 and established the town of Port Hammond. Thomas Haney arrived in 1876 and built a brick plant that started nearby Port Haney. These towns peaked in the early 1880s as supply points for Canadian Pacific Railway construction; they are now parts of Maple Ridge, retaining their names as neighbourhoods.
Jewish settlement in the Fraser Valley was scattered, and the nearest synagogues were a day's travel away in Vancouver and Bellingham, Washington. In the early 1950s, the Rabbi of Congregation Beth Israel (Bellingham, Washington) briefly provided classes for local Jewish children. He could not visit frequently enough, however, and families resumed commuting. Since the 1964 opening of the Highway 1 freeway and Port Mann Bridge made travel easier, Fraser Valley Jewish families have been able to participate more fully in the synagogues of Vancouver and its suburbs. Some families still prefer to commute to Bellingham, Washington, which is closer but across the US border.
Intermarriage rate.
Cyril Edel Leonoff claims that the interfaith marriage rate for Vancouver Jews in 2001 was about 60%, with 40% of Jewish people formally involved with religious congregations. He also states that as of 2001 the largest congregations were Conservative, though the Reform congregation has also been growing. In the 2006 Canadian census 21,465 people in Greater Vancouver identified their ethnic origin as Jewish. These people represent about 1% of the census region's approximately two million respondents. Leonoff said in 2008 that the Jewish population of Greater Vancouver was 25,000, which was 80% of the Jewish population of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19948971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948971" title="Alexander McCuish">
Alexander McCuish

Alexander McCuish (January 3, 1843 – July 1, 1919) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Conservative member from 1878 to 1882.
He was born in Loch Lomond, Nova Scotia, the son of Archibald McCuish and Jane McDonald, both Scottish immigrants. He first farmed and was involved in mining before establishing himself in business, mainly trading in fishing supplies. McCuish was a justice of the peace. In 1872, he married Jessie Ann McPhee. McCuish was a member of the Freemasons. He died in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19948993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948993" title="China Heroically Stands in the Universe">
China Heroically Stands in the Universe

"China Heroically Stands in the Universe" () was the national anthem of the Republic of China (in use 1915 - 1921) and the Empire of China (1915–1916). It was issued by the Ritual Regulations Office (禮制館) in June 1915 as the national anthem of the Republic of China and was adopted on May 23, 1915. Its lyrics were written by Yin Chang (廕昌) and music by Wang Lu (王露).
After Yuan Shikai was declared Emperor of China in December 1915, the lyrics of the anthem were slightly modified and turned into the national anthem of the Empire of China. The lyrics were abolished again in 1916 after his death and replaced by lyrics written by Zhang Zuolin. The song was no longer official anthem after March 31, 1921, when Song to the Auspicious Cloud again became the national anthem.

</doc>
<doc id="19948998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948998" title="Sevilla Linces">
Sevilla Linces

Sevilla Linces ("Seville Lynxes" in English language) is an american football team based in Seville, Andalusia (Spain).
History.
The team has an interesting history as they were founded by a group of players brought together by an advertisement published in a magazine called "100 yards" asking for people to play football for fun. After playing at local parks, decision was taken to join official competition.
After a friendly game against Cádiz Corsarios played on May 14, 1993, which was the first ever football game in Andalusia, they joined the Spanish second division.
In 1999 the team finally promoted to the elite league in Spain, the LNFA, where they have been competing since.

</doc>
<doc id="19949001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949001" title="Jun Fujita">
Jun Fujita

Jun Fujita (Japanese: フジタ・ジュン, "Fujita Jun", pronounced as joon foo-jee-tah, b. 13 December 1888 - d. 12 July 1963) was an Issei photojournalist, photographer, silent film actor, and published poet. He was the first Japanese-American photojournalist. As an American, Fujita lived in Chicago, Illinois and worked for the now defunct newspapers; the "Chicago Evening Post", which was published from 1886 to 1932, and "Chicago Daily News", which was published 1876 to 1978. Fujita was the only photographer to photograph Chicago's St. Valentine's Day massacre. Following his death in 1963, most of his work was donated to the Chicago Historical Society, which later became the Chicago History Museum.
Early life.
Jun Fujita was born Junnosuke Fujita (Japanese: フジタ・ジュンノスケ, "Fujita Junnosuke") on 13 December 1888 in a Japanese village near Hiroshima, Japan to Japanese parents. When he was older, Fujita immigrated from Japan to Canada, where he worked odd jobs to save enough money to move to the United States of America, which he considered to be a "land of opportunity." He moved to Chicago, Illinois, where he attended and graduated from Wendell Phillips Academy High School, a four year predominantly African-American public school whose notable alumni included Nat "King" Cole, Gwendolyn Brooks, and Archibald Carey, Jr. Following his high school graduation, he studied mathematics at the Armour Institute of Technology, which later became the Illinois Institute of Technology, with plans to become an engineer. To help pay his way through college, Fujita took a job as the first and only photojournalist at the Chicago Evening Post, which later became the Chicago Daily News.
Career.
Photojournalism.
Fujita's career as a photojournalist caused numerous media sensations. He became known not only in Chicago but nationally as well. As photojournalism was still a relatively new concept at the time, Fujita was one of the first photojournalists ever and he was the first Japanese-American photojournalist. Fujita was the only photographer to capture two of the century's biggest events: the St. Valentine's Day massacre and the sinking of the S.S. Eastland. Fujita also photographed and documented racism against African-Americans in the Chicago area during his career. Notable examples included photographing three Illinois Army National Guard questioning a black man during the Chicago Race Riot of 1919 and photographing several White-American men stoning a black man to death. He also defied a court order and photographed Dr. William D. Shepard, D.O. at Shepard's murder trial. Fujita photographed some of the most famous people of his time, including Albert Einstein, Frank Lloyd Wright and Al Capone.
Towards the end of his newspaper career, he operated a photo booth at Century of Progress. He also opened his own photography studio called Photo Craft, where he served clients such as Sears, Roebuck and Company. In his semi-retirement, Fujita photographed and painted prairies and wildflowers in Illinois and participated in showing some of his work.
Writing.
In addition to a historic career as a photojournalist, Fujita was an accomplished and published poet and author. Fujita was the first Japanese-American to write tanka, a form of waka. He compiled a collection of his poems in "Tanka: Poems in Exile". This book was published by Covici-McGhee in 1923. He also contributed writings to Poetry, the magazine published by the Modern Poetry Society (which later became the Poetry Foundation), and the Literary Digest.
Acting.
Fujita worked as a silent film actor for Essanay Studios in Chicago, a movie studio which was best known for producing several Charlie Chaplin comedies. Fujita had several minor roles before starring in a lead role in the two-reel film called "Otherwise Bill Harrison" in 1915. His film career waned as the movie industry shifted from Chicago to Hollywood, California.
Personal life.
Marriage and Home.
Fujita married Florence Carr, a Caucasian journalist from Illinois. Due to anti-miscegenation laws, the two were not able to marry until some years later. Florence was born Flossie Carr in Ringwood, Illinois on 16 October 1893 and died on Chestnut Street in Chicago in October 1974. The two lived together at 1930 West Chicago Avenue in Chicago, Illinois and they had no children. Fujita also owned a cabin in Minnesota, which was called "Jap Island" by locals. Fujita's cabin is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Relationship to the United States.
Fujita was granted honorary citizenship in the United States by an act of Congress. The United States Senate Bill was submitted by James Hamilton Lewis, who was the senator from Illinois at the time. Senator Hamilton submitted the Bill for Fujita's American citizenship due to Fujita's contributions to American society in the area of photojournalism. Fujita's citizenship came at a time when Asian-Americans were not allowed American citizenship by naturalization due to their race. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Fujita volunteered to serve in active duty for the United States but was turned down due to his age (he was 53 years old at the time).
Death and Burial.
Fujita died on 12 July 1963, at the age of 74. Fujita was cremated and interred in an unknown plot in Chicago's Graceland Cemetery, most likely in the Japanese section.
Legacy.
Fujita is considered to be a groundbreaking icon among Asian-Americans, Japanese-Americans, and photojournalists. Following his death, Fujita's widow Florence donated most of his work to the Chicago History Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19949003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949003" title="Barshop Institute">
Barshop Institute

The Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies is a basic and clinical research institute located on the Texas Research Park Campus of the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UTHSCSA). It is a leading institute in the United States in geriatrics research. The Barshop Institute ranks #1 in funding among Texas institutions, and is in the national medical center top five in the field. The Institute was founded by Dr. Arlan Richardson.
Over 150 faculty members from UTHSCSA and the University of Texas at San Antonio are affiliated with the institute and eight faculty have their primary laboratories in the Barshop Building itself. The focus of the institute is to understand the basic biological mechanisms of aging. The scientific director of the institute is Arlan G. Richardson, Ph.D. 
In 2009, one of the research projects of the institute, was announced by "Science" magazine as one of the top scientific discoveries of the year.
The architect of the center is Overland Partners Inc.
Research.
The comparative biology of aging, that this understanding why certain species live so much longer than others, is a major focus of the Barshop Institute. The Comparative Biology of Aging Center, headed by Steven N. Austad, PhD.
Direct testing of any aging theory requires not only correlative evidence, but direct interventions. The Intervention Testing Program, headed by Randy Strong, PhD and Co-directed James Nelson, PhD, seeks to do just that.
The Interventions Testing Program (ITP) is funded by the Biology of Aging Program of the National Institute on Aging (NIA) to evaluate compounds for their effects on lifespan and age-related biomarkers. The Interventions Testing Program is part of three testing centers: the UT Health Science Center, the Jackson Laboratory, and the University of Michigan. The goal of the program is to test four or five new compounds each year. These compounds are proposed by the research community through an annual call-for-proposals.

</doc>
<doc id="19949025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949025" title="In Love with Barbara">
In Love with Barbara

In Love with Barbara is a 2008 drama which was inspired by the life of the romantic novelist Barbara Cartland and tells the story of what made her the Queen of Romance. It was written by Jacquetta May and shown on BBC Four at 9:00pm on Sunday 26 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19949042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949042" title="When a Girl Marries">
When a Girl Marries

When a Girl Marries was an American daytime radio drama which was broadcast on three major radio networks from 1939 to 1957. Created by Elaine Sterne Carrington (who also was responsible for "Pepper Young's Family" and "Rosemary"), it was the highest rated soap opera during the mid-1940s.
Debut.
The series premiered May 29, 1939 on CBS, moving to NBC on September 29, 1941 and then to ABC on July 2, 1951.
Synopsis.
Promoted as "the tender, human story of young married life, dedicated to everyone who has ever been in love," the convoluted plot threads followed a married couple, Harry Davis (John Raby, Robert Haag) and Joan Field Davis (Noel Mills, Mary Jane Higby), as they confronted endless problems in the small town of Stanwood. Carrington created numerous conflicts by contrasting Harry's impoverished background with Joan's high society family.
Cast and Crew.
Others in the cast included Michael Fitzmaurice, Marion Barney, Ellen Fenwick and Staats Cotsworth. Announcers included Frank Gallop, Bill Mazer and George Ansbro. Music was by organist Rosa Rio and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19949067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949067" title="Ronald Hearns">
Ronald Hearns

Ronald Hearns (born 19 March 1978 in Detroit, Michigan, United States) is an American professional boxer and the son of Thomas "Hitman" Hearns. 
Hearns fights at both the light middleweight and middleweight divisions.
Background.
Hearns began boxing as a teenager at Kronk and Butzel Gym’s in Detroit. However, his father, a former world champion had him barred from the gyms in order that he would concentrate on his education.
Hearns attended American University where he graduated with a degree in Criminal Justice. During his time at AU he played for the university basketball team, "the Eagles".
Following this his father became supportive of his boxing and Hearns Jr. gained a record of 10-0 (10 KO) during his brief amateur career and won the 2004 National Middleweight Championship Title.
Professional career.
Hearns turned professional in April 2004 at the Joe Louis Arena, Detroit, Michigan. In his debut Hearns defeated unbeaten novice Alex Black with a first round knockout. On March 28, 2009, in a televised bout, he was knocked out by Harry Joe Yorgey his first professional loss.
He faced middleweight champion Felix Sturm February 19, 2011 and lost by KO in the 7th round.

</doc>
<doc id="19949068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949068" title="Henri Pépin">
Henri Pépin

Henri Pépin (born France, 18 November 1864, died Bordeaux, 1914) was an affluent French racing cyclist who once hired two riders to escort him leisurely through the Tour de France, in which they ate at good restaurants and spent the night in expensive hotels. When he had had enough, he paid his assistants – the first "domestiques" in cycle racing – what they would have earned had they won the Tour and went home by train.
Tour de France.
The Tour which made Pépin celebrated started at the Porte Bineau in Paris on 8 July 1907. Pépin, whom reporters quickly turned into a count or a baron (see below) was rider number 59 in a peloton of 112. He had hired two riders, Jean Dargassies and Henri Gauban to ride with him. Far from competing with the favourites, Gustave Garrigou, Émile Georget and Lucien Petit-Breton, Pépin planned to treat the race as a pleasure ride, stopping for lunch when they chose and spending the night in the best hotels they could find.
The race left the Porte Bineau at 5.30am but without Pépin, Gauban and Dargassies. Pierre Chany reports that Pépin was in conversation with a lady, occasionally raising his hat to other women and blowing kisses. The bunch had already left for its eight-hour ride to Roubaix, but only when Pepin was ready did he say: 
The three riders never separated, never hurried. They took 12 hours and 20 minutes longer than Georget on the stage from Roubaix to Metz – they were far from last – and the judges were powerless because the race was decided not on time but points. It mattered less what speed riders competed than the order in which they crossed the line. In an era when riders could be separated by hours, there was no point in hurrying after a rival who could not be caught and passed. The judges had to wait for everyone.
One day the trio came across another rider, not on the road but lying in a ditch.
Somewhere between Lyon and Grenoble on stage five – three times the direct distance the way the race went – Pépin pulled out the money he had promised his little team and set off for the train home. Dargassies joined Pépin on the train. Gauban carried on, finishing 36th in stage six, 27th on stage four. By stage eight he was only 36 minutes in arrears, but something happened on stage nine and he dropped behind by 2 hours and 12 minutes. Despite pulling back to an hour and six minutes on stage 10, where he finished 14th, he pulled out on the 11th. It was his fifth and final Tour.
It was also the last Tour for Dargassies, who had come 11th in 1903 and fourth in 1904 before abandoning in 1905 and 1907.
Nobility myth.
Henri Pépin, because of his aristocratic-sounding story, is often described as a baron or a count. The Danish writer and television commentator, Svend Novrup, imagined a scene in which Pépin called his assistants to see him:
Two athletic young men entered the beautiful room of a castle near Toulouse. The gorgeous furniture, perfectly hand-crafted, tastefully complemented the decorations on the walls. They were impressed, but they were also curious. Who was this Count Pépin de Gontaud who had asked their help as cyclists? He didn't disappoint. He shone with idealism if one overlooked a bit of a belly. His dress was modern for 1907 and his handlebar moustache was well kept. He addressed his guests in a light tone ...
The confusion arose because of the trunk of belongings that Pépin carried with him through the Tour. On it was stenciled "Henri Pépin de Gontaud". The "de" gave the impression of aristocracy and that was what journalists concluded when they were intrigued by his dilettante manners. The truth was more prosaic: Henri Pépin was simply from a village called Gontaud-de-Nogaret, not near Toulouse but on the Toulouse side of Bordeaux. Far from being his name, it was his address.
The house is still there, in the main street. Pépin was described as a "propriétaire", or house-owner. The house is substantial but not a château and there are no extensive grounds.
Nor was Pépin a novice to cycling. He rode seven stages of the 1905 Tour de France. He called it a day from Toulouse to Bordeaux, perhaps when he got close to Gontaud. Dargassies also rode the 1905 race and it was probably there they forged their alliance.
A picture of Pépin on the cover of "Le Cycle" of October 1894 – he was a celebrity even then – shows the normal lean young man of the period, with intense eyes, a weak chin and the obligatory twizzled moustache. More formal studio pictures show him in the slightly effete, Oscar Wilde-like, pose of gentlemen-displaying-their-calves. A more informal picture shows another Pépin. He is in plus-fours and a four-buttoned jacket. The top button is fastened and through it hangs a St Christopher medal. The picture in "Le Cycle" describes him as a member of the Veloce Club de Marmande.
Pépin was already vice-consul of the Union Vélocipédique de France when in 1897 he published a booklet about how he and a rider called Richard, possibly his son, rode a tandem from Paris to Agen in 57 hours and 45 minutes They were joined by their trainer, Louis Lambert, on a bicycle.
Their account starts:
Set off from Paris on Friday 21 June 1895 at 5.25am from the Porte Maillot, where Monsieur Haufert, timekeeper of the Union, gave us the starting signal, we crossed the Bois de Boulogne towards Versailles. The weather was cold, that damp coldness of some mornings in June which makes you search for a light jacket and freezes your hands; but we were full of ardour, replete with good advice and lots of energy and it was happily that Richard and I on the tandem and our trainer Lambert on a bicycle started our long journey for the record from Paris to Agen.
It ends:
The trees passed with an unseen speed, feverish enthusiasm filled our arteries, we lifted our machine with the effort of our pushing, the cyclists who accompanied us, although they were fresh, could not follow us, and it was with happiness that we waved to them from the top of the Petites Soeurs hill in that town of Agen so distant, so desired. A splendid woman gave us flowers there and it was in a whirlwind of dust that we arrived at the Gravier velodrome, in the middle of a crowd of people gathered for the bicycle races and to applaud our arrival. All Agen was there.
Pépin, while not a château-owning aristocrat, did have the leisure of not working. Nor did he lack money, which he made clear to the organiser of the Tour de France. Henri Desgrange replied:
Dear Mr Pépin, it is with great pleasure that, according to the desire you expressed in your last letter, instead of sending you cash for the allowances owed to you, "L'Auto" will provide you with a medal to the same value.
Pépin also toured Europe by bicycle and amassed a collection of photographs, many of them made by heavy glass negatives which he carried with him.
Death.
Pépin died in Bordeaux in 1914 of "athleticism", which could mean a coronary attributed to a heart enlarged by sport. He had started his third Tour de France that summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19949085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949085" title="Sidney Kilner Levett-Yeats">
Sidney Kilner Levett-Yeats

Sidney Kilner Levett-Yeats CIE, (c. 1858–1916), an English novelist known professionally as S. Levett-Yeats, was the descendant of an old English trading family with connections to British India. S. Levett-Yeats became a soldier with the Indian Army and later joined the Indian Civil Service as a low-level bureaucrat. Inspired by the example of other ambitious Anglo-Indian writers like Rudyard Kipling, Levett-Yeats turned out a series of Victorian potboilers, often set in Europe, that earned him a place on the bestseller lists of the day.
Family.
Levett-Yeats was descended from Francis Levett, an English factor working for the Levant Company in Livorno, Italy, who later moved to British East Florida to become a planter. Levett's daughter married Dr. David Yeats, a physician who was the Secretary of the East Florida Colony in Florida. The Levetts were an old Anglo-Norman family who grew rich building one of the first large English multinational trading firms, Sir Richard Levett & Co. In that capacity, the family traded around the globe, and Sir Richard Levett, Lord Mayor of London, served as an early member of the London East India Company. Sidney Levett-Yeats was born in England, the son of Charles Levett-Yeats. His father, who died in 1878, was Under-Secretary to the Government of Bombay. His mother was the former Caroline Smith, daughter of James Smith, Esq., of Satara district, Maharashtra, India, where the couple were married at St Thomas' Church in 1857.
Levett-Yeats' brother Gerald Aylmer (known professionally as G.A. Levett-Yeats) was also a writer, as well as an illustrator, particularly of books relating to the fauna and flora of the subcontinent and the East. G.A. Levett-Yeats (1863–1938) lived in Calcutta, and was best known for his illustrations for the books "The Birds of Singapore Island" and "The Common Birds of India". Like his brother, G.A. Levett-Yeats began his career in the Indian civil service, in his case as "sub-deputy opium inspector" in the "Opium Department" in Bengal. G.A. Levett-Yeats' own book about India of 1898 carried the title: "India: In the Land of the White Poppy". His other book about India was called "My Indian Garden".
Early career.
Sidney Levett-Yeats' career began as a soldier in the Brithis Indian Army, where he served as Lieutenant in the Punjab Light Horse. He later entered the British government civil service in the Punjab, where he began writing fiction on the side. His title within Her Majesty's Government was Deputy Examiner in the Public Works Department, and he served 15 years in the department. But as his career as a popular novelist took off, he eventually received a furlough from his civil service job in India and returned to England.
Novels.
Levett-Yeats set his boisterous novels in wildly different locales, and his novels struck a chord with an English audience enamoured of historical romance. The genre was so popular that it was known as the 'cloak and sword school.' "The Lord Protector", for instance, set in the days of the English Commonwealth under Oliver Cromwell, describes the hunting down of an ardent Royalist. "A Galahad of the Creeks" was set during the Burmese wars. "The Chevalier d'Auriac" concerned Henry of Navarre. Other tales were set in swashbuckling Europe. "Orrain: A Romance", published by Methuen in London and by Longmans in the United States, told a tale of King Henry II of France and his wife Catherine de' Medici." The Chevalier d'Auriac" was serialized in Longman's Magazine in 1897.
Levett's best-known book was "The Honour of Savelli", a tale of treachery and intrigue set during the era of the Borgias in medieval Italy. The work, noted a review in the magazine "Book Reviews", captured Levett's strong suit: his storytelling ability. "The freedom and dash of his recital, and the general ability shown in the handling of his characters and in the quality of his style are his strongest credentials," noted the review.
Critique.
"The Honour of Savelli" even made Levett-Yeats' friend from Lahore's Punjab Club, Rudyard Kipling, sit up and take notice. "When I knew him in the Punjab Club in the old days," Kipling wrote to a friend about Levett-Yeats, "he was full of notions about a mutiny tale and he may have something up his sleeve that would be worth getting at."
Levett-Yeats had a flair for story, but the critics were not always impressed by his writing style. "He has romance and pretty turn for dramatic episodes," said "The New York Tribune" about his book "The Heart of Denise and Other Tales". "The Indian tales show that while Mr. Yeats is far below Mr. Kipling in the treatment of the material to be found among the natives, he is at any rate clever and readable. His vignettes of landscape are drawn with special grace."
Style.
Levett's novels were the equivalent of today's action movies: full of chase scenes, dramatic battles and high-strung melodrama. The gist of Levett-Yeats' "Chevalier d'Auriac", said "The New York Times", "is the way the King reveals his true manliness and gives over Mme. de Tremouille to the Chevalier, who had wooed her so long and undergone so many dangers on her account." Perhaps more darkly, The Times hinted in its review of such astonishing similarities between Levett's book and that of another popular writer of the day, Stanley J. Weyman, that, it declared, "were it not for the author's name and preface, the average reader would certainly believe (it) to be another work from the facile pen of Mr. Weyman."
For English novelists of the age, India offered a beguiling chance to explore the exotic and the raffish. Levett-Yeats began with tales of the East, before moving on mostly to stories set among the jousters of medieval Europe. "India still remains a favorite hunting-ground of the novelist, and the field of Mr. Kipling and Mrs. Steel is this week re-occupied by Mr. S. Levett-Yeats, who is well-known at the libraries by reason of his successful story, 'The Honour of Savelli,'" said the New York magazine "The Critic" in 1897. Because of his service as soldier, bureaucrat and traveller on the Indian subcontinent, noted the magazine, "he has therefore had abundant opportunity for observing the things which he describes."
Later life.
Unlike Kipling, who stayed with the characters and literary topography he mined in India, Levett-Yeats was driven by temperament or the demands of readers and the marketplace to stray further afield. He returned to England, where he lived as a successful, although mostly critically ignored, commercial novelist. Unlike Kipling, Levett-Yeats seemed more interested in rewards of the pocketbook rather than paeans from the critics, and by that measure, at least, he seems to have been a success.
In his retelling of medieval legends that echoed King Arthur, Levett-Yeats provided a window into the British colonial mind at the end of the nineteenth century. Some scholars now suggest that Levett-Yeats' tales of chivalric derring-do mask a deeper insecurity about the English mandate in India. Underlying the romance of Levett-Yeats' tales, they suggest, is a darker world view, tinctured by the challenges to British authority in the Punjab after the Indian Rebellion of 1857, which demonstrated how tenuous the East India Company's hold was on an enormous nation. Levett-Yeats anachronistic tales of distressed damsels and heroic knights might have been the tonic England needed at the time.
In 1906 he married a lady named Mildred Eagles, and after this date, he does not appear to have published anything. He was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (C.I.E.) in recognition of his services in India.
Levett-Yeats was a member of the Savage Club in London, as well as the Punjab and United Service Clubs in Lucknow. He listed his hobbies as "riding, shooting and hunting."
Sidney Kilner Levett-Yeats died at Steyning, West Sussex, in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="19949091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949091" title="Arthur Maclean">
Arthur Maclean

Arthur John MacLean (6 July 1858 – 24 February 1943) was an Anglican bishop in the later decades of the 19th century and first four of the 20th century.
Maclean was born into an ecclesiastical family. His father, the Rev Arthur J. Macleane (he later dropped the final "e" from the surname), began a career in the East India Company before returning to England, obtaining a degree Trinity College Cambridge, being ordained and securing appointment as inaugural Principal of Brighton College (1846–51). He held two subsequent headships and was editor of various Classical texts, especially Horace and Juvenal.
Maclean was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1882 and he was head of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Assyrian Mission from 1886 to 1891 and then Rector of Portree. In 1882 he became Dean of Argyll and The Isles and after this was Rector of Selkirk before a spell as Principal of the Scottish Episcopal Theological College and then a nearly 40 years episcopacy as Bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness. Late in his life he was additionally elected Primus of the Scottish Episcopal Church. An eminent author, he died on 24 February 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19949092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949092" title="The Personality of the Deity">
The Personality of the Deity

In response to Ralph Waldo Emerson's Divinity School Address, Henry Ware, Jr. delivered a sermon titled The Personality of the Deity in the chapel of Harvard University on September 23, 1838. Because of the wide circulation of Emerson's address among non-Divinity students, Ware found it necessary, after a lengthy exchange of letters with Emerson, to present his response to the entire University community during the next term. The sermon refuted some of Emerson's pantheist ideas and reasserted, as the title suggests, the willful personality of God. The sermon is generally regarded as one of Ware's best works and marks a turning point in the perceptions of true Unitarianism. Where it had previously been portrayed as liberal or even radical by the Trinitarians who had just fifty years before controlled the University, the departure of the Trinitarians and the rises of Transcendentalism and of Secular Humanism now made Unitarianism the conservative position. Although widely condemned by University faculty, Emerson's address was very popular among students, many of whom, as Unitarian ministers, led their congregations towards Emerson's ideology. Accordingly, Ware's sermon never received the wide attention and study that Emerson's address did.

</doc>
<doc id="19949116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949116" title="E.J. Sand Public School">
E.J. Sand Public School

E.J. Sand Public School was founded by Eilert J. Sand, located in Thornhill, Ontario. It is a part of the York Region District School Board. Its graduation ceremonies are held at Vaughan Secondary School.
History.
E.J. Sand opened in 1964. It is named after Eilert J. Sand, who was born in Wisconsin, USA on September 26, 1908.
Athletics.
E.J. Sand has a basketball and volleyball team for both boys and girls. The E.J. Sand boys basketball team participated in the area tournament in 2009. There is also volleyball for girls and boys.
Clubs and activities.
E.J. Sand has a chess team, which competed at the Markham Chess Challenge 2009. It also participates in Math League, Gauss, and World Maths Day. E.J. Sand had a science fair for the intermediate grade students in February 2009.Many other clubs or teams were recently organized in 2010 involving such things as bandminton,soccer and floor hockey The student council hosts spirit days monthly. The school also has a halloween dance and a valentine's dance in which the student council organizes. 
Related schools.
Students who graduate from E.J. Sand usually choose go to Thornhill Secondary School or Thornlea Secondary School.

</doc>
<doc id="19949129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949129" title="Eduardo Paes">
Eduardo Paes

Eduardo da Costa Paes () (born 14 November 1969) is a Brazilian politician who is the mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro, having defeated Fernando Gabeira in the 2008 Elections. On 12 August 2012, at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony, Paes received the Olympic Flag, via Jacques Rogge, from London Mayor, Boris Johnson.
"Paes was a noted trenchant critic of the Lula administration, particularly during the Mensalão scandal in 2005 over alleged payments to congressmen for votes" 
Though when it came to be his administration as Rio de Janeiro's mayor the scandals would happen as well 
“Favelas are not always a problem. Favelas can sometimes really be a solution.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19949133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949133" title="Song to the Auspicious Cloud">
Song to the Auspicious Cloud

The Song to the Auspicious Cloud was the title of two historical national anthems of the Republic of China. The first version, composed by Joam Hautstone, a French musician in Beijing, was in use from 1913 to 1915 as a provisional anthem. The second version, composed by Xiao Youmei, was in use from 1921 to 1928 as an official national anthem. Both the lyrics of the two songs were based on "Commentary of Shang Shu" (尚书大传) written by Fu Sheng in 200 BC to 100BC.
Origin.
Both the lyrics of the two versions of the Song to the Auspicious Cloud was based on a song written in Commentary of Shangshu, which was said to be sung by the ancient Chinese emperor Shun when he demised his seats to Yu. Its original lyrics was in classical Chinese:
The image of the song symbolized transfer and changing, which referred to the noble demise system of Chinese emperor relinquishing seats to others in Yao and Shun's era before the hereditary system of monarchy in ancient Chinese legends. After overthrowing the monarchy, the lyrics of the classical Song to the Auspicious Cloud was favored by many people to be the national anthem of the new republic.
First version of the Song to the Auspicious Cloud (1913 - 1915).
A National Anthem Committee was established by Cai Yuanpei, the minister of the Ministry of Education of the Republic of China in July 1912. Representative Wang Rongbao (汪荣宝), added another quotation from the Emperor Shun: "时哉夫，天下非一人之天下也" (Time has changed, the whole nation is no longer owned by one person.) in the last line of "Song to the Auspicious Cloud" and invited Joam Hautstont to compose an anthem. In April 8, 1913, the national anthem was used in opening ceremony of the first regular council. It was a provisional anthem until "China Heroically Stands in the Universe" became the national anthem of the Republic of China on May 23, 1915.
Second Version of the Song to the Auspicious Cloud (1921 - 1928).
In November 1919, Tuan Chi-jui established the National Anthem Research Committee (國歌研究會), which adopted the second version of the "Song to the Auspicious Cloud". Lyrics (1920) by Zhang Taiyan (章太炎) from the classic "the Song to the Auspicious Cloud" (卿雲歌) from "the Commentary of Shangshu". Music (1921) by Xiao Youmei (蕭友梅).
It was selected to be the official anthem on March 31, 1921, by No.759 presidential decree, and was released in July 1921 by the Department of National Affairs (國務院).
It was replaced by the current national anthem of the Republic of China (which is also the Kuomintang party anthem) in 1928, as a result of the Northern Expedition from 1926-1928. However, during the Second Sino-Japanese war. Several puppet governments established by the Japanese army, such as Provisional Government of the Republic of China, Reformed Government of the Republic of China, also used this anthem, as these puppet state recommissioned all the old Republic of China national symbols before Kuomintang came to power in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="19949150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949150" title="Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Sør-Norge">
Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Sør-Norge

Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Sør-Norge (BSIS) was a Norwegian infantry officer training school, in operation between 1945 and 1994.
History.
BSIS was established by royal resolution in the autumn of 1945 to serve as the new infantry officer training school in the south of Norway. The new government formed by Einar Gerhardsen on 25 June 1945 had immediately initiated a comprehensive review of Norway's military capability after the end of hostilities with Germany on 8 May 1945. BSIS was established in order to complement Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Trøndelag (BSIT), established 1804, and Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Nord-Norge (BSIN), established in 1899, and would form the new backbone of army officer training in southern Norway.
The school was located at Heistadmoen infantry base outside Kongsberg, which had been the home of Telemark Infantry Regiment since 1909 and had been expanded by the German occupation forces during the war years between 1940 and 1945. The landscape around Heistadmoen was ideal for infantry training with large surrounding forests and hilly terrain. The inland climate at Heistadmoen, ranging from -30 °C in winter to 30 °C in summer, was also ideal for infantry training in harsh weather conditions.
During the 1950s and 1960s BSIS grew to become the largest officer training facility in Norway. A large weapons testing and training area was built in the Hengsvatn region near the base which was also used by other branches of the armed forces. The school educated approximately 12,700 sergeants for service in the army between establishment in 1945 and disbandment in 1994.
Heistadmoen after BSIS.
BSIS was disbanded in June 1994 in connection with Heistadmoen infantry base becoming the training base of Norway's contingent in NATO's Immediate Reaction Force (IRF). In August 2001, Telemark Infantry Battalion was moved to Rena base in Hedmark, which was also home of the cavalry and airborne forces in the south of Norway. In January 2003, Telemark Infantry Regiment was disbanded having existed at various locations since the formation of the Norwegian army in 1628 and at Heistadmoen since 1909.
Heistadmoen is today under administration by the Norwegian Territorial Army and activity is much reduced from the 1990s with part of the base area redeveloped for civilian use.

</doc>
<doc id="19949153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949153" title="Rude 66">
Rude 66

Rude 66 (Real name Ruud Lekx, Delft 1966) is a Dutch electronic musician and recording artist currently living in Amsterdam. Live and occasionally on records, his wife Shaunna Lekx is also part of the band as a vocalist and co-writer of lyrics. Rude 66 has been a longtime collaborator of the Bunker Records label, and has released influential records in both acid house and electro music styles of electronic music.
Name.
The name Rude 66 is a reference to both the English pronunciation of Lekx's first name and year of birth. It's also a play on the famous American highway Route 66.
History.
Rude 66 started as a musician in the 80's, playing keyboards in Noise band "Kamika6" who gained some notoirity in the Dutch underground scene but only produced a demo cassette. In school, he met "Eric van Spelde" with whom he formed "Voice of the Mute", an Electronic body music band who released a track on a compilation on Body Records in 1990. They then formed the duo Modulate, who released a techno EP in 1993 on Belgian label SSR, an offshoot of Crammed Discs.
Meeting up again with highschool friend "Guy Tevares" who just started Bunker Records, Rude gave Tevares a tape of acid tracks that was released on Bunker in 1993. Like many of Rude's earlier tracks, this was produced by "Arno Peeters". The double LP received favorable reviews and tracks were played on National radio. It was followed by a string of albums that established Rude 66 as one of the main names of the label and of the lo-fi acid scene. These albums all have the typical Bunker look: there is no sleeve and there are no track titles: the only info is the artist name and the catalogue number on the black label. Rude started his own label Speedster Records in 1995, but due to distribution problems only one EP was released in a limited edition of 300 copies. Most were sold through the Hotmix Mailorder of I-f.
Rude moved to Djax-Up-Beats in 1996 and released 2 ep's there, before Bunker restarted and Rude was among the first artists to release electro ep's like the classic Machine EP. 
from 1996-2005 Rude 66 was connected to the CEM studio in Amsterdam, starting the "Vynalogica" label in 2000 where artists could work with the studio's vintage modular synthesizers and the results released as ep's. Records were released by Legowelt, Orgue Electronique, Dntel, Bong-Ra, Solvent, Lowfish, and others.
Recently Rude 66 releases his main output on the "Creme Organisation" label, including "Black Sabbath" (2005), "the 1000 Year Storm" (2007), "As" (2008) and the "Sadistic Tendencies" (2008) album.
As a live artist, Rude 66 has played all over the world in the last 15 years, including the US and most European countries. 
from 2007, Rude 66 has been invlolved in the running of the "Cybernetic Broadcasting System" with long time musical friend I-f. Rude also has his own "Cosmic Space" show on the station.
Discography.
Albums.
"Bunker 012" (Bunker, 1994)
"Bunker 013" (Bunker, 1994)
"Bunker 019" (Bunker, 1994 cd compilation of 012 and 013)
"Bunker 020" (Bunker 1995)
"The Devils Highway" (Silver Recordings, 1996)
"Bunker 027" (Bunker, 1997)
"Bunker 028" (Bunker, 1997)
"Sadistic Tendencies" (Crème Organisation, 2008)
Ep's and Singles.
Modulate- "Dreams EP" (Crammed/SSR, 1993)
"Acid Planet 3" 7" (Acid Planet, 1994)
"Lucifer" (Djax-Up-Beats,1996)
"66 deadly sins" (Kultbox, 1997)
"B-day" (Djax-Up-Beats, 1998)
"De machine des duivels" (Bunker, 2000)
"De Wraak der wegpiraten" (Bunker 2002)
"Black Sabbath" (Creme Organisation, 2005)
"Overkill" (Viewlexx, 2005)
"Strings of Death" (Vynalogica, 2006)
"1000 Year storm" (Crème Organisation, 2007)
"As" (Crème Organisation, 2008)
Exclusive tracks on compilations.
Voice of the Mute- "Mission Impossible" (on "Somewhere in the Skeleton", Body Records, 1990)
"The Covenant" (on "Bunker 3000", Bunker, 1999)
"Donker" (on "Eurelectro.nix" ep, Angelmaker, 2003)
"Killers" (on "Tribute to Iron Maiden", Angelmaker cd/ep, 2004)
"Die Stärke der Vernichtende Schläge"(on "Stalingrad vol.1", Bunker, 2005)
"Undercover" (on "Tribute to Bob Moog", Crème Organisation cd/ep, 2006)
"Angst Bleibt" (on "Nagasaki Nightriders", Crème Organisation, 2007)
"Donker" (on "Le Mix", International DJ Gigolo, 2008)
"St. Elmo's Fire" (on "Another Another Green World", Narrominded, 2010
Remixes.
Riplets- "Hey Mickey" (Rude 66 remix), G&J Records, 2004
Bastards of Love- "Rituals" (Rude 66 remix), Werocklikecrazy, 2005
Maarten van der Vleuten- "Eltec" (Rude 66 remix), Mighty Robot Recordings, 2006
Sally Shapiro- "By your side" ((Rude 66 808 and 909remix), Discocaine, 2006
Psyche- "Unveiling the Secret" (Rude 66 remix), Electronic Corporation, 2006
Ra-X- "Dresden 1943, 2nd front" (Rude 66 remix), Angelmaker, 2007
Johan Agebjörn- "Spacer woman" (Rude 66 remix), LOEB, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19949164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949164" title="Edward James (politician)">
Edward James (politician)

Edward James (November 26, 1825 – October 15, 1909) was a millwright and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born and educated in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the son of Arthur James and Mary Ann Ernst. His grandfather, also named Edward James, also served as a member of the legislative assembly. In 1853, he married Eliza Lantz. James served as captain in the local militia. He lived at Mahone Bay. James ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1874. He died in Lunenburg at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19949212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949212" title="Revolution of the Citizens">
Revolution of the Citizens

The "Revolution of the Citizens" () was a provisional anthem of the Republic of China. It was written by Liao Qianwu (廖乾五), an officer at Whampoa Military Academy. 
The anthem is sung to the tune of "Frère Jacques" (common known as "Two Tigers" in China). It was released on July 1, 1926.
Lyrics.
Overthrow the foreign Powers, × 2
Eliminate the warlords; × 2
The citizens strive hard for the Revolution, × 2
Joint affair to fight. × 2
Make a great union! × 2
Overthrow the imperialism, × 2
Joint affair to fight. × 2
Eliminate the warlords; × 2
The Revolution is successful; ×2
Joyfully sing in unison. ×2
努力國民革命，努力國民革命，
打倒帝國主義，打倒帝國主義，
國民革命成功，國民革命成功，

</doc>
<doc id="19949248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949248" title="Legally Blonde (soundtrack)">
Legally Blonde (soundtrack)

Legally Blonde is the original soundtrack album, on the A&M label, of the 2001 Golden Globe-nominated film "Legally Blonde" starring Reese Witherspoon, Selma Blair, Luke Wilson and Victor Garber. The original score was produced by Rolfe Kent.
The album was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Score.

</doc>
<doc id="19949267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949267" title="Workers Committee for National Liberation – Political Organisation for the Working Class">
Workers Committee for National Liberation – Political Organisation for the Working Class

Workers Committee for National Liberation – Political Organisation for the Working Class (, abbreviated 'WCNL') was a militant anti-imperialist labour organisation in Egypt. The emergence of WCNL was part on an ongoing radicalization and upsurge of the national movement in Egypt 1945-1946.
Founding.
WCNL was founded by a group of trade unionists linked to the communist "al-Fajr aj-Jadid" group. WCNL was constituted at a 3-day meeting held in the residence of Yusuf Darwish in mid-September 1945. Eight persons attended the meeting, but only the six that were workers signed the founding declaration.
"ad-Damir".
WCNL acquired a lease for the publishing license of an existing weekly newspaper, "ad-Damir", to function as the organ of WCNL. Mahmud al-Askari (who was the general secretary of the General Union of Mechanised Textile Workers in Shubra Al-Kheima and Cairo) became the editor of the newspaper whilst Taha Saad Uthman (who was president of the GUMTWSKC) became the secretary of its editorial board. Both had taken part in the founding of WCNL. The first copy of "ad-Damir" published by WCNL came out in September 1945.
Publication of WCNL programme.
One of the founding members of WCNL, Yusuf al-Mudarrik, travelled to Paris for the 1945 founding congress of the World Federation of Trade Unions. Al-Mudarrik had been chosen to represent 102 labour unions, with a combined membership of around 80,000. At the congress he distributed English and French versions of the WCNL programme. The programme had a nationalist and anti-capitalist profile and called for the expulsion of all British troops from Egypt, land reform, and nationalizations. The programme stated that it was the task of the working class to lead this struggle. The WCNL programme was published in Egypt on October 8, 1945, one day after martial law was lifted. WCNL distributed 15,000 copies of the programme, plus 25,000 copies of an accompanying statement.
Development.
The programme and political discourse of WCNL was well received in the Egyptian trade union movement. However, the group was unable to expand its membership. Some prominent trade union leaders felt that the WCNL nucleus had excluded them from the founding of the new organization.
Initially the Egyptian government tried to co-opt the WCNL. The organisation was reportedly offered a substantial sum of money if a government protege was appointed editor of "ad-Damir". When the WCNL refused, repressive measures were used against the organisation.
Shubra El-Kheima strike and government crackdown.
In December 1945 a textile workers strike broke out in Shubra El-Kheima, in response to an occupation by army and police forces of the area. The government accused the WCNL of leading the strike. Around 600 workers were arrested as police and army forces tried to break up the strike. Al-Mudarrik, Uthman and al-Askari were arrested on January 2, 1946. The government dissolved the textile workers union in Shubra El-Kheima. "Ad-Damir" ceased publication in January 1946. The three WCNL leaders would remain in jail until May 30 the same year.
The government crackdown on WCNL paralysed the organisation and broke the influence of "al-Fajr al-Jadid" in the trade union movement. Following the arrests to the WCNL leaders another faction, the Egyptian Movement for National Liberation, became the most prominent communist group amongst the Egyptian workers.

</doc>
<doc id="19949269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949269" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
17 teams entered in two heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals and the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Two semifinals took place. The top two finishers from each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advanced directly to the final.
The Antiguan and Barbudan crew did not participate in the semifinal.
Final.
The final was held on August 3.
Romania established an early lead, gradually expanding it through the 750 meter mark. Meanwhile, the Germans were in last place after 250 meters before moving up to fourth place at 500 meters. Gathering strength in the third quarter of the race, the Germans launched a sustained sprint to the finish that made up 2.15 seconds on the Romanians in the last 250 meters of the race to pass them right before the finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19949273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949273" title="The Linkery">
The Linkery

The Linkery is a farm-to-table restaurant in North Park, San Diego, California that specializes in natural meat, local food, fine wines, craft beer, and cask ale. The restaurant's name refers to their daily-changing offerings of house-made sausages.
The Linkery was founded in 2005 by Jay Porter, a former engineer and consultant for consumer electronics companies with no prior restaurant experience. Porter is responsible for the restaurant's strict no-tipping policy, which has angered other nearby establishments.
The Linkery's philosophy is based in part on the premise that "eating is an agricultural act," proposed by Wendell Berry in "The Pleasures of Eating."
As of July 15, 2013, The Linkery closed and the location was re-sold to another company.
Recognition.
The Linkery was named as one of the 100 best farm-to-table restaurants in America by "Gourmet Magazine" (Oct 2007). It was also featured as one of the 100 best places to drink beer in America by "Imbibe Magazine" (September 2008).
In March 2010, the San Diego City Attorney's office contacted the Linkery's owner claiming that the restaurant violated California Business and Professions Code Section 12024.2 for unfair competition and making untrue or misleading representations about pricing. It is the owner's practice to charge an additional 18% of the price of the total bill.

</doc>
<doc id="19949296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949296" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Merced County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Merced County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Merced County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19949313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949313" title="2008 CIS football season">
2008 CIS football season

The 2008 CIS football season began on August 23, 2008, and concluded with the 44th Vanier Cup national championship on November 22 at Ivor Wynne Stadium in Hamilton, Ontario, with the Laval Rouge et Or winning their fifth championship. Twenty-seven universities across Canada compete in CIS football, the highest level of amateur play in Canadian football, under the auspices of Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS).
Schedule.
The regular-season schedule began early with a single Canada West Universities Athletic Association game in week one on Saturday, August 23, between the UBC Thunderbirds and the Simon Fraser Clan at Swangard Stadium in Burnaby. The Ontario University Athletics and remaining CWUAA teams got underway the following week during the Labour Day weekend and the Quebec and Atlantic conferences beginning their matches the week following that.
The regular-season concluded in Week 10 on the weekend of October 24/25 for all but the Ontario conference, who had concluded the previous week and held their conference quarter-finals. All conferences held their semi-finals the weekend of November 1/2, and conference championships the weekend of November 8/9. This year, the National Semi-Finals took place on November 16. The Calgary Dinos, the Hardy Trophy-winning Canada West team travelled to Quebec City to take on the Dunsmore Cup winning Laval Rouge-et-Or of the Quebec conference for the Uteck Bowl and the Atlantic conference's Saint Mary's Huskies Jewett Trophy winners visited the Western Ontario Mustangs, Ontario's Yates Cup winners, in London for the Mitchell Bowl. Finally the Bowl winners, Laval and Western, met for the Vanier Cup national championship on Saturday, November 22, in Hamilton, the day before the Canadian Football League's 96th Grey Cup in Montreal. Laval won the game 44-21 and became the just the twelfth CIS team to finish a season undefeated.
2007 marked the first year that the Vanier Cup and Grey Cup were played on the same weekend but they both took place in Toronto's Rogers Centre as part of the 95th Grey Cup celebrations. Dating back to 1973, previous Vanier Cups had always been played the week following the Grey Cup.
Awards and records.
All-Canadian Team.
Second Team.
The Laval Rouge-et-Or had a record eight first team all-Canadians on offence, defence and special teams.
Career records.
27 new top-ten achievements were added to the all-time career record books in 2008 including five new records as running back Daryl Stephenson completed his record career at Windsor and several passing/receiving records were set at McGill.
The passing completions record book was completely re-written in 2008 as three players beat Greg Vavra's 25-year old record of 611.
Results.
Regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
"Teams in bold have earned playoff berths.
Top 10.
Ranks in "italics" are teams not ranked in the top 10 poll but received votes.
NR = Not Ranked, received no votes.
Championships.
The Vanier Cup is played between the champions of the Mitchell Bowl and the Uteck Bowl, the national semi-final games. In 2008, according to the rotating schedule, the winners of the Atlantic conference Loney Bowl meet the Ontario conference's Yates Cup champion for the Mitchell Bowl. The winners of the Canada West conference Hardy Trophy travel to the Dunsmore Cup Quebec championship team for the Uteck Bowl.
The Canada West play-offs start with the top four placed teams from the regular season, with the top placed team hosting the fourth place and the second place team hosting the third placed. The winners of those semi-finals then compete for the Hardy Cup championship who then travels to the Quebec champion for a national semi-final game.
The Quebec play-offs similarly play-off the top four placed teams with the Dunsmore Cup champions moving on to host the Uteck Bowl against the Canada West champions.
The Ontario conference started out with the top six placed teams from the regular season. The third placed team hosted the sixth place team and the fourth placed team hosted the team in fifth place. The winners then took on the top two placed teams in the conference semi-finals and the semi-final champions compete for the Yates Cup. According to the rotating CIS Bowl schedule, the Ontario champions, in 2008, host the Atlantic conference champions for the Mitchell Bowl national semi-final game.
In the Atlantic conference play-offs, the second place St. Francis Xavier X-Men defeated the third placed Mount Allison Mounties to move on to face the first place Saint Mary's Huskies at the Loney Bowl for the Jewett Trophy. Saint Mary's victory means that they then travel to the Ontario champion Western Ontario Mustangs to meet in the Mitchell Bowl.
The 2008 Uteck Bowl saw the number one ranked Laval Rouge-et-Or dominate the sixth-ranked Calgary Dinos with a 59 to 10 win. With the win, Laval continues their streak of winning all four Bowl games played at PEPS Stadium and hope to continue their record of being undefeated in all four previous appearances at the Vanier Cup.
At home at TD Waterhouse Stadium, the number three ranked Western Ontario Mustangs defeated the number five ranked Saint Mary's Huskies to win the Mitchell Bowl with a score of 28 to 12. Western lost in the 2007 Mitchell Bowl to Manitoba Bisons and last won a Vanier Cup in 1994.
Vanier Cup.
The 44th Vanier Cup marked Western's 12th appearance at the Vanier, the most by any team. They also hold the record for the number of Vanier Cup wins with 6. It was Laval's fifth appearance at the Vanier during their ten-year history, having won each of their previous appearances. 2008 also marked the first Vanier Cup game to feature both a Quebec university and an Ontario university. Laval won the game 44-21 and gained their fifth championship since 1999 to become the just the twelfth CIS team to finish a season undefeated.
Laval's victory completed their season without a single loss, the twelfth perfect season in Canadian university history, and puts them tied for second among Canadian universities with five Vanier Cups. Only Western has more with six national championships. It also marked Glen Constantin's fourth Vanier Cup victory as head coach, tying the record set by Calgary's Peter Connellan.
The attendance at Ivor Wynne was 13,873 with light snow and a temperature of . The attendance at the 2007 Vanier was 26,787 at the Roger's Centre during the 95th Grey Cup weekend. The 2006 Vanier Cup was sold-out with 12,567 in Saskatoon's Griffiths Stadium and the 2005 cup at Ivor Wynne had 16,827 spectators.
Though there were no bids by the deadline to host the 2009 Vanier Cup, Constantin said Laval does intend to do so. Canadian Interuniversity Sport intended to discuss the issue during its December 1–2 board meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="19949324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949324" title="Soli Deo Gloria (album)">
Soli Deo Gloria (album)

Soli Deo Gloria is the first studio album by Norwegian futurepop band Apoptygma Berzerk. It was originally released in 1993 and gained the band attention the world over. It had been out of print for years until it was remastered and reissued in 2003 by Tatra Records and then again in 2007 as a digital release. It was re-issued as a deluxe remaster edition with a digipak cover in 2008.
"Ashes To Ashes '93" is an updated version of the song "Ashes to Ashes" found on the band's first single of the same name.
All Tomorrow's Parties is a The Velvet Underground cover.

</doc>
<doc id="19949350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949350" title="Veltrusy Mansion">
Veltrusy Mansion

Veltrusy mansion is a baroque chateau in Veltrusy, Bohemia now Mělník District Czech Republic. The mansion is located near the banks of the Vltava River at about 20 km North of Prague.
The mansion was initially built in 1716 by architect František Maxmilián Kaňka for Václav Antonín Chotek, count of Chotkov and Vojnín. The original mansion was extended in 1764 by architect Giovanni Battista Alliprandi on orders of count Rudolf Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín who also commissioned the interior decoration. Further extensions and the annexes of the mansion were constructed in 1804.

</doc>
<doc id="19949352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949352" title="WGBH">
WGBH

WGBH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19949370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949370" title="Peter Fogg">
Peter Fogg

Peter Parry Fogg (1832 – 22 March 1920) was Archdeacon of George in the Cape of Good Hope from 1871 onwards.
Life.
Fogg was born at Coppa, Mold in the county of Flintshire in north Wales. He was educated in Germany, Christ College, Tasmania and Jesus College, Oxford. At Oxford, he obtained a third-class degree in Literae Humaniores and was secretary, treasurer and president of the Oxford Union Society. He was the first man from Jesus College to become President of the Union. He was ordained in 1860 and served at churches in Lambeth, Highgate and Streatham. In 1871, he was appointed Archdeacon of George. He was a member of the first council of the University of the Cape of Good Hope (1873). In 1899, he was appointed vicar-general of Saint Helena. He died on 22 March 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19949371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949371" title="Graveyard Alive">
Graveyard Alive

Graveyard Alive: A Zombie Nurse in Love, is an independent zombie horror/comedy directed by Elza Kephart. The film is in black and white and it is dubbed. The film, had its U.S. premiere at the 2004 Slamdance festival in Park City, Utah and won best Cinematography.
The movie was made by Bastard Amber Productions, and it was filmed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The movie was featured in (2004) (Doc)
Synopsis.
Patsy Powers (Day-Jones) is a homely nurse who pines for handsome Dr. Dox (Gerhardt). Unfortunately for Patsy, the well-favoured physician only has eyes for pretty Goodie Tueshuez (Slan) - a jealous-minded nurse obsessed with popularity. When a foul-smelling woodsman is admitted to the hospital with an axe imbedded in his forehead, the rest of the nurse staff runs for cover as kindly Patsy and the injured worker form a warm bond. Later, after Patsy and the rugged lumberjack share a kiss, the smitten nurse is thrown off guard when her new beau reflexively sinks his teeth into her flesh. As Patsy runs off to bandage her wound, Eastern European doctor-turned-janitor Kapotski recognizes the woodsman as a zombie and ends the man's suffering with a stake through the head. In the days that follow, Patsy's body is gradually taken over by the zombie virus. Not only does the transformation aversely affect Patsy's eating habits, it instills her with a newfound confidence that quickly catches the eye of Dr. Dox as well. Perplexed by her mousy co-worker's sudden transformation and determined to keep Dr. Dox for herself, the scheming Goody soon sets out to uncover the secret of Patsy's rising popularity. Now, as Patsy struggles to stay well fed and Dr. Dox grows increasingly inpatient with Goodie's unpalatable jealousy, the stage is set for a romance fueled by enough passion to transcend life and death.
Awards.
Kodak Vision Award for Best Cinematography at the 2004 Slamdance film festival
Nominated at the 2005 Cinevagas B-Movie film festival for:

</doc>
<doc id="19949421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949421" title="The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1994 TV series)">
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1994 TV series)

The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title. The series was first broadcast on TVB Jade in 1994.
Reception.
Although viewership ratings did not exceed the 1983 version, this series is known for being the most faithful to the novel. It is the second most-viewed adaptation of Louis Cha's works in the 1990s, with an average viewership rating of 32 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19949470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949470" title="Murder Can Hurt You">
Murder Can Hurt You

Murder Can Hurt You (also stylized as "Murder Can Hurt You!") is a 1980 ABC television movie that parodies detective and police TV shows of the 1960s and '70s, much like the way "Murder by Death" spoofed literary detectives.
Plot.
A mysterious "Man in White" is out to kill famous detectives in bizarre ways, and the heroes are obvious parodies of "Kojak", "Baretta", "Starsky and Hutch", "Ironside", "Police Woman", "Columbo", and "McCloud".

</doc>
<doc id="19949479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949479" title="Connecticut (disambiguation)">
Connecticut (disambiguation)

Connecticut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19949482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949482" title="One Fearful Yellow Eye">
One Fearful Yellow Eye

One Fearful Yellow Eye (1966) is the eighth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot revolves around McGee's attempts to aid his longtime friend Glory Doyle in her quest to uncover the truth about her late husband and the blackmail which made over half a million dollars of his fortune disappear. It is largely set in Chicago, rather than the usual McGee haunt of Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19949493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949493" title="David A. Hearn">
David A. Hearn

David A. Hearn (February 14, 1853 – March 9, 1920) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1890 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Arichat, Nova Scotia, the son of James Hearn, of Irish origin, and Isabella Campbell, who came from Scotland. He was educated in Arichat and was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1878. In 1879, he married Elizabeth Ida Quinan. Hearn served as a member of the council for Richmond County, as a school commissioner and was a census commissioner in 1881. In 1891, he moved his practice to Sydney. Hearn advocated the abolition of the province's Legislative Council. He married Bridget Mary Ormond in 1905 following the death of his first wife. In 1907, he was named King's Counsel. Hearn was a member of the Knights of Columbus and at one time was president of the Nova Scotia Barristers Association. He died of pneumonia in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19949530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949530" title="DB Class V 160">
DB Class V 160

The Class V 160 (after 1968: Class 216) is a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives of the German railways. It is the first variant of the V160 family, built for the Deutsche Bundesbahn for medium/heavy trains.
The Class were successful locomotives, eventually leading to a family of similar locomotives (see DB V 160 family). Due to them having steam heating, and a lack in later years of suitable coaching stock they were amongst the first of the family to be withdrawn, no examples being operated by Deutsche Bahn AG by 2004.
A few examples were converted to the short lived DBAG Class 226, with other examples being rebuilt and still in service with private operators.
Background and history.
Following good performance from the diesel-hydraulic locomotive the DB Class V 80, in the period of history of the German Railways sometimes known as Epoch III, the Deutsche Bundesbahn planned (in 1953) to build several types of new diesel locomotive, primarily to replace steam powered locomotives; these were: V 60, and V 65, both shunters, the V 65.2, also for shunting as well as light freight trains, DB Class V 200, for express passenger trains, and the V 160 for both freight and passenger work on the main network.
Initially a 1600 hp machine using two engines of the type used in the V80 was planned; in a similar fashion to the V200, which was powered by two engines of the type used in the V100. However it was realised that if a single high powered engine could be used, then maintenance and other costs would be reduced.
The new class would replace engines such as the BR 03, BR 23, BR 38.10 (pr P 8), BR 39 (pr P 10), BR 50, BR 57 (pr G 10) and BR 78 (pr T 18). Steam heating (for passenger coaches) was necessary, and a top speed of 120 km/h was specified.
In the spring of 1956 development began at Krupp, the first unit being delivered on 6 August 1960, with eight more units being delivered by 1962 from both Krupp and Henschel. These prototype units were later to become unusual amongst the entire V 160 family, due to their rounded front end – in a similar but less sophisticated design to the V 200s – because of this 'bulbous' front end the locomotives earned the nickname "lollo" (in allusion to Gina Lollobrigida). A final prototype V 160 010, the tenth, and the first with the angled front end, was manufactured by Henschel in 1963; the more modern looking front end was derived from the Henschel prototype locomotive V 320 001 of which only one was built.
The prototypes performed well, and volume production began, numbers V 160 011 to V 160 224 being built between 1964 and 1968 by Krupp, Henschel, KHD, Krauss-Maffei and MaK. By the time the 156th example had been produced the Deutsche Bundesbahn had changed its numbering system; from then on the class had reporting number 216 with the individual unit numbering continuing as before.
Over the next decade, because of changing requirements – mostly in terms of increased power, and speed, as well as the requirement for electrical passenger heating a number of related classes sprang up – the Classes 210, 215, 217, 218 and 219 (see "DB Class V 160 family"); although some were a little longer, and carried additional components, all were essentially based on the original V 160; over 800 machines of all types were eventually built.
Design.
The initial ten pre-production machines with the exception of V 160 006 were powered by a Maybach engine of the type MD 16 V 538 TB. The others were powered by a MTU 16 V 538 TB 10 or MTU 16V 653 TB 10 (16 cylinders and a power of 1900 hp at 1500 rpm). In all examples both bogies are powered via drive shafts from a two speed hydraulic drive from Voith
The welded steel chassis (formed of U beams and transverse members) and the body shell form the load-bearing frame, which rests on the two welded steel bogies, supported by helical springs, the engine is centrally located, with the fuel, batteries, oil, and fuel oil being hung below the chassis frame, between the bogies. The welded steel components along with other light weight materials were used to keep the axle load below 20t. However in the main production series of locomotives some of the lighter weight welded construction was abandoned in favour of less expensively produced components - leading to an increase in axle weight from ~18.5 to ~20t.
In addition to the main engine a small auxiliary diesel engine available, driving a generator providing the 110 V electrical supply for lighting as well as driving an electric air compression for the brakes.
The steam heating apparatus took up one end of the locomotive, between the engine and drivers cabin; powered by fuel oil, it had the capacity to satisfactorily heat 10 coaches when the outside temperature was -10 degrees C. The equipment was sourced from Hagenuk, the full capacity being 670 l of fuel oil and 2850 l of water.
Most of the locomotives were also equipped for push-pull operation, as well as for multiple working, controlled via a 36 pin control cable
The safety devices "Sicherheitsfahrschaltung" (or "Sifa") and "Punktförmige Zugbeeinflussung" (also known as PZB or "Indusi") are fitted. Later on "Zugbahnfunk"; a cab to control room analogue radio system was installed. Other equipment includes sand boxes, a whistle and on some machines automatic door locking (when moving).
Operations.
The first locomotives entered service on the Hamburg to Lübeck line, working push-pull double decked passenger trains, and replacing the BR 38.10 and BR 78 steam engines. The engines were also used on freight workings as well. On push-pull passenger working the locomotives were sometimes found in the middle of the train - which facilitated easier separation of carriages on route.
Since the 1990s the Class 216 locomotives started to work more on freight than on passenger trains because of the lack of steam heated passenger stock. Between 2000 and 2004 the Deutsche Bahn AG fleet was phased out, with the last locomotive being decommissioned in 2004. However several locomotives were sold to private operators, where they are still in use.
Variants.
In addition to the machines built in the 1970s, a few other variants have arisen subsequently, by rebuilding of existing machines.
DBAG Class 226.
The seven examples of the 226 Class were created by Deutsche Bahn AG for towing ICE 3 sets - for this purpose they were fitted with Scharfenberg couplers and the steam heating removed and repand replaced with ballast. They were replaced by converted DB Class 218s (subclass 218.8) in 2004 and scrapped in 2005.
DH 1504.
The first of the series of rebuilt Class 216s, DH 1504, was created in 1998 by the firm 'On Rail'. The concept was to create a new 'Class 216' medium power locomotive from retired state owned Class 216 locomotives; the result was an almost completely new locomotive, only the transmission, bogies and frame were saved from the original locomotive. The engine is a 1500 kW MTU engine, and the units are fitted for remote control operation.
Overall, 6 of these locomotives were built, three locomotives are now in the use of the "Osthannoversche Eisenbahnen" (OHE), two work for "Niederrheinische Verkehrsbetriebe" (NIAG) and one for the "Mindener Kreisbahnen" (MKB).
Liveries.
Initial machines were delivered in "altrot" (antique red), with side skirts and ventilation grills dark grey, and the roof light grey. The museum locomotive 216 221 still bears the 'altrot' livery. In January 1975, 216 071 was the first locomotive to be painted in the then new ocean blue-beige color scheme. In February 1988 216 068 was the first locomotive of this series to receive the somewhat unpopular "orientrot" livery - an orient red lacquer with a white "bib" on the front. The other livery carried by DB Class 160's was the "verkehrsrot" (traffic red) colour scheme with mid grey skirts and ventilation grills.

</doc>
<doc id="19949537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949537" title="Kadalora Kavithaigal">
Kadalora Kavithaigal

 
Kadalora Kavithaigal () () is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film starring Satyaraj, Rekha, Raja, Janagaraj and Kamala Kamesh and This movie is a blockbuster and remade into Telugu as "Aradhana" with Chiranjeevi and Suhasini. This was debut film for Rekha, Raja and Ranjani.
The movie was a turning point in Actor Sathyaraj's career. It successfully completed 200 days in theaters.
__TOC__
Plot.
The Film is about transformation of a Hero (Satyaraj) who has a prison record and his understanding of Love through an elementary education. In that process he falls in love with the school teacher Heroine (Rekha).
Based in a coastal sea village, Chinnappa Das (Satyaraj) is a violent person who has prison records and returns to his village after serving his prison term. He is pursed by his Maternal uncle's daughter (Ranjini) to marry him. In one of his encounters at an elementary school he meets a lady school teacher Jennifer (Rekha) who gives a sound scolding on how ignorant fools behave.
There is an element of purity in Das's heart which the school teacher could identify, this transforms his life for ever. Set in a coastal milieu, the duo often meet on the beach, amidst sunlit sea and splashing waves on the rocks. In a sequence, Das makes the teacher stand alone atop a seaside hillock, Das from down below on the sands announces aloud to her that "you are my God".
In a related episode when Das visits the teacher at her house, looking at the portrait of the Good Shepherd with a lamb in his lap, he earnestly asks her why He is lapping up that lamb for which she replies, "that lamb has lost its way and so he has lapped it up". She goes on asking him what will he do if he were the shepherd and wat if she was that lamb, there by subconsciously revealing her desire to be the lamb in the lap of God, in her case to be with Das, thereby both Das and Jennifer find their loved ones.
Through another character, the director introduces the small but important role which is modelled on The Meera.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
Reception.
"Behindwoods" said, "A simple love triangle but the situations are woven beautifully and the performances are realistic." and added that "Satyaraj broke his image of an action hero and came up with a rollicking performance. He is the real star of the film."

</doc>
<doc id="19949538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949538" title="Moki steps">
Moki steps

Moki steps, sometimes spelled alternately as Moqui steps, are a recurring feature found in areas of the American southwest previously inhabited by the Ancient Pueblo Peoples and other related cultures. The steps consist of alternating hand and toe holds carved into vertical or near-vertical sandstone surfaces. The steps are usually two to three inches deep, and three to four inches in width and height.
Location and Use.
Moki steps are often found near cliff-dwellings and water sources. They may have allowed relatively quick access to difficult-to-reach areas such as slot canyons, look-out positions, and granaries. In some cases, Moki steps are thought to have provided access to fertile canyon bottoms from more defensible dwellings on or above surrounding cliffs. The steps may have been used in conjunction with handmade ropes.
Similar sets of depressions may have been carved by non-indigenous settlers or explorers. In other cases, recent visitors may have deepened or widened a previously existing set of Moki steps. There is no published criteria for determining the origin of a given set of steps.

</doc>
<doc id="19949539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949539" title="Tryin' to Get to You">
Tryin' to Get to You

“Tryin' to Get to You” is a song written by Rose Marie McCoy and Charles Singleton It was originally recorded by the Washington DC vocal group The Eagles in 1954 and released in mid-1954 on Mercury Records 70391. Advertising in "Billboard" magazine indicates that the format of the title on The Eagles’ record was “Tryin’ to Get to You”, with an apostrophe.
The song was also recorded by Elvis Presley in 1955 on his then unissued Sun recordings. 
Presley recorded five versions of the song. The first on March 23, 1955 and the second on July 11, 1955, with the second session being released during his lifetime. He also recorded live versions of the song on "Elvis (NBC TV Special)", "", and "Elvis in Concert". On the earlier version that appeared on the 1999 album "Sunrise", Presley recorded this song while simultaneously playing the piano (and not aided by his rhythm guitar, as previously believed). Because his piano playing was not up to the expected standards, producer Sam Phillips erased the 
sound of the piano on the master take so, in addition to Elvis’ tantalizing vocals, all one hears is the lead guitar, the bass and the drums. Elvis’ piano is heard on the July session version and appeared on his self-titled 1956 LP. 
Presley’s vocal delivery appears to be influenced by that of The Eagles’ lead singer, although taking the two magnificent warbles at 0.56 and 2.12 one step forward by extending his vocals so that they meet, then join ( and without any stops nor breathing space in between), the first and second verses. In addition, Scotty Moore’s guitar solo on the Presley recording replaces a saxophone solo heard on the original.
The track was released on Presley’s March 1956 RCA debut album "Elvis Presley". It also featured on the famous 1976 "The Sun Sessions" release and on numerous other Elvis efforts and collections as well.
“Trying To Get To You” was next released by The Teen Kings with Roy Orbison in April 1956 as Je-Wel JE-101 backed with “Ooby Dooby” on the B-side.
A version by Johnny Carroll also then ensued, being made on Decca Records on May 19, 1956 (Decca 9-29940).
Ricky Nelson was the next to give treatment of the song.
After Eric Burdon performed it a few times on his own shows he reunited with The Animals in 1983 and recorded the song in the studio. It appeared on their album "Ark". It was also included on their live shows before they disbanded again in early 1984.
Later it was also covered by Johnny Rivers, Faith Hill, Susie Arioli, Gene Summers and many others.
The song was adapted by Paul McCartney to create "In Spite of All the Danger", the first ever original song recorded by the Quarrymen, the precursor to the Beatles. 

</doc>
<doc id="19949541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949541" title="DB Class V 162">
DB Class V 162

The DB Class V 162 (after 1968 named DB Class 217) is a class of four-axle diesel hydraulic locomotive built as a development of the DB Class V 160 for the Deutsche Bundesbahn from 1965 to 1968.
This variant has a separate diesel engine providing auxiliary power and for electric train heating, replacing the steam generator in the original V 160.
The locomotives continued to be used after the formation of the Deutsche Bahn AG in 1994; the final DB Schenker unit was withdrawn in December 1997.
Two of the prototypes of the class operated as internal locomotives and were for a time classified as DB Class 753.
Background.
In the early 1960s, the then German Federal Railways ("Deutsche Bundesbahn" or DB) and the German railway industry developed the V 160 series (with which this class shares the majority of its design features), a diesel locomotive for use on medium-duty passenger and freight trains on main and secondary lines. These locomotives had steam heating apparatus for passenger coaches, but could not power electrically heated stock. Therefore, with the increasing use in the future of electrically heated coaches, co-commitment with the increasing electrification of the system it was necessary to produce a variant with a method of electrical power generation.
Design and production.
Prototypes.
In 1963, Krupp AG was requested to develop a V160 variant with electric train heating which would have the classification code V 162. In 1965 two prototypes V 162 001 and V 162 002 were produced, and a third V 162 003 made in 1966.
Each had a MTU-built (then Maybach) 16-cylinder engine of the type 16V652 TB10 producing which was entirely used for traction. Since in the mid-1960s a more powerful engine was not available, the electrical supply was powered by an auxiliary diesel engine. The inclusion of two engines in turn meant that the overall length of the machine was increased by 0.4 m in comparison to the V 160, making a total length over buffers of 16.4 meters.
The auxiliary engine used by Krupp was a 12-cylinder MAN D3650 HM3U engine developing of power. Since DB required that the auxiliary power should be available for traction (for use on freight trains), the auxiliary engine was also connected to the transmission, meaning that the traction power could be increased to 1813 kW when necessary. The generators of the three prototypes were from different manufacturers: In the V 162 001 the supplier was BBC, in V 162 002, AEG and in V 162 003 Siemens supplied the electrical generator.
The three prototypes went into testing from 1965 to 1968, resulting in the Siemens generator (generating 310 kW for electrical heating) being chosen for the main production tranche.
Production locomotives.
As the prototypes had proved successful, in 1967 construction of twelve locomotives began at Krupp. Since a new numbering scheme was introduced in 1968, the locomotives were given the numbers 217 011 to 217 022 (the prototypes being renumbered to 217 001 to 217 003).
In 1971, disc brakes were fitted to the locomotives (replacing the block brakes) leading to more effective braking and a consequential increase in the maximum operating speed limit by 20 km/h to 140 km/h.
Even though it was foreseeable that more of this class of locomotives could be built, in 1968 the first representatives of the Class 218 were built with a single diesel engine (of 2500 hp) providing traction and electrical heating power in one unit. Thus no more of this variant were made, since the single-engined variant presented a clear reduction in maintenance costs.
These vehicles had a distinctive exhaust system (with scoop like protuberances on the roof) fitted in 1993.
DB Class 753.
In April 1989, the prototype locomotives 217 001 and 217 002 were transferred to work internal DB traffic; as such they were reclassified as 753 001 and 753 002. Both had, since 1974, often been used for test and measurement trains and in the testing of other locomotives as 'engine brakes'; the reclassification in 1989 was therefore purely formal. As part of the reclassification, rebuilding of these machines took place, including fitting of hydrodynamic brakes.
In the late 2000s, the two were reclassified back as Class 217s and returned to freight duties.
Operational history and modifications.
At the end of 1970 and the beginning of 1971, the three prototypes set out from Mühldorf to the DB railway works in Regensburg, where six of the production locomotives were also stationed. By 1972 all 15 of the class were concentrated in Regensburg. They were used for pulling heavy freight trains on the lines Regensburg - Schwandorf - Nuremberg - Sulzbach-Rosenberg - Schwandorf - Furth im Wald.
In 1993, the Class 217 locomotives were put into trial use with double-decker passenger coaches on the line connecting Mühldorf and Munich. This deployment lasted just two days, with the result that Class 218 locomotives were used on the double decker trains and the Class 217s returned to Regensburg.
In 1998, the "bahnreform" of the Deutsche Bahn led to its division into different subsidiaries: the class were assigned to freight division and thus became the property of "DB Cargo" (since September 2003 renamed Railion Germany, and currently DB Schenker).
In May 2000, all of the units (except DB 217 001) were assigned back to the engine shed at Mühldorf. They pull freight trains around their base in Muldorf - destinations being Munich, Simbach, Landshut, Freilassing and the Wacker plant at Burghausen, often in multiple workings.
The last 217 in use by DB Schenker was withdrawn in December 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19949550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949550" title="DB Class 215">
DB Class 215

The DB Class 215 is a 4 axle diesel locomotive of the V 160 type. They were built for the German Federal Railways (Deutsche Bundesbahn) for passenger and freight service on secondary and primary routes, and later passed to the Deutsche Bahn AG.
A number of variants were made by rebuilding; some were converted to Class 225 locomotives for freight only work for DB Cargo and the sub-class Class 215.9 were altered for use on the SyltShuttle.
Background.
The locomotives of Class 215 were a longer version of the original DB Class V 160, and consequently were equipped with steam heating apparatus. In the pre 1968 classification scheme they were to be numbered V 163. 
The engines were built to the length of the DB Class 218 (longer than a Class V 160), so that later they could be rebuilt to the same specification of the longer class, which at the time only existed as a prototype; the Deutsche Bundesbahn could not wait for the Class 218 to reach production maturity as it was forging ahead with the replacement of the last steam locomotives.
Design and modifications.
The locomotive has a diesel powertrain, using hydraulic transmission, with both bogies driven by cardan shafts, and all wheels powered. 
The ten initial prototype machines built from 1968-1969 by Krupp were powered by diesel engines of type 12 V 956 TB 10 with a power of 1839 kW.
The machines numbered 215 011 to 215 070, and 215 094 to 215 150 had less powerful (1397 kW) but more reliable 16-cylinder Maybach MTU 16 V 652 TB engines (the same as the engines with which the Class 216 / V 160s were equipped), while the numbers 215 071 to 215 093 had a more powerful engine, but this time again the 12-cylinder 12 V 956 TB used in the prototypes. 215 091 to 215 093 were later retrofitted with the V-12 engine, having initially had the 16-cylinder engine.
The steam heating also doubled as a pre-heater for the locomotives engine, and other parts. Space was reserved for the installation of an electrical generator later on, the proposed conversion of the machines to the 218 series never came about - the exception was 215 112 which was rebuilt as DB Class 218 399 after an accident.
Numbers 030 to 032 locos were exceptional in that they were fitted from the outset with an electric heater (steam heating was removed) driven from an auxiliary diesel of type 8V 331 TC 10 with an output of 520 kW at 2100 rpm. Unlike in the DB Class 217 the auxiliary diesel is not connected to the transmission and cannot be used for additional traction power
Conversion variant 215.9.
In the summer of 2003, DB AutoZug acquired a total of 18 locomotives from DB Regio, 14 units were rebuilt in a fashion analogous to the DBAG Class 225 but numbered as Class 215.9. The remaining four locomotives were kept for spare parts.
The steam heating boilers needed fuel and water tanks which for this service were now unnecessary, thus they were replaced with a ballast weight, the engines remained unchanged. A GSM-R system was fitted, as well as automatic brake slack adjusters.
DBAG Class 225.
After passenger work for many of the DB Class 215 disappeared, DB Regio transferred 68 locomotives to DB Cargo (later Railion) for freight work, the steam heating boilers being removed a replaced with ballast. The new class was augmented by further DB Class 218 machines, which formed the subclass 225.8.
Operations.
Class 215.
The class were used on all types of train; the main area of used was on the Eifel rail (Cologne to Trier) in the Lower Rhine and Baden-Wuerttemberg area down to Lake Constance. 
One high profile working in the 1980s was the D 216/217 "Austria-Express" ( from Klagenfurt via Graz/Krefeld to Amsterdam) between Krefeld central station ("Hauptbahnhof" Hbf.) and Arnhem, the Netherlands. The units with electric heating modifications (030 to 032) were used for this service.
The last scheduled working of the 215 series was on the DB Regio Hessen trains, which ended in April 2003. Afterwards some were kept on standby for the DB Regio Rheinland Regionalbahn trains.
In June 2003 transfer of the sub-class 215.9 to DB AutoZug GmbH took place, many others having been sent previously to DB Cargo.
Class 215.9.
This class were specifically used for the "AutoZug" (car ferry trains) between Niebüll and Westerland operated by DB AutoZug. The Class 215.9s work around the Sylt island ended in March 2008. Afterwards some were transferred for work around Chemnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19949555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949555" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Del Norte County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Del Norte County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Del Norte County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19949556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949556" title="Mitsubishi 2MB1">
Mitsubishi 2MB1

__NOTOC__
The Mitsubishi 2MB1 (service designation 八七式軽爆撃機, "Type 87 Light Bomber") was a light bomber produced in Japan in the mid-1920s to equip the Imperial Japanese Army. It was developed in parallel to the 2MB2, but while that aircraft featured an innovative and unorthodox design, the 2MB1 was a more conservative approach based closely on the 2MT carrier-based torpedo bomber that was already in production for the Imperial Japanese Navy. Like the 2MT, the 2MB1 was a conventional two-bay biplane with open cockpits in tandem and fixed tailskid undercarriage. The 2MT's Napier engine and side-mounted radiators were exchanged for a Hispano-Suiza engine and frontal radiator, and specific naval features such as folding wings were deleted.
The type saw action in the early stages of Japan's Invasion of Manchuria in 1931, but it was found to be obsolete and was soon relegated to training duties. 

</doc>
<doc id="19949560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949560" title="DB Class 218">
DB Class 218

The DB Class 218 (before 1968 the DB Class V 164) are a class of 4 axle, diesel hydraulic locomotives acquired by the Deutsche Bundesbahn for use on main and secondary lines for both passenger and freight trains.
The class represents the final major revision of the DB V 160 family of locomotives; having the preferred features of the antecedent locomotives, including a hydrodynamic brake, and a single engine providing electrical train heating via a generator as well as tractive power. The class were also the most numerous of the family, providing the backbone of the Deutsche Bundesbahn's main-line diesel locomotive traction from the 1970s up to the reunification of Germany.
Despite being displaced from many workings by DMUs, electrification, and inherited DR Class 130s, as of 2009 a significant number of the class still remain active throughout Germany.
Background, history and design.
The locomotives of series 218 were the last of the V 160 family to be developed; the main new feature was the use of a single engine to provide tractive power as well as electrical train heating when required (via an attached generator), the simplification over the two engined DB Class 217 was preferred, and was made possible by the availability of a higher powered (~1840 kW) engine compared to the original DB Class V 160 (~1400 kW).
In 1966 an initial twelve prototype locomotives were ordered from Krupp by the DB, for which the V 164 numbering was given, the main order came after the change to a 'computer compatible' UIC numbering scheme (See DB locomotive classification) which gave the number 218 as the reporting code for this class of locomotives.
The main series of 398 machines was produced between 1971 and 1979, by Krupp, Henschel, Krauss-Maffei and MaK. Additionally the engine DB 215 112, after being badly damaged in 1975 was repaired to Class 218 specification, and renumbered 218 399.
With a power of 2500 to 2800 hp and a top speed of 140 km/h, and the ability to work in multiple with related classes 215, 216, 217 and 218 as well as other classes, and coupled with electric heating and a low speed gear for heavier freight trains the locomotives became the main source of motive power in West Germany on both passenger and freight trains outside electrified sections.
The turn of the second millennium and the preceding few years saw a change from locomotive hauled trains to increasing use of 'diesel railcars' (or DMUs, "diesel multiple units"). This led to a reduction in the demand for these locomotives on passenger services, with many falling out of use, or only finding work pulling freight trains, nevertheless, in 2000 the locomotives were still in use on mainline long distance trains.
By January 2008 there were approximately 220 copies still active.
Technical information.
The design of the series as fundamentally the same as the rest of the V 160 family: all four axles are driven via cardan shafts by a Voith two speed hydraulic transmission which in turn is driven by a diesel engine, fuel and oil are located between the bogies under the main frame, on either side of the centrally located transmission, there are two cabs (which have slightly different windows). Externally the machines are very similar to the other members of the class, being of the longer variant at 16.4 m.
The tractive and braking forces are transmitted to the main mass of the locomotive via transverse beams attached to the main longitudinal supporting beams, the superstructure is made from sheet steel, forming a shell.
The framework supported on coil springs on the bogies, from 218 299 onwards flexicoil suspension was used, per bogie side and from the bogies.
There are two walkways connecting the cabins inside the body.
Engines.
Over time, several diesel engines have been used as propulsion; the first series received the MA MTU 12V 956 TB10 with 
Because of the available power at rail being reduced when operating at full electric heating power some machines were fitted with a French 16 Pielstick PA4 V200 engine with around built under license by KHD.
MTU developed from the TB10 engine a TB11 with greater power of which was fitted to more than half the class.
With the introduction of more stringent emission requirements, as well as the original engines being badly worn, or in an attempt to improve efficiency, a number of upgrades have been investigate or fitted, including:
Following the upgrades most of the class have either emission-improved TB11 engines or MTU 4000 engines.
Since 1985, the locomotives have had additional engine exhaust devices fitted on the roof with a scoop like appearance – the purpose of these is to direct the exhaust flow, preventing overhead wire being coated by any particulate or condensed emissions. The 'scoops' also increase the exhaust flow speed, by reducing the diameter of the exhaust - thus launching the combusted vapours higher in the air, and reducing the likelihood of passengers being coated with engine smoke.
Electrical equipment.
The Indusi safety system is usually a Lorenz Indusi I-60. The original 36-pin inter-unit electrical connectors allows double traction control, auto door locking when not at a standstill, and can transmit driver announcements when attached to a passenger train, in addition to equipment for passenger information systems.
Originally the electrical power from the generator for the carriages was controlled with a simple Cycloconverter, later GTO Thyristor controlled supply circuits that had an intermediate DC circuit were used to create the AC carriage supply. (see Inverter)
Liveries.
The first locomotives were delivered in the usual 'crimson' (RAL 3004) of that time. In 1974 218 217 and 218 218 were used as test vehicles for new colour schemes : 218 218 was the first locomotive in the new ocean blue-beige (turquoise/cream) finish (RAL 5020/RAL 1001). 218 217 received an experimental livery in the TEE red and beige (RAL 1001/RAL 3004).
The turquoise/cream colour became a new standard for the 218, whilst the 218 217 in the burgundy and beige remained a loner, for almost thirty years, until 753 001 (ex 217 001) became the second locomotive from the V160 family to receive this colour scheme.
By the late 2000s the turquoise/cream colour had virtually, the last representative being DB AutoZug 218 320.
In 1984 for the "City-Bahn" railway on the Cologne - Gummersbach ten locomotives were painted in pure orange (RAL 2004) with a grey stripe, after the project ended they retained the livery until the 1990s when they received the "orientrot" scheme of the 'oriental red' color (RAL 3031) with a white markings, the last 218 135 being repainted in 1996
The remaining Class 218 locomotives are almost entirely in the current traffic-red (RAL 3020) colour scheme.
As an oddity 218 473 was, for four years from April 2005 onwards, painted in a dark blue "King Ludwig" in model train manufacturer Märklin sponsored dark blue "King Ludwig" livery.
Variants.
A number of locomotives have been rebuilt and/or reclassified due to changing requirements:
DB Class 218.9.
The DB Class 218.9 resulted from the Deutsche Bundesbahn's flirtation with diesel locomotives boosted by gas turbine engines in the 1970s. Problems with gas turbine engine lifespan, and reduced fuel efficiency, coupled with two turbine failures resulted in the small class of eight Class 210 machines being rebuilt as class 218.9 at the beginning of the 1980s. This subclass was number 218-901 to 218-908. They were decommissioned and scrapped between 2004 and 2006.
DB AG Series 210.4.
A second set of locomotives designated Class 210 was created by the Deutsche Bahn AG in 1996 for the inter-city line from Munich via Berlin to Hamburg with non powered driving trailers, on which the original Class 120 was used.
Between the stations of Nauen and 'Berlin Zoological Gardens' the route was only partially electrified; in this electrification gap the train (complete with a DB Class 120 E-Lok) was towed by the diesels.
In1996 the machines for this task were created from locomotives 218 430 to 434 and 218 456 to 462 which were stationed in Lübeck and were in particularly good condition. For this task the locomotives needed to be approved for running at 160 km/h (the same maximum speed at which the original Class 210 had run). The original hydraulic transmission was rated in its upper gear to 160 km/h, but the drive shafts needed to be uprated for the increased speed.. The individual locomotive numbers were preserved - thus DB 218 430 became DB 210 430.
Following the full electrification of the line the locomotives returned to normal stock duties, in December 1998 the locomotives were rebuilt again and became Class 218 machines once again.
DB AG Series 218.8.
15 locomotives were converted (in Bremen) for towing and shunting tasks - being fitted with a Scharfenberg coupler for modern coaching stock, they are used on the S-Bahn networks; found in all the major train stations.
218 228 is found in the S-Bahn area of Frankfurt, 218 191 in the S-Bahn around Stuttgart, others at Darmstadt and Plochingen (218 191).
Some of this sub-class were equipped for towing ICE trains, and used in multiple on the new (rebuilt) lines of Cologne-Rhine Main and Nuremberg-Ingolstadt. 
These 15 locomotives are based at the locomotive depots at Frankfurt/Main (nine locomotives) and Berlin-Rummelsburg (six locomotives).
DB AG Series 225.8.
Class 215 and Class 218 locomotives transferred to DB Railion for freight work were renumbered as Class 225, with the Class 218 locomotives forming the sub-series 225.8.
Operations.
The Class 218 was a successful design made with the most modern and sophisticated components that were available in 1968. With a relatively high speed of 140 km/h, the locomotives proved useful on TEE, and with "n-wagons" with which they operated well past the year 2000.
Furthermore, after the dissolution of the GDR, and the merging of the two German railway systems they proved useful again on non-electrified sections of the former Deutsche Reichsbahn, however in the former West Germany some intercity services began to be operated by the DB Class 232 and 234 locomotives.
The locomotives were stationed in the depots of Regensburg, Stendal, Lübeck, Brunswick, Ulm, Hagen, Mühldorf, Karlsruhe, Rostock Hbf, Kempten, Halting and Kaiserslautern.
In 2000 there were 415 active machines, at this time also began the first decommissioning of machines that shown to be were in a bad state of repair on their scheduled inspections. At this time DBAG began to economise its fleet:
In March 2008 were 235 active machines, or about 60% of the total Serienloks.

</doc>
<doc id="19949562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949562" title="DB Class V 169">
DB Class V 169

The DB Class V 169 consisted of a single example: V 169 001, derived from the DB Class V 160 family, with an additional gas turbine booster engine. It can be considered the prototype for diesel locomotives with a gas turbine as an additional drive; specifically the DB Class 210. Post 1968 the class designation was changed to "Class 219", and the locomotive renumbered 219 001
In 1999 the locomotive was heavily renovated for a private company, and does not now have the gas turbine.
Post the merger of the Deutsche Bundesbahn and Deutsche Reichsbahn another locomotive - the DR Class 119 has been assigned to the DB class 219.
Background.
From 1963 onwards the DB Class V 160 had been delivered and deployed in large numbers, and was proving successful. Thus plans were made for testing of further units were made - specifically a variant with electric train heating. These units would require more power than the engines installed in the V 160 could deliver. Three prototype units of the DB Class V 162 (later Class 217) were ordered; with the addition of a smaller supplementary diesel engine, providing via a generator the electricity for electric train supply. (see Head end power)
Another variant was the V 169, this locomotive utilised a supplementary gas turbine to improve overall performance. A General Electric LM 100-PA 104 turbine was chose, using diesel as a fuel rather than kerosene. The locomotive turbine was built under license by Kloeckner-Humboldt-Deutz (KHD) at the Oberursel plant. (see Motorenfabrik Oberursel (now part of Rolls-Royce) 
KHD also received the order for manufacture of the locomotive itself, this was done at the KHD-Werk in Cologne and the locomotive delivered on the 4 June 1965 as V 169 001, it then was exhibited to the public at the International Transport Exhibition in Munich. The electric train heating was not yet ready, and so the locomotive did not enter service until January 1966. 
From March 1966 the locomotive went onto the Allgaeu Munich to Lindau line for testing, being stationed at Kempten.
In the V 169, the electrical generator for the heating was powered by a shaft from the gearbox of the hydraulic transmission system. This method proved successful and was later used in the DB Class 210 and DB Class 218 locomotives. The fundamental usefulness of the additional gas turbine propulsion was also demonstrated and led to the introduction of the DB Class 210 (with a more powerful turbine: an AVCO Lycoming T53-L 13).
Service history.
The delivery of the Class 210s being to Kempten in 1971 for work in the Allgaeu region meant that the less powerful V 219 001 was outdated. Thus, when the gas turbine failed with damage to the combustion chamber in 1974, the locomotive was converted for other uses. The diesel engine was throttled back to , and the heating system was also shut down. 
With these modifications, the locomotive was no longer suitable for passenger work, and began work as a freight locomotive around Gelsenkirchen often working across the Dutch border, up to 25 November 1977. In 1978, the locomotive was decommissioned and then left in the open in Bremen until 1985. 
In 1985 the locommotive was sold to company of "Elizabeth Layritz GmbH" in Penzberg, a firm specialising in the modernisation of scrapped locomotives. Subsequently locomotive was sold to "Impresa Attilio Rossi" in Italy and worked between Rome and Naples (as T1591) up till 1998/9.
Reconstruction and operation by German private railways.
After the German railway reform of 1994 cheap second-hand locomotives with authorization for work in Germany were in demand. So in 1999 the locomotive was bought (back to Germany) by leasing firm "RailImpex" and sent to Gmeinder for refurbishment and remotorising.
The refurbishment included the replacement of the original Maybach engine with a Caterpillar diesel engine, a review of its condition and the installation of new wiring.
The railway company Waldhof AG ('"Bahngesellschaft Waldhof AG" or 'BGW') (Now called Rhenus Rail Logistics GmbH) in Mannheim bought the locomotive for freight work and designated it as DH 280 01. It was painted in the green-gray color scheme of the BGW. 
In the summer of 2000 the loco was used for garbage trains from Krefeld to Hildesheim until September when a collision meant the machine must return to Gmeinder for repair. By February 2001 it was back in operation. After that, among other workings it pulled Lime trains for BASF from Ludwigshafen to Stromberg. 
In October 2001 the unit was transferred to "Eisenbahnen und Verkehrsbetriebe Elbe-Weser GmbH" and worked on container trains between Hamburg, Bremerhaven and Bremen. The EVB designation is 420 01

</doc>
<doc id="19949571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949571" title="Aleksandr Sapeta">
Aleksandr Sapeta

Aleksandr Sergeyevich Sapeta (; born 28 June 1989) is a Russian footballer who plays for Russian Premier League club Ural on loan from FC Dynamo Moscow.
He has been playing in the Saturn system throughout his youth years. He made his debut for the main Saturn team on 26 October 2008 when he was a starter in the Premier League match against FC Moscow.
In winter 2011 Sapeta was signed by FC Dynamo Moscow.
On 9 August 2012, he came off the bench to score a brace in a 5-0 win against Dundee United F.C. in the second leg of their third qualifying round tie in the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
International career.
Sapeta was one of the members of the Russian U-17 squad that won the 2006 UEFA U-17 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19949572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949572" title="Elizabeth Searle">
Elizabeth Searle

Elizabeth Searle is an American novelist, short story writer and playwright. Her works have included the novel "A Four Sided Bed" and the short story collections "My Body to You" and "Celebrities in Disgrace". Her most recent novel "Girl Held in Home" was published in 2011 by New Rivers Press. She wrote the libretto for "Tonya and Nancy:The Opera" which was produced in 2006 and 2010 with a new production forthcoming in 2014. She also wrote the libretto for the full length musical, "Tonya and Nancy: The Rock Opera" which premiered in February 2008. A full production was presented in Boston in 2011. A new 'rock concert' performance of the show takes place in Hollywood in February 2014. Other 2014 productions are in the works. Searle's theater works have drawn national media attention.
Early life.
Searle was born in Penn Wynne, Pennsylvania. Her father Bill is a Democratic Party activist and retired personnel director; Barbara, her mother, is a children's librarian. She has a younger sister, Kate, who works at MIT and Bill, her older brother, is a videographer.
Searle received a B.A. from Oberlin College and her Master's degree from Brown University. She was a special education teacher and taught students with autism in schools located in New Haven, Connecticut and Providence, Rhode Island.
Later life and works.
In 1982, Searle's short story, "Missing LaDonna", appeared in Redbook. This was followed by stories placed in the South Carolina Review, the Indiana Review, The Greensboro Review, the Kenyon Review, Ploughshares and other journals. In 1993 her first book, "My Body To You", was published. In 1992, it had been named winner of the Iowa Short Fiction Award by the Iowa Writers Workshop. James Salter, a novelist and screenwriter, who wrote The Hunters, Downhill Racer, The Appointment and others, acted as judge.
"A Four Sided Bed", Searle's first novel, was published by Graywolf Press in 1998 and received positive reviews from Kirkus and Booklist.
A novella and collection of short stories entitled "Celebrities in Disgrace" was published in 2001. It was a finalist for the Paterson Fiction Prize. When discussing one of the themes of this collection during an interview with Post Road Magazine, Searle said, "I had a phrase in my mind, 'the witch of ambition,' and I do think there is this sort of dark force inside of people and any of those dark forces are hard to write about but they're the ones you want to write about..." Ambition and the search for attention seem to be the "...driving forces of our time."
"Celebrities in Disgrace," the title novella, was called a 'miniature masterpiece' by New York Times Book Review. Celebrities in Disgrace was produced as a short film in 2010 by Bravo Sierra Pictures, with a script co-written by Elizabeth Searle. The film premiered as an official selection at Woods Hole International Film Festival on Cape Cod and has screened at other festivals throughout the country. Searle's novel A Four-Sided Bed is being developed as a feature film.
"Tonya and Nancy:The Opera" previewed at the Zero Arrow Theatre of the American Repertory Theatre in 2006, produced by Tufts Music. It was selected by Opera Vista as one of the three best new one-act operas of the year in 2007. In 2010, it was performed by Mixed Precipitation in a new production in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Mixed Precipitation plans another production in February 2014.
Tonya and Nancy: The Rock Opera', a full length musical, premiered in 2008 in Portland, OR, produced by Triangle Productions. It featured libretto by Searle and music by Michael Teoli. The show was based on Searle and Abigail Al Doory Cross's Tonya & Nancy: the Opera, libretto and concept by Elizabeth Searle; adapted for the Portland production by Don Horn and Searle. The rock opera reviewed as "brilliant and touching" in Portland Mercury and received widespread media attention described in The Oregonian. Tonya & Nancy: the Rock Opera premiered in a new version with a new Book by Searle in January 2011, produced by Harborside Films and performed at the American Repertory Theater's Oberon Theater. Boston reviews included these comments: "Black Swan on Ice" (The Boston Herald); "Absurdly funny; surprisingly poignant moments amidst the comedy and a rousing soundtrack" (The Boston Phoenix); ; "An explosive cabaret of over-the-top rock tunes sung with operatic glass-shattering intensity…practically Shakespeare on ice"; (The Noise); "Brilliant; amazing music; one of the most exciting spectacles I have ever seen' (Steve Almond; WGBH Boston). In 2013, the rock opera was performed as a Staged Reading Showcase in NYC, produced by Harborside Films and directed by Kenny Howard of Broadway Consortium; the NY cast included Broadway performers Melissa van deer Schyff and Janine Divita. A new 'rock concert' performance of the show (Music by Michael Teoli and Libretto with new Book material by Elizabeth Searle) will premiere in Hollywood at the King King Club on February 4, 2014, as a benefit for the LA theater Celebration. Plans are in the works for future runs in 2014.
Her essay "Knitted Goods: Notes from a Nervous Non-Knitter" appeared in the anthology "Knitting Yarns: Writers on Knitting," published by W. W. Norton & Company in 2013. Searle's One Act Play 'Stolen Girl Song' premiered at the Northern Writes New Play Festival in Maine in May 2013; it was performed at Poet's Theater in Somerville, MA in December 2013. Searle's novel A Four-Sided Bed is being developed as a feature film by Bravo Sierra Pictures and Creatrix Films. Her script for A Four-Sided Bed has won prizes at the American International Film Festival and at Woods Hole International Film Festival in 2013.
Searle has taught creative writing at Brown University, Emerson College, the University of Southern Maine's Program in Creative Writing, the University of Massachusetts Boston and other institutions. She has been a member, officer and committee chairperson of the New England chapter of International PEN. In 1984, Searle married software developer John Hodgkinson; they have a son, Will and reside in Arlington, Massachusetts.
External links.
elizabethsearle.net, [http://www.elizabethsearle.net]
tonyaandnancytherockopera, [http://www.tonyaandnancytherockopera.com]
afoursidedbed.com [http://www.afoursidedbed.com]

</doc>
<doc id="19949593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949593" title="Curious Pastimes">
Curious Pastimes

Curious Pastimes (sometimes abbreviated to CP) is an organisation that runs one of the best known Live Roleplaying campaigns in the UK. CP is a private, profit-making company head-quartered in Moreton in the Wirral in Northern England. The company was formed in 1995, as a break away group from the Lorien Trust.
Curious Pastimes' ongoing LARP campaign, "Renewal", is a spin-off from Lorien Trust's "Gathering" campaign. The campaign uses its own set of LARP rules, adapted from the Lorien Trust Rules System. Renewal is a "Fest" Game, in which large numbers (typically hundreds) of players interact with one another and with a small number of briefed non-player characters, climaxing in pre-arranged mass battles between roughly even numbers at the two longer events. These battles represent one of the major variations from the "Gathering" parent-game, being exclusively Player-versus-Monster battles (the "Gathering's" battles are chiefly Player-versus-Player).
With approximately 800 players attending the main event in August, Renewal is the third-largest fest campaign in the UK, behind the "Gathering" and Profound Decisions' "Maelstrom".
Events.
The Renewal Campaign comprises four events each year, culminating in the flagship event, also called "Renewal", held every year over the August Bank Holiday weekend. All the events take place on weekends; two of them run from Friday evening to Sunday afternoon, and two, occurring on Bank Holiday weekends, run to Monday afternoon. Curious Pastimes also runs a system for formally approving smaller events (see "below") staged by the various participating groups and "factions" throughout the year.
The events vary in size from 100 to 1000 people and present different aspects of the ongoing Renewal Campaign. The events are:
The May battle event was staged at Bispham Hall Scout Camp in Wigan until 2009, and "Renewal" was staged at Phasels Wood Scout Camp in Hemel Hempstead from 1998 to 2007. Both events were moved following negative customer feedback regarding the sites. Two smaller-scale events (40-70 players, peaking at 100 in April 2002) entitled "Prelude" (in March/April) and "Aftermath" (in September/October) were discontinued after Prelude 2002, due chiefly to rising venue costs.
Curious Pastimes classes itself as a "family-friendly" event, allowing parents to bring along children of any age. All children are entitled to full characters, though only those 16 or over are allowed to participate in the mass battles.
Sanctioned Events.
Curious Pastimes offers formal "sanctioning", allowing affiliated groups (generally groups who also participate in the Renewal Campaign) to run their own events within the ongoing Renewal storyline. There are degrees of sanctioning, ranked from "Level 1" (lowest) to "Level 3" (highest); lower-sanctioned events have little effect on the main Renewal storyline but can be organised and run with minimal involvement by the company, while higher-sanctioned events may have a concrete effect on events at main events but need to be extensively co-ordinated with company staff.
Mandala LRP, a non-profit company founded by some of CP's staff and volunteers, ran several small, "Level 3" sanctioned events from 2004 to 2007; in addition, each of the factions runs one or two sanctioned events most years, bringing the total number of events taking place in the Renewal game world close to twenty in some years.
The Game World.
The game's setting is a unique unnamed fantasy world. The world is more or less Earthlike, and the known, populated continent that hosts the player characters and their communities is a temperate-to-subarctic landmass broadly equivalent to Eurasia.
There are nine intelligent humanoid races in the CP setting: "humans", "elves", "dark elves", "dwarves", four "greenskin" races ("orcs", "ogres", "goblins", and "trolls") and a variety of animal-human hybrids collectively known as "beastmen". All are more or less evenly-distributed across the world's population (and thus player base), with some variation among the different factions.
Factions.
The known continent is populated by a number of monarchies, nation-states and confederations known as "Factions", modelled very loosely on various real-world historical communities, with influences from fantasy literature, films and other sources, as well as original ideas. The majority of player characters belong to one or other faction, with the exception of a group of non-aligned players collectively labelled "mercenaries." The factions average about 100 in size at "Renewal" (i.e. 1/8 of the average "Renewal" turnout of 800), but are presumed to govern (or at least represent) populations in the hundreds of thousands, appropriate to those of equivalent pre-Industrial states.
In real-world terms, each faction is run as a more or less independent club, with a small administrative team assigned by CP and internal In- and Out-of-Character hierarchies. Many of the factions host websites for their members, and several of them stage small-scale "sanctioned" events set in the "Renewal" continuity. At events, members of a faction camp together; the factions' communal In-Character camps are the major focus of the game, with attacks against fortified camps and diplomatic missions between camps providing much of the storyline at each event.
The factions are:
Within the broad faction concepts stated above may be found a broad spectrum of characters, from the comical to the serious, from a range of historical (or pseudo-historical) backgrounds, and from the mean and humble to the high-heroic. Formally, Renewal is an "Open World" campaign setting, so players are permitted to submit any concept they wish, with the exception that neither gunpowder-weapons nor any more advanced technology are permitted.
The Empire of the Golden Isles.
Most of the non-player character groups (generally threats of one sort or another) come from the same nations and communities represented by the player factions (plus mercenaries) listed above; many of the ongoing antagonist-plotlines therefore revolve around treachery and civil war. However, over the years a number of non-player characters and monsters have arisen from nations, cults, and other groups that belong outside the general context of the known player-character world.
Foremost among these is the "Empire of the Golden Isles" (often referred to as the "Greenskin Empire" or just "the Empire"), a large empire of nonhumans (ogres, orcs, goblins and trolls) modelled on Feudal Japan, that supposedly rivals the collected population and magical and military might of all the player nations combined. The Empire originates on a previously unknown archipelago that lies to the south of the continent occupied by the factions, and roughly equal to it in overall land area.
They first became known to the player characters at Prelude 2001 (see above), and quickly fell into a war with the factions until peace was reached in 2004 (1104 in the in-character calendar). Now they exist as an imposing political and military presence, producing many of the high-profile non-player characters and several of the more "political" plotlines. Two recent events - "Fayre of the Empire" (Fayre 2005) and "Suukou Kaigi" (plot-event 2007) - took place on Imperial lands and were focused predominantly on the ongoing Imperial plotline.
Other Worlds.
The unnamed Renewal campaign world (sometimes referred to as "The Land") lies at the centre of the campaign's cosmology, surrounded by six more or less earthlike worlds and twelve supernatural worlds (including a plane of the undead, a plane of demons, a "pole" of spirits and the like). People from the Land very rarely travel to any of the other worlds, and the denizens of the other worlds only slightly more frequently visit the Land.
Several nations from one of the more earthlike worlds - the Keltoi, the Tagmatoi and the Amgeara (parallel versions of the Fir Cruthen, the Teutonians and the Al'Gaia, respectively) - invaded the Land in 1108 and 1109, before the portal connecting the two worlds was eventually sealed in 1110.

</doc>
<doc id="19949608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949608" title="George Douglas (priest)">
George Douglas (priest)

George James Cosmo Douglas was a Scottish Episcopalian priest during the 20th century. 
Douglas was born in 1889. He was educated at the University of Edinburgh and ordained in 1914.
He began his ordained ministry with a curacy at St Paul's Cathedral, Dundee, after which he was a chaplain to the British Armed Forces. After the war he became the priest in charge of St Andrew's and St George's Rosyth and then the rector of St John the Baptist's Dundee before his appointment as Dean of Argyll and The Isles - a post he held until his death on 7 January 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19949627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949627" title="William Dench">
William Dench

William Dench (christened April 16, 1797) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Horsham.
Dench made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1826 season. Batting as a tailender, he scored 0 not out and 2 runs in the two innings in which he batted, as his Sussex team finished with a first innings total of just 23 all out.

</doc>
<doc id="19949628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949628" title="Swizz Beatz production discography">
Swizz Beatz production discography

The following list is a discography of production by Swizz Beatz, an American hip hop record producer and recording artist from The Bronx, New York. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artist, album and title.
2011.
Maino - "Keep It Rockin EP".
01. "Keep It Rockin" (featuring Swiz Beatz, Jadakiss, Jim Jones & Joell Ortiz)
Upcoming.
Nicki Minaj - "third studio album".
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="19949629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949629" title="Hill (Sussex cricketer)">
Hill (Sussex cricketer)

Hill (first name and details unknown) was an English cricketer who played for pre-county club Sussex. He made a single first-class appearance for the team, against 1825, against pre-county club Hampshire.
Batting as an opener, Hill scored 6 runs in the first innings, and 1 run in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19949656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949656" title="2008 Abu Kamal raid">
2008 Abu Kamal raid

The 2008 Abu Kamal raid was an attack carried out by helicopter-borne CIA paramilitary officers from Special Activities Division and United States Special Operations Command, Joint Special Operations Command inside Syrian territory on October 26, 2008. The Syrian government called the event a "criminal and terrorist" attack on its sovereignty, alleging all of the reported eight fatalities were civilians. An unnamed U.S. military source, however, alleges that the target was a network of foreign fighters who travel through Syria to join the Iraqi insurgency against the United States-led Coalition in Iraq and the Iraqi government.
Background.
Throughout the Iraq War, Syria has reportedly served as a conduit for foreign fighters intending to enter Iraq to fight US, coalition, or Iraqi military and police forces. US officials have complained that militants and their reinforcement and logistics networks have been able to operate openly in Syria, and that the Syrian government has not made sufficient effort to stop it. The US says that militants fly into Damascus and then, with the help of emplaced networks, travel across the Syrian border into Iraq, mainly through the city of Ramadi. According to the US military, the foreign militants were responsible for 80% to 90% of the suicide attacks in Iraq, mainly targeting Iraqi civilians.
In the summer of 2007, a US military raid on a suspected al-Qaeda in Iraq house in the Iraqi town of Sinjar, near Syria, yielded documents containing information about alleged Syrian smuggling networks used to move foreign fighters into Iraq. The documents included al-Qaeda in Iraq records of more than 500 foreign fighters who had entered from Syria, according to the Combating Terrorism Center at the US Military Academy, where civilian analysts are examining the documents. A July 2008 report on what the documents contained indicated that at least 95 Syrian "coordinators" were involved in facilitating the movement of the foreign fighters into Iraq. The report stated that many of the coordinators were from smuggling families in Bedouin clans and other Syrian tribes.
Since the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, there have been a few reported incidents of the US military firing across the border at targets in Syria. US General David H. Petraeus stated in October 2008 that efforts by US and Iraqi forces, as well as by the Syrian government, had cut the number of militants crossing into Iraq from Syria from about 100 a month to 20 a month. Petraeus, however, stated that more needed to be done to halt the flow of militants. In 2008, the US blamed violence in Mosul on foreign fighters from Syria.
The raid.
The raid took place in Eastern Syria near Abu Kamal, which is near the Iraqi border city of Al-Qa'im. This area was regarded by the U.S. as the main crossing point into Iraq for fighters, money, and equipment in support of the Iraqi insurgency. At some point in time the Central Intelligence Agency confirmed the location of al-Qaeda coordinator Abu Ghadiya, accused of being responsible for much of the smuggling, and suggested the raid be undertaken. According to Cable News Network, US President George W. Bush likely approved the mission.
Four American Blackhawk helicopters entered Syrian airspace around 16:45 local time on October 26 and deployed roughly two dozen soldiers, who attacked a building under construction in the village of As Sukkariyah, just north of Abu Kamal. Sky News reported that two of the four American helicopters landed, allowing 10 US Army Special Forces soldiers to disembark and storm a building under construction. The Syrian government stated that the soldiers killed eight civilians, including a man, his four children, and a married couple. However, reporters said they only saw seven bodies, and no children. U.S. officials contended that all those killed during the raid were associated with Abu Ghadiya, the operation's target. A villager from the area stated that at least two men were seized by the American forces. An eyewitness told the BBC that two of the dead — the married couple — were "very simple people" who "lived in a tent and were being paid to guard building materials such as cement and timber, 24 hours a day. These people will have had nothing to do with the insurgency in Iraq." Syria's official news agency gave the names of the dead as Dahud Mohammed al-Abdullah, his four sons, and Ahmed Khalifeh Ali Abbas al-Hassan and his wife. The US disputed the Syrians' statement of civilian casualties, claiming that all of the people killed in the assault were militants.
Target.
The target of the raid was said to be a "foreign fighter logistics network". A U.S. source told CBS News that "the leader of the foreign fighters, an al-Qaeda officer, was the target of Sunday's cross-border raid." He said the attack was successful but did not say whether or not the al-Qaeda officer was killed. Fox News later reported that Abu Ghadiya, "Al Qaeda's senior coordinator operating in Syria", was killed in the attack. The "New York Times" reported that during the raid the US troops involved killed several armed males who "posed a threat."
Abu Ghadiya is a Sunni Iraqi born between 1977 and 1979 in Mosul, whose actual name is Badran Turki Hishan al Mazidih. The U.S. government accuses him of working for Iraqi al-Qaeda leader Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi and later Abu Ayyub Al-Masri, and of being appointed the Syrian commander for logistics in 2004. The US had reportedly known about Abu Ghadiya for "months or years" and had been pressing the Syrian government to hand over, capture, or kill him. According to "The New York Times", Abu Ghadiya was either killed near his tent or died after being taken by the American troops; his body was flown out of Syria. American officials have stated that Ghadiya was killed in the raid along with several other members of his cell.
The Syrian government disputed the claims, stating that these were "lies from the United States" and that the American troops had violated international law and Syrian sovereignty. An 2009 investigation by "Vanity Fair" that interviewed Syrian eyewitnesses, including a man shot during the raid, cast doubt on the Ghadiya assertion. Former Clinton administration official Robert Malley, who met with State Department officials at the time, was quoted in the article affirming that Ghadiya was killed in the raid. However, former CIA officer Robert Baer was highly skeptical, saying, "If they brought back an al-Qaeda body, why don’t they have something? There’s no conceivable way they would have killed him and not shown it”.
Syrian permission given pre-attack.
On October 28, Israeli journalist Ronen Bergman reported Syrian intelligence had cooperated with the US against al-Qaeda, and that Syria had told the US that it would not intervene in a US strike. Several days later, "The Times" also reported that the Syrians had agreed to the raid through a back channel established with the Syrian Air Force Intelligence Directorate. According to the report, after the Syrians gave the U.S. information pertaining to the location of Abu Ghadiya, they agreed to allow the U.S. to apprehend him and bring him to Iraq; as such, when Syrian air defenses, on high alert since the Israeli-led Operation Orchard, detected the American helicopters and requested permission to engage them, it was denied. However, the unintended firefight and subsequent deaths made it impossible for the operation to remain covert. One tribal leader told the paper that an hour and a half after the attack, Syrian intelligence officers came to the area, warning the villagers that if they spoke about what had just occurred, their family members would die.
US government position.
The Syrian Government has called the raid "terrorist aggression" and a violation of their sovereignty. The Americans defend the action as self-defense under Article 51 of the UN Charter, citing their belief that Syria is responsible for providing "sanctuary to terrorists". The same reason was used for U.S. raids into Pakistan a few months before as part of the War on Terror. Turkey has also used this argument for its raids against PKK rebels in northern Iraq, while Colombia has used this defence for cross-border attacks against FARC.
The US position, as presented to the UN General Assembly a month before the incident by President George W. Bush, is that sovereign states have "an obligation to govern responsibly, and solve problems before they spill across borders. We have an obligation to prevent our territory from being used as a sanctuary for terrorism and proliferation and human trafficking and organized crime." Anthony Cordesman, an analyst at the US Center for Strategic and International Studies, said about the raid that, "When you are dealing with states that do not maintain their sovereignty and become a de facto sanctuary, the only way you have to deal with them is this kind of operation."
Aftermath.
Syria and Iraq.
Syria summoned the U.S. and Iraqi chargés d'affaires to Damascus to protest the unauthorized raid. Sergeant Brooke Murphy, an American military spokesman in Baghdad, said that commanders were investigating. According to the Associated Press, an anonymous U.S. official said that a raid had taken place, and had aimed to target members of a foreign fighter logistics network that reaches from Syria into Iraq. In other media, Syria has characterized the attack as "terrorist aggression". Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem went ahead with a meeting with UK Foreign Minister David Miliband the day after the raid, but their joint news conference was canceled. On October 28 Syria closed an American school called the Damascus Community School in Damascus and a US cultural center.
Iraq is in an awkward position because it wants to remain friendly with Syria, but also wants to prevent people believed to be creating unrest in Iraq from entering through Syria. Iraq's official spokesperson officially denounced the attack, stating, "The Iraqi government rejects U.S. aircraft bombarding posts inside Syria." However, an Iraqi Government spokesman stated Syria had in the past refused to hand over fighters who were accused of killing 13 Iraqi border guards. He also stated that the proposed agreement for US forces to stay in Iraq after the UN mandate ends "will limit this type of operation. It will limit the United States from using Iraqi land to attack others." Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said about the raid, "This area was a staging ground for activities by terrorist organizations hostile to Iraq." al-Dabbagh added that Iraq had previously requested that Syria turn over members of the insurgent group that uses Syria as its base.
Iraqi government officials in Mosul and the surrounding province of Ninevah strongly supported the raid and have encouraged the US and Iraqi central governments to do even more to stop the flow of insurgents from Syria into Iraq. Said Khosro Goran, the vice-governor of Ninevah, "We have an open border with Syria and our neighbours are actively encouraging the terrorists."
International reactions.
Russia condemned the attack and refused "the use of force against independent sovereign states under the disguise of combating terrorism." A Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson stated, "We oppose any deed that harms other countries' sovereignty and territorial integrity." India expressed disapproval of the raid, stating that actions resulting in the deaths of civilians are counterproductive. France expressed serious concern over the loss of Syrian civilian lives and called for restraint and respect for the territorial integrity of states. Spain's foreign minister called for an end to such dangerous events and expressed condolences to Syria for the deaths of civilians. North Korea condemned the raid, stating "The military attack is an unpardonable, inhuman criminal act...and state terrorism committed under the pretext of the anti-terrorism war" The government of Venezuela also condemned the raid, calling it a barbaric act, and President Hugo Chávez characterized the raid as illegal aggression. Vietnam opposed the US unilateral military attack and said that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of nations must always be absolutely respected. Cuba
expressed vigorous condemnation for the raid, characterizing it as a criminal action and a violation of international law. The Indian Foreign Ministry said that "The scourge of terrorism affects many nations across the world. While this must elicit decisive responses, when such actions result in the death of innocent civilians, they defeat the very objective of the intervention."
The Arab League denounced the raid and voiced its support to Syria to protect its sovereignty and people. AL Secretary General Amr Moussa underlined the League's support for Syria's right to defend its land and people and called for an investigation in the incident to hold those responsible into account. The Foreign Ministry of Qatar said that the raid contravened "the principles of international law and charters", and expressed its condolences for those killed and injured. Iran condemned the raid, stating that "We actually condemn any attack which violates national sovereignty of countries and leads to the killing of innocent people. Such invasions are unacceptable." Facing increased internal pressure the Iraqi government unexpectedly criticized the expedition into the border village. A spokesman for the Iraqi, Ali al-Dabbagh, said: "The Iraqi government rejects US aircraft bombarding posts inside Syria. The constitution does not allow Iraq to be used as a staging ground to attack neighbouring countries."
Increased animosity.
The Syrian government reacted by warning of retaliation if the US stages any more cross-border strikes, while also demanding respect of its sovereignty. The Syrian foreign minister accused the US of conducting a planned act of "criminal and terrorist aggression" in broad daylight with "blunt determination". Walid Muallem said, "We would defend our territories. All of them civilian, unarmed, and they [were on Syrian territory." The Syrians also summoned the US and Iraqi ambassadors to protest against the raid, according to the Syrian Sana news agency. Though the US did not officially respond to the accusations, sources were quoted saying a smuggling ring taking foreign fighters into Iraq was the target.
The Syrian government also ordered the closure of an American school and the American Cultural Center in Damascus. And a public spokesman for the US embassy in Damascus said on Wednesday that the Embassy may close to the public for an unspecified period of time.
On October 30, 2008, thousands of Syrians in Damascus protested against the raid. They waved national flags and banners reading "No to U.S. aggression on the Syrian territory" and "The American aggression will not succeed".
Other reactions.
A number of politicians in the United States have condemned the raid. Representative Dennis Kucinich protested the raid, stating, "Saber rattling and attacks upon sovereign nations who did not attack us are unacceptable." Representative Nick Rahall was quoted in 2009 as saying that "civilians lost their lives in an unfortunate attempt by the previous administration to once again mislead, bully, and isolate a regime".

</doc>
<doc id="19949699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949699" title="List of highways numbered 422">
List of highways numbered 422

The following highways are numbered 422:

</doc>
<doc id="19949768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949768" title="One Monkey Don't Stop No Show (song)">
One Monkey Don't Stop No Show (song)

One Monkey Don't Stop No Show is a R&B song recorded by Stick McGhee and His Buddies in 1950, credited to McGhee, released on an Atlantic Records 78, A937, in 1951. Big Maybelle made it popular in 1955 and another version was recorded by Joe Tex in 1965. In 1966 it was covered by The Animals. They also performed it on the BBC and on several live shows. In 1972 the all-girl group Honey Cone took its altogether different version to number five on the R&B singles chart and number 15 on the pop singles chart. Gillian Welch adapted this song for her and David Rawlings song "One Monkey" on their 2003 album Soul Journey.

</doc>
<doc id="19949779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949779" title="Leander Rand">
Leander Rand

Leander Rand (October 7, 1827 – 1900) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Canning, Nova Scotia, the son of Stephen Strong Rand and Nancy Forsyth. In 1851, Rand married Olivia Ann Borden. He was a major in the local militia and also served on the municipal council for King's County.

</doc>
<doc id="19949804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949804" title="Henry Knight (cricketer)">
Henry Knight (cricketer)

Henry Knight (1796 – May 31, 1843) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Rowling and died in Kent.
Knight made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1827, against Kent. In the twelve-a-side match, Knight finished on 3 not out in the first innings, and did not bat in the second.
Knight's brothers, George, Brook and Edward, grandsons Edward and Lewis D'Aeth, and nephews Philip, William and Gerald Portal all played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="19949805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949805" title="O'Dea House (Berwyn Heights, Maryland)">
O'Dea House (Berwyn Heights, Maryland)

The O'Dea House, is a historic home located in Berwyn Heights, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The house was built in 1888 from a pattern book design and is a -story frame Queen Anne-style dwelling. Most notable of its features is the three-story octagonal tower and varied ornamental surface coverings.
The O'Dea House is significant for its association with the development of Berwyn Heights, originally Charlton Heights, an early streetcar suburb of Washington, D.C. and for its architectural character. Beginning in the 1870s, the area northeast of Washington was the scene of active and continuous development as the population of the city increased and railroad suburbs such as Berwyn Heights gradually grew and expanded around it. The O'Dea House is one of the houses erected by the Charlton Heights Improvement Company to spur development of its new community. In typical fashion, these company-built houses were often mail order or pattern book houses. The pattern for the O'Dea House is from an 1888 published design by Robert W. Shoppell.
The O'Dea House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was sold in 1939 to Lawrence and Alice O'Dea, and bears their name.

</doc>
<doc id="19949813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949813" title="Banja Kakani">
Banja Kakani

Banja Kakani is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3104 living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19949822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949822" title="Scriptol">
Scriptol

Scriptol is an object-oriented programming language that allows users to declare an XML document as a class. The language is universal and allows users to create dynamic web pages, as well as create scripts and binary applications.

</doc>
<doc id="19949832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949832" title="Count Wenzel Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin">
Count Wenzel Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin

Václav Antonín Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín () (February 26, 1674 – May 2, 1754) was a Bohemian nobleman and royal Stadtholder in the Kingdom of Bohemia.
Family background.
Václav Antonín Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín was born in Bělušice, Bohemia (now Czech Republic), on February 26, 1674. His title was knight (; ). He was son of Vilém Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín (1628–1674) and his second wife Johanna Sabina Proy von Gaiselsberg und Findtelstein (1650–1692). 
He married Maria Theresia Ludmilla Scheidler von Scheidlern (1684–1709) on October 28, 1698 in Prague. Maria Theresia was daughter of Ferdinand Christoph ("Ritter") Scheidler von Scheidlern, captain of the Prague quarter Malá Strana (Lesser Town) and High Chamberlain ("nejvyšší zemský komorník"; "Oberstlandkämmerer") of the Kingdom of Bohemia.
He was father of:
Biographical data.
On February 6, 1702, Václav Antonín Chotek Ritter (Baronet) of Chotkov and Vojnín was received into the Bohemian peerage in Vienna. On May 13, 1743, in Laxenburg he was awarded the title of Bohemian Graf (Count) and on October 4, 1745 in Frankfurt am Main he was elevated to the rank of Reichsgraf (Imperial Count) with heraldic augmentation. 
Owner of the Bělušice estate, Václav Chotek also acquired the Veltrusy estate, where architect František Maxmilián Kaňka erected his new residence, the Veltrusy Mansion in 1716. He later also purchased the Domašín estate, becoming one of the richest landowners in Bohemia.
Václav Chotek was head of the Slaný Landkreis (district) and, thereafter, head of the Litoměřice Landkreis. After these assignments, he was appointed Imperial Counsellor. He also held the position of Austrian Stadtholder of the Kingdom of Bohemia from 1735–1738. 
Václav Chotek died in Prague on May 2, 1754, age 80.

</doc>
<doc id="19949838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949838" title="Dipayal Silgadhi">
Dipayal Silgadhi

Silgadhi is a small hill town and municipality, district headquarters of Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 23,416 people living in 5,493 individual households.
Radio Nepal has a regional station in Dipayal Silgadhi which transmits various programs of mass interest. Silgadhi based Tribeni FM 94.4 MHz, Radio Shaileswori 105.9 MHz are the F.M. station here to serve people. Among them Tribeni FM and Radio Shaileswori are Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19949860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949860" title="Ricki Olsen">
Ricki Olsen

Ricki Olsen (born October 21, 1988) is a Danish professional football player who plays for Næstved. He is the son of the former Danish national team player Lars Olsen.
Olsen started his career with Brøndby IF, but did not play any senior games for the team. Randers FC signed Olsen from Brøndby IF in the summer of 2008. Olsen got his first match on October 26 against Aalborg BK. Olsen played 75 minutes before being replaced by teammate Alain Behi. Olsen got his first goal for the club on March 1, against AGF when he scored the winning goal from about 30 yards out. The game ended 2–1.
In January 2012 he write a contract with Næstved BK in the 1st Division

</doc>
<doc id="19949870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949870" title="Trinidad to Clam Beach Run">
Trinidad to Clam Beach Run

The Trinidad to Clam Beach Run began in the 60s in Humboldt County, CA as a 8.75 mile winter training race for track and field athletes attending Humboldt State University. The event grew into a nationally known run and added a 3 mile and 5 ¾ mile race. A half marathon was added in 2002, but has since been discontinued.
The Run starts 3 miles north of Trinidad, California on Patrick's Point Drive. It continues through town, down Scenic Drive to Moonstone Beach and then on to Clam Beach. Crossing the mouth of the Little River at Moonstone Beach is a dramatic feature of the course. The height of the tide on either the last Saturday of January or the first Saturday of February determines the Run's date and start time. The final leg is on Clam Beach.
The Trinidad to Clam Beach Run is sponsored by the Greater Trinidad Chamber of Commerce. Profits from the Run support the Chamber’s scholarship fund.
In 2014 the race will be on Saturday, January 25th.

</doc>
<doc id="19949879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949879" title="Williams' Blood">
Williams' Blood

"Williams' Blood" – a single by Grace Jones, released in 2008.
Background.
"Williams' Blood" is an autobiographical song, written by Jones and music duo Wendy & Lisa, explaining how Jones takes after her mother's, Marjorie Jones "née" Williams, musical side of the family rather than that of her disciplinarian father Reverend Robert Jones. According to the lyrics, Jones' mother reveals that her grandfather was a musician who traveled with Nat King Cole, womanizing and drinking from town to town. The song describes her family's lament that she isn't more of a Jones like her sister or brother Noel while she expresses her desire to be free. In the song's introduction Jones distorts a line from the first stanza of "Amazing Grace" declaring, "You can't save a wretch like me". At the end of the track when Jones sings the first two lines of "Amazing Grace", her mother Marjorie, a lyric soprano, can be heard singing the same hymn in church. The song's working title was "Keeping up with the Joneses", an idiom heard in the lyrics.
"Time Out London" described the composition as "among the most personal songs she's ever recorded, celebrating the contradictions between Grace's religious family background and outré public persona". "The Independent" said the song "employs handclaps and choral refrain to build up an almost gospel fervour".
The song was released as the second single from "Hurricane" in late 2008. 1,000 12" singles were released featuring mixes by Mad Professor, Greg Wilson, Ivor Guest and Aeroplane. Balearic disco remix by the latter was initially rejected by Jones' label but eventually approved.
Music video.
A music video consisting of clips from the June 2008 Meltdown performance, dubbed with the edited studio version of the song, premiered on "Hurricane"'s official website in early January 2009. It was uploaded onto YouTube on February 5, 2009. A Chris Cunningham-directed music video was reportedly in production in late 2008 but remains unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="19949888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949888" title="Thornbury Hoard">
Thornbury Hoard

The Thornbury Hoard is a hoard of 11,460 silver Roman coins, mainly radiates and nummi, dating from 260 to 348, found in the back garden of Ken Allen in Thornbury, South Gloucestershire, England while digging a pond in March 2004. It was described as the "third largest of its kind" found in Great Britain.
Discovery, treatment and valuation.
The hoard was discovered by Ken Allen while digging a pond in his back garden. The coins were in a coarse grey ware decorated pot measuring high—thought to have originated in Caldicot, Monmouthshire—which had been damaged in the ground.
Allen reported the find and took it to Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery where it was weighed in at , and "took two people to lift the bucket it had been collected in". For the most part, the coins were readily identified after drying and chemical treatment.
At an inquest, the Coroner declared the hoard Treasure and a valuation committee subsequently valued it at £40,000. Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery acquired the hoard, funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund, the Headley Museums Treasure Acquisition Scheme, and other organisational funding.
Items discovered.
The hoard was said to be the "third largest of its kind" and consisted of 11,449 base silver nummi and 11 silver radiates, the earliest dating from during the reign of Gallienus in 260; the latest being struck in 348, during the Constantinian dynasty. However, 98% were minted in the 330s and were one of three types of nummus called a ""Gloria Exercitus"", meaning ""to the glory of the army"" – either carrying a reverse design of "two soldiers with legionary standards" or one of two commemorative types depicting the Roman capitals of Rome and Constantinople. Two of the coins were called "Two Victories" as they depicted two images of Victoria, the Roman goddess of victory.
Of the total number of coins, only seven were classified as illegible; 49 were classified as barbarous, or imitations.
The find was compared in size and constitution to those of the Nether Compton (22,670 coins) and Bishopswood (17,548 coins) hoards, found in 1989 and 1895 respectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="19949938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949938" title="Samaná Peninsula">
Samaná Peninsula

The Samaná Península is a peninsula in Dominican Republic situated in the province of Samaná. The Samaná Peninsula is connected to the rest of the state by the isthmus of Samaná. The Peninsula contains many beaches, especially in the city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná. It contains 3 rivers. The main roads are the DR-5 and the Samaná Highway that leads from the peninsula to Santo Domingo. The peninsula also contains the Samaná El Catey International Airport. The peninsula also has a lot of agriculture and social economy.

</doc>
<doc id="19949945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949945" title="In Silence (album)">
In Silence (album)

In Silence is the debut studio album by Norwegian band Fra Lippo Lippi. It was released in 1981, through record label Uniton. The album's gothic post-punk sound was heavily influenced by bands such as Joy Division and The Cure.
Critical reception.
In their retrospective review, AllMusic panned the album, calling it "arguably the only unlistenable LP in Fra Lippo Lippi's career. [...] Fra Lippo Lippi were still trying to find themselves on "In Silence"; the band sounds lost, unable to find a hook that wasn't borrowed from The Cure or Joy Division." In their review of "The Early Years", a compilation album comprising "In Silence" and the group's second album, "Small Mercies", Tiny Mix Tapes called "In Silence" "the more interesting of the two" and the album "so strangely similar Joy Division [it's] almost like having a new Joy Division/New Order album."
Re-issue.
"In Silence", along with "Small Mercies", was re-issued by Rune Arkiv in 2003 as the compilation album "The Early Years".

</doc>
<doc id="19949953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949953" title="Water power engine">
Water power engine

A Water power engine includes prime movers driven by water and which may be classified under 3 categories.
To continue, Hydro Power is generated by using electricity generators to extract energy from moving water. Also, today it is used to produce energy from something as simple as streams or rivers. The are pros and cons along with this creation as well. A small-scale Micro Hydro Power a reliable and long lasting piece of technology. Cons would be just general limitations. The technology hasn't gone that far just yet basically. It is a key to renewable and clean energy.

</doc>
<doc id="19949974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949974" title="CCG Profiles">
CCG Profiles

CCG Profiles is software for designing joinery constructions for windows and doors industry.
History.
The first version was released in 1995 – named Alumin, as a software for design and calculation of aluminium constructions for Windows. In 1999 the software was renamed Profiles and it was redesigned, in order to calculate PVC and timber constructions.
Capabilities.
Profiles covers a large part of the activity of companies engaged in manufacturing of aluminium, PVC and timber joinery.
Basic components: drawing, offering, optimization, materials, store.
Design.
With Profiles, constructions with varying levels of complexity can be designed: windows, doors, balcony doors, hanging facades, commercial shop fronts, constructions with unlimited number of wings, sliding constructions, arches, trapezoids etc.At every stage of the working process, CCG Profiles allows change of the construction parameters: dimensions, roundings, bevels, beams position, width of the wings.
Materials.
The software automatically calculates all materials required for the manufacturing process: profiles, accessories, hardware, glazing; window-sills, rolling blinds, insect screens; length of the arc and bending radius of arches. CCG Profiles generates a wide range of reports, including: cost price, specification, Bill Of Materials, cutting scheme, glass-packs, arcs, hardware, accessories.
Pricing.
CCG Profiles uses user-defined formulae to calculate the total cost, discounts, services.
Data Bases.
The software works with all systems aluminium, PVC, timber profiles, and has no limits to its scope in the use of databases. Profiles has built-in sample databases of some profile systems — Altest, Blick, Etem, Europa, Exalco, Kommerling, Profilink, Thyssen, Trocal, Veka, Winhouse etc.
Administration.
Settings and restrictions for the work with Profiles are included in the separate programming module - Admin. They allow the users to select a working language, select a database system, select export to automatic circular-saws, Import/Export capabilities.
Reviews and Awards.
At the 62nd International Fair Plovdiv, 2006, the program CCG Profiles was awarded a golden medal.
Articles for the program were published in the Bulgarian magazine "AMS Aspects" and the Serbian one "Aluminium & PVC magazin". 
According to an unofficial data, CCG Profiles is one of the most popular software for windows & doors industry in Bulgaria, and a large number of companies – manufacturers and suppliers of profile systems (Etem, Blick, Veka, Weiss Profil, Exalco, Profilink, Altest, Profilko, Roplasto) offer the software product to its customers.

</doc>
<doc id="19949993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949993" title="Tsunami UDP Protocol">
Tsunami UDP Protocol

The Tsunami UDP Protocol is a UDP-based protocol that was developed for high-speed file transfer over network paths that have a high bandwidth-delay product. Such protocols are needed because standard TCP does not perform very well over paths with high bandwidth-delay products
Tsunami effects a file transfer by chunking the file into numbered blocks of 32kB. Communication between the client and server applications flows over a low bandwidth TCP connection, and the bulk data is transferred over UDP.
See also.
Tsunami UDP homepage

</doc>
<doc id="19949994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19949994" title="Robert Muir">
Robert Muir

Robert Muir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19950005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950005" title="Republican Building (Jinan)">
Republican Building (Jinan)

The Republican Building 
() is a 
historical landmark building, a hospital from the early 20th 
century located at the Shandong University campus, in the city of Jinan, Shandong Province, China. 
The building was originally part of the hospital of Cheeloo University. Construction was sponsored by the British Baptist Church. Work began in 1914 and was completed the
following year. The building was officially inaugurated on September 
27, 1915 by the military governor of Shandong, Jin Yunpeng ().

</doc>
<doc id="19950026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950026" title="Kumaraswamy Nandagopan">
Kumaraswamy Nandagopan

Kumaraswamy Nandagopan (Tamil:குமாரசுவாமி நந்தகோபன்; 1976 – November 14, 2008), alias Ragu, was the president of the Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal in Sri Lanka and advisor to Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan. He was a staunch Pillaiyan loyalist, and his appointment as TMVP president was opposed by Karuna. He was shot and killed near Colombo by suspected LTTE gunmen on Friday November 14, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19950047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950047" title="Veronicella">
Veronicella

Veronicella is a genus of tropical air-breathing land slugs in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.
"V. cubensis" and "V. sloanii" are known as agricultural pests.
Species.
Species within the genus "Veronicella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19950059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950059" title="The Witchery of Archery">
The Witchery of Archery

The Witchery of Archery, written by Maurice Thompson in 1878, was the first book in English about hunting with a bow ever published. Its full title is The Witchery of Archery: A Complete Manual of Archery. With Many Chapters of Adventures by Field and Flood, and an Appendix Containing Practical Directions for the Manufacture and Use of Archery Implements. It was the first important book about archery written in English since "Toxophilus", which was written in 1545. It was said that "Witchery" "...has as much effect on archery as "Uncle Tom's Cabin" had on the Civil War.
Background.
When Thompson wrote "The Witchery of Archery", he filled it with various stories, many of which were humorous. However, it also gave practical advice on the sport, such as the manufacturing of archery paraphernalia and how to use the equipment while hunting.
"The Witchery of Archery" was accredited for returning the sport of archery to public interest. Some of this was due to rifles bringing back bad memories of the American Civil War. However, the revival also served some larger, pragmatic purpose: ex-Confederate soldiers were not allowed guns, but needed hunting to survive; archery became a convenient substitution. In addition, the late 1800s saw the last of the American Indian Wars, thus romanticizing the Native Americans and their cultures, which, in most accounts, included expert archery. In 1880, with the book less than two years old, patents relating to archery items greatly increased. More than any other book, "The Witchery of Archery" led to the increased interest in archery for the next half-century.
A year after "The Witchery of Archery" was published, Thompson was selected as the first president of the National Archery Association, largely due to the book.
A writer of several books, Thompson seemed to show little pride in writing "The Witchery of Archery". On the title pages of his various works, he would list several titles he authored, but never did he list '""The Witchery of Archery"'.

</doc>
<doc id="19950068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950068" title="Small Mercies (album)">
Small Mercies (album)

Small Mercies is the second album by Norwegian group Fra Lippo Lippi and the first to feature new lead vocalist Per Øystein Sørensen. In contrast to the New Wave sound of the band's debut album "In Silence", the addition of Sørensen gave "Small Mercies" and the band's further recordings a more pop-oriented feel.
"Everytime I See You", a song released by the band in 1986 from their album "Songs", is a reworking of the song "A Small Mercy".
This album (sans the song "Some Things Never Change") and "In Silence" were re-released by Rune Arkiv in 2003 as the compilation album "The Early Years".

</doc>
<doc id="19950123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950123" title="Banalek">
Banalek

Banalek is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3812 living in 608 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950129" title="Barchhen">
Barchhen

Barchhen is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4343 living in 675 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950135" title="Basudevi">
Basudevi

Basudevi is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2516 living in 486 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950143" title="Bhawardanda">
Bhawardanda

Bhawardanda is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2884 living in 542 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950152" title="Bhdhegau">
Bhdhegau

Bhdhegau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2078 living in 407 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950156" title="Bhumirajmandau">
Bhumirajmandau

Bhumirajmandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3891 living in 743 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950193" title="Hydraulic redistribution">
Hydraulic redistribution

Hydraulic redistribution refers to the mechanism by which some vascular plants redistribute soil water. It occurs in vascular plants that commonly have roots in both wet soil and extremely dry soil, especially plants with both taproots that grow vertically down to the water table, and lateral roots that sit close to the surface. 
Process.
During hot, dry periods, when the surface soil dries out to the extent that the lateral roots exude whatever water they contain, will result in the death of such lateral roots unless the water is replaced. Similarly, under extreme wet conditions when lateral roots are inundated by flood waters, oxygen deprivation will also lead to root peril. In plants that exhibit hydraulic redistribution, there are xylem pathways from the taproots to the laterals, such that the absence or abundance of water at the laterals creates a pressure potential analogous to that of transpirational pull. In drought conditions, ground water is drawn up through the taproot to the laterals and exuded into the surface soil, replenishing that which was lost. Under flooding conditions, plant roots perform a similar function in the opposite direction. For a visualization of this process, see "Hydraulic Redistribution Cartoon," Dawson Lab, UC Berkeley, CA
Though often referred to as hydraulic lift, movement of water by the plant roots has been shown to occur in any direction. This phenomenon has been documented in over sixty plant species spanning a variety of plant types (from herb and grasses to shrubs and trees) and over a range of environmental conditions (from the Kalahari Desert to the Amazon Rainforest).
Causes.
The movement of this water can be explained by the theory of water transport through a plant. This well established theory is called the cohesion-tension theory. In brief, it states that movement of water through the plant depends on having a continuous column of water, from the roots to the leaves. Water is then pulled from the roots to the leaves, through the plant system, by the difference in water potential between the boundary layers of the soil and the atmosphere. Therefore the driving force for moving water through a plant is the cohesive strength of water molecules and a pressure gradient from the roots to the leaves. This theory can still be applied when the boundary layer to the atmosphere is closed, e.g. when plant stomata are closed or in senesced plants. The pressure gradient is between soil layers with different water potentials; water moves through the roots from wetter to drier soil layers in the same manner as it does when the plant is transpiring.
Significance.
The ecological importance of hydraulically redistributed water is becoming better understood as this phenomenon is more carefully examined. Water redistribution by plant roots has been found influencing crop irrigation, where watering schemes leave a harsh heterogeneity in soil moisture. The plant roots have been shown to smooth or homogenize the soil moisture. This sort of smoothing out of soil moisture is important in maintaining plant root health. The redistribution of water from deep moist layers to shallow drier layers by large trees has shown to increase the moisture available in the daytime to meet the transpiration demand. 
The implications of hydraulic redistribution seem to have an important influence on plant ecosystems. Whether or not plants redistribute water through the soil layers can affect plant population dynamics, such as the facilitation of neighboring species. The increase in available daytime soil moisture can also offset low transpiration rates due to drought ("see also drought rhizogenesis") or alleviate competition for water between competing plant species. Water redistributed to the near surface layers may also influence plant nutrient availability.
Observations and Modeling.
Due to the ecological significance of hydraulically redistributed water, there is an ongoing effort to continue the categorization of plants exhibiting this behaviour and adapting this physiological process into land-surface models to improve model predictions.
Traditional methods of observating hydraulic redistribution include Deuterium isotope traces, sap flow, and soil moisture. In attempts to characterize the magnitude of the water redistributed, numerous models (both empirically and theoretically based) have been developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19950208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950208" title="Obie Graves">
Obie Graves

Obie Graves is a former Citrus College and Cal State Fullerton football player, who went on to play two seasons in the Canadian Football League.
Football career.
While at Monrovia High School, he played for the football time in the halfback position from 1972 until 1974. 
Graves went on to Citrus College, where he played from 1975 to 1976. While there, he earned and still holds the records for: Most Carries In A Season: (235), for the 1975 season; Most Rushing Yards In A Season (1228), for the 1976 season; Most All Purpose Yards In A Season (1445), for the 1976 season; Most Points In A Season: (108) for the 1976 season, Most Touchdowns In A Season: (18) for the 1976 season, Most Points In A Career: (138), for his career there spanning 1975-1976; and Most Touchdowns In A Career: (23) for 1975-1976.
Graves transferred to Cal State Fullerton in 1977 and played for their football team as a running back. In 1978, he ran a total of 219 yards in their game against San Jose State.
Graves played in the Canadian Football League after he graduated from college, playing two seasons as a running back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, from 1980 to 1982. He holds the Tiger-Cat record for most carries in a game, with thirty-three carries.

</doc>
<doc id="19950212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950212" title="Changra, Nepal">
Changra, Nepal

Changra is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2748 living in 532 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950213" title="Chris Hegarty (Scottish footballer)">
Chris Hegarty (Scottish footballer)

Chris Hegarty (born 24 July 1984) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career.
Hegarty came through the youth ranks at Dundee and made several first team appearances, including four in the Scottish Premier League. He moved to Peterhead on loan, however, and eventually signed for the club on a permanent basis. After a brief spell with Arbroath during the 2007–08 season, Jim Weir took Chris to Montrose on transfer deadline day in January 2008. 
Hegarty grabbed an opportunity in November to stake a claim for the right back position vacated by David Worrell. He strung together a series of excellent performances in both the attacking and defensive parts of his game. Hegarty scored his first Montrose goal from the penalty spot in a 3–1 home win against Elgin City in January 2009. Hegarty's tough tackling and creative attacks made him a firm favourite with the Montrose fans in 2009 but during the dreadful 2009/10 season Hegarty picked up numerous cards and had the worst disciplinary record in Scottish football.
After one season with Forfar Athletic, Hegarty signed for Ballingry Rovers in the 2012 summer transfer window.

</doc>
<doc id="19950217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950217" title="Chhapali">
Chhapali

Chhapali is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2509 living in 501 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950228" title="Chhatiwan, Seti">
Chhatiwan, Seti

Chhatiwan is a Village Development Committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3000 residing in 478 individual households.
The name for this VDC comes from a lake that is situated in the village of Chhatiwan. This lake has fresh drinking water and teamed with various kind of fish. Lately due to the deforestation and soil erosion, this lake is being filled with all debris coming in due to the flash flood from its North side of the mountain. Budar is the major town of this VDC and at this town Dadeldhura and Jogbuda roads cross. Some of the major villages in this VDC are Budar, Ritha, Phaltude, Dharapani, Chhatiwan, Chhahara and many others. There are two small mountain streams that eventually meet up at Deujaal. A stream that comes from the Chhahara village has a wonderful water fall. The name of the water fall itself is Chhahara. In Nepali "Chhahara" means water fall. Once in a year there is a special festival at the foot of this water fall where people from many surrounding villages come and celebrate throughout the night. The festival begins in the evening and people sing, dance and merry all through the night. This is also the night when lovers elope if the family does not agree for their marriage. Along the stream grows a plant called "sisnu". This plant has mild poisonous element and once the Caterpillar type of hairy things get stuck in the skin, the skin will be burning for a long time. But the belief is that once in a year after the festival you have to be stung by that plant so that you will remain healthy throughout that year. So, people will be chasing each other in the morning to torture each other with that plant. Some times drinking creates big fights among the villager. Chhatiwan VDC is also popular for a model school in far west Nepal. Rampur School is the oldest school and now it has school for the disabled children for the whole of Far west. There is also an Army School in Budar. During the construction of Dadeldhura Highway, Budar was very important place as it was the headquarter for the road construction department.

</doc>
<doc id="19950231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950231" title="List of fictional hypnotists">
List of fictional hypnotists

This page is a list of fictional hypnotists.
A-F.
Alucard (Hellsing)
- Amanda Sefton
- Austin Powers
- Baron Mordo
- Black Widow (Natalia Romanova)
- Bluto
- Captain Universe
- Crystal Ball (G.I. Joe)
- Count Dracula
- Dansen Macabre
- Doctor Druid
- Doctor Occult
- Doctor Strange
- Dracula (Marvel Comics)
- Fiddler (comics)
- Foreigner (comics)
G-L.
Gambit (comics)
- Hypno-Hustler
- Hypnota
- Hypnotia
- Jafar (Aladdin)
- Jean-Claude
- Kaa
- Kurumu Kurono
- Lira (Encantadia)
- Lelouch Lamperouge
M-R.
Mandrake the Magician
- Master (Doctor Who)
- Mentok the Mind-Taker
- Mesmero
- Miracle Man
- Mister Mind and the Monster Society of Evil
- Monk (comics)
- Morbius, the Living Vampire
- Nati (Caminhos do Coração)
- Orb (comics)
- Paibok
- Ringmaster (comics)
S-Z.
Samira Mayer (Caminhos do Coração)
- Satana (Marvel Comics)
- Sauron (comics)
- Sinistron
- Siren (DC Comics)
- Slowpoke Rodriguez
- Spellbinder (DC Comics)
- Sublimino (Ben 10)
- Super-Skrull
- Sōsuke Aizen
- The Shadow
- Siren (DC Comics)
- Svengali
- Universo
- Vlad (Caminhos do Coração)

</doc>
<doc id="19950257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950257" title="Dahakalikasthan">
Dahakalikasthan

Dahakalikasthan is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1999 living in 362 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950263" title="Event horizon (disambiguation)">
Event horizon (disambiguation)

An event horizon is a boundary around a black hole inside which events can not affect an outside observer.
Event horizon or Event Horizon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19950265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950265" title="Daud, Nepal">
Daud, Nepal

Daud, Nepal is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4321 living in 847 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950266" title="List of Asian superheroes">
List of Asian superheroes

This is a list of Asian superheroes. Over the years, comic books, television and film have delivered a diverse but sometimes stereotypical sampling of characters of East Asian, Southeast Asian and South Asian descent.
Southeast Asian.
Malaysian.
Kluang man

</doc>
<doc id="19950276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950276" title="Dhanglagau">
Dhanglagau

Dhanglagau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3111 living in 486 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950284" title="Dhirkamandau">
Dhirkamandau

Dhirkamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 1754 living in 355 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950293" title="Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A.">
Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A.

Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A. is a 1946 race film directed by Spencer Williams and produced and distributed by Sack Amusement Enterprises.
Plot.
Gertie LaRue (Francine Everett) is a nightclub entertainer from the Harlem neighborhood of New York City. She arrives on the Caribbean island of "Rinidad" to perform as the headliner in a revue at the Paradise Hotel. Gertie has earned the nickname "Dirty Gertie" for the casual nature in which she entices and then humiliates men. On the island she attracts the attention of two US military officers—a soldier and a sailor—whom she nicknames "Tight Pants" and "High Pockets," respectively. The men enjoy sharing Gertie’s affections. However, Diamond Joe, the owner of the hotel, finds himself falling for Gertie and begins to shower her with gifts. Gertie also attracts the attention of two missionaries, Mr. Christian and Ezra Crumm, who keep watch on Gertie’s activities. However, a former boyfriend from Harlem tracks Gertie to the island. Unable to possess her, the ex-boyfriend kills her while insisting that he loves her.
Production.
"Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A." is an unauthorized adaptation of the W. Somerset Maugham story "Rain", which had been adapted as the John Colton-Clemence Randolph play "Rain." The property had already been filmed twice prior to this version: as the 1928 "Miss Sadie Thompson" starring Gloria Swanson and the 1932 "Rain" starring Joan Crawford. This adaptation changed the names of the characters, switched the location from the Pacific Rim to the Caribbean and gave the female lead a career in entertainment (the original concept had the female lead as a prostitute).
The film was directed by Spencer Williams, an African-American actor and writer who directed a series of race films during the 1940s for the Dallas, Texas-based producer Alfred Sack, who distributed these all-black productions to cinemas catering to African-American audiences. Williams appeared in "Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A." as a female fortune teller who predicts Gertie’s death.
"Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A." was also the last starring role in a feature film for Francine Everett, who was a star of race films, most notably "Keep Punching" (1939) and "Big Timers" (1945). After completing this film, she had bit roles in two Hollywood productions, "Lost Boundaries" (1949) and "No Way Out" (1950), before retiring from acting.
"Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A." was a commercially successful title on the race film circuit, but it was not widely seen by white audiences until the 1990s. The film is a public domain title.
DVD release.
"Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A." was released on Region 0 DVD by Alpha Video, as part of a double feature with "Sepia Cinderella", on July 31, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19950301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950301" title="Durgamandau">
Durgamandau

Durgamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3285 living in 660 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950305" title="Gadasera">
Gadasera

Gadasera is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3475 living in 648 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19950318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950318" title="HM Prison Channings Wood">
HM Prison Channings Wood

HM Prison Channings Wood is a Category C men's prison, located in the village of Denbury (near Newton Abbot) in Devon, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The United States Army built a camp and shooting range at Denbury in the run up to the invasion of Europe in 1944. The site was taken over by the Royal Corps of Signals junior training Regiment. The construction of Channings Wood Prison began on the former Ministry of Defence site in 1973, by a combination of contract and prison labour. The prison officially opened in July 1974, with further accommodation added in 1991.
From the 1990s Channings Wood gained a reputation for pioneering therapeutic work to reform sex offenders and drug addicts. This was confirmed in a report by Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons in April 2003, however the report noted that overcrowding at Channings Wood was putting this good work at risk. Further accommodation was constructed at the prison in 2003.
Channings Wood was praised again in a report in 2005 which highlighted the prisons education programme, accommodation and levels of safety. However a year later ten inmates staged a roof-top protest at the prison for 28 hours. The prisoners were "protesting about their food being cooked by prisoners on the sex offenders register." The protest ended peacefully.
A new 64 bed unit was opened at Channings Wood in 2007. The new wing houses the specialist Therapeutic Community which tackles drug misuse issues amongst prisoners.
The prison today.
Channings Wood Prison houses offenders serving a wide range of sentence lengths, and predominantly receives new arrivals from local prisons across the South West Area. Two of the residential living blocks at the prison make up the Vulnerable Prisoners Unit which specialises in delivering Sex Offender Treatment Programmes. 
The prison provides educational courses to prisoners, include Barbering, Business Studies, Catering, Industrial Cleaning, Creative Media Studies, Customer Services, Driving Theory, Dry-Lining, Electrical Installation, ESOL, Food Hygiene, Fork Lift Driving, Horticulture, Information Technology, Painting and Decorating, Physical Education and Yoga. It also offers employment opportunities.
The prison offers a gym and league sports. The prison chaplaincy offers a chapel and multi-faith room to inmates and staff at the prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19950322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950322" title="Landsbanki Freezing Order 2008">
Landsbanki Freezing Order 2008

The Landsbanki Freezing Order 2008 (later amended) is an Order of HM Treasury to freeze the assets of Icelandic bank Landsbanki in the United Kingdom made under the Anti-terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, by virtue of the fact that the Treasury reasonably believed that "action to the detriment of the United Kingdom's economy (or part of it) has been or is likely to be taken by a person or persons." As required by the enabling Act, the Order was approved by both Houses of Parliament on 28 October 2008, which was 20 days after the Order had come into force.
The Order was made after Landsbanki was placed into receivership in Iceland. The bank offered online accounts under the trade name Icesave: some 300,000 depositors in the UK had deposits worth about £4 billion when the bank collapsed.
In a memorandum to the Joint Committee on Statutory Instruments, the Treasury stated that "the primary concern was to prohibit the flow of funds held or controlled by Landsbanki's UK branch out of the UK and back to Iceland." The same document also mentioned other reasons for making the order, namely that "the emergency legislation passed in Iceland on 7th October 2008 meant that UK creditors' rights could be prejudiced compared with other creditors" and that "the Icelandic action was likely to have a particularly significant unsettling effect on consumer confidence at a time of unprecedented disturbance of the financial sector."

</doc>
<doc id="19950329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950329" title="Southeastern Greyhound Lines">
Southeastern Greyhound Lines

The Southeastern Greyhound Lines (called also Southeastern, SEG, SEGL, or the SEG Lines), a highway-coach carrier, was a Greyhound regional operating company, based in Lexington, Kentucky, USA, from 1931 until 1960, when it became merged with the Atlantic Greyhound Lines, a neighboring operating company, thereby forming the Southern Division of The Greyhound Corporation (the parent Greyhound firm), called also the Southern Greyhound Lines.
Origin.
The Southeastern Greyhound Lines (GL) started in 1926 as the Consolidated Coach Corporation (called also Consolidated, CCC, or the CCC Lines) – with the participation of Guy Alexander Huguelet, a native of Charleston, South Carolina, and a lawyer of German and French-Swiss descent, who from the outset served variously as the legal counsel, the general manager, the vice president, and (mostly) the president. had begun his career in transportation by working (for six years, starting at age 15) in several clerical jobs for two railroad companies (at different times), the Southern Railway System and the Atlantic Coast Line, in and around Charleston and in Charlotte, North Carolina.
In 1926, the same year in which Guy Huguelet and his associates in Lexington formed the Consolidated Coach Corporation, Carl Eric Wickman, Orville Swan Caesar, and their associates in Duluth, Minnesota, formed the Motor Transit Corporation, which in 1929 was renamed as The Greyhound Corporation.
Consolidated, as the name suggests, began as a result of the acquisition and combination (that is, consolidation) of a number of pre-existing small bus companies which extended more-or-less radially on routes reaching outward from Lexington throughout the Bluegrass State – to Frankfort and Louisville (and later onward to Owensboro and Henderson and to Evansville in Indiana), Carrollton, Madison (in Indiana), Cincinnati (in Ohio), Maysville, Ashland (and onward for a while to Huntington in West Virginia), Paintsville, Pikeville, Hazard, Harlan, Danville, Richmond, Berea, London, Corbin (and later beyond to Knoxville in Tennessee via Williamsburg in Kentucky and LaFollette in Tennessee), Middlesboro (and later onward to Knoxville on an alternate route via Tazewell and Maynardville, all three in Tennessee), Somerset (and later onward to Chattanooga via Oneida and Dayton while bypassing Knoxville, all four in Tennessee), Bardstown, Columbia, Glasgow, Scottsville, Burkesville, Tompkinsville, Paducah (for a while), and Bowling Green (and in 1927 onward to Nashville in Tennessee).
Development.
Consolidated spread farther to the south and southeast by buying even more existing bus operations, including in 1930 the Union Transfer Company (UTC), which had begun in -24 in the Volunteer State. Union, based in Nashville, Tennessee, provided the CCC Lines with the routes connecting Nashville with Knoxville, Chattanooga, Hopkinsville (in Kentucky), and Florence and Birmingham (both in Alabama), plus a link between Knoxville and Chattanooga (both in East Tennessee).
Among the other acquired bus properties were two related firms in Alabama – the Alabama Bus Company (running from Chattanooga in Tennessee through Birmingham and Montgomery to Mobile, the entire length of the "Heart of Dixie") and the Capital Coaches (running from Birmingham through Montgomery to Dothan), both bought also in 1930.
the previous year, 1929, the Old South Coach Lines came into existence to buy a short branch line (with a length of about 59 miles) between Birmingham and Tuscaloosa (both in Alabama) from the same Alabama Bus Company, then promptly extended about 93 more miles from Tuscaloosa to Meridian (in Mississippi); in the next year, 1930, Old South became bought by and merged into the Teche Lines (which in 1934 became renamed as the Teche Greyhound Lines), thus allowing Teche to complete its route between New Orleans (in Louisiana) and Birmingham.
After the CCC began running through Birmingham, it soon started a direct route between Birmingham and Atlanta (in Georgia) via Anniston (in Alabama) and Tallapoosa (in Georgia), as soon as that part of US highway 78 (US-78) became passable or operable.
The SEG Lines also developed extensive local suburban commuter services based in Atlanta, Birmingham, Louisville, and Nashville.
Relationship with Greyhound.
From an early date Consolidated operated in conjunction with Greyhound in a cooperative way (with through-ticketing of passengers, through-checking of their baggage, and coordinated connecting schedules, all of which provided advantage to each company along with convenience to their customers).
The CCC sought (among other carriers) the "Greyhound Lines "of Georgia"", a new and relatively small but significant operation, which by that time had become a single-line company (after initial growth and subsequent paring or pruning), on a route between Chattanooga (in Tennessee) and Jacksonville (in Florida) via Atlanta and Macon (both in Georgia), through the entire length of the Peach State. the name of the Greyhound Lines of Georgia, the words "of Georgia" were an integral part of the legal name of the corporate entity, not merely a descriptive phrase.
That regional Greyhound company in Georgia had started in 1928 as a subsidiary of the Motor Transit Corporation (MTC), the original Greyhound firm, although that subsidiary was then isolated from the rest of the Greyhound empire in that early time in the development of the company's route network – isolated except at its southern end in Jacksonville, which in 1931 the Atlantic Greyhound Lines (called also Atlantic or AGL), another operating company, also reached from the north and northeast along the East Coast.
The Greyhound Lines of Georgia was a result of the work of J.C. Steinmetz, whom the officers of the MTC had sent in 1927 to the Southeast to spearhead the growth of Greyhound in that direction and to provide Greyhound with a gateway for the important (that is, potentially lucrative and therefore profitable) passenger traffic between Florida and the populous Midwest.
The Greyhound Corporation renamed the Greyhound Lines of Georgia (running between Chattanooga and Jacksonville) as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines and in 1931 sold it to the Consolidated Coach Corporation, with which it made connections in Atlanta and Chattanooga. Consolidated then began operating the SEG Lines along the route between Chattanooga and Jacksonville, thereby making connections (in Jacksonville and Lake City) for various points throughout the Sunshine State via the Florida Motor Lines (FML), which in -46 became renamed as the Florida Greyhound Lines (FGL) and which in 1957 became merged into the Southeastern GL.
Consolidated also made connections in Dothan, Alabama, with the Union Bus Company (not to be confused with the Union Transfer Company based in Nashville), which former Union firm in turn made connections in Tallahassee, Lake City, and Jacksonville with the Florida Motor Lines for points along the Gulf Coast and elsewhere in Florida.
Thus Consolidated connected the Florida market with Greyhound in the Midwest – in Birmingham (and onward to Memphis, Tulsa, Oklahoma City, and beyond), in Evansville (and onward to Saint Louis, Kansas City, Omaha, Denver, and beyond), in Louisville (and onward to Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, South Bend, Chicago, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and beyond), and in Cincinnati (and onward to Dayton, Toledo, Detroit, Columbus, Cleveland, Akron, Youngstown, and beyond).
A maverick Greyhound affiliate.
Through the purchase of the SEGL (in 1931), Consolidated acquired the right to use the Greyhound dog trademark, the Greyhound color scheme (blue and white), and the Greyhound and Southeastern names.
Shortly afterward that same year, 1931, with the consent of The Greyhound Corporation, Consolidated began using the name of the Southeastern Greyhound Lines as a brand name, trade name, or service name for its entire operation (not just between Chattanooga and Jacksonville but rather throughout its entire system) and began placing the Greyhound dog, the Greyhound name, and the Greyhound color scheme on all its coaches, and all the drivers and other workers began wearing Greyhound uniforms – even though the legal name of the company continued (albeit temporarily) as the Consolidated Coach Corporation. For that reason (between 1931 and 1936) the coaches bore the names of both Greyhound (in large lettering) and Consolidated (in small sublettering).
In 1936, however, the Consolidated Coach Corporation became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, Inc. The home office remained in Lexington, and the employees continued as before.
Thus Southeastern became a maverick or atypical Greyhound company, one of only two major affiliates which sometimes have been called the non-Greyhound Greyhound companies.
other was the Overland GL, based in Omaha, Nebraska, which had begun as two related carriers – the Union Pacific (UP) Stages, a highway-coach subsidiary of the Union Pacific (UP) Railroad (also based in Omaha), and the Interstate Transit Lines, another such subsidiary jointly owned by the UP Railroad and the Chicago and North Western (C&NW) Railway.
In 1938 the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, Inc., became listed for trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the "big board"), as not only the first corporation based in Lexington thus listed but also the first bus-operating company anywhere. The Greyhound Corporation had previously (in 1935) become listed on the big board, that parent firm did not then operate buses at all, for it was still merely a holding company rather than an operating company, while at first the subsidiaries and affiliates conducted the operations.
The SEGL remained under separate ownership (that is, SEG was an independent corporation under independent ownership, not a division or subsidiary of The Greyhound Corporation) until the end of 1950.
subtle but significant consequence of the independent status was that the coaches of those two independent companies bore the full names of the Overland Greyhound Lines and the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, whereas, starting about 1935, the coaches of all the captive Greyhound divisions and subsidiaries bore the collective or abbreviated name of the "Greyhound Lines".
Southeastern about 1944 introduced one clever twist along with its use of the Greyhound dog (especially as applied to the sides of the coaches), possibly in part a response to the "Battle of Britain" target-like symbol used (during World War II) with the dogs on the sides of the coaches belonging to the divisions and the subsidiaries of the parent Greyhound firm. The SEGL superimposed the dog onto a compass rose in a way which emphasized the letters SE (for southeast). That usage continued until the GM Silversides PD-3751 coaches began to arrive (late in 1947) with the standard dogs without the compass roses, and until the last of the 1948 ACF-Brill IC-41 parlor coaches and the last of the 1949 ACF-Brill C-44 suburban coaches arrived with their dogs with the roses on the sides, and until the last of the ACF and ACF-Brill coaches with the compass roses later in due course became repainted without the roses.
A sharing arrangement.
The Southeastern GL cooperated in an unusual arrangement on its scheduled trips between Nashville and Knoxville with another carrier, the Tennessee Coach Company (TCC), which was then an independent firm based in Knoxville, and which had begun in 1928.
The State of Tennessee in 1929 issued a joint certificate (of public necessity and convenience) to the TCC and the Union Transfer Company (a predecessor of the Consolidated Coach Corporation and the Southeastern GL) for service between Nashville and Knoxville via Murfreesboro, Woodbury, McMinnville, Sparta, Crossville, Rockwood, and Kingston along US-70 (later redesignated in part as -70S).
The two carriers – the TCC and the UTC (later the CCC, even later the SEGL) – shared their joint certificate in an unusual way: One carrier ran in one direction on any given scheduled trip, and the other carrier ran in that direction on that same sked the next day, and vice versa. That is, they ran in opposite directions, and they changed directions each day.
That plan continued until 1956, when the TCC joined the Trailways trade association (then named as the National Trailways Bus System). With the approval of the federal Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC), Southeastern took over five of the nine daily skeds in each direction, and the TCC took over the other four skeds each way. [The TCC also started one daily trip each way between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70N via Lebanon, Carthage, Cookeville, and Crossville, joining the Continental Tennessee Lines, another Trailways member company, on that parallel alternate route.
More acquisitions.
Through the years the CCC and the SEGL bought a number of routes and a number of other smaller companies.
The Hood Coach Lines in November 1934 sold three significant routes to the Consolidated Coach Corporation and the Union Bus Company (acting jointly) – one route between Atlanta and Macon and one between Macon and Jacksonville via Waycross (in Georgia), both going to Consolidated (which in 1936 became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines) – plus a third route, between Macon and Savannah (both in Georgia), going to Union (which in 1941 was acquried by and merged into the Southeastern GL) – thereby providing to Consolidated and Union (and therefore later to Greyhound) not only a new route between Macon and Savannah and a parallel alternate route between Atlanta and Macon but also a quicker alternate route between Macon and Jacksonville (about 50 miles shorter than the older route via Valdosta in Georgia and Lake City in Florida). 
In 1941 the Southeastern GL acquired additional important and strategic routes by buying two more existing firms in the Deep South – the Dixie Coaches (running from Florence to Mobile via Birmingham and via Tuscaloosa, all four in Alabama) and the Union Bus Company (running from Macon to Savannah and from Jacksonville in Florida to Dothan in Alabama via Lake City, Tallahassee, and Marianna, all three in Florida).
SEG and Union had become closely affiliated with each other shortly after the routes of the two firms began to intersect in Jacksonville, Lake City, and Dothan – to the extent that the UBC coaches began to appear in the SEG livery, including the dogs, with the names of both the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (in large lettering) and the Union Bus Company (in small sublettering) – and to the extent that the UBC began to operate coaches which SEG provided to the UBC (even new ACF coaches which SEG had bought specifically for the UBC).
Hamilton, the former owner of the Dixie Coaches, became the district manager of the SEGL in Tuscaloosa; Clifford (C.G.) Schulz, the former owner of the Union Bus Company, became a vice president and a director of Southeastern and long continued as such (and eventually became the single largest shareholder in SEG) and in 1950 became a director of The Greyhound Corporation (in anticipation of the purchase of Southeastern by the parent Greyhound firm).
Another major acquisition took place late in the life of Southeastern: In 1949 SEG bought the Alaga Coach Lines, which had run between Columbus (in Georgia) and Panama City (in Florida) via Dothan (in Alabama). SEG allowed Alaga to continue operating separately as a wholly owned subsidiary of the SEG Lines until the end of 1950, when Alaga became merged into SEG. is an acronym for the abbreviations of the names of Alabama and Georgia.
Purchase by The Greyhound Corporation.
On the last day of 1950 the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, Inc., ceased to be an independent entity with its own separate corporate existence, and on the next day (the first day of -51) Southeastern GL became a division of The Greyhound Corporation, the parent Greyhound firm, after the latter acquired not merely a controlling interest but rather 100 percent of the shares of the capital stock outstanding in the former.
By that time the SEG Lines met the Atlantic GL to the east, the Florida GL to the southeast, the Teche GL to the southwest, the Dixie GL to the west, and the Capitol GL, the Central GL, the Great Lakes GL, and the Pennsylvania GL to the north.
Pool (interline) operations.
The SEG Lines took part in major interlined through-routes (using pooled equipment in cooperation with other Greyhound companies) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more Greyhound regional operating companies – including those between Chicago and Birmingham, Chicago and Mobile, Chicago and Atlanta, Chicago and Miami, Chicago and Saint Petersburg, Detroit and Nashville, Detroit and Birmingham, Detroit and Mobile, Detroit and New Orleans, Detroit and Atlanta, Detroit and Miami, Detroit and Saint Petersburg, Cleveland and Memphis, Cleveland and New Orleans, Cleveland and Atlanta, Cleveland and Miami, Cleveland and Saint Petersburg, Toronto and Miami, Toronto and Saint Petersburg, Saint Louis and Nashville, Saint Louis and Miami, Dallas and Knoxville, Dallas and Atlanta, Memphis and Norfolk, Memphis and Washington, DC, and Memphis and New York City.
Mergers into Southeastern GL.
In October 1954 The Greyhound Corporation merged two other divisions, two neighboring regional operating companies, the Teche GL (Teche or TGL) and the Dixie GL (Dixie or DGL), into the Southeastern GL. The three fleets of the three divisions became combined into a single fleet.
Teche had been based in New Orleans, Louisiana; it ran from New Orleans to Natchez (in Mississippi), through Hammond (in Louisiana) to Jackson (in Mississippi and on the way to Memphis, Saint Louis, and Chicago), through Hattiesburg and Meridian (both in Mississippi) to Birmingham (in Alabama), through Mobile and Montgomery (both in Alabama) and Columbus to Atlanta (both in Georgia), through Mobile to Marianna (in Florida and on the way to Tallahassee and the rest of the Sunshine State), and westward through Baton Rouge and Lafayette to Lake Charles (all three in Louisiana and on the way to Houston, the rest of Texas, and the rest of the West), plus along several regional and feeder routes in the southern part of the Pelican State. The TGL met the Dixie GL to the north, the Southwestern GL to the west, and the Atlantic GL and the Southeastern GL to the east.
Dixie had been based in Memphis, Tennessee; it ran from Memphis to Saint Louis (in Missouri), Paducah (in Kentucky), Evansville (in Indiana), Nashville and Chattanooga (both in Tennessee), Columbus (in Mississippi), Florence and Birmingham (both in Alabama), Jackson and Vicksburg (both in Mississippi and on the way to New Orleans), and Springfield and Effingham (both in Illinois and on the way to Chicago), plus along branch lines to Jonesboro (in Arkansas) and in West Tennessee. The DGL in 1931 had completed a Greyhound through-route between Chicago and New Orleans, by connecting with other regional companies to the north and to the south. The DGL met the Southeastern GL to the east, the Teche GL to the south, the Southwestern GL to the west, and the Capitol GL, the Central GL, the Great Lakes GL, and the Pennsylvania GL to the north. 
After that merger the newly expanded SEG Lines served 12 states along 13,227 route-miles of highways – from Cincinnati, Saint Louis, Memphis, Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and Lake Charles – to Savannah and Jacksonville – from the Ohio River to the Gulf of Mexico and from the Mississippi River to the Atlantic Ocean.
In October 1957 The Greyhound Corporation merged also the Florida Greyhound Lines (FGL), one more neighboring operating company, into the Southeastern GL.
The Florida GL had been based in Jacksonville, Florida; it ran throughout the Sunshine State – from Jacksonville, Lake City, and Tallahassee – through Orlando, Tampa, and Saint Petersburg – to Miami and Key West – especially along the East Coast between Jacksonville and Miami via Saint Augustine, Daytona Beach, Titusville, Melbourne, Vero Beach, Fort Pierce, Stuart, West Palm Beach, and Fort Lauderdale – including local suburban commuter service from Miami to Fort Lauderdale and to Homestead (near the tip of the mainland on the Dixie Highway, US-1, on the way to Key West via the Overseas Highway. The FGL met the Atlantic GL and the Southeastern GL to the north.
Seeing-eye (or sightseeing) dogs.
In 1957, as the second version of the GM PD-4104 replaced and displaced the ACF-Brill IC-41 coaches of the Southeastern GL, Greyhound moved the retired IC-41s to a storage lot at the Greyhound shop on New York Avenue NE in Washington, DC.
As the next tourist season approached in Washington, the management of the new DC Transit System, which in 1956 had replaced the Capital Transit Company, felt a need to acquire more coaches (as inexpensively as possible) for its charter and sightseeing operations (in addition to its basic city-transit function), partly in anticipation of expanding its tour and charter activities (by competing more aggressively against its rivals).
Thus the managers of the DC Transit System approached Greyhound, carefully selected 10 copies of the 1948 (that is, the youngest) version of the IC-41 parlor coach and bought them (for a total of only $8,000), repainted and refurbished them somewhat in one of its own shops, and put them back to work.
Some of those cars continued to operate in and around Washington well into the 1960s, thereby running almost as many years as they had for the SEG Lines, although not nearly as many miles as before.
Merger with Atlantic GL.
In November 1960, in another round of consolidation, Greyhound further merged the Southeastern GL with – not into but rather "with" – the Atlantic GL (called also Atlantic or AGL), yet another neighboring regional company – thereby forming the third of four huge new divisions, the Southern Division of The Greyhound Corporation (called also the Southern GL), which reached as far to the north as Springfield and Effingham (both in Illinois), Columbus (in Ohio), Pittsburgh (in Pennsylvania), and Washington (in DC, the District of Columbia), as far to the east as the Atlantic Ocean, as far to the south as Miami and Key West, and as far to the west as Cincinnati, Saint Louis, Memphis, Vicksburg, Natchez, Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and Lake Charles.
Thus ended the Southeastern GL and the Atlantic GL, and thus began the Southern GL.
The Atlantic GL had been based in Charleston, West Virginia; it ran from Charleston throughout the Mountain State, to Cincinnati and Columbus (both in Ohio), Pittsburgh, Washington, through Virginia and the Carolinas, and to Knoxville (in Tennessee), Atlanta, Augusta, and Savannah (all three in Georgia), and Jacksonville (in Florida). The AGL met the new Eastern GL to the north, the new Central GL to the northwest, and the Southeastern GL to the west and the south – along with the Richmond GL in Washington and in Norfolk and Richmond (both in Virginia). The AGL also ran extensive local suburban commuter service based in its hometown of Charleston, in Portsmouth (in Ohio), Winston-Salem (in North Carolina), Sumter (in South Carolina), and (in conjunction with the Queen City Coach Company, called also the Queen City Trailways) in Charlotte (in North Carolina).
Beyond Southeastern GL.
Later (about 1966) The Greyhound Corporation reorganized again, into just two humongous divisions, named as the Greyhound Lines East (GLE) and the Greyhound Lines West (GLW); even later (about 1970) it eliminated those two divisions, thereby leaving a single gargantuan undivided nationwide fleet.
When the Southern GL came into existence, the headquarters functions became gradually transferred from Lexington, Kentucky, and Charleston, West Virginia, to Atlanta, Georgia; when the GLE arose, many of those administrative functions became shifted to Cleveland, Ohio; later yet those functions migrated to Chicago, Illinois, then to Phoenix, Arizona – when (in 1971) The Greyhound Corporation moved its corporate headquarters from Chicago to a new building in Phoenix.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation (the original umbrella Greyhound firm), which had become widely diversified far beyond passenger transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business) to a new company, named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., also called GLI, based in Dallas, Texas – a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., also called TWI, also based in Dallas), which was by far the largest member company in the Trailways trade association (then named as the National Trailways Bus System, now as the Trailways Transportation System).
Later in 1987 the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought also the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI.
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey (as the chief executive officer) after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives while continuing to reduce its level of service – by hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states – and by doing so on fewer days – that is, increasingly operating some trips less often than every day (fewer than seven days per week) – and by using fewer through-coaches, thus requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
After the sale to the GLI, The Greyhound Corporation changed its name to the Greyhound-Dial Corporation, then the Dial Corporation, then the Viad Corporation. contrived name Viad appears to be a curious respelling of the former name Dial – if one scrambles the letters D, I, and A, then turns the V upside down and regards it as the Greek letter lambda – Λ – that is, the Greek equivalent of the Roman or Latin letter L.
The website of the Viad Corporation (http://www.viad.com) in September 2008 makes no mention of its corporate history or its past relationship to Greyhound – that is, its origin as The Greyhound Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="19950341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950341" title="List of Chinese composers">
List of Chinese composers

List of Chinese composers by surname:

</doc>
<doc id="19950344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950344" title="Shelland">
Shelland

Shelland is a small village located just off the A14, 4 miles west of Stowmarket in Suffolk, England.
Shelland consists of roughly 10 houses, a church and Shelland Green. At the 2001 census the village had a population of 39.
Shelland Church is unique in that it is the only church in the UK with a regularly used barrel organ. It is also one of only five dedicated to "King Charles the Martyr" (Charles I).
Shelland's name is unique and derives from "Shelf land" as it is situated on a "shelf" that overlooks the village of Buxhall.

</doc>
<doc id="19950384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950384" title="Akraba">
Akraba

Akraba (variants: Aqrab, Aqraba, Agrab or Aqrabiyah) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19950405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950405" title="Central Studio for Documentary Film">
Central Studio for Documentary Film

Central Studio for Documentary Film or CSDF () is a Soviet/Russian film studio. It was the largest Soviet newsreel and documentary cinematography studio. Headquartered in Moscow, USSR. Currently known as Russian Central Studio for Documentary Film.
History.
Studio traced its history from 1927, when a special newsreel division of Sovkino was formed.
In 1931 it was reorganized into All-Union Newsreel Factory - Soyuzkinochronicle
Since 1936 known as Moscow Newsreel Studio and since 1940 as Central Newsreel Studio. In 1944 known under its current name - Central Studio for Documentary Film.
In USSR, CSDF was responsible for some newsreel series, like:
In 1944 — 1946 Studio Director was Sergei Gerasimov.
Studio produced a number of documentary films about the second world war, including Moscow Strikes Back, winner of the 1942 Academy Award for Best Documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="19950409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950409" title="Gorgeous Guy">
Gorgeous Guy

The Gorgeous Guy was the name given to a man whose photo appeared on an internet message board, with various posts describing his life. The photo was of Dan Baca, and it was later revealed to be an elaborate hoax, set up by Baca himself.
Gorgeous Guy.
In May 2001, Dan Baca, a 29-year-old computer network engineer began to notice people were staring at him as he waited for his bus. Some people would start conversations with him, and then some people started taking photos of him. They appeared to be familiar with his routine, what clothes he wore, and what color his bag was. He was eventually told that his photo had been posted to an internet message board, "Craigslist", on May 11, and there were numerous comments written about him. The thread, entitled "Gorgeous Guy @ 4th and Market at the MUNI/Amtrak Bus Stop (Mon-Fri)" became the most popular in the "missed connections" section. The picture's caption read "Gorgeous Guy", and the anonymous poster wanted to know who he was, and if they could meet up with him. Various posts that followed discussed various aspects of Baca's personal life, such as his facial features, his marital status, and his sexuality. They also discussed his schedule and who was going to date him. Baca eventually posted a message, asking people to stop talking to him and about him, but doing so caused more problems, and Baca had to resort to other forms of transport to get to work.
Media attention.
The story came to the media's attention when David Cassel, a freelance journalist was tipped off about the story by Mat Honan, a freelance writer from San Francisco. Cassel published an article in the "San Francisco Bay Guardian" on May 30, keeping Baca's name confidential. Following this, "CNN" and "USA Today" both published articles, including his real name. Various other news outlets also contacted him. Despite Baca's original plea for privacy, he intended to take the chance to make the most of his fame; he expressed interest in becoming a model, actor, or becoming involved in charity work.
Hoax.
On July 11, 2001, Baca revealed that the whole thing was a hoax. He was said to have made over 50 posts using various email addresses on "Craigslist", pretending to be other people. He also explained that he made up most of the stories about people recognizing him in the street. Baca apparently had no motive for the hoax, claiming he was just "playing around".

</doc>
<doc id="19950410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950410" title="You'll Be Mine">
You'll Be Mine

You'll Be Mine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19950428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950428" title="ELinks">
ELinks

ELinks is a free text-based console web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
It began in late 2001 as an Experimental fork by Petr Baudiš of the Links Web browser, hence the name. Since then, the "E" has come to stand for Enhanced or Extended, and on 1 September 2004, Petr Baudiš handed maintainership of the project over to Danish developer Jonas Fonseca, citing a lack of time and interest and a desire to spend more time coding rather than reviewing and organising releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19950441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950441" title="The End (TV series)">
The End (TV series)

The End (first broadcast September 1993) is an adult comedy television strand on Network Two/RTÉ Two in the Republic of Ireland.
"The End" was aired on Friday and Saturday night from 11pm to 2am. RTÉ used this show to test the audience appetite for late night TV. "The End" was presented by Barry Murphy on Friday nights and by Sean Moncrieff on Saturday nights. "The End" had a cult following of "drunks and teenagers" who would often ring into the show leaving bizarre late night messages for the presenters. Sean Moncrieff would be joined by a puppet called Septic in later seasons.
Barry Murphy would use "The End" to launch many of his Apres Match characters such as Frank Stapleton.
Sean Moncrieff would get a new chat show on RTE One called "Good Grief Moncrieff", however this wasn't a success due in part to the conservative and mainstream RTE One audience. Later he would go on to present the RTE Two series "Don't Feed the Gondolas".
Format.
Barry Murphy presented Friday Nights with a mix of his surreal comedy and introductions to the classic BBC comedy series "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin" and the US sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun".
Sean Moncrieff presented Saturday Nights with a mix of interviews and introductions to classic BBC comedy series "Fawlty Towers" and "Yes, Minister".
Colin Murnane who had moved on from RTE young people's JMTV and Plastic Orange, appeared on both nights as a reporter.
History.
"The End" would help to launch the careers of its two presenters, Sean Moncrieff now hosts his own daytime radio show on Newstalk, while Barry Murphy continues to be a very successful Irish comedian, while also starring in and writing Apres Match for RTE Sport.
The End's reporter Colin Murnane had appeared first on RTE's youth show JMTV moved to London to present for TCC, BBC, Sky1 and others, and to forge a career as one of the most successful Irish voice-overs in Soho.
It would also begin RTÉ's 24 hour services, up to this point both RTÉ One and Two aired until about midnight each night. The Network Two "Night Shift" strand would untimately take over from "The End". "Night Shift" would use the catch phrace "2 until 2" noting that Network Two would be on the air until 2am. Each night would have a specific theme, Sci-Fi on Mondays with shows like , Crime on Tuesdays with shows like "Millennium" and Profiler etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19950468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950468" title="Sella, Greece">
Sella, Greece

Sella () is a village in the municipal unit of Rio, Achaea, Greece. It is located in the northern foothills of the Panachaiko, at 500 m above sea level. The river Volinaios flows east and north of the village. It is 2 km east of Argyra and 9 km east of Rio. As of 2001, it had a population of 388. 

</doc>
<doc id="19950469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950469" title="Alistair Cooke's America">
Alistair Cooke's America

"Alistair Cooke's America" is a follow-up book to Alistair Cooke's 13-part television documentary series "". The book sold almost two million copies. It was published by Alfred A. Knopf in New York, 1973. The book has 11 chapters, and 393 pages filled with stories of the American Founding Fathers and their journey to build America as we see it today. The book has many full page spreads of paintings and photography ranging from the 18th century to the 1970s. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1182307,00.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19950479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950479" title="KB8">
KB8

KB8 may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="19950511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950511" title="Anita Meyer">
Anita Meyer

Anita Meyer ("Annita Meijer"), born in Rotterdam 29 October 1954, is a Dutch singer. One of her most notable songs is "Why Tell Me Why" that charted for 14 weeks and topped the Dutch singles list for six weeks in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19950520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950520" title="Dick Wombwell">
Dick Wombwell

Richard "Dick" Wombwell (July 1877 – July 1943) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire. He played for Bulwell, Ilkeston Town, Derby County, Bristol City, Manchester United, Heart of Midlothian, Brighton & Hove Albion, Blackburn Rovers and Ilkeston United. The highlight of his career came at Brighton when he scored the winning goal in a famous giant killing of Preston North End in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="19950522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950522" title="Fabián Rinaudo">
Fabián Rinaudo

Fabián Andrés Rinaudo (born 15 May 1987 in Armstrong, Santa Fe) is an Argentinian football midfielder currently playing for Calcio Catania, on loan from Sporting Clube de Portugal. Rinaudo also holds an Italian passport, and plays with his nickname, "Fito", on his shirt.
Playing career.
Club career.
Gimnasia La Plata.
He made his league debut for Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata in a 0–0 draw against River Plate on 5 October 2008. In the 2009-10 season he was awarded the prize for best player in the Torneo Apertura and second-best for the Torneo Clausura. He played 100 games for Gimnasia, his last one being a 1–1 draw against San Martín de San Juan, result that relegated Gimnasia to the Primera B Nacional.
Sporting Clube de Portugal.
On 3 July 2011, Fito Rinaudo joined Portuguese giants Sporting Clube de Portugal, signing a four-year contract with a €25M minimum fee release clause. Sporting signed him in a leverage deal as the club later sold 15% economic rights to Sporting Portugal Fund and another 50% to Quality Sports Investments. The club retained 35% economic rights on future transfer fee.
Calcio Catania (loan).
On 10 January 2014 he was loaned to Calcio Catania. 
International.
On 20 May 2009 Rinaudo made his international debut in a friendly match against Panama. The Argentine team, made up of players based in the Primera División Argentina won the game 3–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19950523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950523" title="Carolyn Carlson">
Carolyn Carlson

Carolyn Carlson (born 1943) is an American contemporary dance choreographer, performer, and poet. She is of Finnish descent.
She is the director of the "Centre Chorégraphique National" in Roubaix and of the "Atelier de Paris" at "La Cartoucherie de Vincennes" in Paris.
She was awarded the title of "Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres" of the French Republic.
Career.
She initially studied dance at the San Francisco School of Ballet and at Utah University. In 1965 she joined the Alwin Nikolaïs dance company in New York becoming an outstanding dancer of the company.
In 1968 she won the International Dance Festival in Paris as Best Dancer (Meilleur Danseur).
In 1971 she joined the Anne Béranger dance company and in 1972 she presented "Rituel pour un rêve mort" at the Avignon Festival. Successively she was invited to join the London School of Contemporary Dance as an instructor, performer and choreographer.
In 1974 she met Rolf Liebermann and was invited to join the "Opéra de Paris" as a choreographer.
In 1975 she directed the "Groupe de Recherches Théâtrales" (GRTOP). Creations of this period include "Density 21,5" ; "The Architects" ; "This, that and the other"; "Slow, heavy and blue". Beginning 1974 she taught her improvisation and composition techniques in masterclasses held at the rotonde of the Opéra.
In 1980 she was at the 'Teatro la Fenice' in Venice. Works of this period include "Undici Onde"; "Underwood"; "Blue Lady".
In 1985 she was back in Paris where she performed at the 'Théâtre de la Ville' presenting "Dark" ; "Still Waters" and other works.
In 1991–1992 she was in Finland ("Elokuu" ; "Syyskuu" ; "Maa"). She also directed the Cullberg Ballet of Stockholm for two years ("Sub Rosa").
She presented several solo choreographies such as "Blue Lady" (1984), "Vu d’ici" (1995). Other works include choreographies for dancers such as Nina Hyvärinen, Talia Paz, Marie-Claude Pietragalla, Tero Saarinen.
In 1998, she won the Prix Benois de la Danse as choreographer.
She was the director of the Dance sector of the Venice "Biennale" (Biennale Danza - Venice, Italy) from 1999 to 2002. Works there include "Parabola" (1999), "Light Bringers" (2000), "J. Beuys Song" (2001), "Writings on water" (2002). In Venice she opened the contemporary dance academy "Accademia Isola Danza" and created a festival.
She has performed in improvisations with artists such as Larrio Ekson, Jorma Uotinen, Malou Airaudo, and with musicians such as Michel Portal, John Surman, René Aubry, Joachim Kuhn, Trilok Gurtu.
She creates repertory pieces for Opéra de Paris ("Signes"), Opéra de Bordeaux ("Hydrogen Jukebox").

</doc>
<doc id="19950528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950528" title="Jason Bulmahn">
Jason Bulmahn

Jason Bulmahn is a game designer who has written or contributed to several works.
Career.
Jason Bulmahn coordinated the world's largest organized play "D&D" campaign for the RPGA (Living Greyhawk), and then joined Paizo Publishing as the managing editor of "Dragon" in 2004. In 2007, Bulmahn took over as lead designer of Paizo Publishing, LLC. Within two months of Wizards of the Coast's August 2007 announcement of "D&D" fourth edition, Bulmahn began working on a new edition of the d20 system that updated and polished the rules, and that he referred to as "a small side project". When Paizo decided not to wait any longer to see how Wizards of the Coast would allow third-party publishers to support their new game, Paizo turned Bulmahn's side project into a complete RPG to give them their own set of core rules for the d20 game system; Paizo thus announced the "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game" on March 18, 2008. Bulmahn became the lead designer of the "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game".
The Beta version of the "Pathfinder RPG" received the gold ENnie award for "best free product or web enhancement" in 2008. He has also written or contributed to "Pathfinder" books such as "Carnival of Tears", as well as "Dragon" and "Dungeon" articles and books such as "Secrets of Xen'drik", "Expedition to the Ruins of Greyhawk", "Dungeonscape", and "Elder Evils".
His RPG design credits include the "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game" Core Rulebook, Bestiary, Ultimate Guides, the Advanced Player's Guide, the Beginner Box, and this year's Mythic Adventures. His work has earned one Origins Award and numerous ENnie Awards, including Best Game and Product of the Year for that past three years in a row.
He is the publisher of Minotaur Games, a company dedicated to creating products compatible with the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game.

</doc>
<doc id="19950535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950535" title="Lectionary 1681">
Lectionary 1681

Lectionary 1681, or ℓ "1681" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves, dated paleographically to the 15th century. 
Description.
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, written on 186 paper leaves (21.5 cm by 15 cm), in 1 column per page, 26-28 lines per page. The codex contains some Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). The initial letters in red. It contains the decorated headpieces, hypothesis, and some notes on the margin.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 12) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19950549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950549" title="Devi (TV series)">
Devi (TV series)

Devi is a Hindi-language television series that premiered on Indian television network Sony TV in 2003. This was the first television series that was produced by popular Bollywood actor Ajay Devgan's production house known as 'Devgan Software'. The series aired every Friday at 9pm IST, and is currently being repeated on SET India.
Plot.
Gayatri is an orphaned girl who lives with her uncle, and cruel aunt.she is an ardent devotee of goddess jagdamba or Durga. Gayatri is persuaded to marry Vikram, who seems to be a nice man. However, his true nature is revealed when he and Gayatri are on a trip. Vikram unsuccessfully tries to murder Gayatri, such as releasing a snake near her.so he tells Gayatri that she can forgive his misdeeds and to clear his sins he takes her toVaishno Devi Mata,a famous Durga temple in Jammu&Kashmir.Gayatri does not know about his plans to kill her.however, she knows Vikram's plan when he tried to break fail the car. Vikram's wild plan doesn't succeed until he and Gayatri are on a trip to a hill, when suddenly Vikram throws Gayatri from the hill. Gayatri falls down from the hill and dies. Vikram is both happy and afraid. When Vikram returns home, something strange happens. He sees that Gayatri has returned home! Who is this woman then? Didn't Vikram kill Gayatri in the hill? Who is this woman?
Awards.
2003: Indian Telly Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19950555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950555" title="Francine Everett">
Francine Everett

Francine Everett (April 13, 1915 – May 27, 1999) was an African-American actress and singer who is best known for her performances in race films, independently-produced motion pictures with all-black casts that were created exclusively for distribution to cinemas that catered to African American audiences.
Early life.
Born as Franciene Williamson in Louisburg, North Carolina in 1915, her father, Noah, was a tailor. She married Booker Everett in 1933, aged 18. That marriage was dissolved and she later re-married to actor Rex Ingram. They divorced three years later in 1939. She studied and acted with the Federal Theater in Harlem, which was sponsored by the Works Progress Administration.
Career.
Among Everett's starring roles were the films "Paradise in Harlem" (1939), "Keep Punching" (1939) co-starring Canada Lee and Dooley Wilson, "Big Timers" (1945), which co-starred Moms Mabley and Stepin Fetchit, "Tall, Tan and Terrific" (1946) with Mantan Moreland and Dots Johnson, and "Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A." (1946), directed by Spencer Williams.
Everett appeared as a singer in more than 50 soundies, short musical films that were produced in the 1940s; her most notable soundie was "Ebony on Parade" (1947), which co-starred Dorothy Dandridge, Cab Calloway and the Count Basie band. She also worked as a model in print advertisements for clothing and cosmetics.
Hollywood.
Everett's association with Hollywood was brief and desultory. She first arrived in Hollywood in the mid-1930s with her husband, actor Rex Ingram, but refused to accept racially demeaning stereotypical roles. After starring in "Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A.", she had bit parts in two Hollywood films: "Lost Boundaries" (1949) and Sidney Poitier's first film, "No Way Out" (1950), before retiring from acting.
At the height of her career, Everett was dubbed “the most beautiful woman in Harlem” by columnist Billy Rowe in The Amsterdam News, a black-owned newspaper in New York City. Looking back at her career, filmmaker William Greaves commented: "She would have been a superstar in Hollywood were it not for the apartheid climate in America and the movie industry at the time."
Retirement.
After retiring from the entertainment industry, Everett took a clerical job at Harlem Hospital in New York. She retired from her hospital job in 1985, and in her later years she spoke about the race films at seminars sponsored by the International Agency for Minority Artist Affairs.
Everett died at a nursing home in The Bronx, New York, aged 84, on May 27, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19950558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950558" title="Lectionary 1682">
Lectionary 1682

Lectionary 1682, designated by symbol ℓ "1682" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves, dated paleographically to the 16th century. 
Description.
It is written in Greek cursive letters, on 131 leaves (27 by 14.5 cm), 1 column per page, 24 lines per page. 
The codex contains some Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with some lacunae. 
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 14) in Münster. 

</doc>
<doc id="19950563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950563" title="The Blood Stained Route Map">
The Blood Stained Route Map

The Blood Stained Route Map () is a 2004 North Korean film directed by Phyo Kwang. Set during the Goryeo period, the film tells the story of a family who fight together to protect the Dokdo islets (Liancourt Rocks) against Japanese invaders.
"The Blood Stained Route Map" received its South Korean premiere in 2005, where it was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival, held from 28 April–6 May. Hwang Kyun-min, coordinator of the section, regarded the screening as being "timely since the issue of is very controversial now." It later became the first North Korean film to be screened at the outdoor plaza in front of Seoul City Hall, when it was shown on 1 July 2005 as part of the build up to the Daejong Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19950573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950573" title="Dick Pegg">
Dick Pegg

Ernest "Dick" Pegg (July 1878 – 11 June 1916) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Leicester, East Midlands. He played for Leicester Fosse, Loughborough, Kettering Town, Reading, Preston North End, Manchester United, Fulham and Barnsley.

</doc>
<doc id="19950587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950587" title="Atba-i-Malak">
Atba-i-Malak

The Abta-i Malak "jamaat" (community) are a branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam that broke off from the mainstream Dawoodi Bohra after the death of the 46th Da'i al-Mutlaq, under the leadership of Abdul Hussain Jivaji. They have further split into two more branches, the Atba-e-Malak Badar and Atba-i-Malak Vakil.

</doc>
<doc id="19950597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950597" title="Alejandro Agustín Domenez">
Alejandro Agustín Domenez

Alejandro Agustín Domenez (born 25 February 1987 in Tandil) is an Argentine football Midfielder currently playing for Club Atlético Villa San Carlos.
Domenez made his league debut in a 3-1 defeat by Arsenal de Sarandí on 5 August 2006. In 2007 he was loaned to Almagro of the Argentine 2nd division. Since hisreturn to Gimnasia in 2008 he has failed to return to first team football.

</doc>
<doc id="19950621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950621" title="Thelpusa">
Thelpusa

Thelpusa or Thelpousa (, also Τέλφουσα - "Telphousa") was an ancient city-state in western Arcadia. The city was built on the left bank of the river Ladon. Its territory was bounded on the north by Psophis and on the east by Kleitor. The name comes from the nymph Thelpusa, daughter of Ladon. The city had a temple of Asclepius and a sanctuary of the twelve gods of the Olympus. Near Thelpusa there was a temple of Eleusinian Demeter, with a stone statue of the goddess, her daughter and Dionysus. When Pausanias visited Thelpusa it was abandoned and ruined for many years. In 352 BC, the town was first mentioned as the place of the defeat of the Lacedaemonians by the Spartans. It was a member of the Achaean League. Its ruins have been found near the village Vanaina, near Tropaia.

</doc>
<doc id="19950633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950633" title="Atba-e-Malak Badar">
Atba-e-Malak Badar

The Atba-i-Malak Badar are a branch of Atba-i-Malak Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam. They follow preachings of both Abdul Hussain Jivaji and Badruddin Ghulam Hussain Miya Khan Saheb. The current leader is Amiruddin Malak.

</doc>
<doc id="19950646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950646" title="Lectionary 1683">
Lectionary 1683

Lectionary 1683, designated by ℓ "1683" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves, dated paleographically to the 13th century. 
Description.
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 241 parchment leaves (29.5 by 22 cm), 2 columns per page, 26 lines per page. The codex contains some Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with some lacunae. It has breathings and accents.
The manuscript was digitalized by the CSNTM.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 15) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19950648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950648" title="Aspicilia">
Aspicilia

"Aspicilia" is a genus of lichenized fungi. Most of the species of this genus grow on calcareous and acidic rocks and most of the taxa prefer temperate and arctic habitats.
Description.
Members of this genus are weakly cracked to distinctly areolate, with a scattered to whole thalli. Some of the species of this genus are disc-shaped with plicate lobes at the circumference; these lobes may appear chalky white, grayish, greenish or brownish. Some possess vegetative means of propagation such as isidia (column-like structures of fungal and algal cells normally found on the top-side or outer cortex of the lichen) and soredia (structures that produce soralia, granule-like masses of intertwined fungal and algal cells occurring on top of the cortex and on the margins).
They have characteristic ascomata which are mostly immersed but occasionally emergent. They have 4 to 8 spored asci that are cylindrical to club-shaped. Their ascospores are typically ellipsoid to globose in shape, colorless and thin-walled. They often contain β-orcinol depsidones (secondary metabolites of lichens) such as norstictic and stictic acids; others have fatty acids or triterpenes. In genus "Aspicilia" dramatic changes in growth forms are very common, and some taxa may display extreme transitions within the same population or even changes within the same thallus.
Classification.
Previously placed in the family Hymeneliaceae, phylogenetic analyses indicate that the genus is better placed in the family Megasporaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19950655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950655" title="Atba-i-Malak Vakil">
Atba-i-Malak Vakil

The Atba-i-Malak Vakil are a branch of Atba-i-Malak Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam. They follow Abdul Qadir Ebrahimji, who they believe to be the true successor to Abdul Hussain Jivaji. Their current leader is Tayyebhai Razzak.

</doc>
<doc id="19950670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950670" title="Le Miroir à deux faces">
Le Miroir à deux faces

Le Miroir a deux faces (English title: "The Mirror Has Two Faces") is a 1958 French drama film directed by André Cayatte who co-wrote screenplay with Gérard Oury, Jean Meckert and Denis Perret. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Bourvil and Ivan Desny.
"The Mirror Has Two Faces" (1996) adapted by Richard LaGravenese, starring Barbra Streisand, is based on "Le Miroir à Deux Faces".
Synopsis.
Pierre Tardivet, a professor, marries Marie-José Vauzange, a sensitive and intelligent girl with bad looks. Tardivet's mean spirit soon appears in their marital life, plunging Marie-José in a monotonous life. Two children are born out this marriage. Tardivet suffers a car accident and he is tended by Dr. Bosc, a famous plastic surgeon. Bosc operates on Marie-José and her transformation is total. Tardivet's meannes exacerbates as he becomes embittered and hateful towards the new looks of his wife whom he does not consider his anymore. He kills Dr. Bosc at the time when Marie-José and her sister's husband, Gérard Durieu, want to elope and restart their lives. Aware of her duties, she renounces her happiness to tend to her husband and children.

</doc>
<doc id="19950681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950681" title="William Farquhar Payson">
William Farquhar Payson

William Farquhar Payson (1876-1939) was an American author. He was born in New York city, February 18, 1876, the son of Francis and Mary F. (Dabney) Payson and grandson of John Larkin and Frances (Lithgow) Payson, and of Charles Henry and Ellen M. (Jones) Dabney, and a descendant of Edward Payson (1614–1675). He received his preparatory education in England and in New York city; was a student at Columbia University, 1892–93, and in 1893 engaged in journalism. From 1893 to 1895, he was on the editorial staff of the "New York Times", and managing editor of "Vogue", 1895–97, after which he made his home in Bristol, Rhode Island, and gave his attention to literary work. He was married, October 27, 1897, to Mary F. King, daughter of Charles G. King of Providence, Rhode Island. He died in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19950693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950693" title="John Moody (footballer)">
John Moody (footballer)

John Moody (1 November 1904 – 23 April 1963) was an English football player. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. 
Moody was born in Heeley, Sheffield and first played in local football in the Sheffield Amateur League. He was signed by Herbert Chapman's Arsenal in August 1925 but was initially fourth-choice goalkeeper behind Jock Robson, Bill Harper and Dan Lewis. He didn't make his first team debut for nearly two years, it coming in a 3-2 defeat away to Bury on 4 May 1927. Moody went on to keep goal in the final match of 1926-27, a 4-0 North London derby win, and covered for Lewis the following season in four matches while the latter was injured; his final game was a 6-4 defeat at Sheffield United on 7 January 1928.
After just six games in three years at Arsenal, Moody moved to Bradford Park Avenue in the 1928 close season. He spent two years at Bradford before stints at Doncaster Rovers, Manchester United and finally Chesterfield, winning the Third Division North title in 1935-36.

</doc>
<doc id="19950700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950700" title="Abdul Hussain Jivaji">
Abdul Hussain Jivaji

Abdul Hussayn Jivaji (also known as Malak) was the founder of the Atba-i-Malak branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19950702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950702" title="City Schools of Decatur">
City Schools of Decatur

The Decatur City School District is a public school district in DeKalb County, Georgia, USA, based in Decatur, Georgia. It serves the city of Decatur.
City Schools of Decatur has a total enrollment of approximately 3,542 students and operates a total of eight schools—one Early Childhood Learning Center, four K-3 primary schools, one 4th/5th grade Academy, one middle school, and one high school. The Early Childhood Learning Center, opened August 2005, offers programs for Decatur children ages 0–4. The primary schools are located within residential neighborhoods throughout Decatur.
Over 70% of teachers hold advanced degrees, most have multiple years of classroom experience, and a number of them hold multiple certifications. The average years of experience among teachers across the district is 13 years. Students perform above the state and national averages on standardized tests at all grade levels. Each year City Schools of Decatur has ranked in the top ten districts in Georgia for SAT performance. Decatur High School has been named an AP Challenge and AP Merit school in Georgia.
In the 2010–2011 school year, all schools made adequate yearly progress.

</doc>
<doc id="19950717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950717" title="Badruddin Ghulam Hussain Miya Khan Saheb">
Badruddin Ghulam Hussain Miya Khan Saheb

Badruddin Ghulam Hussain Miya Khan Saheb was the founder of the Atba-e-Malak Badar branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19950728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950728" title="Tom Vanderbilt">
Tom Vanderbilt

Tom Vanderbilt (born 1968) is an American journalist, blogger, and author of the best-selling book, "Traffic: Why We Drive the Way We Do (and What It Says About Us)".
Career.
A freelancer, Vanderbilt has contributed articles on a broad range of subjects encompassing design, technology, science, and culture to such publications as "Slate", "Wired", "The London Review of Books", "Artforum", "The Financial Times", "Rolling Stone", "New York Times Magazine", "Harvard Design Magazine", "Cabinet", "Metropolis", "Design Observer", "The Wilson Quarterly", and "Popular Science". 
In 2002 he published his first full length book, "Survival City: Adventures Among the Ruins of Atomic America". "H-Net Reviews" said of the book, "Survival City offers an insightful exploration of the ruins of atomic America that demands attention in our current moment. In the poignant aftermath of September 11 the futility of Cold War architecture suggested throughout the book takes on new resonance."
After three years of research, in 2008 he released "Traffic" which, according to the publisher Knopf’s promotional material, had a first run printing of 150,000 copies and was a feature of the Book of the Month Club. The "Wall Street Journal" called "Traffic", “a fascinating survey of the oddities and etiquette of driving”. The "Boston Globe" wrote of the book's genesis: "He found no serious general books about but did find a mountain of research. So for three years he immersed himself in the subject, traveled around the world, interviewing drivers, researchers, and traffic engineers. With almost 90 pages of footnotes, the book is a bottomless compendium of research." Some of this research began by asking a question on the community weblog Ask Metafilter in 2005. While Vanderbilt found the responses useful, mentioning the site during a Boing Boing ingenuity lecture; he referred to the site's users as "overeducated and overopinionated geeks." His publisher, Knopf, neglected to request the right to reprint comments from the site from Metafilter's staff or from the quoted users.
He is a contributing editor to "I.D." and "Print", and a contributing writer for the blog "Design Observer". He is also a visiting scholar at New York University’s Rudin Center for Transportation Policy and Management.
Personal life.
Tom Vanderbilt was born in Oak Forest, Illinois and raised in Wisconsin. He now resides in Brooklyn, New York. He is married to Jancee Dunn, a former features writer for "Rolling Stone".
Vanderbilt was a contestant on the game show "Jeopardy!", appearing on an episode which aired on December 30, 2011.
Publications.
As contributor.
He has also contributed to a number of books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19950731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950731" title="Thyraion">
Thyraion

Thyraion (, ) was a city in Arcadia, ancient Greece. It was already ruined in the 2nd century AD, when it was visited by Pausanias. It was near Hypsous (present Stemnitsa), Zoetia and Paroria. Thyraion was founded by Thyraeus, a son of Lycaon. The location of Thyraion has been identified with that of the present village Pavlia, north of Megalopoli.

</doc>
<doc id="19950736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950736" title="William Robertson (Scottish footballer)">
William Robertson (Scottish footballer)

William Seymour Robertson (20 April 1907 - 1980) was a Scottish footballer who played at full back. He played for Third Lanark, Ayr United, Stoke City, Manchester United, and Reading.
Career.
Robertson was born in Falkirk and played for Third Lanark and Ayr United before joining English side Stoke City in August 1929. It took him until 1930–31 to establish himself in Tom Mather's first team playing in 23 matches. He made the right half position his own in 1931–32 missing just two matches and then played in 40 matches in 1932–33 as Stoke won the Second Division title. After playing in 11 Football League First Division games in 1933–34 Robertson lost his place to the younger Arthur Tutin and he was sold to Manchester United in March 1934. He helped the club avoid relegation to the Third Division North and played 39 matches in 1934–35 as the "Red Devils" finished in 5th place. He only played once in 1935–36 losing his place to James Brown and was sold to Third Division South side Reading. He spent two seasons at Elm Park making 24 appearances before retiring. 

</doc>
<doc id="19950743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950743" title="Abdul Qadir Ebrahimji">
Abdul Qadir Ebrahimji

Abdul Qadir Ebrahimji was the founder of the Atba-i-Malak Vakil branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19950756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950756" title="Tamayo (Dominican Republic)">
Tamayo (Dominican Republic)

Tamayo is a city and a municipality in the Baoruco province of the Dominican Republic.
Geographical context.
Tamayo is a small town filled with simple, fascinating people. Belonging to the province Baoruco, it is located on the eastern side of the Neyba valley, in the mountains of western Yaque del Sur River, which separates it from the municipality of Vicente Noble in the province of Barahona, south of San Juan de la Maguana and east of the Galván township.
Population.
The municipality of Tamayo has six municipal districts, which are Cabeza de Toro, Mena, Monserrate, Santa Barbara (Batey 6), Santana and Uvilla. Cabeza de Toro is Guanarate sections to the mangito and El Granado. Mena is composed of Mena Up, Down Mena, Los Robles, Mena Batey and Los Blocks of Mena.
Monserrate contains Santa Maria and Hato Nuevo, while Santana contains Bayahonda, Batey Santana, Los Conuquitos, San Ramon and Barranca. Barranca in turn contains both Vuelta Grande and Honduras. Uvilla also contains Jobo section.
According to a 2002 population census, the municipality has about 9895 inhabitants, of whom 6609 live in urban areas and 3286 in the rural areas.
History.
The land was first populated during the 18th century. The territory was unspoiled, whose flora and fauna caused the admiration of the first settlers who arrived from Cambronal. The newcomers started their Bohíos and began raising livestock in an enclosure which called Hatice (small pigsty of calves). This began Hatice (today Tamayo). Its first settlers were enterprising, but few of them could read and write.
The first families were: Manuel Medina and Menecita Reyes, Juan Rodriguez and Remedy Salome Mateo, Simon Altagracia Medina and Reyes Brito and Pedro Brito.
Many of these families come from the existing inhabitants of the place. They soon built the first canal to irrigate land (Hatice), the Palmar, The Figs, UC and Monserrate.
In 1908, with the arrival of a large cyclone, the river Yaque del Sur rose and flooded the land of Hatice, destroying this town. It was the largest flood that was covered in the news. The animals were drowned up above the trees, and four goats that were saved were used to feed children until they reached San Juan de la Maguana and Cercado with food to help the victims.
The houses were traditional Hatice Tejamaní. The first wooden house built by the general Joaquin Campos and the second house was Mrs. Maria Antonia Gomez. They also built the first school, which the teacher was Maria Antonia Gomez, the first teacher of the town. The Lyceum of the town today bears his name.
Trujillo Palmar Jam Duverger attached the town to the province of Baoruco on March 10, 1943. Since the place formerly known as Hatrice was renamed Tamayo in memory of an Indian.
The first president of the council was Michael Humberto, the first syndic was Fabian Matos, who built the City Park.
Economic activities.
Tamayo is one of the areas where banana farming has the highest production. It produces the largest quantity of bananas (called barahoneros) because in the administrative division of the agricultural sector, the town belongs to the agricultural region of Barahona.
Like the municipality of Vicente Noble, the economics of Tamayo has been boosted in recent months.
In 2007, the City Council received on a monthly basis by ordering the transfer of the General Budget, through the Dominican Municipal League. Each District Board in turn receives $500000.00 (Five Hundred Thousand Pesos) for the same transfer.
Education.
The municipality operates 17 elementary schools, most with two rounds (morning and afternoon), a high school and a secondary school.
Health care.
The municipality operates seven rural clinics and a city hospital, which make up the physical infrastructure in health care available to Tamayo. Like other municipalities in the province of Barahona, cases that require specialized medical care are sent to the Jaime Mota regional hospital.
Culture and Religion.
San Antonio is the patron saint of the townspeople, who celebrate their festival on the June 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19950772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950772" title="Tommy Frame">
Tommy Frame

Thomas "Tommy" Frame (born 5 September 1902 – 17 January 1988) was a Scottish footballer who played at full back. He was born in Burnbank. He played for Burnbank Athletic, Cowdenbeath, Manchester United, Southport, Rhyl Athletic and Bridgnorth Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19950782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950782" title="Callaway Stadium">
Callaway Stadium

Callaway Stadium is a football/soccer stadium located in LaGrange, Georgia. It was built in 1958 by Callaway Foundation and is used by the Troup County High School, LaGrange High School, and Callaway High School football and soccer teams, as well as the LaGrange College Fighting Red Panthers football team. The facilities are also used by the football teams of the three public middle schools in Troup County as well. Despite its age, the stadium is still considered to be a state-of-the-art facility, having had FieldTurf installed in 2004 and a more advanced scoreboard installed in 2008. Its capacity is roughly 5,000 people all day long and has a press box on the home side.
On May 20, 2009, Callaway Stadium announced plans to renovate, including plans to add 1,200 new seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19950809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950809" title="Hebtiahs Bohra">
Hebtiahs Bohra

The Hebtiahs Bohra are a branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam that broke off from the mainstream Dawoodi Bohra after the death of the 39th Da'i al-Mutlaq in 1754. In 2004 Qutbi Bohra broke off from Dawoodi Bohra sect, which is shown to face succession issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19950845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950845" title="Veronicella sloanii">
Veronicella sloanii

Veronicella sloanii, common name the Pancake Slug, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial, pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.
Description.
When extended, this slug can attain a length of 12 cm (5 in.). It is highly variable in coloration and positive identification depends on dissection and inspection of the genitalia. It is usually very pale in color, ranging from mottle pale yellow, cream to white. It may have irregular black spotting or speckling all over the dorsal surface that may coalesce into two poorly defined bands running down either side of the body; in the juveniles, these two bands may be clearer and better defined as grey bands, especially anteriorly. Occasionally the snail can be mostly brownish. The only constant color character among different Caribbean island populations is the eye stalk, which is bluish grey with a light brown tip.
Distribution.
The indigenous distribution of "Veronicella sloanii" is Jamaica. The type locality is in Jamaica.
Other non-indigenous distribution includes:
This slug has been introduced to Florida and it has become an agricultural pest there.
Controversially Cowie et al. (2009) considered this species has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This slug lives in moist conditions and is nocturnal.
The best times to hunt for the slug is after rainfall. They rest under boards, logs and other objects lying on the ground.
Feeding habits.
This species attacks a wide variety of agricultural and horticultural plants including banana, plantain, various beans and peas, peanut, eggplant, cultivars of "Brassica" (e.g., broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower), carrot, hot and sweet peppers, various citrus species, lettuce, sweet potato, dasheen, eddoe, tannia, tomato, and yam.
Life cycle.
The slug lays a clutch of about 30 eggs, which are about 5 mm in diameter. The hatching time in captivity was 15 days at 24 °C.
Importance for humans.
This species is an agricultural pest.
They should not be handled with bare hands as they may carry some nematode diseases.
References.
This article incorporates public text a public domain work of the United States Government from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19950847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950847" title="List of The Magic School Bus characters">
List of The Magic School Bus characters

This is a list of characters that appear in "The Magic School Bus" television series.
Main characters.
The diverse class is in the third grade, as mentioned in the computer game "The Magic School Bus Explores the World of Animals". The school is located in Walkerville, USA (an American flag being present in city hall in "Gets Swamped") and is possibly located on the upper east coast ("Meets Molly Cule," "Sees Stars"). The original book series included additional students not seen in the TV adaptation.
Valerie Felicity Frizzle.
Voiced by Lily Tomlin in the TV series and Tina Marie Goff in the games. Ms. Frizzle is a teacher at Walkerville Elementary. She is normally referred to as Ms. Frizzle, but her students sometimes call her "The Friz." A redhead, she wears wacky clothing that reflects the subject of each adventure and earrings that glow just before a field trip begins. (In the original books, her dress on the last page usually hinted at the plot of the next book; the very last book sees it covered with question marks.) She enjoys singing, seems unafraid of danger, and often refers to her relatives or ancestors during trips. She can make a lot of jokes like Carlos, and she also admires Carlos' jokes. She appears to be very attached to the bus, almost as if having a nostalgic connection to it. Her first name is revealed as "Valerie" in "The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs." Her middle name is Felicity.
Liz.
The class pet Jackson's Chameleon who goes on most of the field trips with Ms. Frizzle and the students, often getting herself into dangerous comedic situations. She appears to get jealous when the bus receives more attention than she does. In the episode "Gets Ants In Its Pants", she is visibly annoyed and disappointed when she does not get the recognition she deserves.
Liz is mute but often does things that one would not expect from a lizard in real life, such as driving the bus. In three of the computer games, Liz talks. When she goes to Herp Haven for a brief period her packing list includes: claw polish, scale moisturizer and fang paste. If Ms. Frizzle has to leave the students for a brief period for any reason, or if the class must split up, she leaves Liz in charge, acting as a sort of substitute teacher. In "In a Pickle", she is the supposed "Judge" in Ms. Frizzle's trial for stealing Keesha's 1st prize cucumber/turning it into a pickle (she wears the wig, and the outfit, and carries the gavel).
Liz does not speak on the show, however she speaks in the CD-ROMs although it appears that only the viewers can hear her. She is also seen at the end of most episodes with the producers of The Magic School Bus.
Arnold Matthew Perlstein.
Voiced by Amos Crawley in the first season and Danny Tamberelli for the rest of the series. Arnold is a bespectacled Jewish American boy. He is seen as somewhat of a coward but is actually braver than he's given credit for (in "The Busasaurus," he scares off a "T. Rex" to save the class). Arnold also inspires the class with ideas and call him a genius. In the episode "Shows and Tells," he mentions that his great-aunt is the famous archaeologist Arizona Joan, a parody of Indiana Jones. In spite of his dislike of Ms. Frizzle's wacky field trips, he is on several occasions fiercely loyal to the teacher herself, as in "Lost in Space" where he defends her against his cousin Janet. Another example of this is in "In a Pickle" where he acts as a lawyer for Ms. Frizzle, taking his job almost too seriously. He has an intense interest in and knowledge of rocks and minerals and an extensive rock collection. Because of this, he becomes the only child to be a member of GRANITE, the Great Rock Admirers' National Institute of Tectonics Experts ("Goes Cellular"). In "Cracks a Yolk," he and Dorothy Ann share the only kiss on the series when she kisses him on the cheek. It is implied in the episodes "For Lunch" and "Holiday Special" that he has a crush on Wanda and vice-versa, but in "Wet All Over," he has a crush on a girl in another class named Tiffany. It's also hinted in "The Busasaurus" that Phoebe has a crush on him as well. In "Goes to Seed" he mentions he's allergic to pollen. In some of the books and on the TV series, Arnold has orange hair, but he has blond hair in the computer games and other books. His middle name is mentioned in "Ms. Frizzle's Adventures: Medieval Castle".
Carlos Ramon.
Voiced by Daniel DeSanto. Carlos is the Hispanic class clown, always making a pun or joke about the situation the class is in. He is a hands-on learner, preferring to invent different devices, such as an instrument or rain catcher, rather than learn from a book. Carlos tells unfunny jokes which often cause the kids to groan, "CARLOS!" By contrast, Ms. Frizzle seems to enjoy his jokes. In "The Magic School Bus Going Batty", his father also makes puns, to which the other kids' parents would respond, "Mr. Ramon!" also in unison. In the episode called "Gets Ready, Set, Dough," Carlos has the responsibility of making chocolate cake for Ms. Frizzle's birthday. In "Getting Energized" he entertains a crowd and can even do impressions of Arnold Schwarzenegger. In one of the producer segments one of the kids points out that Carlos's bad puns must come from the producers as heard in one of the phone calls.
Dorothy Ann ("D.A.").
Voiced by Tara Meyer. Dorothy Ann is the class bookworm, always looking for a fact in one of her many books. She is usually called "D.A." by the others. She always carries her pink messenger bag, which holds her books. In the episode "Blows its Top," Dorothy Ann loses her books, but realizes she does not need them to learn about facts. She appears to love astronomy, especially in "Out of This World" and "Sees Stars", where she is shown to have a telescope. She appears to enjoy physics, as she is seen with a physics book in "Plays Ball." She usually wears her blond hair in pigtails tied in red hairbands, and in the episode "Goes On Air," she takes off her hair ties, her pigtails staying in place (as pointed out by Arnold). In the beginning of "Out of This World," she has a nightmare about an asteroid crashing into her school and in the climax, she is the captain of the ship and she has her own ideas to save our planet. Dorothy Ann's last name has never been mentioned in canon, the books or the TV show. It's also revealed that she has a little sister named Evan. She is one of three kids known to have siblings, the other two being Carlos and Wanda.
Keesha Franklin.
Voiced by Erica Luttrell. Keesha is an African-American girl who is considered to be the most level-headed and realistic student in the class. She is usually the most sarcastic one as well. Because of her skepticism, she usually argues with Ralphie, who tends to live in his imagination. She is the only person to participate in every single field trip.
Phoebe Terese.
Voiced by Maia Filar. Phoebe is the new student in Ms. Frizzle's class, always referring to how things were at her old school (which is actually called "Phoebe's Old School," as seen in "Goes to Seed"). The caring soul of the class, she also seems to be a little bit shy, her biggest fear being revealed as stage fright in the episode "Gets Planted." Phoebe is an animal activist, as seen in "All Dried Up," "Cold Feet," "Spins a Web," "Goes Upstream," "Ups and Downs," and "Getting Energized." Her love of animals also includes bugs ("Butterfly and Bog Beast," "Spins a Web"). She has shown a poor ability in growing plants (not growing one herself in "Goes to Seed" and growing a pitiful bean plant in "Gets Planted"). Her father is blind as seen in "Going Batty," and like her, he makes references about her old school. In the episode "The Busasaurus", it is hinted she has a crush on Arnold by quoting "Gee, what a guy!" when he tries to save Dr. Skeledon's dinosaur egg from an Ornithomimus. Phoebe is usually paired up with Arnold the most out of all the other classmates in various situations. In the original books, her parents are never mentioned or seen, and it's implied she's being raised by her grandparents ("The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs" and "The Magic School Bus and the Electric Field Trip")
Ralphie Tennelli.
Voiced by Stuart Stone. Ralphie is the class athlete. While in class, he likes to daydream. He is the only field trip student to wear a baseball cap. He plays a lot of sports, including soccer, basketball, hockey, and baseball. Ralphie is of Italian-American descent, mentioning in the episode "Ups and Downs" that his mother's calzones "go down like rocks". He has a distaste for anchovies, which, as he tells the class in "Gets Eaten," his dad puts on pizza to keep him from eating it.
Tim.
Voiced by Max Beckford in the first season and Andre Ottley-Lorant for the rest of the series. Tim is African-American, and he's the most observant and artistic student. He can usually be found documenting on what the class is doing (such as Liz posing on a crater on Mercury or his Ralphie-inspired comic book "The Adventures of Weatherman" or getting footage of the swamp for evidence to argue Carlos's case), either by drawing or filming. His grandfather owns a honey bee farm outside of Walkerville, and as a small job, Tim delivers the honey at the start of winter. Like Dorothy Ann, his last name is never mentioned in canon, the books or the TV show.
Wanda Li.
Voiced by Lisa Yamanaka. Wanda is the boisterous Chinese-American tomboy of the class. Always willing to jump into adventure and going where "no kid has gone before," she serves as a foil to Arnold. She wants to solve all problems that face her. Despite her tough exterior, she loves ballet, especially "The Nutcracker" ("Holiday Special"). Wanda's favorite singer is Molly Cule (a play on the word molecule), and like Ralphie, she loves sports. Despite coming across as brash, she truly does care about her friends, such as in "Holiday Special," where she is disappointed that Arnold could not come along to see "The Nutcracker" due to his grandmother being ill. In some of the later books, her last name is Chen, as opposed to Li (which it is on the TV series), and she has an older brother named Henry, whereas on the tv series, she only has a younger brother, William.
Janet.
Voiced by Renessa Blitz. Janet is Arnold's know-it-all, stubborn, braggy, intelligent cousin. She is very unpopular among the class, though she did manage to manipulate them into siding with her (and turning on Phoebe) when it came to naming the school mascot ("Butterfly and the Bog Beast"). Janet usually tries to sabotage the class in some way to gain something for herself. She initially appeared in the book "The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System", where it was stated she went to another school, but on the tv series, she attends a different class instead of a different school. Janet is confirmed to be an only child, as Arnold mentions that she's his only cousin in "Butterfly and the Bog Beast."
She made eight appearances in the series:
In the very first episode, Janet is very anxious to collect samples from terrestrial planets Mercury, Venus and Mars, the biggest gas giant Jupiter and dwarf planet Pluto as a demonstration for proof of their visits to the planets in question. Her attempts to acquire a souvenir from the asteroid belt resulted in them temporarily losing Ms. Frizzle, and the other students refused to allow her to stop to acquire proof from Saturn, Neptune and Uranus. She also makes an appearance in the chapter book "Food Chain Frenzy".
The Bus.
The bus is "very unusual" and sometimes seems to have a mind of its own. It is capable of shrinking and expanding, as well as transforming itself into many kinds of items, most commonly as robotic animals in order to blend in with the environment in safari-type field trips. When it shrinks, so do its passengers, and occasionally, when the bus returns to its normal size when something was left behind, the other item is set back to normal too. It is usually completely under Ms. Frizzle's or Liz's control, although in certain episodes the bus exhibits independent, even irrational, behavior: in "The Magic School Gets Ready, Set, Dough," the bus malfunctions with size despite Ms. Frizzle trying to fix it, in "The Magic School Bus Holiday Special", the bus disassembles itself into raw materials (while scowling), after having done so to several other structures (though Wanda did angrily slam her fists in the bus's hood before it self-disassembled), and in "The Magic School Bus In The City", the bus after becoming a bear wanders off from the class into the city looking for food. Its abilities are due to unspecified, magical additions—the origins of which are never fully explained, although it would appear that the new components are subtle enough to avoid attracting much attention from outsiders as the bus is often seen undergoing inspection without anyone commenting on them—the Bus is capable of transforming into multiple objects, ranging from a speck of pollen to a time machine to a small planet. It is interesting to note that some of the bus' technologies also have specific names. For example, the device that allows the bus to shapeshift is called the "Mesmerglober", and the device that allows it to change size is called the "Shrinkerscope", (a portable version is called the Porta-shrinker). In some transformations, the bus itself comes in different colors. The dew-dinger is the device used to indicate whether the Shrinkerscope is wet, in which case it won't work. Some episodes have featured the class having to deal with problems in the Bus itself, such as a field trip to a bakery being jeopardised when the bus shrank unexpectedly, and another trip requiring the class to shrink down and travel through the bus itself after its engine was clogged by an inspector's peanut butter sandwich.

</doc>
<doc id="19950869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950869" title="United States Senate election in North Carolina, 2002">
United States Senate election in North Carolina, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in North Carolina was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jesse Helms decided to retire due to health reasons. Republican Elizabeth Dole won the open seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19950875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950875" title="Maxime (film)">
Maxime (film)

Maxime is a 1958 French drama film directed by Henri Verneuil who co-wrote screenplay with Henri Jeanson and Albert Valentin. It based on novel by Henri Duvernois. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Charles Boyer, Arletty and Jane Marken.
It tells the story of an ageing roue, a rich man and a lovely woman.

</doc>
<doc id="19950910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950910" title="Yankee traders">
Yankee traders

Yankee traders is a term used historically to refer to American merchants and drug smugglers, particularly around the turn of the 19th century. Many of the Yankee traders came from Boston, Massachusetts or other New England ports—hence the appellation "Yankee". They were reputed to be particularly shrewd and independent.

</doc>
<doc id="19950934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950934" title="Brian Plante">
Brian Plante

Brian Plante (born 1956) is an American science fiction writer. As of 2007, he had published 49 short stories. "Analog" magazine has published 16 of his stories and most of the recent ones. Plante has written several sarcastic essays on writing, including the "Chronicles of the Garden Valley Writers," an account of dynamics in a fiction writer criticism group. His non-fiction has appeared in "Manifest Destiny", "Fantastic Collectibles", and from 1995 to 1998 as a monthly column in "The New Jersey Graveline".
Honors and awards.
Plante was a 1995 Writers of the Future finalist.
"Lavender In Love", originally published in the February 2003 issue of "Analog", won the AnLab ("Analog" readers poll) award for best short story of 2003. Planet's "The Astronaut", published in May 2007, won him the 2008 Anlab award for best short story of 2007.
His 1998 story "Drawn Words" was on the preliminary ballot for the 1999 Nebula Award. Several of his other stories have earned "honorable mention" honors in Gardner Dozois' "The Year's Best Science Fiction" collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19950949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950949" title="Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park">
Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park

Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park is a 2001 North Korean film directed by Yoon Chan. Originally made as a two episode television series, the film is a coming of age drama about a young woman, Eun-a, who achieves her goals in spite of interference from her family.
"Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park" was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival, held from 28 April–6 May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19950961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950961" title="Sneakin' Suspicion">
Sneakin' Suspicion

"Sneakin' Suspicion" was the fourth album by Dr. Feelgood, and was released in 1977. During recording of "Sneakin' Suspicion", the band were dealt a potentially fatal blow with the departure of guitarist, co-writer and focal point, Wilko Johnson.
The album reached number 10 in the UK Albums Chart in June 1977, and remained in that chart for six weeks. It also spawned their first single to enter the corresponding UK Singles Chart - "Sneakin' Suspicion".
Despite its thriving British success, Dr. Feelgood was unable to find an audience in the United States. After "Sneakin' Suspicion" they never released another record in the U.S.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Wilko Johnson; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="19950987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950987" title="Paul Bauer (mountaineer)">
Paul Bauer (mountaineer)

Paul Bauer (December 29, 1896 – January 9, 1990) was a German poet and mountaineer.
Biography.
Bauer was born at Kusel in the Palatinate region of Germany. As a schoolboy, he first visited the Alps on a cycling tour through the Dolomites via Bolzano and Merano to Lake Constance. He saw active service in the First World War and spent the end of that war as a prisoner in England. His interest in climbing continued as he studied law in Munich. Travelling on a tight budget with friends he tackled many of the classic climbs in central Europe. In 1928 he visited the Caucasus with three friends, where they climbed to the summit of Dykh-Tau - second highest peak in Europe.
In 1929 he led a team of nine German Mountaineers in a first attempt on Kangchenjunga. They acquitted themselves well, but were turned back by poor weather and bad conditions having reached 26,000 feet. Returning in 1931, Bauer's team were again rebuffed by the sheer size and scale of the Mountain. It was during this second attempt on Kangchenjunga, that Hermann Schaller lost his life. In 1932 Bauer won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Am Kangehenzonga", an account of his 1931 attempt to climb the Himalayan peak Kangchenjunga. 
Following two failed attempts Bauer found it difficult to raise funds for a third attempt; the German public's attention now turned to Nanga Parbat. After the disastrous 1934 expedition, Bauer headed up a training climb in 1936 which found success on Siniolchu. 
His ventures led to prominent positions in German mountain climbing organizations during the Nazi era. During World War II, Bauer was an officer in the Gebirgsjäger, a regiment of specially trained Alpine Troops. He describes his return to the Caucasus as not what he had expected - at the head of two thousand troops in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19950989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19950989" title="R188 (New York City Subway car)">
R188 (New York City Subway car)

The R188 is an A Division car for the New York City Subway. The MTA is displacing the R62As from the train with these cars and to automate the IRT Flushing Line. The R188 is part of both the fourth and fifth generation of New York City Subway A Division rolling stock; many fourth-generation R142As are being converted to R188s, along with deliveries of new R188 cars.
Background.
The R188 order originally consisted of 186 new cars, as well as 131 converted R142A cars compatible with communication-based train control (CBTC) and an additional 189 R142A conversion kits for MTA, totaling a possible 506 cars, or in other words, 46 11-car trains. Given this number, it can be deduced that 230 of these cars will be arranged in 5-car sets while the remaining 276 cars will be arranged in 6-car sets.
According to the 2010–2014 capital plan, 146 new cars were to be purchased. Of these new cars, 110 cars would go to make up 10 new 11-car trains, while the remaining 36 cars were to be "C" cars that would go to expanding 36 CBTC upgraded R142A 5-car sets (360 existing cars) to 6-car length. The original planned total of 46 11-car trains (506 cars) would still result from this order.
In the latest revision, however, only 103 new cars were to be purchased to form 8 new 11-car trains. Likewise, the number of conversion cars was altered to 370. This change was made with the knowledge that only two growth sets would be needed as opposed to the projected four sets, and thus the MTA and Kawasaki opted to convert two additional R142A train sets in place of manufacturing two new sets. The MTA also decided to have Kawasaki perform all of the conversions at the Yonkers plant instead of 207th Street Shop as part of that contract modification.
History.
The R188 contract was awarded in Spring 2010 to Kawasaki Heavy Industries, who won by default since only two manufacturers qualified and Bombardier Transportation opted not to bid on the contract citing the small order and large requirement for engineering resources. The contract was specified at $87,094,272 for the base order, which consisted of 33 cars (23 new cars and 10 conversions), and $384,315,168 for the option order, which consisted of 473 cars (123 new cars, and 350 conversions) for a total price of $471,409,440.
According to the latest update, the MTA expects to have 8 conversion sets in service by the time that the 7 Subway Extension is opened for revenue service. In addition, the breakdown of the trainsets has been disclosed. Operationally, the R188s are coupled as such: A-C-B-B-A+A-B-B-B-C-A; where dashes signify link bars and the addition sign denotes couplers.
The 10 converted R142A cars from the base order (numbers 7211-7220) were completed in December 2011 at Kawasaki's Yonkers facility, and were delivered for testing on the Flushing line in 2012. The 23 new cars from the base order (numbered 7811-7832) were completed in mid-2012, delivered in November 2013, and entered service in December 2013. The new 66 option cars (numbers 7833-7898) were also completed in mid-2012 and are currently being delivered since November 22, 2013, while the remaining 37 new cars and the 370 conversions are scheduled for delivery from the 1st quarter of 2014 through the 4th quarter of 2015.
On November 9, 2013, the first R188 train, consisting of cars 7811-7821, entered service on the 7 train as part of its 30 day revenue test. After successful completion, it entered revenue service in late December.

</doc>
<doc id="19951002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951002" title="Andy Ologun">
Andy Ologun

Andy Ologun (born June 12, 1983) is a Nigerian professional boxer, mixed martial artist, kickboxer and actor who has fought for K-1 and DREAM. He is the younger brother of Japanese TV personality, "gaikokujin tarento" and mixed martial artist, Bobby Ologun.
Ologun holds a notable K-1 kickboxing win over Takayuki Kohiruimaki and a win at Dynamite!! 2010 against former pro baseball Yokohama DeNA BayStars player turned mixed martial artist Katsuaki Furuki. Ologun most notably fought Thai kickboxing legend Buakaw Por. Pramuk at K-1 World MAX 2007 World Elite Showcase, a fight Ologun lost via close Decision. Andy was to have a rematch with Buakaw Por. Pramuk in 2010, but the fight was delayed due to scheduling conflicts.
Andy is also popular in Japan for his fashion modeling, having modeled in Japan for Comme des Garçons, Sean John, Puma, Dior and Michael Kors, as well as several appearances on Japanese television programs "SASUKE" and "Ninja Warrior". He was also a film extra in the movies "Babel", "Catch a Fire" and "Inception". Ologun also made a cameo appearance in a Buju Banton music video. As of 2010 his current K-1 kickboxing record is 2-5. 
Ologun turned to professional boxing in mid-2011. Fighting out of Hiranaka Boxing School Gym, he made his debut with a second round technical knockout in a 163 pound bout at the Nippon Budokan in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19951003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951003" title="Abraham Hall">
Abraham Hall

Abraham Hall, constructed in 1889, is located on the northeast side of Old Muirkirk Road in the center of the historic African American community of Rossville, a section of Beltsville in Prince George's County, Maryland. 
It was constructed by the Benevolent Sons and Daughters of Abraham, an African American society that was established for the social welfare of its members. Originally known as Rebecca Lodge #6 of the Benevolent Sons and Daughters of Abraham, the building was constructed by John W. Jackson in 1889 in the burgeoning community of Rossville. Abraham Hall, an excellent example of a multi-purpose building associated with African Americans, served as a meeting hall, a house of worship, a school, and a social hall for African Americans living in a segregated society. The lodge hall functioned as the community black school, until a Rosenwald School was built in 1922. 
The structure is set back from the road on a grassy lot with mature trees. It is a three-bay, two-story gable front frame lodge building with a brick foundation, wood lap siding with cornerboards, and a shake roof with a boxed cornice. A brick chimney rises from the northwest slope of the roof. Both the interior and exterior of the building were carefully restored between 1986 and 1991 using original materials or in-kind replacements.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19951004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951004" title="Oscar Román Acosta">
Oscar Román Acosta

Oscar Román Acosta (born 18 October 1964 in Rosario) is a retired Argentine football midfielder who won two Primera División Argentina titles with Ferro Carril Oeste.
Acosta joined Ferro Carril Oeste at the age of 16, in 1982 he was part of the squad that won the club's first ever league title; Nacional 1982. He was also part of the team that won the Nacional 1984. He played for the club until 1989.
Acosta was selected to join the Argentina squad for Copa América 1987 but he only ever played in one game for his national team.
Acosta also played for Vélez Sársfield, River Plate, San Martín de Tucumán, Banfield, Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy and Argentinos Juniors in the Argentine Primera.
Nicknamed "Bocha" Acosta played abroad for Servette of Switzerland, ANA Yokohama of Japan, Universidad de Chile and Coquimbo Unido of Chile and Barcelona Sporting Club of Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="19951018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951018" title="The Mass Psychology of Fascism">
The Mass Psychology of Fascism

The Mass Psychology of Fascism () is a 1933 book by Wilhelm Reich. It explores how fascists come into power, and explains their rise as a symptom of sexual repression.
Background.
Reich, originally from Galicia in the Austro-Hungarian Empire and practicing psychoanalysis and psychiatry in Vienna, joined the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) in 1928. He joined the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) upon moving his psychoanalytic practice to Berlin in 1930. "The Mass Psychology of Fascism", however, was seen as being so critical of the Nazi regime (as well as the Communist regime in the Soviet Union) that Reich was considered to be a liability to the KPD and was kicked out of the party upon the book's publication in 1933.
Summary.
The question at the heart of Reich's book was this: why did the masses turn to authoritarianism even though it is clearly against their interests? Reich set out to analyze "the economic and ideological structure of German society between 1928 and 1933" in this book. In it, he calls Bolshevism "red fascism" and groups it in the same category as Nazism, and this led to him being kicked out of the Communist Party.
Reich argued that the reason Nazism was chosen over fascism was sexual repression. As children, members of the proletariat had learned from their parents to suppress sexual desire. Hence, in adults, rebellious and sexual impulses caused anxiety. Fear of revolt, as well as fear of sexuality, were thus "anchored" in the character of the masses. This influenced the irrationality of the people, Reich would argue.
As Reich put it:
Suppression of the natural sexuality in the child, particularly of its genital sexuality, makes the child apprehensive, shy, obedient, afraid of authority, good and adjusted in the authoritarian sense; it paralyzes the rebellious forces because any rebellion is laden with anxiety; it produces, by inhibiting sexual curiosity and sexual thinking in the child, a general inhibition of thinking and of critical faculties. In brief, the goal of sexual suppression is that of producing an individual who is adjusted to the authoritarian order and who will submit to it in spite of all misery and degradation. At first the child has to submit to the structure of the authoritarian miniature state, the family; this makes it capable of later subordination to the general authoritarian system. The formation of the authoritarian structure takes place through the anchoring of sexual inhibition and anxiety. 
Reich noted that the symbolism of the swastika, evoking the fantasy of the primal scene, showed in spectacular fashion how Nazism systematically manipulated the unconscious. A repressive family, a baneful religion, a sadistic educational system, the terrorism of the party, and economic violence all operated in and through individuals' unconscious psychology of emotions, traumatic experiences, fantasies, libidinal economies, and so on, and Nazi political ideology and practice exacerbated and exploited these tendencies.
For Reich, fighting fascism meant first of all studying it scientifically, which was to say, using the methods of psychoanalysis. He believed that reason, alone able to check the forces of irrationality and loosen the grip of mysticism, is also capable of playing its own part in developing original modes of political action, building on a deep respect for life, and promoting a harmonious channeling of libido and orgastic potency. Reich proposed "work democracy," a self-managing form of social organization that would preserve the individual's freedom, independence, and responsibility and base itself on them.
Banning.
As a result of writing the book, Reich was kicked out of the Communist Party of Germany . The book was banned by the Nazis when they came to power. He realized he was in danger and hurriedly left Germany disguised as a tourist on a ski trip to Austria. Reich was expelled from the International Psychoanalytical Association in 1934 for political militancy. The book was ordered to be burned on request of the FDA by a judge in Maine, United States in 1956, amongst other works by Reich.
The authoritarian family as the first cell of the fascist society.
Chapter V contains the famous statement that the family is the first cell of the fascist society:
Michel Foucault reprised this analogy in his "History of Madness" (1961), in which he assesses life in the psychiatric asylum as a symbolic recreation of an authoritarian society. He speaks first of family tribunals of 1790 as the "elementary cell of civil jurisdiction," and then of the madman-doctor couple, which he calls "the root cell of madness":
Deleuze and Guattari reprised Reich arguments in their joint works "Anti-Oedipus", and "A Thousand Plateaus", in which they talk about the formation of fascism at the molecular level of society.

</doc>
<doc id="19951022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951022" title="Foy H. Moody High School">
Foy H. Moody High School

Foy H. Moody High School is a public high school located in the city of Corpus Christi, USA and classified as a 4A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Corpus Christi Independent School District located in southeast Nueces County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Moody Trojans compete in these sports 
Volleyball, Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Wrestling, Powerlifting, Swimming, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Baseball & Softball

</doc>
<doc id="19951052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951052" title="Peugeot Type 81">
Peugeot Type 81

The Peugeot Type 81 was a fairly large car, and with among the largest units of any contemporary Peugeot model, a correspondingly large production effort of the time. Available as a closed top limousine or a double phaeton, 251 Type 81s were built during 1906. The engine was a 2.2 L straight-4 which produced 15 hp at 1400 rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="19951053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951053" title="HM Prison Chelmsford">
HM Prison Chelmsford

HM Prison Chelmsford is a Category B men's prison and Young Offenders Institution, located in Chelmsford, Essex, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Chelmsford Prison began as a county jail in 1830 before transforming into a Category B prison, a young person's prison, and a local prison. It was expanded in 1996.
In 1999 the management at Chelmsford Prison were severely criticised by the Chief Inspector of Prisons, after findings that staff were failing to respond to cell alarms five years after a prisoner was beaten to death by his cell-mate. The prison was also criticised for unacceptably bad conditions of cleanliness. A further inspection a year later confirmed these failings at the prison. In 2002, "conditions at Chelmsford... condemned as 'poor and cramped' by the gaol's board of visitors."
However in 2005, Chelmsford was praised in its inspection for improving standards and procedures for inmates at the prison. This was confirmed a year later by the Independent Monitoring Board which praised the new management at the prison.
On 25 December 2007, 18-year old Abdullah Hagar Idris hanged himself in the prison after he was told that he was going to be deported.
In January 2013, the Ministry of Justice announced that older parts of Chelmsford prison will close, with a reduction of 132 places at the gaol.
The prison today.
Chelmsford Prison accepts adult male prisoners and Young Offenders, convicted or on remand direct from courts within its local catchment area.
Education at the prison is contracted to Milton Keynes College, and courses offered include literacy, numeracy, information technology, art, barbering, journalism, cookery, ESOL as well as social and life programs. The prison's gym also offers physical education with industry related qualifications, as well as recreational gym.
In addition the prison has links to, and facilities provided by, organisations such as the Job Centre and the Samaritans. There is also a Prison Visitor Centre operated by the Ormiston Children and Families Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19951064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951064" title="Barbara Gilmour">
Barbara Gilmour

Barbara Gilmour (married name Barbara Dunlop; died 1732) was a significant figure in 17th century Ayrshire having introduced a method of cheese making which became common throughout Ayrshire and beyond, providing employment and extra income for farmers and others. She lived near Dunlop, a village in East Ayrshire, Scotland, lying between the village of Lugton and the town of Stewarton on the old turnpike road to Glasgow. Cheese made by her method became known as "Dunlop cheese".
Barbara Gilmour.
Barbara Gilmour was a woman whose wits had been sharpened by her exile as a presbyterian in Ireland around 1660, during Scotland's troubles between the Restoration of Charles II and the "dirk & drublie dayis" after the revolution. In Ireland she is thought to have learned the art of making whole milk cheese. She may have been in the Bantry Bay area, County Cork, where James Hamilton, 1st Viscount Claneboye was at one time based. Hamilton was a strong presbyterian adherent and son of Hans Hamilton the first Protestant minister of Dunlop Kirk. McMichael states that she was in County Down, Northern Ireland. 
It is not known precisely where she came from, however 'Gilmore' or 'Gilmour' is a common local name, with for example a family of that name living in the 'Lands of Chapeltoun' at around the start of the 18th century.
Eventually, according to the Rev. Brisbane (1793), she returned to Dunlop, East Ayrshire, after the Revolution of 1688, bringing the recipe for the cheese with her; McMichael has it that she combined the best of Scottish and Irish cheese making methods to produce Dunlop cheese. Paterson records that she was the wife of John Dunlop, the farmer of Overhill Farm, now known as 'The Hill'. Introducing a new style of cheese was not straightforward and, "knowing" that cheese could not be made from whole milk, some of the locals came close to accusing her of witchcraft which could have resulted in her being burned to death at the Cross of Irvine.
Another source states that she was a pious young woman – a devout Covenanter – and, hearing of the martyrdom of Margaret Wilson (in 1684 or 1685) on Wigtown Sands, and being determined not to renounce the Covenant, she fled, like many others, from her home in Ayrshire to Ireland, and found employment in the county Down, where she acquired a knowledge of the Irish process of cheese making. The persecution of females having abated after the horrible event of Wigtown Sands, Miss Gilmour returned to her home in Dunlop, and became a farmer’s wife. 
Some others accused her of copying their recipes and indeed a farmer, Mr W. Aiton of Strathaven, pointed out that practical cheese makers were already aware of the benefit of adding cream to cheese before Barbara's time, and in his opinion Dunlop cheese was so named from a trader who took these cheeses from the parish up to Glasgow; others have cast doubt on the Irish origin of the 'recipe' without disputing Barbara Gilmour's introduction of Dunlop cheese. 
The cheese presses.
Most sources, e.g. Dobie state that "Barbara's Gilmours cheese press can still be seen today at 'The Hill'", however the cheese press here is dated 1760 and she died in 1732. The design of the press, with a heavy 'lintel' stone having a screwed shaft passing through it attached to a frame, allowed the dead weight of the stone to be lowered onto the cheese progressively, improving the overall drainage of the whey and the firming up of the curd.
Another stone at the farm may represent the remains a primitive cheese press. It is an expertly carved 'trough' with various holes, grooves and three vertical sides. The groove running horizontally along the 'back' may have helped support a wooden frame above the 'trough'. It may have been re-used for a different purpose at a later date and is unlikely to have been part of the 1760 press.
The Hill farm and the old road.
This farm steading, previously known as Over Dunlophill Montgomerie, has a U-shaped plan and has been little modernised since the 19th century, leaving evidence for earlier phases plainly visible. The farm buildings comprise a two-storeyed farmhouse flanked to the south by stables, a harness room and a forge and to the north by a byre and a dairy. A barn and a cart shed are in a detached range to the rear (to the east) of the main block and a small watermill is to the north, adjacent to the dairy. The farm steading is built of whinstone rubble and has slate roofs. It was visited by the RCAHMS in 1993. In the surrounding fields can be seen the earthworks of a rig, some of which is slightly reverse-S in plan. The farm buildings are notable, if not exceptional, for the numerous date stones and marriage stone incorporated into various parts of the buildings.
The 17th-century road from Glasgow to Irvine ran past 'The Hill' farm on the opposite side to the existing road, which is itself on the line of the 18th-century turnpike. The house used to 'face' the other direction as can be seen by a slight asymmetry in the existing frontage and the old 'front door' is now a just a window, but with 'tell tale' ornamentation on the lintel. Then presence of the road running passed the farm would have made the transport of her cheeses that much easier in those days of transport by pack animal or sledge. Timothy Pont's map of Cunninghame (1604–1608) marks an 'O Hill', emphasising the age of this settlement.
Gravestone and descendents.
Barbara and John's 'table' style horizontal gravestone is now positioned as an upright against a wall of Dunlop kirk. It is very well preserved and as stated, gives the date 1732 for her demise. The gravestone inscription mentions 'children' plural, however only a daughter, Mary, survived her parents, marrying Allan, son of Allan Brown of Gabroch-hill. Their son, Andrew Brown, succeeded to Hill, and through his wife Jean Anderson, they afterwards succeeded to Craighead farm. Mary Dunlop, daughter of John Dunlop of Boarland and Jean Gilnour of Tailend, had the half of Boarland, died at the Hill, the property of her mother's brother-in-law, in 1839. The Rev. Brisbane noted in 1793 that Barbara's grandson was still living and was the proprietor at 'The Hill.'
Dunlop cheese.
Barbara successfully manufactured a 'species' of cheese till then unknown in Scotland, being made from unskimmed milk from the famous Ayrshire cows. Her process was copied by her neighbours and 'Dunlop cheese' came into such demand, that whether made by Barbara or her neighbours, or by the housewives of adjoining parishes, it found a ready market. It is suggested that the spread of the cheese to other districts was largely through farmers who had settled there from Dunlop parish.
She was something of an 'evangelist' in the matter of making sweet milk (unskimmed milk) cheese,and being a forthright and energetic character she traveled widely to teach the making of her Dunlop cheese, and so stimulated a nation-wide demand. This demand stimulated merchants to visit Cunninghame, buy Dunlop cheese and sell it throughout the central lowlands of Scotland. Local cheese merchants from Kirktoun also bought up the cheese and took them to Glasgow for sale in the markets.
Barbara's system for making Dunlop was widely copied and extended rapidly to many all parts of Scotland by the end of the 18th century, even where traditionally sheep's milk cheese had been made. "...from "Cheesemaking in Scotland". Nothing but skimmed milk having been used in the process of cheese making in this district, previously. All the cheese similarly made in the western counties received the appellation of "Dunlop" and in 1837 the "Ayrshire Statistical Account" records that 25,000 stones imperial were made in this parish annually. 
The high value which was set on the Barbara Gilmour cheese for the purpose of roasting was very much confined to Ayrshire, where a farl of oat cake or supple scone spread with roasted cheese, and a bowl of milk, or whey, or tea, or cold water, made a highly relished and substantial meal, precluding in many families the use of bacon for breakfast.
Cadgers.
Cadgers were the 'middlemen' who toured the farms and bought the cheeses by direct negotiation, sending them to the markets in Glasgow, Edinburgh and other places. By 1837 some fourteen cadgers made a living in Dunlop Parish through buying and selling Dunlop cheese.
In the long maturing stage Dunlop cheese loses very considerably in weight, which made dealers impatient to get it off their hands; and it was usually therefore retailed before it was ripe, and at an inferior price.
Ayrshire or Dunlop cattle.
Dunlop cattle are supposed to have originated here or within the parish, bred by J. Dunlop of that Ilk from improved stock from Holland, in around 1550 to 1700 or later. J. Dunlop of Titwood is said to have first bred 'Ayrshire Cows' at one of his home farms. The breed, also known as Cunninghame or Ayrshire cattle are pied, white and brown, short in leg, long in the horn, straight in the back: the bulls are fiery in temper and the cows are peculiarly placid and docile. They produce milk which is very high in butterfat and ideal for cheese-making. The milk has a high protein content but is relatively homogenous.
It is an interesting point to note that the selective breeding of cattle was almost impossible before the enclosure of land by dykes and ditches in the 18th-century, because prior to this the cattle were free to mix without much control from the farmer and establishing or maintaining a 'pure breed' was therefore practically impossible.
Micro history.
The British army & navy of this time purchased Barbara Gilmour's 'Dunlop' type of cheese as the taste of cheeses made from skimmed milk when compared with unskimmed cheeses was so unsatisfactory that it caused dissent amongst the regular troops or sailors.
In the 17th century Dunloppe had two fairs a year for the sale of dairy stock, one on the second Friday of May; and the other called Hallowday, on the 12th. of November.
An Ayrshire cow was given to Robbie Burns in 1788 by Mr. J. Dunlop of Dunlop. He wrote to say that the gift was "the finest quey in Ayrshire". A 'quey' was the Scots for a heifer until she had birthed a calf. 
In Sir Walter Scott's 'Heart Of Midlothian' he has the Duke of Argyll saying ``the Dunlop is the very cheese of which I am so fond, and I will take it as the greatest favour you can do me to send one to Caroline Park. But remember, be on honour with it, Jeanie, and make it all yourself, for I am a real good judge."
Timothy Pont states of Stewarton & Dunlop in 1604 – 1608 that "the butter of this countrey in effecte ferues a grate pairt of ye Kingdome, one aker of ground heir zeilding more butter then 3 akers of ground in aney adiacent countreys".
One place that Dunlop cheese is made today (2008) is at West Clerkland Farm, a short distance from Barbara Gilmour's old home.

</doc>
<doc id="19951068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951068" title="The Low Life">
The Low Life

The Low Life is a 1995 American film starring Rory Cochrane and directed and co-written by George Hickenlooper.
Plot.
A Yale graduate, with dreams of becoming a writer, moves to Hollywood and struggles with low-paying jobs, poverty, romance and slacker friends. 

</doc>
<doc id="19951071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951071" title="Pale Gray for Guilt">
Pale Gray for Guilt

Pale Gray for Guilt (1968) is the ninth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot revolves around McGee's investigation into the death of his close friend Tush Bannon, who he suspects has been murdered because of his refusal to sell his waterfront property to developers. In terms of series continuity, "Pale Gray for Guilt" is particularly important in that it involves a love interest, Puss Killian, who is central to the final book: "The Lonely Silver Rain".
Synopsis.
When McGee visits Tush Bannon, his wife Janine and their children at their motel/marina, he finds the business in trouble. Tush explains that the local authorities are making life difficult for him by such means as introducing roadworks on the only access road. Pressure is being put on the Bannons by a well-connected local businessman, Preston LaFrance, to sell to a large corporation that wants to develop the land for industrial use. Most of the income they have left is from a few houseboats, one of which is rented to Arlie Denn and her husband, hippies who make a small living selling handicrafts. 
The next time McGee sees Tush, they bump into one another at a bar, where Tush is in conversation with a smart young woman named Mary Smith. He tells McGee that Smith is an agent for an entrepreneur named Gary Santo, who wants to acquire the whole parcel of land. Tush has appealed to both LaFrance and Santo without success; they are not interested in his personal circumstances and are prepared to put him out of business to get what they want. Tush cannot afford to sell his land at the deflated price now being offered. All he can do now is to resume his old job as a salesman.
When McGee next goes to call on the Bannons, he finds the motel and marina closed down, and learns that Tush was found dead on the premises the previous day, apparently having committed suicide by releasing a heavy hoist onto his own head. Suspecting foul play, McGee investigates further and learns that Tush's wife Janine, having been forced to leave the property by bailiffs, has gone to stay with an old friend, Connie Alvarez, and is not yet aware of her husband's death. Satisfied that Tush did not kill himself, McGee begins a campaign to help Janine and her children financially whilst seeking revenge on those whom he holds responsible. 
With help from his friend Meyer, McGee builds up an elaborate scam. They con LaFrance into buying the Bannon land at an inflated price and the profits are used to buy Janine shares in Fletchers, a company whose stocks Meyer knows to be over-priced. McGee then obtains an introduction to Gary Santo through Mary Smith, avoiding the latter's sexual advances by pretending to be away setting up a deal. He persuades Santo to invest heavily in Fletchers, thus artificially boosting the share price, selling off Janine's shares when the market peaks. McGee's girlfriend, Puss Killian, also plays a part in the scam, but then disappears, leaving a mysterious note of apology, saying that their affair is at an end.
In the meantime, McGee has been arrested by the local sheriff on suspicion of involvement in Tush Bannon's murder. Testifying against him is Arlie Denn, who witnessed the murder and has been bought off by the murderer, Freddy Hazzard, a junior deputy related to LaFrance. Hazzard, who had set up the suicide scenario after accidentally killing Tush by an over-enthusiastic beating, goes on the run when Arlie changes her story, but reappears later on McGee's boat, The Busted Flush, where he takes Janine hostage and subjects her and McGee to an ordeal of several hours imprisonment, his plan being to sink the boat with them in it and get away on its small speedboat. McGee manages to get free, but is shot in the shoulder by Hazzard, who is then killed by Janine with a blow from a fire extinguisher. Wishing to avoid publicity, McGee and Janine agree to bury Hazzard at sea and they spend some time together on a fake holiday before returning to base, where McGee is confronted by Santo and Smith. Learning how he has been stung, Santo fires Smith, but she quickly loses interest in McGee. A message of explanation from Puss Killian makes him resolve to stay away from women for the foreseeable future, and he is left alone with Meyer to resume his usual way of life.

</doc>
<doc id="19951090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951090" title="Spirit of Korean Celadon">
Spirit of Korean Celadon

Spirit of Korean Celadon () is a 2002 North Korean film directed by Phyo Kwang. A drama with "fun, unconventional musical sequences", the film is set during the Goryeo period and tells the story of a craftsman devoted to making traditional Korean celadon.
"Spirit of Korean Celadon" was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival, held from 28 April–6 May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19951095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951095" title="Cabinet of Stanisław Mackiewicz">
Cabinet of Stanisław Mackiewicz

The Cabinet of Stanisław Mackiewicz (Polish: Rząd Stanisława Mackiewicza) was formed by the Polish Government in Exile on June 8, 1954, serving until June 21, 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19951121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951121" title="Joachim Karsch">
Joachim Karsch

Joachim Karsch (June 20, 1897 – February 11, 1945) was a German artist.
He was born in Breslau and died in Groß Gandern, Sternberg.
In 1932 he won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Stabwechsel" ("Baton passing").

</doc>
<doc id="19951143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951143" title="Michael Tung">
Michael Tung

Michael Tung (born 19 March 1990) is a Trinidad racing cyclist. He started swimming at the age off fifteen and made his first swimming national record a couple months after. He excelled in swimming, coming second in the 100M free at Marlins International Open and coming first overall in several High School Invitational competitions. From there he went into the sport of triathlon. Ranking first in triathlon in his country at the age of 16, Michael managed to be invited to compete in the 2006 ITU World Championships in Lausane, Switzerland.
Michael's passion for cycling made him pursue the sport on a higher level. He excelled immediately, as he was able to come second and third in the majority of races he participated in. In 2007, Michael was able to win the first Tour of Trinidad (a three-day race which covers an average 100 km per day) and was able to become the 2008 National Keirin Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19951150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951150" title="Art Bues">
Art Bues

Arthur Frederick Bues was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He was born on March 3, 1888 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He batted and threw right-handed, weighed 184 pounds, and was 5 foot 11. Art was the nephew of George Stallings. Bues made his Major League debut on April 17, 1913 for the Boston Braves. He had just 1 at bat in 2 games. In 1914 he played for the Chicago Cubs in 14 games. He had 45 at-bats with 10 hits. He recorded no home runs and 4 RBIs.
Art Bues died on November 7, 1954 in Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="19951161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951161" title="Arthur Kill (Staten Island Railway station)">
Arthur Kill (Staten Island Railway station)

Arthur Kill is a future station on the Staten Island Railway (SIR) that will replace the Atlantic and Nassau stations. It will be accessible to disabled persons and include a 150-car parking lot on property owned by SIR. The station was expected to be complete by 2010, but was delayed due to a lack of funding in the capital program. A groundbreaking ceremony was held on October 18, 2013, with the project anticipated to be completed in 2015.
__notoc__

</doc>
<doc id="19951172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951172" title="Rex Makin">
Rex Makin

Elkan Rex Makin, usually known as Rex Makin, is a solicitor and philanthropist who has practised in Liverpool, England, for over sixty years. He is most noted for his involvement with The Beatles' early career and subsequently high-profile cases such as the Hillsborough and Heysel Stadium disasters, the Walton sextuplets, and the re-opening of the Cameo Murders case. A freeman of the City of Liverpool, he has also supported the arts and holds an honorary professorship at Liverpool John Moores University. He also writes a weekly column in the Liverpool Echo.
Early life.
Born in 1925, Makin is the only child of Joe and May Makin. His family moved to Liverpool in the 1850s and his great-great grandfather set up shop as a seamens' outfitter in Old Hall Street. His father was brought up on Park Lane in the Chinatown area of Liverpool, where he made and supplied trunks to seamen. Makin studied law at the University of Liverpool, gaining his LL.B in 1945 and LL.M in 1947.
Career.
Makin was the family solicitor to Brian Epstein, who in 1963 sought his advice on setting up a perpetually-binding contract between himself and The Beatles; however, Makin advised Epstein that such an agreement would be legally indefensible. He has been credited with inventing the term "Beatlemania". Following Epstein's death in 1967, Makin arranged his funeral.
Honours.
In 2003 he was appointed a Freeman of the City of Liverpool, the first solicitor to receive that honour. He said at the time 

</doc>
<doc id="19951188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951188" title="Ashley Zukerman">
Ashley Zukerman

Ashley Zukerman is an actor best known for his role as Senior Constable Michael Sandrelli in "Rush", an Australian TV series for which he was nominated for the Graham Kennedy Award for Most Outstanding New Talent in 2009. He was born in Santa Monica, California and moved to Melbourne with his family when he was two years old. He attended Wesley College, Melbourne at the Glen Waverley campus.
Graduating from the Victorian College of the Arts in 2006, his professional career began in theatre. He had a critically acclaimed role in "The History Boys", directed by Peter Evans for the Melbourne Theatre Company. He appeared in HBO's war miniseries "The Pacific", which premiered March 14, 2010 and filmed a four episode role in Lowdown, portraying Dylan Hunt.
Zukerman is a co-founder of the production company Inside Job Productions.
Zukerman also plays a recurring role in the American science fiction series "Terra Nova" on Fox in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19951208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951208" title="Plaka, Achaea">
Plaka, Achaea

Plaka (, former name: Μορόχοβα - "Morochova") is a village in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 137. It is situated in the southern foothills of Mount Erymanthos. It is 2 km southeast of Agrampela, 4 km west of Livartzi and 25 km southwest of Kalavryta.

</doc>
<doc id="19951220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951220" title="Pourquoi viens-tu si tard?">
Pourquoi viens-tu si tard?

Pourquoi viens-tu si tard? (also known as Why Do You Come So Late? or US title: "Too Late to Love") is a 1959 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin who co-wrote screenplay with Pierre Roustang, Albert Valentin and Michel Audiard (dialogue). The films stars Michèle Morgan and Henri Vidal.
It tells the story of an alcoholic female lawyer who help a boy convicted for murder.

</doc>
<doc id="19951238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951238" title="Janina Konarska">
Janina Konarska

Janina Konarska (later "Konarska-Słonimska", April 30, 1900 – June 9, 1975) was a female Polish artist.
She was born in Warsaw and was the wife of Antoni Słonimski.
In 1932 she won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for her woodcut "Narciarze" ("Skier").

</doc>
<doc id="19951250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951250" title="Agaskodo Teliverek">
Agaskodo Teliverek

Agaskodo Teliverek (meaning rearing stallions in Hungarian) were a London based quartet. Their extremely unconventional merging of various musical genres made Agaskodo’s music hard to classify, producing music that they called ‘Psycho Goulash’. 
“Pairing electro-noisy randomness and drums with crystal clear finger noodling worthy of The Shadows sounds as weirdly inappropriate now as it did when Agaskodo Teliverek first showed up in London with their 118-118 sports kits.” 
The final line-up of the band was Miklos ‘Miki’ Kemecsi (guitar) Tamas ‘Tomi’ Szabo (guitar) Hiroe Takei (vocals and keyboard) and Thomas Fuglesång (drums).
Miki began his musical career performing frantic electronic music as a one man band named The Accountant, first appearing on one of Seed records Aldwych tube station gigs alongside Ceefax Acid Crew and Aphex Twin. He also toured in Europe with 19-t records (Japan) and U.K. based breakcore label Adaadat.
After his music started to incorporate the electric guitar more frequently Miki expanded the band by the addition of Tomi on guitar and Agaskodo Teliverek was born.
The self-titled debut album was released on Adaadat records in October 2006 with guest performances by Man From Uranus, David Firth, Amit Lissack, The Rebel, Mc Big Cheese and Max Tundra. The album cover and inlay features deranged looking fat cats painted by Miki Kemecsi.
Late 2007 Hiroe Takei joined the band on vocals and keytar, and they performed on BBC Electric Proms John Peel Night as support act for Siouxsie Sioux. In 2007 Giorgio Pona and Gigi Piscitelli offered to produce and manage their second album “Psycho Goulash”. The album was recorded with two different drummers, Pharaoh S. Russell (The Noisettes, Emillina Torrini, Jeremy Warmsley) and Thomas R. Fuglesang of Infants and Gum Takes Tooth.
When playing live, they wore tight-fitting football uniforms and occasionally brought a troupe of burlesque dancers, guest performers and people dressed as zebras to join the performance.
The band played in Europe but mainly in the UK and in France alongside acts like Lightning Bolt, Trencher, DJ Scotch Egg, Foetus, Max Tundra, The Mae Shi, Kap Bambino, Les Georges Leningrad, Fuck Buttons, gay against you and Rolo Tomassi.
In May 2008 they performed as Damo Suzuki’s (Can) backing band with M.F.U. and Skeletons And The Kings of All Cities at Dalstons Bardens Boudoir.
Discography.
Collaborators.
Max Tundra, Man From Uranus, David Firth, The Rebel, Amit Lissack, Damo Suzuki, MC Big Cheese

</doc>
<doc id="19951295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951295" title="Hilltop Manor (Bladensburg, Maryland)">
Hilltop Manor (Bladensburg, Maryland)

Hilltop Manor is an historic apartment complex located in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland. The complex consists of eight brick garden apartment buildings, each of which is divided into two to six units or sections, constructed in 1942 and 1943. 
The structures exhibit characteristics of both the Colonial Revival and Moderne style, reflecting an architectural transition between the traditional elements of the Colonial Revival style and the streamlined features of the Moderne style.
The complex consists of 150 apartments interspersed among eight buildings with 32 units. Each unit contains between four and eight apartments, with the exception of one unit, 5210 53rd Place, which consists of only three apartments. In all, there are five apartment layouts with varying numbers of bedrooms. The majority of the apartments (122) have one bedroom. The remaining apartments consist of two-bedroom apartments; there is one three-bedroom basement apartment. The five basic apartment types, excluding the one three-bedroom apartment, consist of one-bedroom apartments with eat-in kitchens; one-bedroom apartments with separate dining rooms; L-shaped one-bedroom apartments; two-bedroom apartments; and duplex apartments. Despite minor renovations, the interior configurations of the apartments have remained intact.
It was one of the first garden-apartment complexes constructed in the county as a result of the population increase of the Washington metropolitan area during World War II. Hilltop Manor was financed under Section 608 Title VI of the National Housing Act, the primary vehicle for World War II Defense Housing and Federal Housing Administration (FHA) financing. Thus, Hilltop Manor, intended as permanent housing, illustrates the size, scale, and design of garden-apartment complexes constructed during World War II, which was often characterized by temporary housing developments. Hilltop Manor, surrounded by the established streetcar suburb of Defense Heights and adjacent to the new Bladensburg Elementary School, was an alternative to the single-family dwellings in the area and was ideal for young middle-class families. Its location along Defense Highway, which opened in 1927, heightened convenience to Washington, D.C. It is one of the first garden-apartment complexes designed by accomplished local architects Ross & Walton.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19951296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951296" title="KMST">
KMST

KMST may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19951304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951304" title="The Mirror Foundation">
The Mirror Foundation

The Mirror Foundation, formerly known as Mirror Art Group, is a non-government organization based in northern Thailand in the Chiang Rai Province's sub-district of Mae Yao. The organization's aim is to help the hill tribe people around the area with issues such as citizenship, drug abuse, erosion of culture and the trafficking of women and children through several projects. Founded in 1991, the Foundation has for over 15 years worked to promote the rights of the hilltribes. With its bannok.com website, it has recruited local volunteers and donations to help out at the hilltribe villages. 
The organization and its website, which is among "the most popular" in Thailand according to the 2006 book "Empowering Marginal Communities with Information Networking", are cited as an example of the effective use of the Internet to "facilitate indigenous peoples' access to the political arena and...raise awareness about indigenous peoples' issues at the national level." The 2001 book "Towards Financial Self-reliance: A Handbook on Resource Mobilization for Civil Society Organizations in the South" offered the organization as a case study in mobilizing resources for community development through the internet.
Projects.
Ongoing projects of the Foundation include helping to mediate the process of applying for Thai Citizenship between the hilltribe people and the government. attempting to locate and re-unite missing persons—many of whom are victims of human trafficking—with their loved ones, and raising awareness of such trafficking. The Project to Combat Trafficking in Women and Children helps educate the public about issues related to trafficking, including raising public awareness that giving money to child beggars may fuel crime, as many of the child beggar operations are conducted by people who exploit the children for their own gains. The Foundation also runs an ICT Project, which teaches computing skills to local hilltribes around the Chiang Rai region and also to the people affected by the tsunami in late 2004. The Foundation also runs The Hilltribe Life and Cultural Centre at Ban Jalae and the Virtual Hilltribe Museum at www.hilltribe.org, which combined serve as vessels to preserve the culture of the hilltribes for future generations.
The Foundations website, in addition to providing information about the Foundation and the issues it seeks to address, also serves as an outlet for hilltribes people around the area to sell their arts and crafts online.
Past projects of the Foundation have included the Tsunami Volunteer Centre (TVC), which was set up in 2005 in collaboration with the Thai Health Promotion Foundation in Phang Nga to help with the relief and rebuilding efforts in support of the people and area affected by the Tsunami in late 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19951323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951323" title="Eloá Pimentel hostage crisis">
Eloá Pimentel hostage crisis

Eloá Pimentel hostage crisis refers to the kidnapping, hostage situation and murder of Brazilian 15-year-old girl Eloá Cristina Pimentel in October 13, 2008, which was accompanied by the shooting of her friend Nayara Silva, both committed by Eloá's ex-boyfriend Lindemberg Alves. The incident received major media exposure not only because of the shootings, but also because of the mistakes committed by the police of São Paulo, and also because Eloá was held as a hostage for 100 hours – the longest kidnapping ever registered in the state of São Paulo. The trial of Alves started on February 13, 2012, exactly three years and four months after the crime.
The kidnapping.
On October 13, 2008, Eloá Pimentel, Nayara da Silva and two friends were working on a school project, when Eloá's 22-year-old ex-boyfriend, Lidemberg Fernandes Alves, broke into her apartment in Santo André, holding a pistol. He soon released the two boys, but held Eloá and Nayara. The GATE (Grupo de Ações Táticas Especiais, or "Special Tactical Actions Group") closely followed the situation. On October 16, da Silva was eventually released by Alves, but she offered to return to the apartment, to try to negotiate with the kidnapper. After she entered the apartment, she was held hostage again. Hours later, shots were heard coming from the apartment, and the GATE decided to storm in the apartment. They eventually stopped and immobilized him, but not before he could put two bullets in Eloá (one in the head and other in the groin), and one in Nayara's face.
Eloá, severely wounded, was taken to the hospital, but was brain dead due to brain damage and died on October 18, at 23:30.
Aftermath.
The body of Eloá Pimentel was buried in the Jardim Santo André cemetery, in Santo André, and the ceremony was attended by ten thousand people. Her heart, lungs, liver, pancreas, kidneys and cornea were donated, which will benefit seven people. It was later discovered that Eloá's father, Everaldo Pereira dos Santos, was suspect of murdering two people in the state of Alagoas. Everaldo Pereira dos Santos ran away during the incident but was captured on December 28, 2009, in Maceió.
The trial of Lindemberg Alves Fernandes lasted 4 days, from February 13 to February 16, 2012. He was found guilty of all 12 crimes he committed, and condemned to 98 years and 10 months of imprisonment. Brazilian law, however, limits the penalty time to 30 years.
Controversy.
The incident was widely commented because of the mistakes committed by the police, especially the fact that they allowed Nayara to return to the apartment. Marcos do Val, a Brazilian instructor of the SWAT, pointed out other mistakes, such as allowing the kidnapping to last for so many days, not shooting Lidemberg with a Sniper, taking too long to storm into the apartment after the explosion of the door, and not using the back door or the windows.

</doc>
<doc id="19951334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951334" title="Sejad Halilović">
Sejad Halilović

Halilović is one of the coaches in Dinamo Zagreb's youth.
Personal life.
His son, Alen Halilović, plays for Dinamo Zagreb and is considered to be one of the greatest talents in European football. 
His second son, Dino Halilović, plays for Dinamo Zagreb's youth team. He was born on 8 February 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19951336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951336" title="Jorge Bartero">
Jorge Bartero

Jorge Osvaldo Bartero (born December 28, 1957 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine football goalkeeper. He played for a number of clubs in Argentina.
In 1987, he was a reserve goalkeeper in the Argentina that participated in the Copa América.
Bartero spent the majority of his career with Vélez Sársfield, he also played in the Argentine Primera with Unión de Santa Fe and Racing Club de Avellaneda. Towards the end of his career he played in the Argentine 2nd division with Deportivo Italiano and Chacarita Juniors.
He currently works as a goalkeeping coach in Vélez Sársfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19951375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951375" title="Joseph Golinkin">
Joseph Golinkin

Joseph Webster Golinkin (September 10, 1896 – September 8, 1977) was an American artist as well as a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.
Biography.
Joseph Webster Golinkin was in the Navy until the year of 1922. He then resigned in order to follow his dream of becoming an artist. Although he resigned from the Navy, he was still considered to be in the active reserve as a Lieutenant Commander. He also lived in New York City, New York. Joseph Golinkin was reactivated into the Navy in the year of 1938. He eventually retired from the Navy in the year of 1958. He go to the ranking of Rear Admiral. 
Education.
Joseph Webster Golinkin received his education at the Art Institute of Chicago. He then entered the United Sates Naval Academy. After his graduation, he was commissioned as an Ensign and was deployed to serve in World War I. Golinkin studied under Ash Can school artist, George Luks.
Career.
Joseph Webster Golinkin was successful in pursuing the occupations of being a painter, printmaker, naval officer, politician, environmentalist, and philanthropist. As an artist, Golinkin worked with various medias that included painting, watercolor, and lithography. His work typically revolves around New York scenes, sporting events, and depictions of American life in the 1920s and 1930s. There were a few published books that featured his art as well. Golinkin had began his career during the time when newspapers were still using artists as illustrators. The newspapers that featured his illustrations include New York Times, Vanity Fair, Fortune, Country Life, and other publications as well. 
Success.
He won a gold medal in the prints category at the art competitions at the 1932 Summer Olympics for his "Leg Scissors". He was awarded a Bronze Star while he served in World War II. 

</doc>
<doc id="19951408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951408" title="David McCord Wright">
David McCord Wright

David McCord Wright (1909–1968) was an American economist and educator at the University of Georgia. He was a graduate of Harvard University.
Personal.
Wright was born in Savannah, Georgia. He married Caroline Noble Jones and had three children: Anna, Antony and Peter.
Professional.
Teaching.
Wright was an economics professor at the University of Virginia; he also served as an advisor to the U.S. Federal government. Wright took a professorship at the University of Georgia’s Terry College of Business from 1962 until his death in 1968. The Economics Department sponsors the annual David McCord Wright Lecture.
Some of Wright’s students are former U.S. Senator Phil Gramm, Ronald Reagan's Budget Director Jim Miller and the former Dallas Federal Reserve chief Bob McTeer. McTeer recalls his teacher repeating the lesson, “Growth comes through change and causes change.” McTeer’s 2000 Wright Lecture memorialized both Wright’s teachings and life.
Books.
Wright published many articles and books during his life. Some of them are "The Keynesian System," (ISBN 978-0-313-24090-4), which was part four of "The Miller Lectures," "The Trouble with Marx" in 1967 and "Democracy and Progress" in 1948. In "The Trouble With Marx", Dr. Wright foretold 
the decline and fall of the Soviet system. His critical analysis explained how the inherent rigidity of central planning and command economies
of Marxist-Leninist regimes inhibit economic growth by suppressing the essential quality needed for growth: change which fosters further
growth. "The Trouble with Marx" was also used his Comparative Economic Systems course which he taught in summer sessions at the Naval
War College at Newport, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19951427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951427" title="Big Sonic Heaven">
Big Sonic Heaven

Big Sonic Heaven is a music program and blog created, hosted and produced by Darren Revell. 
The first chapter of Big Sonic Heaven had an eight-year run from 1995-2003 on 96.3 FM in Detroit, Michigan. Big Sonic Heaven aired every Sunday evening for four hours and featured shoegaze, dream pop, trip-hop, Britpop, and electronic by bands such as Cocteau Twins, My Bloody Valentine, Dead Can Dance, Portishead (band), Depeche Mode, Ride, Slowdive, The Cure, Hooverphonic, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and The Smiths to name a few.
Additionally, Revell was instrumental in providing local talent with a radio presence. Revell made a significant impact in Detroit with the program, as there were very few radio shows that catered to this genre and its fans.
Revell revived Big Sonic Heaven on Indie 103.1 in Los Angeles, California in January 2007. The two-hour program aired Mondays through Wednesdays at 10pm. On January 15, 2009, Indie 103.1 went off the air.
On Sunday Sept 12, 2010 Big Sonic Heaven returned to the airwaves via the Internet on Strangeways Radio out of Detroit. The show aired from 9-11PM EST every Sunday night.
The next home for Big Sonic Heaven after Strangeways Radio was Los Angeles based Moheak Radio where Revell was the music director and hosted Big Sonic Heaven twice a week from mid-2010 to September of 2012.
Big Sonic Heaven once again returned on May 12th, 2013, where Revell launched bigsonicheaven.com. Big Sonic Heaven can be currently heard at the new site through a weekly podcast posted every Sunday.
External links.
bigsonicheaven.com<br>
facebook.com/bigsonicheaven<br>
twitter.com/bigsonicheaven<br>
Google+<br>
soundcloud.com/bigsonicheaven

</doc>
<doc id="19951429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951429" title="Osaka Kun-ei Women's College">
Osaka Kun-ei Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="19951475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951475" title="¿Qué voy a hacer sin ti?">
¿Qué voy a hacer sin ti?

"¿Qué voy a hacer sin ti?" (, "What Am I Going to Do Without You?") was the Spanish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Spanish by Mikel Herzog. Herzog was also the lyricist of the song, with Alberto Estébanez writing the music.
On the night of the contest, held in Birmingham, the United Kingdom, the song was performed 4th, following France's Marie Line with "Où aller" and preceding Switzerland's Gunvor Guggisberg with "Lass' ihn". The song received 21 points, placing 16th in a field of 25.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1999 contest by Lydia with "No quiero escuchar".

</doc>
<doc id="19951521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951521" title="S-40503">
S-40503

S-40503 is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed by the Japanese company Kaken Pharmaceuticals, which was developed for the treatment of osteoporosis. SARMs are a new class of drugs which produce tissue-specific anabolic effects in some tissues such as muscle and bone, but without stimulating androgen receptors in other tissues such as in the prostate gland, thus avoiding side effects such as benign prostatic hypertrophy which can occur following treatment with unselective androgens like testosterone or anabolic steroids. 
S-40503 is a SARM that shows good functional selectivity for bone tissue, and has relatively little effect on muscle mass and no observable effect on the prostate gland. In animal studies it was shown to increase both bone mineral density and biomechanical strength of femoral cortical bone, and at low doses showed anabolic effects only on bone tissue, while at higher doses both bone and muscle growth were affected, yet prostate gland enlargement was not seen at any dose tested. The lack of virilizing effects means that S-40503 may even be suitable for use in women, which would be a substantial advantage over existing drugs as women tend to be more likely to suffer from osteoporosis, and are generally contraindicated from taking anabolic steroids due to the risk of side effects such as masculinisation and hirsutism. Since these promising initial studies, no further data about S-40503 has been published by Kaken, and it is thought that rather than being developed for human use itself, S-40503 may be more likely to be used as a lead compound for the development of novel derivatives with similar bone anabolic effects, but longer "in vivo" half-life and better bioavailability.
Selective androgen receptor modulators may also be used by athletes to assist in training and increase physical stamina and fitness, potentially producing effects similar to anabolic steroids but with significantly less side effects. For this reason, SARMs have already been banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency since January 2008 despite no drugs from this class yet being in clinical use, and blood tests for all known SARMs are currently being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19951532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951532" title="Why Tell Me Why">
Why Tell Me Why

"Why Tell Me Why" is a 1981 song performed by Dutch singer Anita Meyer and it is one of her most notable songs. The song was composed by Piet Souer and produced by Martin Duiser. It charted for 14 weeks.
Other versions and remixes.
The single has been remixed twice, first in 2009 by Offer Nissim and in 2011 by Dutch DJ Gailliano (with Meyer getting credit in the latter). The song is also sampled heavily in DJ F.R.A.N.K's single "Discotex (Yep!)," which reached number one on Belgium's Ultratop 50 chart in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19951534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951534" title="List of delisted National Register of Historic Places properties">
List of delisted National Register of Historic Places properties

This is an incomplete list of properties once listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) which have since been delisted. There are about 1500 such instances in total. Also included is an intended-to-become complete list of former National Historic Landmarks (NHLs) which were de-designated as NHLs, of which some were delisted while others remain listed on the NRHP. There are approximately 30 such de-designations.
Places are listed on the NRHP originally for their historical merit. They may be important for their architecture, for their association with events and historically important persons, and for other reasons. Places of exceptional merit may further be designated National Historic Landmarks.
Delistings occur relatively rarely, usually when the historic integrity of a site has been lost by demolition, fire, vandalism, or other causes.
There are about 1500 such instances in total reflected in the NRIS database.
It is also necessary for the National Park Service, which maintains the National Register, to become aware of the situation. In 2008, a large number of Mississippi properties were delisted after buildings were destroyed by Hurricane Katrina, while there was not a corresponding flurry of delistings in Louisiana, perhaps due to differences in state historical offices' budgets and priorities. There are other instances of buildings being demolished but still being listed, apparently only due to no official notice of the demolition being recognized. These include several properties at Cornell University.
Delisted properties.
The locations of delisted National Register properties (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates". Delisted properties include:
Former NHLs de-designated and delisted from the NRHP.
There are three known sites that were de-designated and delisted.
NHL designation withdrawn, although NRHP listing kept.
There are at least three sites that had their National Historic Landmark status withdrawn, while retaining NRHP listing.

</doc>
<doc id="19951555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951555" title="Ken Koblun">
Ken Koblun

Ken Koblun (born May 7, 1946 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian musician best known for his work with Neil Young, performing with Young in The Jades, The Squires, the Stardusters, and briefly with Buffalo Springfield. He replaced Comrie Smith in 3's a Crowd and played with the band from 1966 to 1967.
Early years.
Koblun began his music career as the bassist for the Squires, a teen band formed by Young in the early 60's out of Earl Grey Junior High. After the band broke up, Koblun found work playing bass for various folk musicians. When Stephen Stills and Richie Furay were seeking to start a rock band in Los Angeles a few months after Koblun had taken a trip to New York City in 1965, they couldn't find Young but did succeed in locating Koblun, whom they convinced to come to California to join the group. However, he stayed for only a few days before deciding to return to Canada where he joined up with 3's a Crowd. In January 1967, a replacement was needed for Bruce Palmer, who was fighting possible deportation. Koblun only played with them for about a month before the band decided his personality was undesirable and his bass playing not as good as they anticipated. During that time he did appear in one of the few film clips of the band, doing lip synchronization to "Sit Down, I Think I Love You" on the television show "Where The Action Is". Koblun did not record with the band, but Young's epic "Broken Arrow" is dedicated to Koblun in the sleeve notes of Buffalo Springfield Again.
Koblun appeared on the 3's a Crowd album "Christopher's Movie Matinee".
He has worked with various musicians such as, Richie Furay, Stephen Stills, Dewey Martin, Donna Warner, David Wiffen, Trevor Veitch, Brent Titcomb, and Richard Patterson.

</doc>
<doc id="19951566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951566" title="Unutamazsın">
Unutamazsın

"Unutamazsın" () was the Turkish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Turkish by Tüzmen.
On the night of the contest, held in Birmingham, the United Kingdom, the song was performed 24th, following Estonia's Koit Toome with "Mere lapsed" and preceding Macedonia's Vlado Janevski with "Ne zori, zoro". The song received 25 points, placing 14th in a field of 25. A documentary on BBC One showing behind the scenes of the contest, featured Tüzmen trying to keep the song within the three minutes limit in rehearsals. After each attempt he called over to the stagehand for the time and was usually 12 or 15 seconds over the limit, before eventually getting it just under the limit.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1999 contest by Tuğba Önal with "Dön Artık".

</doc>
<doc id="19951714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951714" title="San Nicolás, Chile">
San Nicolás, Chile

San Nicolás is a Chilean town and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, San Nicolás spans an area of and has 9,741 inhabitants (5,032 men and 4,709 women). Of these, 3,428 (35.2%) lived in urban areas and 6,313 (64.8%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 2.6% (246 persons).
Administration.
As a commune, San Nicolás is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Víctor Ramón Toro Leiva (PDC).The municipal council has the following members:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, San Nicolás is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Ránquil, Quillón, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19951734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951734" title="Duskyshoulder trevally">
Duskyshoulder trevally

The duskyshoulder trevally, "Carangoides humerosus" (also known as the epaulet trevally), is a species of small inshore marine fish in the jack family, Carangidae. The duskyshoulder trevally is distributed through the eastern Indian and western Pacific Oceans, ranging from eastern India to northern Australia and Taiwan. It is relatively small by carangid standards, reaching only 27 cm maximum length, and can be distinguished by the large black blotches on its shoulders. The duskyshoulder trevally is an inshore fish living in waters less than 50 m deep, over sandy substrates in bays and on the continental shelf. It is a predatory fish, taking demersal fishes, crustaceans and cephalopods, with nothing known of its reproductive habits. It is of little value to fisheries, often taken as bycatch in prawn trawling operations.
Taxonomy and naming.
The duskyshoulder trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, itself part the order Perciformes, in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first scientifically described by the Australian ichthyologist Alan Riverstone McCulloch in 1915 based on the holotype specimen taken from Bustard Head in Queensland, Australia. He named the species "Caranx humerosus", with the specific epithet literally meaning "having shoulders" in reference to the species prominent dark shoulder colouring. The species was later transferred to the genus "Carangoides", where it has remained to this day. The species has not been redescribed under another name, which is rare amongst the Carangidae. The common name of 'duskyshoulder trevally ' refers to the prominent shoulder markers, as does the name 'epaulet trevally'.
Description.
The duskyshoulder trevally is one of the smallest fish in the genus "Carangoides", reaching only 27 cm in length. The species is similar to other jacks in its overall body profile, having a compressed ovate to oblong shape, with the dorsal profile more convex than the ventral profile. The head profile is gently sloping and slightly convex, with large males having a distinct bulge that is absent in females and juveniles of both sexes. Both of the jaws contain anteriorly widening bands of small villiform teeth, with older individuals also having a number of larger outer teeth. There are two separate dorsal fins, the first consisting of 8 spines and the second of 1 spine and 20 to 22 soft rays. The anal fin comprises two detached anterior spines, followed by 1 spine and 17 to 19 soft rays. The lobe of the soft dorsal fin is falcate, being about the same length as the head. The pelvic fin consists of 1 spine and 18 or 19 soft rays. The lateral line is moderately curved anteriorly, with the curve having 62 to 72 scales present on it, while the straight section contains 3 to 8 scales and 24 to 32 scutes. The breast of the duskyshoulder trevally is scaleless, extending up to behind the pelvic fin origin and laterally to the pectoral fin base. There are 6 to 10 gill rakers on the first arch and 16 to 20 on the second arch, and the species has 24 vertebrae.
The duskyshoulder trevally is a dusky green colour above, fading to silver below, with adults and juveniles often having 5 or 6 dark broad cross bars running vertically down their body. There is a large black spot usually present on the shoulder, with smaller dark spots on the operculum and pectoral fin axil. The soft dorsal, anal and caudal fins are dusky, with the spinous dorsal fin black. The pectoral and pelvic fins are hyaline to white in colour.
Distribution and habitat.
The duskyshoulder trevally inhabits the tropical and subtropical regions of the eastern Indian Ocean and west Pacific Ocean, recorded only from the coastlines of India, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, northern Australia and possibly Taiwan. The species probably inhabits more island nations in the region, but due to inadequate sampling has not been recorded.
The species lives in waters shallower than 50 m, generally inhabiting the sandy substrates and reefs of the continental shelf, also venturing into bays and inhabiting beaches and mangrove-lined creeks.
Biology and fishery.
The duskyshoulder trevally is poorly studied in most aspects of its biology with the exception of its diet. It is a benthic predator, with studies in the Gulf of Carpentaria, Australia indicating it preys mostly on various species of small teleost fish and crustaceans, with particular preference for brachyurans. Other less common prey taken includes penaeid prawns, other crustaceans, molluscs and cephalopods. Nothing is known of the movements or reproduction in the species.
The duskyshoulder trevally is of little importance to either commercial fisheries or anglers, but is commonly taken as bycatch in other trawl related fisheries, especially the northern Australian prawn fishery. It is mostly discarded when taken, rarely sold at market.

</doc>
<doc id="19951735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951735" title="Nifiloli">
Nifiloli

Nifiloli is an island in the Reef Islands (Latitude: 10° 10' 60 S, Longitude: 166° 13' 60 E), in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. Despite its location in Melanesia, the population of the islands is Polynesian.
The language spoken on Nifiloli is Pileni language.

</doc>
<doc id="19951757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951757" title="Reactive flash volatilization">
Reactive flash volatilization

Reactive flash volatilization (RFV) is a chemical process that rapidly converts nonvolatile solids and liquids to volatile compounds by thermal decomposition for integration with catalytic chemistries.
Chemistry.
The utilization of heavy fossil fuels or biomass rich in carbohydrates, (C6H10O5)n, for fuels or chemicals requires an initial thermochemical process called pyrolysis which fractures large polymers to mixtures of small volatile orgranic compounds (VOCs). A specific method of pyrolysis of biomass, termed "fast pyrolysis," converts particles of biomass to about 10% carbon-rich solid called char, about 15% gases such as carbon dioxide, and about 70% a mixture of organic compounds commonly referred to as "bio-oil" at 500 °C in 1–2 seconds. [http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi=B6TFJ-4728F81-1&_user=10&_coverDate=03%2F15%2F2003&_alid=813007377&_rdoc=1&_fmt=high&_orig=search&_cdi=5228&_sort=d&_docanchor=&view=c&_ct=1&_acct=C000050221&_version=1&_urlVersion=0&_userid=10&md5=d9d9d30e965deff86b8334e97156a0b0]
Pyrolysis: Biomass + Heat → 0.70VOCs + 0.10Char + 0.15Gases
The volatile organics can be collected as a brown, highly acidic liquid for further thermochemical conversion by traditional processes such as steam reforming, gasification, catalytic partial oxidation, catalytic cracking, combustion, or hydrotreating. [http://pubs3.acs.org/acs/journals/doilookup?in_doi=10.1021/cr068360d]
Catalytic steam reforming: VOCs + H2O + Heat + Catalyst → H2 + CO + Catalyst
Catalytic partial oxidation: VOCs + O2 + Catalyst → H2 + CO + Heat + Catalyst
Catalytic combustion: VOCs + O2 + Catalyst → CO2 + H2O + Heat + Catalyst
These two sets of chemistries, pyrolysis and catalytic processing, are combined to form the reactive flash volatilization process. Solid hydrocarbons or biomass are contacted with high temperature (500–900 °C) catalysts to generate gases and volatile organic compounds. The volatile species flow into the catalyst with a reactant (H2, O2, or H2O) to convert to desirable products (H2, CO, H2O, CO2, or VOCs).
RFV: Biomass + heat + Reactant + Catalyst → Gases + VOCs + Reactant + Catalyst → Products + Catalyst
Discovery.
Reactive flash volatilization was demonstrated in 2006 in the journal "Science" by the high temperature (700–800 °C) conversion of soybean oil (triglycerides) and sugar (D-(+)-glucose) to synthesis gas (H2 + CO) and olefins (ethylene and propylene). Complete, continuous catalytic conversion of heavy fuels was surprising, because the initial pyrolytic chemistry has been shown to generate significant amounts of solid residue called "char" which was expected to block the necessary interaction between the reactant compounds and the solid metal catalyst. [http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi=B6TFJ-4728F81-1&_user=10&_coverDate=03%2F15%2F2003&_alid=812937801&_rdoc=1&_fmt=high&_orig=search&_cdi=5228&_sort=d&_docanchor=&view=c&_ct=1&_acct=C000050221&_version=1&_urlVersion=0&_userid=10&md5=8918a4d862d6ee673bb89901bf9b79f0] 
The process has been described, "The low volatility of these biofuel feedstocks not only leads to soot production when they are used directly in internal combustion engines but also causes them to coat industrial catalysts with a deactivating layer of carbon, thus hindering their conversion to lighter products. James Richard Salge and colleagues show that if heavy fuels such as soybean oil or biodiesel are sprayed onto hot rhodium-cerium catalysts as fine droplets in the presence of oxygen, the fuels can self-heat and fully react to form hydrogen without carbon formation and catalyst deactivation."
RFV: Triglyceride + O2 + Catalyst → Ethylene + Propylene + CO2 + H2O + Catalyst
The process converted 70% of the atomic hydrogen in soy-oil triglycerides to molecular H2, and 60% of atomic carbon to carbon monoxide on a Rh-based catalyst with Cerium supported on alpha-alumina. Under different operating conditions, the process can produce a significant amount of ethylene and propylene.
The first demonstration of reactive flash volatilization occurred by a series of experimental steps:
An initial supply of heat is necessary to achieve temperatures of 300 °C, after which the reaction initiates, or "lights off," and quickly rises to temperatures of 700–800 °C. Under steady conditions, the reaction generates sufficient heat to maintain the high temperature, extremely fast chemistry. The total time for conversion of heavy, nonvolatile compounds to volatile or gaseous species occurs in milliseconds (or thousandths of a second). [http://www1.umn.edu/umnnews/Feature_Stories/Fuel_in_a_flash.html#]
Application to Solid Biomass.
Reactive flash volatilization of solid particles composed of cellulose, starch, lignin, Quaking Aspen ("Populus tremuloides") wood chips, and polyethylene was demonstrated in 2007 in the scientific journal "Angewandte Chemie". Particles of cellulose were completely converted to syngas (H2 and CO) and combustion products (H2O and CO2) in as little as 30 milliseconds. Catalytic reforming of all materials occurred without the requirement of an external heat source while operating at 500–900 °C. Under optimal conditions, 50% of all atomic hydrogen and 50% of all atomic carbon can be converted to molecular H2 and carbon monoxide in as little time as 30 milliseconds. Reaction chemistry was demonstrated on both a Rh-Ce/alumina catalyst and a Ni-Ce/alumina catalyst.
A publication in the scientific journal "Green Chemistry" demonstrated that the process of reactive flash volatilization can be considered a combination of several other global chemistries occurring through thermal and chemical integration. As shown in the diagram at the right, the initial pyrolysis chemistry occurs when the biomass particle (green) physically contacts the hot catalyst (orange). Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) flow into the catalyst with oxygen, adsorb on Rh atoms, and react to form combustion products (H2O and CO2) and syngas (H2 and CO). After this initial chemistry, three main global reactions occur. Combustion products react catalytically with syngas by the water-gas shift reaction. Also, volatile organics react catalytically with steam (H2O) to form new combustion products and syngas. Finally, the volatile organics can crack homogeneously in the gas phase to form smaller volatile organics.
The operating temperature has been shown to vary within the catalyst length while also being a strong function of the biomass-to-oxygen ratio. An experimental examination has shown that the heat required to thermally fracture biomass was generated within the catalyst bed by surface oxidation reactions. The temperature profile (and reaction temperature) was shown to be extremely important to prevent the formation of carbon at equilibrium. Very fast conversion has been attributed to high operating temperatures, but the maximum cellulose processing rate has not been determined. However, catalytic partial oxidation of volatile organic compounds has shown that complete conversion can occur in less than 10 milliseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19951823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951823" title="Saintfield Baptist Church">
Saintfield Baptist Church

Saintfield Baptist Church is an Evangelical Christian church located in Saintfield, Ballynahinch, situated in Northern Ireland, affiliated with the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland.
History.
During the summer 1987 Baptist Missions sent a team of workers into Saintfield to engage in evangelism with a view to planting a new Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland church. A team of Cecil Johnstone, Stanley Black, Evan Williams, Desmond Creelman, Alan Wilson and Sam Best, with Pastor Jim Henry as leader. The door to door visitation was well received in most homes during the first few weeks and at this time the Baptist Mission team decided to call a meeting of all the people in the area who were interested in the formation of a Baptist church.
On 4 June 1987 after notifying all the local Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland churches a meeting was held in Wilfred and Margaret Reid's house to discuss the possibility of establishing a Baptist church in Saintfield and to find out how many local Baptists were interested in the work. Pastor Derek Baxter spoke on the ‘Power of God’ after which those gathered had a time of prayer concentrating on the work in the Saintfield area.
The Baptist Mission team continued with their visitation in the town and for two weeks from 26 July to 8 August a mission was held in a tent on Listooder Road, in a field granted by Robert McBriar. Pastor Jim Henry was the speaker at the Gospel meetings while Pastor Jim Garrett took the Children’s Meetings each afternoon during the mission. Many people from local churches also helped in the mission by playing the organ, testifying and singing. The meetings were well attended and at the end of the mission five people were known to become Christians and one backslider was restored.
As a follow up to the mission, meetings for Bible study and prayer were organised every Thursday night in the Billy and Dorothy Lawther's house. On most nights a group of about 20 met and heard Pastor Jim Henry speak on “The Greatness of Jesus” while the prayer theme again was the work in Saintfield. On the 27 August, Pastor Derek Baxter and Pastor Jim Smyth attended the meeting to discuss the future of the work in Saintfield. Discussion took place on this topic after the prayer time and it was then agreed by the Lawther and Reid families to take the step of faith and form a Baptist fellowship. Wilfred Reid and William Lawther agreed to work as treasurer and secretary respectively.
The first meeting of the Saintfield Baptist Fellowship was held on Sunday 6 September 1987 at 7pm in the local Orange Hall and was taken by Pastor Jim Smyth. Stanley Black led the meeting and Andrea and Paula Shanks sang. Fifty eight people attended the service and this was a great encouragement to all concerned with the work. The fellowship was given a set of ‘Redemption’ hymn books by Millisle Baptist Church and everyone was delighted with this gift as it was the first item that actually belonged to Saintfield Baptist Fellowship.
On Wednesday 9 September 1987 the fellowship held the first Bible Study and Prayer meeting at 8pm in the Orange Hall. Eighteen people attended this meeting which was taken by Pastor Derek Baxter who began a series on “Problems on the Christian Pathway” and dealt that week with the subject of “Doubt”.
The work took another step forward on Wednesday 7 October 1987 at a meeting held after the prayer meeting. On that night Sam Dunn and David Kennedy indicated that they and their wives were committing themselves to the fellowship and about fifteen other people attended the meeting and showed a keen interest in the work. Pastor Baxter told them that Pastor Grant would be coming to visit the fellowship and would be bringing with him a cheque for £10000 towards purchasing a site. This money was a gift from the Southern Baptist Convention Foreign Mission Board and was sent by Dr Isam Ballenger. Everyone who was at the meeting that night felt a deeper assurance that the Lord was leading and guiding, not only by the financial support but also by those extra families who had committed themselves, and others who had expressed an interest in joining the fellowship.
The first youth fellowship meeting took place after the Sunday evening service in the Orange Hall on the 11 October. Stanley Black led the meeting to which 13 young people attended. After some light refreshments they all joined in chorus singing which was followed by the showing of a video entitled “Consider it all Joy” and after some discussion it was agreed to continue with these meetings each fortnight.
As all meetings continued to be well attended and more families had joined the fellowship it was decided to have a morning meeting also on Sunday. The first Sunday morning service was arranged for the 8 November but it was also decided to have a praise service to thank God for all that he had done for the fellowship. This was held on Friday 6 November at 8pm in the Orange Hall and over one hundred and forty people attended. Pastor Derek Baxter brought the message, while Pastor Jim Henry acted as chairman. Sandra Harpur, Ken Maxwell, Daybreak, Redemption Male Quartet and Stephen Corry all took part in the service praising God.
The first Sunday morning service was attended by over forty people and Pastor Henry was responsible for both services that day. The fellowship met round the Lord’s Table for the first time together, and used trays and plates supplied to them by the new Moira Church.
On Wednesday 2 December 1987 and 16 December, meetings were held after the time of prayer to decide on a date to form a church and to draw up a constitution. Pastor Baxter chaired the meetings and guided and advised the Fellowship on forming a church while help was also given by the rest of the Baptist Mission teamand to draw up a constitution. It was agreed by all to have the formation of the new church on Saturday 9 January at 7:30pm in the Orange Hall where Pastor Baxter would act as chairman and Pastor Henry would be the speaker. 25 people stated that they wished to become members of the Saintfield Baptist Church (16 who were members of other Baptist churches, 6 who were baptised but not members of a Baptist church and 3 who were not baptised; The 3 people desiring to be baptised were baptised in Comber Baptist Church at the Watchnight Service where Pastor Baxter baptised them and Pastor Garett was the speaker).
Following a preliminary approach by Baptist Missions to Reginald McClenaghan about buying some of his land for a site for a new church David Kennedy, Sam Dunn and Billy Lawther made a second approach on Wednesday 30 December and after a short time it became very clear to the 3 men that the hand of God was at work when McClenaghan and his wife indicated that they wanted the fellowship to buy the land. A verbal agreement was reached and when Kennedy closed in prayer all were conscious of the Lord’s presence. The news of this was received by other members of the Fellowship with much joy and thanksgiving to God.
Structure.
The building is and has been used by a number of other organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="19951850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951850" title="Les Scélérats">
Les Scélérats

Les Scélérats (English title: The Wretches) is a 1960 French drama film directed by Robert Hossein who co-stars with Michèle Morgan, Olivier Hussenot and Jacqueline Morane. It is also known as "The Blackguards".
Plot.
The film tells the story of an American couple (coming to in Paris after having lost their only child) and their maid.

</doc>
<doc id="19951872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951872" title="Tom Brock (singer)">
Tom Brock (singer)

Tom Brock (born Thomas Jackson Brocker) is an American soul singer, born in Los Angeles. Brock worked with Barry White on the 20th Century Records label in the 1970s. He wrote songs for Gloria Scott's 1974 album "What Am I Gonna Do?", including "A Case Of Too Much Love Makin". That same year he also released his one and only album, "I Love You More And More", which included a highly popular title track. The album was produced by White and Gene Page. The song "There's Nothing In This World That Can Stop Me From Loving You" was later sampled by producer Just Blaze for the single "Girls, Girls, Girls" on Jay-Z's album "The Blueprint". This led to renewed interest in Brock, and in 2003 the album was re-released on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19951890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951890" title="Fenualoa">
Fenualoa

Fenualoa is the second largest island in the Reef Islands, administratively located in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. At low tide, Fenualoa is connected to the neighboring island of Nifiloli to the north. The west side of the island is mainly sandy beaches facing the huge lagoon and the Great Reef. The east side is steep rocky cliffs with the deep Forest Passage separating Fenualoa from the largest island of the group Lomlom. The island is very densely populated with four main villages, each made up of a number of sub-villages and total approximately 1500 inhabitants (2008). These are all on the west side of the 8km by 600m long and thin island. The largest villages are Tuo (Tuwo), Maluba, Tanga and Malapu (running south to north). There are three schools on the island and the people are Melanesian. A few yachts (1 or 2 per year) visit the island by entering the huge lagoon through the Great Reef (the lagoon is approximately 25km east west by 8km north south). There is no scheduled transport to the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19951893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951893" title="Novas Bossas">
Novas Bossas

Novas Bossas is a studio album by Brazilian singer Milton Nascimento, released on 5 March 2008, recorded in partnership with the Jobim Trio, a group of musicians composed of Daniel Jobim (Antonio Carlos Jobim's grandson) on Piano, Paulo Jobim (son of Tom Jobim and Daniel's father) on guitar and Paulo Braga on drums and percussion, the last two being long-time Tom Jobim's collaborators.

</doc>
<doc id="19951900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951900" title="Innocent Loser">
Innocent Loser

Innocent Loser is the debut solo album by long-time Guns N' Roses associate Teddy Andreadis, released in 1996, under the name Teddy Andreas. The album features many guests, including then Guns N' Roses members Slash, Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum, and also Carole King, Pat Torpey (Mr. Big), Steve Lukather (Toto), Lanny Cordola (House of Lords), Chuck Wright (Quiet Riot) and Gregg Bissonette (David Lee Roth). 
Andreadis said of his album: ""We were going for a Little Feat vibe, New Orleans kind of stuff. You know, Dr. John, some Stones... Americana rock. But we're trying to keep it heavy, so that when you play it, it's something that hits you from the beginning and makes you want to stick around 'til the end.""

</doc>
<doc id="19951914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951914" title="Frühroter Veltliner">
Frühroter Veltliner

Frühroter Veltliner is a variety of early-ripening, red-skinned white wine grape grown primarily in the Weinviertel district of Lower Austria. It accounts for 1.3% of total Austrian vineyards and is diminishing.
Frühroter Veltliner is not at all related to Grüner Veltliner, but is a spontaneous cross between Roter Veltliner and Silvaner. It is not particularly demanding of its location and is resistant to both winter and late frosts. However, it ripens very early producing wines of neutral bouquet, high alcohol and somewhat low acidity.
It is rarely encountered in the Rheinhessen of Germany, in some older vineyards of Alto Adige in Italy, and in the Savoie of France.
Synonyms.
Austria: Früher Roter Veltliner, MalvasierFrance: Malvoisie Rouge d'ItalieGermany: Frühroter Malvasier, Roter MalvasierItaly: VeltlinerCzech: Veltlínské Červené RanéSlovak: Veltlínske Červené Skoré

</doc>
<doc id="19951978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951978" title="Roger Mobley">
Roger Mobley

Roger Lance Mobley (born January 16, 1949 in 
Evansville, Indiana) was a busy child actor in the 50's and 60's, making over 110 television appearances and co-starring in 9 feature films in his short 9 year career, before becoming a member of the Green Berets (46th Special Forces Co.) during the Vietnam War. He was later an Officer with the Police Department in Beaumont, Texas.
Background.
When Mobley was eight years old, he appeared as "Packy" Lambert on the NBC television series, "Fury", starring Peter Graves, Bobby Diamond, and William Fawcett.
In 1964, Walt Disney signed young Mobley to the title role in the highly acclaimed and Emmy- nominated "Adventures of Gallegher" serials for his "
Wonderful World of Color". Gallegher is an amateur sleuth newspaper reporter, a character created by the author Richard Harding Davis. Contrary to popular rumor, it is Mobley's name that Walt Disney wrote on his very last memo. (see Walt Disney's last memo YouTube)
After nine years and appearances in 118 television programs or feature films, Mobley's career was interrupted at the age of eighteen by military service. Mobley was quoted as having said, "Uncle Walt had plans for me, but so did Uncle Sam, and Uncle Sam won." 
Personal life.
Military background.
In 1968, Mobley was inducted into the United States Army. After boot camp at Fort Ord, California, he completed parachute jump training at Fort Benning, Georgia. He volunteered for the Special Forces training at the John F. Kennedy Center for Special Warfare at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. On completion of his training, Mobley was assigned to the 46th Special Forces Company (Airborne), 1st Special Forces Group. He returned to the United States in November 1970, upon his honorable discharge from the Army.
Upon returning to civilian life, Mobley found that he had no savings from his extensive work as a child actor. He and his bride, his childhood sweetheart, moved to Beaumont, Texas, where he joined the police department. He was also a Criminal Investigator for the Cities of Vidor and Jasper, Texas.
Besides law enforcement, Mobley worked many kinds of blue collar jobs, including pipefitter, longshoreman; welder; bull rider; lumberjack; milk delivery driver; Federal Express truck driver; prison guard; and lifeguard. He was a football/basketball coach at a private school in Beaumont. He is employed as a climber/inspector on wind turbine farms around the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="19951986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951986" title="The Routine (Oz episode)">
The Routine (Oz episode)

"The Routine" is the pilot and first episode of the television series "Oz". See also List of "Oz" (series) episodes.
Theme.
The events and narration of this episode are centered around the introduction of Oswald State Maximum Security Penitentiary.
Plot.
Narrator Augustus Hill (Harold Perrineau, Jr.) introduces the viewers to Oz and its experimental Cell Block E, commonly referred to as Emerald City, or Em City. The violence of Oz is demonstrated right away as new inmate Miguel Alvarez (Kirk Acevedo) is shanked before even being brought to a cell, while fellow new arrival Tobias Beecher (Lee Tergesen) is horrified by the incident. Both men had been assigned to Em City, and news of the violence startles Em City's idealistic unit manager, Tim McManus (Terry Kinney), even as he asks Warden Leo Glynn (Ernie Hudson) to allow the cannibalistic parent-killer Donald Groves (Sean Whitesell) to be brought to Em City as well. Glynn reluctantly agrees on the condition that drug dealer Paul Markstrom (O. L. Duke) similarly be brought there.
Correctional Officer (CO) Diane Whittlesey (Edie Falco) informs the new arrivals to Emerald City about the cell block's particular rules, and introduces the inmates to their "sponsors", inmates who at least nominally look after the new ones and make sure they integrate appropriately. Donald Groves is assigned the older, kindly Bob Rebadow (George Morfogen); Paul Markstram's sponsor is Jefferson Keane (Leon), a fellow homeboy; Tobias Beecher is given Dino Ortolani (Jon Seda). The last pair is immediately not a good match, as Beecher, a lawyer convicted of manslaughter and DWI, feels genuinely guilty about his crime and anxious about doing time in prison, whereas Ortolani is a seasoned mobster who makes clear that he doesn't want to babysit anyone.
Arnold "Poet" Jackson (muMs da Schemer), Oz's resident inmate street poet, gives an impassioned delivery during mealtime. As he finishes, Beecher tries to sit with Ortolani, but is refused. Instead, Bob Rebadow allows him to sit with him, but then offers the disturbing news that Beecher's wife Genevieve is thinking of divorcing him. Beecher asks why Rebadow knows who Genevieve is, and Rebadow very seriously replies that God told him, indicating he may have a history of such statements. Their conversation is interrupted when Warden Glynn announces that due to new state laws, cigarettes are now contraband in prisons, and all inmates' cigarettes will be confiscated. This provokes a riotous food fight.
At 5 pm count, Rebadow explains to Beecher that from 5 to 10 pm, they basically have nothing to do, and Beecher is further alarmed to find his cellmate Simon Adebisi (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) rifling through Beecher's possessions. Adebisi sexually threatens Beecher when he tries to stop it, and threatens Beecher later at bedtime.
The next mealtime, an unassuming-looking Vernon Schillinger (J. K. Simmons) approaches Beecher and says that if Adebisi is bothering him, all he has to do is ask Tim McManus to switch him to another pod, implying that Schillinger will gladly take Beecher into his own. Unfortunately, Beecher has been seriously duped, as Schillinger himself informs his new cellmate that, "Your ass belongs to me." Schillinger, though a white supremacist/neo-Nazi with, to say the least, conservative social values, has no qualms about taking advantage of Beecher. That night, he brands a swastika onto Beecher's backside.
On the following morning, there is much disagreement between McManus, Warden Glynn, and the COs about drug and cigarette policies, while McManus also complains about the corrupt and ruthless Governor Devlin. The new arrival of the day is Kareem Said (Eamonn Walker), a radical black Muslim leader convicted of arson. Although Glynn and McManus talk to Said personally, in order to make sure he doesn't cause problems in Em City (or gen pop, where he will go if he does cause problems). Said, however, proudly warns that 78% of the inmate population in Oz are "men of color" and there are 9 inmates to every CO, so they could take Oz at any time.
Dino Ortolani, meanwhile, is having frequent flashbacks to the events that led to his life-sentence for assault with a deadly weapon, and he has put in a request for a conjugal visit with his wife; all in all, he appears troubled about something. The viewers meet prison psychologist Sister Peter Marie Reimondo (Rita Moreno) as she gets the request authorized by McManus. As Kareem Said speaks to the other Muslim inmates in Em City, urging them to free themselves of drugs and other obstacles to following Allah, Ortolani looks on in bemusement; but when Vern Schillinger approaches him to say that the whites need to stick together against the Muslims, Ortolani resents Schillinger's implications.
Said's speech to the Muslims is interrupted by the homeboys' threatening approach; Simon Adebisi and Jefferson Keane both try to intimidate Said out of his anti-drug preaching, but to no avail.
Later that day, Ortolani finds out that the victim of his deadly weapons assault, Irish hoodlum Ryan O'Reily (Dean Winters) is coming to Oz, which only adds to Ortolani's discontent, but he tries to keep up his normally bold and swaggering persona— even as O'Reily appears in the cafeteria the next day.
O'Reily goes to meet Jefferson Keane in the kitchen and asks that a hit be made on Ortolani, but Keane says that his people "don't kill wiseguys." So O'Reily tries a different method, getting friendly with CO Mike Healy (Steve Ryan), a fellow Irish-American. Healy assures O'Reily that Ortolani is on self-destruct, which seems supplemented by how Ortolani gets into a bloody fight with a gay inmate in the shower, on dubious grounds at best. While in the infirmary, Ortolani tries to flirt with Dr. Gloria Nathan (Lauren Vélez); afterward, McManus reprimands Ortolani in his office, pointing out that if Ortolani continues to act up, he'll probably be killed by another inmate. Ortolani claims it doesn't matter because he's in prison for life anyway, but McManus tries to make Ortolani see that his life can have purpose anyway. His punishment for Ortolani is to assign Ortolani to work in the AIDS ward and deal with gay inmates, rather than get put in the hole. When Ortolani appeals to his boss Nino Schibetta (Tony Musante), he gets little sympathy. The one person similarly dissatisfied with McManus' choice is Dr. Nathan, who hates working with Ortolani because of how flirty he is, and who thinks McManus can't change people like Ortolani. Nonetheless, McManus successfully asks Dr. Nathan to dinner with him.
After another conversation in the kitchen, O'Reily finally manages to get Keane to agree to take out Ortolani, as Ortolani's victim in the shower was Keane's brother. Meanwhile, Schillinger congratulates Ortolani on attacking a gay inmate, but Ortolani is not interested in a neo-Nazi's opinions. He continues to brood, and continues to be of little help to the AIDS ward, mostly harassing his charge Sanchez about why he has AIDS. Sanchez reveals that he did heroin, and Ortolani says he never did heroin but dealt it, and Sanchez ironically suggests that maybe he got AIDS because of Ortolani. That doesn't go over well, and later, Ortolani angrily tells McManus that his job in the AIDS ward is not going to change him. McManus speaks to Sister Peter Marie and vindictively cancels Ortolani's conjugal visit, replacing it with a behind-the-glass visit between Ortolani and his immediate family. When Ortolani and his wife speak through the glass, he asks her to make sure she can take care of the kids, but she needs to go on with her life as though he were dead, which upsets her greatly.
During Ortolani's next round in the AIDS ward, Sanchez informs him that he wants to die, even pleading for Ortolani's assistance. Frustrated, Ortolani goes to the restroom, only to be accosted by Ryan O'Reily, who says he's coming to join "lasagna boy" in Em City, provoking Ortolani into a fight. That night, Ortolani removes Sanchez's oxygen mask and suffocates him. Dr. Nathan finds out too late, and Ortolani is thrown in the hole, strapped down to a cot and tranquilized. CO Mike Healy seems to have done the trick for O'Reily, because as Ortolani is sleeping, COs let one of Jefferson Keane's henchmen, Johnny Post (Tim McAdams), into Ortolani's cell. Post pours lighter fluid on Ortolani and lights him on fire with a match, burning him to death.
Deceased.
Emilio Sanchez- Killed by Dino Ortolani when he asked him to end his suffering.
Dino Ortolani- Burned alive by Johnny Post.

</doc>
<doc id="19951991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19951991" title="Patteson Shoal">
Patteson Shoal

Patteson Shoal is an outer reef in the Reef Islands, in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. It is located about 50 km northeast of Nupani. The shoal is named for John Coleridge Patteson.

</doc>
<doc id="19952031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952031" title="Buba Yohanna">
Buba Yohanna

Club career.
Buba has played for several clubs in Europe, including Altay S.K. in the Turkish Super Lig and S.C. Beira-Mar in the Portuguese Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="19952047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952047" title="Mageiras">
Mageiras

Mageiras () is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Sympoliteia, Achaea, Greece. It is located in the eastern foothills of the Panachaiko, 2 km south of Arravonitsa, 8 km southwest of Rododafni and 10 km west of Aigio. In 2001, it had a population of 93.
History.
Mageiras was founded between 1750 and 1770 by residents of the large village Tsetsevos which suffered from landslides at the time. Landslides also hit Mageiras in the 1930s. Mageiras was part of the municipality of Erineos from 1840 until 1912, of Myrovrysi until 1919 and of Aragozaina (Alsos) until 1924. Mageiras was an independent community until it became a part of the newly formed municipality of Sympoliteia in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19952051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952051" title="Makalom">
Makalom

Makalom is a small uninhabited island in the Reef Islands, in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.

</doc>
<doc id="19952065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952065" title="Werner J. A. Dahm">
Werner J. A. Dahm

Werner J.A. Dahm (born 1957) is the Director of the Security & Defense Systems Initiative (SDSI) at Arizona State University. He is also an ASU Foundation Professor of Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering at Arizona State University as well as an Emeritus Professor of Aerospace Engineering at the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19952071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952071" title="Krzysztof Zaleski">
Krzysztof Zaleski

Krzysztof Zaleski (September 3, 1948 – October 20, 2008) was a Polish theater director and cinema actor.
Zaleski was born in Świętochłowice, Poland, on September 3, 1948. He graduated from Warsaw University's Department of Polish Studies in 1971. He further completed his studies at the State Higher Theatre School in Warsaw in 1986.
He received numerous awards throughout his career for his work within the Warsaw theater community. In 2007, Zaleski was awarded the Feliks’ Award for his adaptation of series of short stories originally written by Marek Nowakowski.
Zaleski worked as the Director of Polish Radio Drama. Additionally, he served as the director of Director of Polish Radio 2 for the last 18 months of his life.
Krzysztof Zaleski died on October 20, 2008, in Warsaw at the age of 59 after a long illness. He was survived by his wife, Polish actress Maria Pakulnis, and their son.

</doc>
<doc id="19952110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952110" title="Casualties of the September 11 attacks">
Casualties of the September 11 attacks

The September 11 attacks resulted in 2,996 immediate (attack time) deaths: 2,977 victims and the 19 hijackers. A total of 372 foreign nationals (excluding the 19 perpetrators) perished in the attacks, representing just over 12% of the total. The immediate deaths include 246 victims on the four planes (from which there were no survivors), 2,606 in New York City in the World Trade Center and on the ground, and 125 at the Pentagon. About 292 people were killed at street level by burning debris and falling bodies of those who had jumped or fallen from the World Trade Center's windows. All the deaths in the attacks were civilians except for 55 military personnel killed at the Pentagon. Some immediate victims were not added to the list until years later.
More than 90 countries lost citizens in the attacks on the World Trade Center. Most of those who died were US citizens. The other countries with the highest losses are the United Kingdom (including the British overseas territory of Bermuda) with 67, the Dominican Republic with 47, and India with 41.
In 2007, the New York City medical examiner's office began to add people to the official death toll who died of illnesses caused by exposure to dust from the site. The first such victim was a woman who had died in February 2002 from a lung condition. In 2009, a man who died in 2008 was added, and in 2011 a man who died in 2010.
Additionally 1,140 workers have been diagnosed with cancer, caused by toxic smoke.
Evacuation.
At the time of the attacks, media reports suggested that tens of thousands might have been killed, as on any given day upwards of 100,000 people could be inside the towers. Estimates of the number of people in the Twin Towers when attacked on September 11, 2001 range between 14,000 and 19,000. NIST estimated that approximately 17,400 civilians were in the World Trade Center complex at the time of the September 11, 2001 attacks. Turnstile counts from the Port Authority indicate that the number of people typically in the Twin Towers by 10:30 am was 14,154.
In the moments after Flight 11 struck the North Tower, the roughly 8,000 people on the floors below the point of impact (the 93rd to 99th floors) were faced with a harrowing scenario. The towers of the World Trade Center complex had not been designed to facilitate a mass evacuation of everybody in the buildings, and in each tower there were only three narrow stairwells descending to the ground level. Many people began to evacuate via the stairs on their own, while others chose to wait for instructions from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Another hindrance to the evacuation of the World Trade Center was that as the planes struck, the force of the impact caused the buildings to shift enough to jam doors in their frames, trapping dozens of people throughout the building, mostly on the floors closer to the impact zone. As evacuees descended down the staircases in the North Tower, they were directed to descend to the concourse level beneath the World Trade Center complex, where the mall was located.
Within moments of Flight 11's impact, the Port Authority issued a complete evacuation of the North Tower. Meanwhile, in the South Tower, many people saw what had happened in the North Tower and chose to evacuate as a precaution. However, the major hindrance to this process was that for the seventeen minutes between the impacts of Flight 11 and Flight 175, it had not yet been determined that a terrorist attack was unfolding, and as a result the Port Authority in the South Tower spread the word via the building's intercom system and security guards for workers in the South Tower to remain in their offices.
This was done in order to avoid overcrowding on the plaza and concourse levels, which was feared would slow the evacuation and rescue operations in the North Tower. Regardless, thousands of people continued to evacuate the South Tower anyway. For example, in the uppermost section of the South Tower between the 78th Floor Sky Lobby and the Observation Deck on the 107th and 110th Floors, there were an estimated 2,000 employees on those floors, including 1,100 on the floors occupied by AON Insurance, those being the 92nd, and 98th-105th. One of AON's executives, Eric Eisenberg, initiated the evacuation of their floors within moments of the impact of Flight 11.
A similar evacuation was carried out on the floors occupied by Fiduciary Trust, on the 90th, 94th-97th floors, as well as in the offices of Fuji Bank (on floors 79-82) and Euro Brokers on floor 84, which occupied the floors directly above the 78th Floor Sky Lobby. Executives such as Eisenberg instructed their employees to take the stairs down to the 78th floor Sky Lobby, where they could take an express elevator to the ground level and exit the building. Within a window of roughly 17 minutes, between 8:46 AM and 9:03 AM, an estimated 1,400 people successfully evacuated the upper floors of the South Tower, while roughly 600 people did not. At the moment of the impact of Flight 175, an estimated 200 people had packed into the Sky Lobby on the 78th Floor and were waiting for the express elevators. Almost all of these people then died, as the lobby was in the lower section of Flight 175's impact zone.
Once both towers had been struck, the order to evacuate the North Tower quickly spread to encompass not only the entire World Trade Center complex, but most high rise buildings in Lower Manhattan and surrounding areas as well. The evacuation of employees from the North and South towers continued past the plaza and through the concourse. Evacuees from the North Tower were directed across the full length of the concourse to 5 World Trade Center, from where they exited the complex onto Church Street. Evacuees from the South Tower were provided with a separate route in order to deter congestion, with theirs leading them to 4 World Trade Center and exiting onto Liberty Street.
Survivors.
Only 14 people escaped from the impact zone of the South Tower (floors 77 to 85) after it was hit and only four people from the floors above it. Individuals escaped from as high up on the South Tower as the 84th floor after initial impact. They escaped via stairwell A (which was in the northwest corner), the only stairwell which had been left intact after the impact. It is speculated that stairwell A in the South Tower was not only intact after the impact of United Airlines Flight 175, but that it was also passable until the South Tower collapsed at 9:59 am. Because of communication between 911 operators (FDNY and NYPD responders were disorganized), most individuals who were trapped were unaware of the passable status of stairwell A and were instead told to wait for assistance by rescue personnel.
After the collapse of the towers, only 23 survivors who were in or below the towers escaped from the debris, including 15 rescue workers. The last survivor to be removed alive from the WTC collapse debris was removed from the ruins of the North Tower 27 hours after its collapse. The search for survivors did find others who had survived for days under the pile of rubble. These people were found with life detector listening equipment. With this special equipment, their voices could be heard. Rescuers at the surface told them, "If you can hear me, tap on a pipe" and metallic taps were heard in response. But a path through the debris could not be cleared quickly enough to get to them before they succumbed to their injuries. A total of 6,294 people were reported to have been treated in area hospitals for injuries related to the 9/11 attacks in New York City.
Fatalities.
World Trade Center.
Before the Twin Towers collapsed, an estimated 200 people fell to their deaths from the burning towers, landing on the streets and rooftops of adjacent buildings hundreds of feet below. To witnesses watching, a few of the people falling from the towers seemed to have jumped, including the person whose photograph became known as the Falling Man. The NIST report describes the deaths of 104 jumpers, but states that it likely understates the total number. The sight and sound of "one, two, three, four , smashing like eggs on the ground" horrified and traumatized firefighter and police witnesses. The jumpers' death certificates, like most other victims', states the cause of death as homicide from "blunt trauma".
Some of the occupants of each tower above its point of impact made their way upward toward the roof in hope of helicopter rescue, only to find the roof access doors locked. Port Authority officers attempted to unlock the doors but control systems would not let them; in any case, thick smoke and intense heat would have prevented rescue helicopters from landing.
Cantor Fitzgerald L.P., an investment bank on the 101st–105th floors of One World Trade Center, lost 658 employees, considerably more than any other employer. Marsh Inc., located immediately below Cantor Fitzgerald on floors 93–100 (the location of Flight 11's impact), lost 295 employees and 63 consultants. Risk Waters was holding a conference in Windows on the World at the time, with 81 people in attendance.
John P. O'Neill was a former assistant director of the FBI who assisted in the capture of 1993 World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Yousef and was the head of security at the World Trade Center when he was killed trying to rescue people from the North Tower. An additional 24 people remain listed as missing.
The average age of the dead in New York City was 40. The dead included eight children: five on American Airlines Flight 77 ranging in age from 3 to 11, three on United Airlines Flight 175 ages 2, 3, and 4. The youngest victim was a 2-1/2-year-old child on Flight 175, the oldest was an 85 year-old passenger on Flight 11. In the buildings, the youngest victim was 18 and the oldest was 79.
Contrary to some conspiracy theories about Jews being warned not to go to work that day, the number of Jews who died in the attacks is variously estimated at between 270 and 400.
Pentagon.
Of the 125 victims in the Pentagon, 70 were civilians and 55 were military personnel. Lieutenant General Timothy Maude was the highest-ranking military official killed at the Pentagon.
By the numbers.
2,977 fatalities included the following:
The following list details the number of casualties reported by companies in business premises at the World Trade Center. The list includes WTC tenants (all buildings), vendors, visitors, independent emergency responders, and some hijacked passenger-related firms.
Forensic identification.
As of September 11, 2012, 2,753 death certificates were filed relating to the attacks. Of these, 1,588 (58%) were forensically identified from recovered physical remains. The Associated Press reported that the medical examiner's office possesses "about 10,000 unidentified bone and tissue fragments that cannot be matched to the list of the dead." Bone fragments were still being found in 2006 as workers prepared the damaged Deutsche Bank Building for demolition.
On April 17, 2013, five possible remains were recovered after being sifted at Fresh Kills on Staten Island. The medical examiner said evidence of a possible victim of the attacks was recovered as well two days later.
On June 21, 2013, the medical examiner's office matched its 1,637th victim, a 43-year-old woman, to its list of victims as a result of DNA testing of debris collected from the site. By family request, her name was not released.
On July 5, 2013, the medical examiner's office identified the remains of FDNY firefighter Lt. Jeffrey P. Walz, 37, after they were retested. His remains were recovered just months after the attack and is now the 1,638th victim recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19952124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952124" title="USS Orestes (AGP-10)">
USS Orestes (AGP-10)

USS "Orestes" (AGP-10) was a motor torpedo boat tender that served in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946.
"Orestes" was laid down as landing ship tank USS "LST–135" at Chicago Bridge and Iron Company, Seneca, Illinois, on 8 July 1943, and launched on 16 November 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Bernard Sharp. Prior to completion, she was converted into a motor torpedo boat tender at Maryland Drydock Company, Baltimore, Maryland. Redesignated AGP-10, she was commissioned as USS "Orestes" (AGP–10) on 25 April 1944 with Lieutenant Kenneth N. Mueller in command.
Successfully concluding her shakedown out of Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 23 May 1944, "Orestes" prepared for World War II duty in the Pacific. Departing Chesapeake Bay on 5 June 1944, she transited the Panama Canal and, after a stop-over at Bora Bora, sailed on to New Guinea. She began motor torpedo boat tending operations at Aitape on 23 August 1944, transferred to Mios Woendi a month later, and on 12 November 1944 joined General Douglas MacArthur’s Philippines invasion forces at Leyte. In the Leyte area control of the air was still disputed and Japanese air attacks were numerous. On 24 November 1944 "Orestes"’ gunners got their first confirmed kills, two Mitsubishi A6M “Zeke” (Zero) fighters.
Late in December 1944, while "Orestes" was in a Mindoro-bound convoy designted "Uncle plus 15" with 30 patrol torpedo boats (PT boats) and 50 other vessels, Japanese planes made life tenuous. On 30 December 1944, an Aichi D3A “Val” dive bomber came in low on the starboard side and crashed into "Orestes" amidships, causing heavy damage and killing 45 members of her crew. Accompanying landing craft infantry (LCIs) finally brought the resulting fires under control and "Orestes" was beached. Landing ship tank USS "LST-708" later towed "Orestes" back to Leyte on 27 January 1945, and after temporary repairs "Orestes" departed Leyte on 24 February 1945 on a slow voyage back to the United States, arriving at Terminal Island, California, on 13 May 1945. There shipyard personnel went to work and 202,500 man-hours of labor later they had completely rejuvenated "Orestes".
"Orestes" departed the United States on a second trip to the Pacific war zone on 8 August 1945, but the war with Japan ended on 15 August 1945 and the Japanese surrender had been formalized (on 2 September 1945) by the time she reached Guinan Harbor, Samar, in the Philippines. "Orestes" served under the Commander Motor Torpedo Boats, Philippine Sea Frontier, until 17 December 1945, when she sailed eastward with naval passengers for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and the United States, arriving at San Pedro, California, on 3 February 1946.
"Orestes" made a month-long round trip to the Panama Canal Zone, then was deactivated. She decommissioned on 29 April 1946 at Oakland, California, and was struck from the Navy List on 23 April 1947. She was transferred to the Maritime Commission on 15 March 1948 and then was sold to the Walter W. Johnson Company of San Francisco for scrapping.
"Orestes" received two battle stars for her World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="19952129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952129" title="Illinois Vietnam Veterans Memorial">
Illinois Vietnam Veterans Memorial

Illinois Vietnam Veterans Memorial honors the 3,009 Illinois residents who were killed or listed as missing in action during the Vietnam War. Dedicated in 1988, the Memorial includes the names of the dead or missing craved in black granite walls that radiate from the central eternal flame. Supporting the flame are five vertical gray granite walls, each representing a branch of the armed services. 
A vigil and memorial service is held each year on the first full weekend in May and on Memorial Day, as well as the first Saturday in December.
The Memorial is maintained by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency as a state historic site, and is located at Oak Ridge Cemetery in Springfield, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19952136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952136" title="Funaafou">
Funaafou

Funaafou is an island in the Lau Lagoon off the northeast coast of Malaita Island. Administratively, it is located in the Malaita Province of the Solomon Islands. Indigenous religious traditions include shark worship.

</doc>
<doc id="19952168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952168" title="308th Bombardment Wing (World War II)">
308th Bombardment Wing (World War II)

The 308th Bombardment Wing (308th BW) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Far East Air Forces at Nagoya, Japan, where it was inactivated on 30 June 1948.
The wing served in combat with Fifth Air Force from February 1944 to August 1945, operating as a task force with various groups and squadrons that were attached for brief periods. It earned a Philippine Republic Presidential Unit Citation for its actions on Leyte and Luzon. The 308th became part of the occupation force from 1945 to 1947 when it was stripped of all personnel, remaining a paper unit until it was inactivated.
History.
Background.
General George C. Kenney, commander of Far East Air Forces (FEAF), developed the concept in late 1942 for an “Air Task Force“ to be located at an advanced base. The Air Task Force was to be a streamlined operational organization free from administrative duties so that it could concentrate on a given operation. Once the operation was complete, components of the force could be returned to their parent organizations. To implement this concept, the Buna Task Force (later renamed the 1st Air Task Force) was formed at Dobodura as a provisional organization, with its personnel drawn from the Fifth Air Force Advanced Echelon (ADVON), already located there. The task force defended installations at Dobodura from enemy air and sea attack, attacked Japanese forces at Rabaul and dropped supplies to advanced forces fighting at Lae and Saidor.
New Guinea.
On 1 Feb 44 the provisional Air Task Force was transformed into the 308th Bombardment Wing. The wing began to establish air bases at Saidor, Cape Gloucester and Finschhafen. The wing's ADVON moved to Finschhafen and almost at once began to support the landings on Momote by the 1st Cavalry Division with fighter cover, air resupply and limited air strikes.
The ADVON moved to Wakde one day after the infantry landed to establish a base to extend the range of Allied airpower in New Guinea. The island seemed secure, so the infantry units were withdrawn from the island on 20 May. However Japanese forces infiltrated the 308th’s camp the following morning. The camp was successfully defended by members of the wing's 303d Airdrome Squadron. As the Wakde airstrip was being established, Japanese attacks continued and caused casualties among units attached to the wing.
The wing proceeded to Biak to establish airfields for the forthcoming Morotai offensive. but strong resistance delayed the offensive on the island beyond the date when the airfields were planned to become operational, so nearby Owi Island was reconnoitered and proved to be a better base. The last resistance on Owi ended when wing Consolidated B-24 Liberators attacked on 22 July, destroying the last enemy stronghold. A Japanese attempt to reinforce the island was beaten back by wing North American B-25 Mitchells, which sank three ships, damaged two, and turned the reinforcements back.
Wing fighters covered the Noemfoor landings. Extensive strikes by the wing were able to keep enemy airfields in the region non-operational. During this period wing Mitchell bombers became the first American planes to strike the Philippines since the defeat there in May 1942. During operations from Owi and Biak wing fighters scored 28 victories over enemy aircraft and 55 more were destroyed on ground. In addition, shipping strikes resulted in 30 freighters plus 91 smaller craft sunk while over 200 more were damaged.
Philippine Islands.
The wing did not resume operations until September when it began attacks from Hollandia. On 22 Oct 1944 it landed at Tacloban in the Philippines Only two days later as preparation of the airfield had barely begun, Tacloban was used as an emergency strip by Navy planes engaged in the Battle of Leyte Gulf because their carriers were under attack. The incomplete strip handled a landing every 2 minutes, some crashing because of the soft uneven nature of the strip. Japanese strafers arrived during the recovery operation, but two hours later, 59 Navy planes had been prepared to enter combat again On the 27th the field was ready for the Lockheed P-38 Lightnings of the 49th Fighter Group. These fighters initially concentrated on defending the Leyte beachhead, but as fighter strength increased, Japanese air attacks were limited to night raids. During operations on Leyte, in addition to merchant shipping, wing aircraft destroyed one cruiser, eight destroyers, and two destroyer escort. 375 enemy aircraft were destroyed as the 308th achieved air superiority before handing over Leyte at the end of December.
In Jan 45 the wing assumed responsibility for Lingayen with its Headquarters at Binmaley. It supported I Corps and guerrilla forces most of which were concentrated on northern Luzon. Wing aircraft flew hundreds of close air support missions near Baguio. Japanese air opposition in the Philippines had been reduced to the extent that wing fighters were diverted from providing air cover to close air support missions. The 308th began attacks on Formosa, concentrating on chemical factories providing materiel for aviation fuel and explosives. It attacked Hong Kong and Canton to isolate Japanese forces there.
The wing arrived in Okinawa in late June where it served as the ADVON for both Fifth Air Force and Far East Air Forces, assuming Operational Control of all land based aircraft on the island including Navy and Marine aircraft until Seventh Air Force headquarters arrived the following month.
Occupation Duty.
The wing moved to Korea late in 1945 and became part of the occupation force. It transferred without personnel and equipment to Japan in 1947 and was not remanned. The unit inactivated on 30 June 1948.
Lineage.
Components.
Groups
Operational Squadrons
Navy and Marine units attached in Okinawa

</doc>
<doc id="19952219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952219" title="Street Corner (1953 film)">
Street Corner (1953 film)

Street Corner is a 1953 British drama film. It was written by Muriel and Sydney Box and directed by Muriel. It was marketed as Both Sides of the Law in the United States. While not quite a documentary, the film depicts the daily routine of women in the police force from three different angles. The three plotlines focus respectively on an 18-year old girl who is caught shoplifting, a female army deserter who becomes involved in bigamy, and a baby who is abused by stepparents. The film climaxes in a police dog attack on a criminal.
It was conceived as a female version of the 1950 film "The Blue Lamp".

</doc>
<doc id="19952229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952229" title="List of Atlanta Braves Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Atlanta Braves Opening Day starting pitchers

The Atlanta Braves are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Atlanta, Georgia. They play in the National League East division. They were based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Boston, Massachusetts before moving to Atlanta for the 1966 season. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Atlanta Braves have used 19 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 47 seasons in Atlanta. The 19 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 14 wins, 20 losses and 13 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
Hall of Famer Phil Niekro holds the Atlanta Braves' record for most Opening Day starts, with eight. He has a record in Opening Day starts for the Braves of no wins and six losses with two no decisions. Greg Maddux had seven Opening Day starts for the team and Rick Mahler had five. Tom Glavine and John Smoltz have each made four Opening Day starts for the Braves. Maddux has the record for most wins in Atlanta Braves Opening Day starts, with five. Mahler has the highest winning percentage in Opening Day starts (1.000), with four wins and no losses with one no decision. All of Mahler's four victories were shutouts, including three in consecutive years (1985 to 1987) by identical scores of 6–0. Niekro has the record for most losses in Atlanta Braves Opening Day starts, with six.
From 1972 through 1980, the Braves lost nine consecutive Opening Day games. In those games, their starting pitchers had a record of no wins, six losses and three no decisions. Niekro had five of the losses during this streak, and Carl Morton had the other. Morton, Gary Gentry and Andy Messersmith had no decisions during the streak. One of the most famous Opening Day games in baseball history occurred during this stretch. That was the game on April 4, 1974 against the Cincinnati Reds at Riverfront Stadium, when Hank Aaron hit his 714th career home run to tie Babe Ruth's all-time record. Carl Morton was Atlanta's starting pitcher for that game, and received a no decision.
Overall, Atlanta Braves' Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of 4–5 with four no decisions at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, their original home ball park in Atlanta and a 3–3 record with one no decision at their current home park, Turner Field. This gives the Atlanta Braves' Opening Day starting pitchers a combined home record 7–8 with five no decisions. Their away record is 7–12 with eight no decisions. The Braves went on to play in the World Series in 1991, 1992, 1995, 1996 and 1999, and won the 1995 World Series championship games. John Smoltz was the Opening Day starting pitcher in 1991, Tom Glavine in 1992 and 1999, and Greg Maddux in 1995 and 1996. They had a combined Opening Day record of 3–2 in years that the Atlanta Braves played in the World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19952252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952252" title="Takin' Back My Love">
Takin' Back My Love

"Takin' Back My Love" is a song by singers Enrique Iglesias and Ciara. It is the second single from his English greatest hits album "Greatest Hits". The song was produced by RedOne who was a co-writer of the song alongside Iglesias and Frankie Storm.
The original version of the song features R&B singer Ciara and is being released internationally. A second version which features pop singer Sarah Connor in place of Ciara was released in Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Russia, Austria, Poland and the Czech Republic. In France, the song was re-recorded with the French R&B singer Tyssem singing her portion of the song in French and re-titled "Takin' Back My Love (Sans l'ombre d'un remord)".
Release and promotion.
Iglesias first performed the song in on the French TV show Star Academy as a duet with one of the contestants, Gaultier. The performance was enthusiastically received by the show's audience and the judges who gave the pair a standing ovation. This performance propelled the Ciara version of the song debut at #3 in France.
Iglesias and Ciara both performed the single for the first time at the 2009 Pro Bowl Half-time Show in Hawaii.
Due to studio commitments Ciara had to pull out of promotion for the single and Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi was asked to lend her vocals to most of the European promo. So far they have performed the song on Dutch TV show "Life & Cooking", the "Paul O'Grady Show", "Loose Women" and "The Alan Titchmarsh Show" in the UK as well as the Meteor Music Awards in Ireland.
Iglesias has performed the song with Sarah Connor on the German show "Nur Die Liebe Zaehlt".
Ciara performed the single alone in London, as a part of her set during the European leg of Britney Spears' worldwide tour "The Circus Starring Britney Spears".
Iglesias and Ciara both performed the single for the second time together in London, at the 2009 Capital FM Summertime Ball.
Critical reception.
"Digital Spy" said that "Takin' Back My Love" finds Iglesias acting out a break-up with 'Goodies' singer Ciara. 'Go ahead just leave, can't hold you, you're free', he wails with typical passion. Not too keen on her impending single status, Ciara replies: 'What did I do but give love to you? I'm just confused as I stand here and look at you.' With its Europoppy beat and suitably dramatic chorus, this manages to pack an emotional punch while also remaining appealingly cheesy".
"Billboard" gave the song a positive review: "Thanks to a global fan base, Enrique Iglesias' dance duet "Takin' Back My Love" is already a hit on the European Hot 100 and a top 10 in Germany and France. RedOne, best known for his framework on Kat DeLuna's 'Whine Up' and Lady GaGa's two recent No. 1s, lends his party song production talents. Pop star Sarah Connor recorded a version with Iglesias, which has been popular in Europe, but Ciara is better paired with the Latin pop star, with their soft and sensual vocal styles. The synth sounds pinball off one another as Iglesias belts through the choruses and Ciara's panting rounds out the single, which is also riding the Hot Dance Club Play chart".
Music video.
The video was shot in Los Angeles on January 13, 2009 and directed by the Norwegian director Ray Kay, who helmed Christina Milian's "Us Against the World" clip, amongst many other videos for R&B music artists. The video was released in February 2009.
The entire music video is shot under blue-screen to give off a radiant but monotone color set. The music video opens up viewing portraits of Iglesias and Ciara, then an ironic switch showing the two arguing and pushing back and forth outside of the house. The two part ways, and the song begins with Iglesias's first verse. He sings as the video randomly shoots back to a scene where Ciara is up against a wall. The chorus enters as Iglesias is shown throwing things off a counter and out of drawers. 
The next verse enters Ciara walking in the room apparently angry at Iglesias. As she sings her verse, she proceeds to pick up a jacket that reads "From C, with Love" and heads to the pool and throws the jacket in the water. What ensues shortly after is a back and forth argument involving the two destroying the house, from Iglesias throwing dishes and glasses out of the refrigerator, to Ciara burning songbooks and pouring paint on top of his car. Then, two briefly meet in the dining room of the house, where they obviously still have feelings for one another. They then kiss and perform sexual dance-like moves against each other. Then, as Ciara comes back to reality and snatches his hand from her, the two immediately go right back to arguing and destroying what is left of the house. As the video closes, the two are seen in a destroyed dining room with lights flickering on and off, approaching each other once again. Iglesias then grabs Ciara, and the video ends with the two kissing and smiling.
A music video for the version featuring Sarah Connor was released in March 2009, it is intercut with scenes from the music video that was made for the version featuring Ciara.
The Connor version shows the same story (including Ciara) but instead of the scenes where Ciara sings in front of a wall, Connor is shown singing and dancing in a room that seems to be in the same house that Iglesias and Ciara are destroying. 
The video also randomly shoots to a scene where Iglesias confesses his actions to Connor, implying that Connor sings the emotions and thoughts of Ciara. Pictures of Ciara can be seen in the video with Connor.
The Ciara version music video has been viewed over 80 million times on YouTube.
Chart performance.
"Takin' Back My Love" became an international hit debuting at #3 on French Singles Chart on January 17, 2009, with 3,137 copies sold, being ex aequo with the number two. The single debuted at #14 on the Eurochart Hot 100 chart after its first week of release where it peaked for two weeks and then jumped 10 spots to #4.
In the United Kingdom the song debuted at #88. Since then it has so far peaked at #12. In Ireland, the song managed a peak of #7. The single went gold in Russia with 100,000 copies sold.
1 Version featuring Sarah Connor

</doc>
<doc id="19952259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952259" title="Sister Fate">
Sister Fate

"Sister Fate" is a song by Sheila E. from the album album "Romance 1600". It was released as the first single from the album in 1985. The album version of the song features an organ and percussion intro and has a running time of 3:50; the single version omits the intro and has a running time of 3:39.
Music video.
The video introduced a new image for Sheila E., dressed in a fashion similar to Prince and with a similar haircut.
Chart performance.
The song stalled on the charts and went no higher than #36 on the R&B charts, and did not chart on the Hot 100. Its greatest chart position was when it peaked at #8 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. Because of the under performance of "Sister Fate", the second single, "A Love Bizarre" (a duet with mentor Prince) was rush released.

</doc>
<doc id="19952271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952271" title="List of Earthdawn books">
List of Earthdawn books

A list of the English-language Earthdawn books with their SKU numbers. "Earthdawn" has also had German, French, Japanese [http://web.archive.org/web/20011122231139/www.fasa.com/Earthdawn/EDIntDist.html] and Polish editions.
Earthdawn has been published (in English language) by FASA Corporation from 1993 to 1999. This is known as the "First" edition. The license has been picked up by two companies: Living Room Games, who published the Second Edition from 2001 to 2006, and RedBrick LLC who published a revised First edition dubbed "Earthdawn Classic" from 2005 to 2009 and which published the Third edition from 2009 until 2012. FASA Games Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of FASA Corporation, received the license after the dissolution of RedBrick, and published a Revised Edition in 2013. FASA Games Inc. has announced a forthcoming Fourth Edition with a Kickstarter to be released at the 2014 GenCon.

</doc>
<doc id="19952274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952274" title="Lighthouse of Ponta dos Rosais">
Lighthouse of Ponta dos Rosais

The Ponta dos Rosais Lighthouse () is a beacon/lighthouse located along the 200m cliffs of Ponta dos Rosais near Rosais in the extreme northwest of the island of São Jorge, in the Archipelago of the Azores, Portugal. It includes the main 200 m structure/tower and several living quarters and auxiliary buildings constructed for the maintenance and operation of the lighthouse, currently abandoned and in ruins. This includes structures such as a motor-pool, a communal hearth and a series of concrete lavoirs for washing, as well as the larger block devoted to administration and private residences.
History.
There was already a notion, by 1890, that a beacon was necessary on the western coast of São Jorge, and a lighthouse was planned for the region.
In 1956, the project was continued by the "Comissão Administrativa das Novas Instalações" ("Administrative Commission for New Installations"), an arm of the Portuguese Navy (with a completion predicted for 1957). Yet, by that time the project continued to be audited by the Administrative Commission of the Navy. 
At the conclusion of the building project (in 1958), the installation of the equipment began on 1 May, which included mounting of the dual-optical cathode beacon which permitted a 500 metre focal distance. Power was provided by groups of groups of engines that provided power to its 3000 watt/110 volt acetylene lamp.It was finally completed and inaugurated in 1964. At the time of its construction, it was the most advanced lighthouse in the Portuguese network. It was also a self-sufficient complex, with residences for several families, an independent water supply and a power-source to operate independently from the rest of the parish.
Shortly after the lighthouse was completed, it was abandoned during the 1964 Rosais Earthquake, when seismic events and an underwater eruption hit the Ponta dos Rosais, causing damage to 900 homes and 400 buildings in the parish of Rosais. The earthquake caused enough panic to warrant the evacuation of its residents to the neighbouring island of Terceira, which included the temporary evacuation of the lighthouse families. Over time these fears were mitigated and life resumed at the complex.
There was a substitution of the main lamp for dioptic model with 150 mm focal distance, and with 50 watt/12 volt capacity and supported by batteries charged by photovoltaic solar panels. The change, although more efficient, allowed the beacon to be seen for .
The, on 1 January 1980, a series of seismic events, in the order of 7 on the Richter magnitude scale caused destruction to homes on Terceira, Graciosa, Faial and São Jorge islands. These events caused significant damage to the structure of the lighthouse and buildings, necessitating a complete abandonment of the complex. 
The lighthouse was automated and reopened on 5 July 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19952290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952290" title="Kyffhäuserbund">
Kyffhäuserbund

The Kyffhäuserbund (Kyffhäuser League) is an umbrella organization for War Veterans' and Reservists' Associations in Germany. It owes its name to the Kyffhäuser Monument (), a memorial built on the summit of the 473 m high Kyffhäuser Mountain near Bad Frankenhausen in the state of Thuringia in central Germany.
History.
The Kyffhäuserbund's origins lie in a section of the Deutscher Kriegerbund (German Warrior League) that established a league in 1900 that would unite the formerly scattered German war veterans' associations. Some of these organizations had been already administrating the maintenance of the memorial together. The league was initially named "Kyffhäuserbund der deutschen Landeskriegerverbände" (Kyffhäuser League of the German Countries' Warriors Associations), a name that became later abbreviated to "Kyffhäuserbund".
By 1913 this umbrella organization had already 2.8 million war veterans as its members and it had become one of the largest societies in Germany. During the time of the German Empire the Kyffhäuserbund was instrumentalized against the growing social democratic movement in Germany. 
The difficult circumstances of World War I's postwar years led to a significant shrinking of the veterans' associations and their role. 
In 1921, during the Weimar Republic, this organization shed its federal structure and centralized itself under a common leadership. Following this step it changed its name to "Deutscher Reichskriegerbund 'Kyffhäuser' e.V." (German Warriors Association 'Kyffhäuser'). 
In the name of Gleichschaltung, the Kyffhäuserbund was nazified after the Nazi takeover of power in 1933. Five years later, its name was altered to "NS-Reichskriegerbund 'Kyffhäuser' e.V." (Nationalsocialist Reich Warriors Association 'Kyffhäuser'), becoming the sole and exclusive organization representing the Veterans' interests in the Third Reich. 
The Kyffhäuserbund was swiftly and unceremoniously disbanded during the Second World War, in March 1943, by Adolf Hitler himself. Apparently the reason was the German defeat in the Battle of Stalingrad. 
Its assets in the whole Reich were transferred to the NSDAP. All its surviving local associations, which in the last phase of the war effort became the breeding ground for Volkssturm units, were also placed under the direct orders of the Nazi Party.
After Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the Allied Military Governments issued a special law, Kontrollratsgesetz Nr. 2, for the disbandment and liquidation of the Nazi organizations (Auflösung und Liquidierung der Naziorganisationen) on the 10th Oktober 1945. This Denazification decree outlawed the Nazi party and all of its branches, effectively disbanding the Kyffhäuserbund's avatar that had been established during the Third Reich.
The disbandment of the Kyffhäuserbund meant that it had to be established anew during the postwar reconstruction of both West Germany and the DDR.
The reestablishment of the Kyffhäuser organization with federal state branches began in 1952 in the German Federal Republic. The present-day Kyffhäuserbund emphasizes its role as a shooting sports association.

</doc>
<doc id="19952316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952316" title="Bouvrage">
Bouvrage

Bouvrage is a soft drink produced by Ella Drinks Limited near Brechin, Angus, Scotland. The original Bouvrage is made with raspberry juice (as well as lightly carbonated water, sugar, citric acid and flavourings)
and the company introduced a second drink, made with blaeberries. In 2012 the company introduced a third drink, made with strawberries. Previously this was not possible as strawberries discoloured and the drink turned brown over time. However, they have perfected a secret technique to ensure that the colour of the strawberry juice is maintained as a pale orangey-pink.
The drink is generally sampled at food fairs in Scotland and is sold at delicatessens and independent food stores.

</doc>
<doc id="19952348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952348" title="William Lindsay Scruggs">
William Lindsay Scruggs

William Lindsay Scruggs (1836–1912) was an American author, lawyer, and diplomat. He was a scholar of South American foreign policy and U.S. ambassador to Colombia and Venezuela. He played a key role in the Venezuela Crisis of 1895 and helped shape the modern interpretation of the Monroe Doctrine.
Early life and ambassadorships.
William L. Scruggs was born in Nashville in 1836. He was a lawyer and journalist in addition to being a diplomat.
Scruggs was U.S. Minister to Colombia from July 24, 1873 to October 26, 1876 and again from July 19, 1882 to December 15, 1885. In 1884 he became known as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, 
Colombia. Previously his title was simply Minister Resident, Colombia.
Scruggs was U.S. Minister to Venezuela from May 30, 1889 to December 15, 1892. In 1889 he became known as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, Venezuela. Scruggs appeared to resign his ambassadorship to Venezuela in December 1892, but in fact had been dismissed by the US for bribing the President of Venezuela.
Venezuela lobbyist.
In 1893 Scruggs was recruited by the Venezuelan Government to operate on its behalf in Washington D.C. as a lobbyist and legal attache. As a lobbyist, Scruggs published the pamphlet entitled "British Aggressions in Venezuela: The Monroe Doctrine on Trial". In the pamphlet, he attacked "British aggression" claiming that Venezuela was anxious to arbitrate over the Venezuela/British Guiana border dispute. Scruggs also claimed that British policies in the disputed territory violated the Monroe Doctrine of 1823. It was this relationship that eventually led to his service as Special Counsel before the Boundary Commission, three years later.
Scruggs collaborated with Georgian compatriot Congressman Leonidas Livingston to propose House Resolution 252 to the third session of the 53rd Congress of the United States of America. The bill recommended Venezuela and Great Britain settle the dispute by arbitration. President Grover Cleveland signed it into law on February 20, 1895, after passing both houses of the United States Congress. The vote had been unanimous.
By December 17, 1895, President Cleveland delivered an address to the United States Congress which was perceived as direct threat of war with Great Britain if the British did not comply with Venezuelan demands (now openly championed by the United States). Almost immediately after Cleveland's statement to the United States Congress, the US military was put on combat alert for a potential war with Great Britain.
On December 18, 1895, Congress approved $100,000 for the United States Commission on the Boundary Between Venezuela and British Guiana. It was formally established on January 1, 1896. Jose Andrade, the Venezuelan Minister to Washington, on February 26, 1896 announced that Scruggs had been appointed by the Venezuelan President as his "agent charged with submitting information" to the United States Venezuela Boundary Commission, and to present "reports relative to the titles and rights of Venezuela." An Arbitration Tribunal was agreed between the US and Britain in 1896, and this concluded in 1899. The Schomburgk Line was re-established as the border between British Guiana and Venezuela, which had been set in 1835. The Anglo-Venezuelan boundary dispute asserted for the first time a more outward-looking American foreign policy, particularly in the Western Hemisphere, marking the United States as a world power. This is the earliest example of modern interventionism under the Monroe Doctrine in which the USA exercised its claimed prerogatives in the Western Hemisphere.
Later life.
Scruggs retired to Atlanta, Georgia, where he died July 18, 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="19952386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952386" title="Tossy Spivakovsky">
Tossy Spivakovsky

Nathan "Tossy" Spivakovsky ( - 20 July 1998), a Jewish Russian-born, German-trained violin virtuoso who taught in Australia and later settled in the United States, was considered one of the finest violinists of the 20th century.
Biography.
Tossy Spivakovsky was born in Odessa, in 1906 still in Imperial Russia. Under the threat of pogroms his family moved to Berlin, where he studied with Arrigo Serato privately and with Willy Hess at the Berliner Hochschule für Musik. A violin prodigy, he gave his first recital at age 10. Together with his elder brother Jacob "Jascha" (1896–1970), a renowned concert pianist, Tossy made his first European concert tour at age 13, performing as soloist with orchestras in a number of countries including Holland, England, Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, in 1919, where the brothers played for Danish royalty. At only 18, after being talent spotted by Wilhelm Furtwängler, Spivakovsky became the youngest concertmaster hired by the Berlin Philharmonic. Two years later he left to pursue a solo career in Europe.
During the 1920s he and his brother Jascha performed together as the Spivakovsky Duo. In 1930 Tossy and Jascha established the Spivakovsky-Kurtz Trio together with cellist Edmund Kurtz. The trio was on a tour of Australia in 1933 when the Nazi Party took power in Germany, temporarily ending Spivakovsky's European career. He remained in Australia, where he married Dr. Erika Lipsker Zarden, philologist and Renaissance historian, who was his wife of 63 years. All three members of the Spivakovsky-Kurtz trio joined the teaching staff of the University of Melbourne Conservatorium of Music. The youngest of nine, Spivakovsky belonged to a musical family. His brother Albert, a distinguished pianist, also played the cello and conducted orchestras in Germany and Denmark. Another brother, the violinist and cellist Isaac 'Issy' (1902–1977), who had studied violin under Willy Hess, and cello with Hugo Becker and Gregor Piatigorsky, also migrated to Australia in 1934, and for 28 years (1937–1965) taught violin, viola and cello at Scotch College, Melbourne. Adolf (1891–1958), a bass-baritone, also migrated to Melbourne in 1934 and taught at the University Conservatorium where his students included the sopranos Glenda Raymond and Sylvia Fisher.
In 1940 Spivakovsky moved to the United States with his wife and baby daughter, and made his New York debut at Town Hall that year. He became concertmaster of the Cleveland Orchestra under Artur Rodziński, in that capacity also often performing as soloist. In 1943 the conductor Artur Rodziński invited him to present the premiere United States performance of Bartók’s Violin Concerto No. 2. Bartók himself described this performance of his violin concerto as "first rate". Spivakovsky also gave this work its first performances in New York and San Francisco. His rendition of this concerto, which elicited extraordinary critical acclaim, launched his U.S. career as soloist. According to the critic Alfred Frankenstein of The San Francisco Chronicle, Spivakovsky's was "The finest violin playing of a generation!" The critic Virgil Thomson of the New York Herald Tribune wrote: "Such unfailing nobility of tone, such evenness of coloration through the scale and, most extraordinary of all, such impeccable pitch...left one a little gasping." "Was this the best since Heifetz," asked Frankenstein after a 1948 performance of the Bartók Violin Concerto, "or was this just the best, period?" Following Spivakovsky's New York performance of the violin concerto by Gian Carlo Menotti, a review appearing in the May 3, 1954 edition of Time Magazine stated: "As always, his tone was luxuriant, his pitch impeccable, and he brought the music to full-blooded life." The same article referred to Spivakovsky as "one of the most brilliant violinists alive." 
Spivakovsky was soloist in the première performances of Leon Kirchner's "Sonata Concertante" and David Diamond's "Canticle and Perpetual Motion". Accompanied by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, he gave the New York premières of violin concerti by Frank Martin and Carl Nielsen. He composed and published his own cadenzas to the Beethoven violin concerto and to all five Mozart violin concerti. For more than four decades he travelled extensively throughout the U.S., Canada, South America and Europe giving solo performances. He also found time to teach violin and chamber music at the Juilliard School in New York City from 1974 to 1989.
In order to draw from his instrument the richest, most brilliant tone possible, Spivakovsky developed an innovative method of bowing that was described in detail in a book entitled "The Spivakovsky Way of Bowing," by Gaylord Yost. In a lifelong effort to perform his repertoire just as the composers wanted their music performed, he sought and researched their original sheet music. Upon discovering that Bach wanted certain chords in his solo violin suites played without arpeggiation, he wrote an article entitled "Polyphony in Bach's Works for Solo Violin," published in 1967 in "The Music Review", Vol. 28, No. 4, in which he provided the evidence for Bach's preference. A curved bow, or "Bach Bow", which Spivakovsky acquired from Knud Vestergaard of Denmark, enabled him to execute the whole four-string chords of the Bach sonatas and partitas with greater ease and sonority.
Honorary Doctorates.
Fairfield University, Fairfield, Connecticut, April 26, 1970 
The Cleveland Institute of Music, Cleveland, Ohio, June 5, 1975
LP Recordings.
BACH Sonata #1 in G Major, unaccompanied, on Columbia LP Masterworks, 1950.
BARTÓK Violin Sonata #2, Roumanian Dances, with Artur Balsam, piano, on Concert Hall Society, Inc. This was the first studio recording of Bartók’s Violin Sonata No. 2 with Arthur Balsam, issued in late 1947. (The earlier version by the composer accompanying Joseph Szigeti was a live performance, and only issued later.)
BEETHOVEN Sonata #8 Opus 30 in G Major, with Robert Cornman, piano, on Columbia LP Masterworks, 1950.
BEETHOVEN Sonata #10 Opus 96 in G Major, with Rudolf Firkusny, piano, on Columbia LP Masterworks, 1951.
KIRCHNER, Leon - Concerto for Violin, Cello, 10 Winds & Percussion,conducted by the composer with Aldo Parisot, cello, on Epic Stereorama.
MENOTTI Violin Concerto conducted by Charles Munch with the Boston Symphony Orchestra on RCA Victor.
ROBERTSON, Leroy - Violin Cconcerto conducted by Maurice Abravanel with the Utah Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard.
SIBELIUS Violin Concerto conducted by Tauno Hannikainen with the London Symphony Orchestra on Everest.
STRAVINSKY Violin Concerto conducted by Maurice Abravanel with the Utah Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard.
TCHAIKOVSKY Violin Concerto conducted by Walter Goehr with the London Symphony Orchestra on Everest.
CD Recordings.
BARTÓK Violin Concerto #2 on CD #6 of "Pierre Monteux in Boston" set: "Treasure of Concert Performances 1951-1958" on WHRA
Collection of short pieces by Bazzini, Mouret, Raff, Gluck, Bloch, Kreisler, Paganini, Dvořák, Beethoven, Brahms, Wieniawski, Sarasate on PEARL, Pavilion Records LTD. (Reissued from a number of Spivakovsky's recordings that were made on the Parlophone and Decca labels during the 1920s. He was accompanied on the piano by his brothers Jascha and Albert.)
PAGANINI 24 Caprices for Violin & Piano, with Lester Taylor, piano, on Omega Record Group, Inc.
SIBELIUS Violin Concerto conducted by Tauno Hannikainen with the London Symphony Orchestra on Omega, Everest Record Group, Inc.
STRAVINSKY Violin Concerto conducted by Maurice Abravanel with the Utah Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard Classics, Omega Record Group, Inc.
TCHAIKOVSKY Violin Concerto conducted by Walter Goehr with the London Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard Classics, Omega Record Group, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19952427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952427" title="Best Moves">
Best Moves

Best Moves is the first compilation album by Chris de Burgh, released by A&M Records in 1981. It includes songs from his first five studio albums as well as new tracks, "Every Drop of Rain" and "Waiting for the Hurricane".
Track listing.
All songs written by Chris de Burgh.

</doc>
<doc id="19952430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952430" title="Henshall">
Henshall

Henshall is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19952436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952436" title="Meyer Roest">
Meyer Roest

Meijer Marcusz Roest (19 December 1821, Amsterdam – 20 November 1889, Amsterdam) was a Dutch bibliographer.
Life.
When Roest became connected with a firm of booksellers in Amsterdam, he acquired a taste for bibliographical studies, and as a result published in 1857 "Catalogue de livres orientaux". Roest's best-known work is the "Catalog der Hebraica und Judaica aus der L. Rosenthal'schen Bibliothek" (2 vols., Amsterdam, 1875). After Baron George Rosenthal presented his collection to the Amsterdam Library, Roest was appointed custodian of it. He contributed to various Jewish periodicals, such as the "Dutch Spectator" and the "Taalkundig Magazin", and edited the (non-Jewish) "Navorscher" and "Israelietische Nieuwsbode" for several years.
Bibliography.
"Jew. Chron." Jan. 3, 1891, p. 14.S.

</doc>
<doc id="19952439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952439" title="1922 Turin Massacre">
1922 Turin Massacre

The 1922 Turin Massacre refers to the attack by Italian Fascists against members of a local labour movement in Turin, Italy. This was followed by Fascists taking a number of editors of the newspaper of the Communist Party of Italy hostage, taking them to the central park in Turin and threatening to execute them. Fascists rounded up communists and trade unionists in the city and executed a number of them in gruesome manners with one victim being tied and dragged behind a truck until he died and another victim being bludgeoned to death. Eleven people were killed and ten were seriously wounded by the Fascists.

</doc>
<doc id="19952465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952465" title="Egklima sta paraskinia">
Egklima sta paraskinia

Egklima sta paraskinia (Greek: ) is a 1960 Greek theatrical film noir film starring Dinos Alekos Alexandrakis, Maro Kontou, Hristos Tsaganeas, Titos Vandias, Aliki Georgouli, Georges Sarri and Dimos Starenios. The writer was from the famous police novelist Giannis Maris.
Plot.
A well known actress of the theatre was assassinated and the simultaneously one of these actors of the theatre escaped. The police along with the journalists of a newspaper company asked the edge of the filament for located the assassin. Quickly occurred evidently that the action occurred during the occupation period of World War II and the academy was sentimentally natural.
Awards.
The movie was presented with the presentation of an American film noir that made it one of the greatest Greek movies of the time, it was awarded twice at the first Thessaloniki Film Festival in 1960 (see 1960 Thessaloniki Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19952470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952470" title="Kristopher Reisz">
Kristopher Reisz

Kristopher Reisz (born February 7, 1979) is an American authorknown for his young adult novels.
Early life.
Reisz grew up in Decatur, Alabama. He became interested in writing during high school. In college, he reported for the student newspaper and edited the literary magazine, later recalling, “I set out to learn anything anyone could possibly teach me about being a writer.” Reisz worked as a paramedic and in a psychiatric hospital.
Work.
Reisz published the short story "Special" in "Cthulhu Sex Magazine" in 2004, then his first novel "Tripping to Somewhere" in 2006. His second novel, "Unleashed" appeared in 2008, followed by the short story "Quiet Haunts" in "Drops of Crimson" online in 2009.
In 2008 Reisz wrote in his blog that a new novel, "The Drowned Forest," was in progress; in February 2010, he wrote that it was completed.
In 2010, Reisz published an illustrated free e-book "Quiet Haunts and Other Stories," including his two previously published (and two unpublished) short stories.
Reception.
Reisz’s writing has received recognition twice. In 2007, the New York Public Library chose "Tripping to Somewhere" as one of their "Books for the Teen Age." His second novel, "Unleashed," was recognized by the Young Adult Library Services Association in its 2009 list of “Quick Picks for Reluctant Young Adult Readers.”
"Tripping to Somewhere" received positive reviews. "The Trades" ' R.J. Carter gave a "B+" score, describing it as "heavy with teenage angst and nihilism, and lack any likeable heroes," and "a drug-filled idyll that blends Hunter S. Thompson with the works of comic book horror masters Alan Moore and Neil Gaiman", where "elements of the Norse Odin and Greek Orpheus also become evident as our two fugitives tumble pell-mell to the story's ultimate conclusion." Kimberley Pauley, writing for Young Adult Central, "really liked" the "unique" story, and recommended it for older young adult readers, noting that the "very intense," "gritty" fantasy and characters "stay with you." C. Dennis Moore, in SFReader.com, gave the book 4/4 stars, wriring "there are layers to the characters here that surpass what I've seen authors publishing their tenth novel are capable of", noting that it is "a very strong novel".

</doc>
<doc id="19952476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952476" title="Good Friday Agreement">
Good Friday Agreement

The Good Friday Agreement or Belfast Agreement or as it is informally abbreviated as the GFA ( or "Comhaontú Aoine an Chéasta"; Ulster-Scots: "Bilfawst Greeance" or "Guid Friday Greeance") was a major political development in the Northern Ireland peace process of the 1990s. Northern Ireland's present devolved system of government is based on the Agreement. The Agreement also created a number of institutions between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland and between the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom.
The Agreement is made up of two inter-related documents, both agreed in Belfast on Good Friday, 10 April 1998:
The Agreement set out a complex series of provisions relating to a number of areas including:
Issues relating to civil and cultural rights, decommissioning of weapons, justice and policing were central to the Agreement.
The Agreement was approved by voters across the island of Ireland in two referenda held on 22 May 1998. In Northern Ireland, voters were asked whether they supported the multi-party agreement. In the Republic of Ireland, voters were asked whether they would allow the state to sign the agreement and allow necessary constitutional changes to facilitate it. The people of both jurisdictions needed to approve the Agreement in order to give effect to it.
The British-Irish Agreement came into force on 2 December 1999. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) was the only major political group in Northern Ireland to oppose the Agreement.
Parties and structure.
The Agreement was made between the British and Irish governments and eight political parties or groupings from Northern Ireland: the Ulster Unionist Party, the Social Democratic and Labour Party, Sinn Féin, the Alliance Party, the Progressive Unionist Party, the Northern Ireland Women’s Coalition, the Ulster Democratic Party and Labour.
The Agreement comprises two elements:
The former text has just four articles; it is that short text that is the legal agreement, but it incorporates in its schedules the latter agreement. Technically, this scheduled agreement can be distinguished as the "Multi-Party Agreement", as opposed to the Belfast Agreement itself.
The vague wording of some of the provisions, described as "constructive ambiguity", helped ensure acceptance of the agreement and served to postpone debate on some of the more contentious issues. Most notably this included paramilitary decommissioning, police reform and the normalisation of Northern Ireland.
Status of Northern Ireland.
The Agreement acknowledged:
Both of these views were acknowledged as being legitimate.
The agreement reached was that Northern Ireland would remain part of the United Kingdom until a majority of the people of Northern Ireland and of the Republic of Ireland wished otherwise. Should that happen, then the British and Irish governments are under "a binding obligation" to implement that choice.
Irrespective of Northern Ireland's constitutional status within the United Kingdom, or part of a united Ireland, the right of people in Northern Ireland "to identify themselves and be accepted as Irish or British, or both" (as well as their right to hold either or both British and Irish citizenship) was recognised. The two Governments also agreed, irrespective of the position of Northern Ireland:
"... the power of the sovereign government with jurisdiction there shall be exercised with rigorous impartiality on behalf of all the people in the diversity of their identities and traditions and shall be founded on the principles of full respect for, and equality of, civil, political, social and cultural rights, of freedom from discrimination for all citizens, and of parity of esteem and of just and equal treatment for the identity, ethos and aspirations of both communities".
As part of the Agreement, the British parliament repealed the Government of Ireland Act 1920 (which had established Northern Ireland and partitioned Ireland) and the People of Ireland amended Articles 2 and 3 of the Constitution of Ireland, which asserted a territorial claim over Northern Ireland.
New institutions.
The Agreement sets out a framework for the creation and number of institutions across three "strands".
Strand 1 dealt with the democratic institutions of Northern Ireland and established two major institutions:
The Northern Ireland Assembly is a devolved legislature for Northern Ireland with mandatory cross-community voting on certain major decisions. The Northern Ireland Executive is a power-sharing executive with ministerial portfolios to be allocated between parties by the d'Hondt method.
Strand 2 dealt with "north-south" issues and institutions to be created between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. These are:
North-South Ministerial Council is made up of ministers from the Northern Ireland Executive and the Government of Ireland. It was established "to develop consultation, co-operation and action" in 12 areas of mutual interest. These include six areas where the Northern Ireland Executive and the Government of Ireland form common policies but implement these separately in each jurisdiction, and six areas where they develop common policies that are implemented through shared all-Ireland institutions.
The various "institutional and constitutional arrangements" set out in the Agreement are also stated to be "interlocking and interdependent".
As part of the Agreement, the newly created Northern Ireland Assembly and the national parliament of Ireland (the Oireachtas) agreed to consider creating a joint parliamentary forum made up of equal numbers from both institutions. In October 2012, this forum was created as the North/South Inter-Parliamentary Association.
The Northern Ireland political parties who endorsed the agreement were also asked to consider the establishment of an independent consultative forum representative of civil society with members with expertise in social, cultural, economic and other issues and appointed by the two administrations. An outline structure for the North/South Consultative Forum was agreed in 2002 and in 2006 the Northern Ireland Executive agreed it would support its establishment.
Strand 3 dealt with "east-west" issues and institutions to be created between Ireland and the United Kingdom (as well the Crown Dependencies). These are:
The British-Irish Intergovernmental Conference was agreed to replace the Anglo-Irish Intergovernmental Council and the Intergovernmental Conference created under the 1985 Anglo-Irish Agreement.
The Conference takes the form of regular and frequent meetings between the British and Irish ministers to promote co-operation at all levels between both Governments. On matters not devolved to Northern Ireland, the Government of Ireland may put forward view and proposals. All decisions of the Conference will be by agreement between both Governments and the two Governments agreed to make determined efforts to resolve disagreements between them.
The British-Irish Council, is made up of ministerial representatives from the British and Irish governments, the devolved administrations of the UK (Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales), as well as from the Isle of Man, Jersey, and Guernsey (Crown dependencies of the United Kingdom). The purpose of the Council is to promote co-operations and pose a forum for the creation of common policies.
Under the agreement, it was proposed that the already-existing British-Irish Interparliamentary Body would be built upon. Prior to the agreement, the Body was composed of parliamentarians from the British and Irish parliaments only. In 2001, as suggested by the Agreement, it was expanded to incorporate parliamentarians from all of the members of the British-Irish Council.
These institutional arrangements created across these three strands are set out in the Agreement as being "interlocking and interdependent". In particular, the functioning of the Northern Ireland Assembly and the North/South Ministerial Council are stated to be "so closely inter-related that the success of each depends on that of the other" and participation in the North/South Ministerial Council is "one of the essential responsibilities attaching to relevant posts in Ireland and the Republic of Ireland."
Decommissioning and normalisation.
Against the background of political violence during the Troubles, the Agreement committed the participants to "exclusively democratic and peaceful means of resolving differences on political issues". This took two aspects:
The participants to the Agreement comprised two sovereign states (the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland) with armed and police forces involved in the Troubles. Two political parties, Sinn Féin and the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) were linked to paramilitary organisations: the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) and the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) respectively. The Ulster Democratic Party (UDP), which was linked to the Ulster Defence Association (UDA), had withdrawn from the talks three months previously.
The multi-party agreement committed the parties to "use any influence they may have" to bring about the decommissioning of all paramilitary arms within two years of the referendums approving the Agreement. The process of normalisation, committed the British government to the reduction in the number and role of its armed forces in Northern Ireland "to levels compatible with a normal peaceful society". This included the removal of security installations and the removal of special emergency powers in Northern Ireland. The Irish government committed to a "wide-ranging review" of its Offences against the State legislation relating to the suppression of terrorism.
The Agreement called for the establishment of an independent commission to review policing arrangements in Northern Ireland "including means of encouraging widespread community support" for those arrangements. The British government also committed to a "wide-ranging review" of the criminal justice system in Northern Ireland.
Both the British and Irish governments committed to the early release of prisoners serving sentences in connection with the activities of paramilitary groups, provided that those groups continued to maintain "a complete and unequivocal ceasefire".
A date of May 2000 was set for total disarming of all paramilitary groups. This was not achieved leading the Assembly to be suspended on a number of occasions as a consequence of Unionist objections. A series of rounds of decommissioning by the IRA took place (in October 2001, April 2002 and October 2003) and in July 2005 the IRA announced the formal end of its campaign. Loyalist decommissioning did not follow immediately in kind. In June 2009, the UVF announced they had completed decommissioning and the UDA confirmed it had started to decommission its arsenal.
Equality and human rights.
The Agreement affirmed a commitment to "the mutual respect, the civil rights and the religious liberties of everyone in the community". The multi-party agreement recognised "the importance of respect, understanding and tolerance in relation to linguistic diversity", especially in relation to the Irish language, Ulster Scots, and the languages of Northern Ireland's ethnic minorities, "all of which are part of the cultural wealth of the island of Ireland".
The British government committed to incorporate the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR) into the law of Northern Ireland and to the establishment of a Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission. Setting statutory obligations for public authorities in Northern Ireland to carry out their work "with due regard to the need to promote equality of opportunity was set as a particular priority." The Irish government committed to " steps to further the protection of human rights in its jurisdiction" and to the establishment of an Irish Human Rights Commission.
Referendums.
Under the agreement, the British and Irish governments committed to organising referendums on 22 May 1998, in Northern Ireland and in the Republic respectively. The Northern Ireland referendum was to approve the Agreement reached in the multi-party talks. The Republic of Ireland referendum was to approve the British-Irish Agreement and to facilitate the amendment of the Constitution of Ireland in accordance with the Agreement.
The result of these referendums was a large majority in both parts of Ireland in favour of the Agreement. In the Republic, 56% of the electorate voted, with 94% of the votes in favour of the amendment to the Constitution. The turnout in Northern Ireland was 81%, with 71% of the votes in favour of the Agreement.
In the Republic, the electorate voted upon the nineteenth amendment to the Constitution of Ireland. This amendment both permitted the state to comply with the Belfast Agreement and provided for the removal of the 'territorial claim' contained in Articles 2 and 3. A referendum on the Amsterdam Treaty (Eighteenth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland) was held on the same day.
Implementation.
Direct London rule came to an end in Northern Ireland when power was formally devolved to the new Northern Ireland Assembly, the North-South Ministerial Council and the British-Irish Council when commencement orders for the British-Irish Agreement came into effect on 2 December 1999. However, Article 4(2) of the British-Irish Agreement (the Agreement between the British and Irish governments for the implementation of the Belfast Agreement) required the two governments to notify each other in writing of the completion of the requirements for the entry into force of the British-Irish Agreement; entry into force was to be upon the receipt of the latter of the two notifications.
The British government agreed to participate in a televised ceremony at Iveagh House in Dublin, the Irish department of foreign affairs. Peter Mandelson, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, attended early on 2 December 1999. He exchanged notifications with David Andrews, the Irish foreign minister. Shortly after the ceremony, at 10.30 am, the Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern signed the declaration formally amending Articles 2 & 3 of the Irish Constitution. He then announced to the Dáil that the British-Irish Agreement had entered into force (including certain supplementary agreements concerning the Belfast Agreement).
The Assembly and Executive were eventually established in December 1999 on the understanding that decommissioning would begin immediately, but were suspended within two months due to lack of progress, before being re-established in May 2000 as Provisional IRA decommissioning eventually began. Aside from the decommissioning issue, however, ongoing paramilitary activity (albeit relatively low level compared to the past) by the Provisional Irish Republican Army—e.g., arms importations, smuggling, organised crime, "punishment beatings", intelligence-gathering and rioting—was also a stumbling block. The loyalist paramilitaries also continued similar activity although as they were not represented by a significant political party, their position was less central to political change.
The overall result of these problems was to damage confidence among unionists in the Agreement, which was exploited by the anti-Agreement DUP which eventually defeated the pro-Agreement Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) in the 2003 Assembly election. The UUP had already resigned from the power-sharing Executive in 2002 following arrests of Sinn Féin personnel on charges of gathering intelligence for use by terrorists. These charges were eventually dropped in 2005 on the controversial grounds that pursuit would not be "in the public interest". Immediately afterwards, one of the accused Sinn Féin members, Denis Donaldson was exposed as a British agent.
In 2004, negotiations were held between the two governments, the DUP, and Sinn Féin on an agreement to re-establish the institutions. These talks failed, but a document published by the governments detailing changes to the Belfast Agreement became known as the 'Comprehensive Agreement'. On 26 September 2005, however, it was announced that the Provisional Irish Republican Army had completely decommissioned its arsenal of weapons and "put them beyond use". Nonetheless, many unionists, most notably the DUP, remained sceptical and agreement on how to restore the power-sharing assembly still had not been reached as of July 2006. Of the loyalist paramilitaries, only the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF) had decommissioned any weapons. Further negotiations took place in October 2006, leading to the St Andrews Agreement.
In May 2007, a power sharing executive was again established to govern Northern Ireland in devolved matters. The second Northern Ireland Executive consisted of the DUP and Sinn Féin, with Ian Paisley of the DUP as First Minister and Martin McGuinness of Sinn Féin as Deputy First Minister. Although Paisley was the head of the government, he and Martin McGuinness held equal powers within the Northern Ireland Assembly government.
Paisley retired from the office of First Minister and from the leadership of the DUP on 5 June 2008 and was succeeded in both functions by Peter Robinson. In the third Northern Ireland Executive the same political relationship now exists between Robinson and McGuinness as existed formerly between Paisley and McGuinness.
Similarities and differences with the Sunningdale Agreement.
Some commentators have referred to the Agreement as "Sunningdale for slow learners", which suggests that it was nothing more than what was on offer in the Sunningdale Agreement of 1973. This assertion has been criticised by political scientists one of whom stated that "..there are... significant differences between them and Belfast, both in terms of content and the circumstances surrounding their negotiation, implementation, and operation". 
The main issues omitted by Sunningdale and addressed by the Belfast agreement are the principle of self-determination, the recognition of both national identities, the British-Irish intergovernmental cooperation and the legal procedures to make power-sharing mandatory, such as the cross-community vote and the d'Hondt system to appoint ministers to the executive. Former IRA member and journalist Tommy McKearney says that the main difference is the intention of the British government to broker a comprehensive deal by including the IRA and the most uncompromising unionism.
As well as the number of signatories, Stefan Wolff identifies the following similarities and differences between the issues addressed in the two agreements:

</doc>
<doc id="19952488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952488" title="Tsay Keh Dene">
Tsay Keh Dene

Stay Keh Dene, meaning "people of the rocks" in the Sekani language, may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19952499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952499" title="USS Wahpeton">
USS Wahpeton

USS "Wahpeton" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19952518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952518" title="Geography of South-Central Siberia">
Geography of South-Central Siberia

This article covers the region of Siberia west of Lake Baikal and north of the Altai Mountains. It is intended to tie together a number of articles that are hard to understand in isolation.
The map at right shows the Kemerovo Oblast which runs from the Altai Republic in the south to the Kuznetsk Alatau Mountains in the north. It is a belt of mountains with steppe on both sides. Since this line makes a convenient landmark, we will look first at the Altai, then the Kuznetsk Alatau and then the west and east sides of the line. The line separates the upper basins of the Ob and Yenisei Rivers.
The Four Corners.
At about 88 degrees east the borders of Russia, China, Mongolia and Kazakhstan come together to form an X in the Altai Mountains. Mongolia and Kazakhstan do not touch but are separated by a 40 km Russo-Chinese border. North of the X is the Russian Altai. South of the X is the Altay Prefecture (need check) of Dzungaria in
Xinjiang China. East of the X is the Tavan Bogd Uul in the
Bayan-Ölgii Province of Mongolia. West of the X is the East Kazakhstan Province of Kazakhstan.
Only the eastern tip of this province is mountainous.
The Irtysh River flows northwest from Dzungaria through the steppe on the southwest side of the X.
South: Altai Republic.
At the top of the X is the Altai Republic (not to be confused with the Altai Krai to the northwest). It contains the central knot to the Altai Mountains. The area is very mountainous and still has few good roads. It was inhabited by various Turkic groups who gradually became the Altay people. As the surrounding steppes filled with Russians, many of the lowland Turks were Russified or retreated to the mountains. It only came under definitive Russian control in the 1860s. The M52 highway (Russia) runs northwest from here.
North: Abakans and Kuznetsk Alatau.
North of the Altai is the 400 km projection of forested mountains which bends slightly to the west at the tip. It is called the
Abakan Range in the south (need boundary) and Kuznetsk Alatau in the north. The name (Kuznets=blacksmith) comes from the 'Blacksmith Tatars' or Shors, who were notable metal workers. The Russians reached the area as early as 1618. The Abakans, Kuznetsk Alatau and the Kuznetsk Basin form the Kemerovo Oblast with its mostly Russian population.
West: Kuznetsk Depression.
The Salair Ridge extends northwest from the Abakans forming a sort to thumb. Between the 'thumb' and the 'fingers' is the steppe of the Kuznetsk Depression, which contains the large Kuznetsk Basin coal fields.
Tom River drains the east side of the basin and joins the Ob River north of Tomsk. The town of Novokuznetsk was founded in 1618
To the west of this is the agricultural steppe of the Altai Krai with its Russian population. Here Katun River and Biya Rivers join to form the Ob River.
Further west, between the Ob and Irtysh River are the Baraba steppe in the north and the Kalunda Steppe in the south.
East: Minusinsk Depression.
To the east, between the Kuznetsk Alatau and the Sayans, is the steppe of the Minusinsk Depression. The Yenisei River flows north through its center.
The Abakan River flows from the base of the depression north and slightly east to the Yenisei at Abakan town, near where a (name?) river comes in from the east. Minusinsk town is a few miles east of Abakan.
The Chulym River (Ob River) starts in the northwest corner of the depression, arcs into the Taiga north of the Alatau and joins the Ob River. Between the mountains and the
Yenisei is the Khakassia republic. East of the river is the southern tip of Krasnoyarsk Krai.
This area was a centre of the Afanasevo culture, a suggested homeland for the Tocharians.
Later it was the home of the Yenisei Kirghiz, who gave their name to the Kirgiz further south.
The Khakas of Khakassia may be their descendents.
East of Minusinsk are the Sayan Mountains which form a twisted 'T'. The Eastern Sayans run from the upper Minusinsk Depression
about 650 km east and slightly south almost to the tip of Lake Baikal. The Western Sayans run northeast from the Altai about 600 km and meet the Eastern Sayans near their western end, separating the Minusinsk Depression from Tuva.
North of the Sayans is mostly permafrost and Taiga with a few patches of steppe around Lake Baikal. Here the proper steppe is south of the border in Mongolia.
Southeast: Tuva.
East of the Altai and southeast of Minusinsk is Tuva. Tuva is bounded on the south by the
Tannu-Ola Mountains, which separate it from the Mongolian Great Lakes Depression, on the west by the Altai, on the northwest by the Western Sayans which separate it from the Minusinsk Depression, on the north by the Eastern Sayans and on the east by (name?) mountains on the Mongolian border.
The core area is the Tuva Depression with the capital Kyzyl. The Yenisei River flows west here and then breaks through the Western Sayans in a long narrow gorge which contains the Sayano-Shushenskaya Dam north of the Tuva border. Tuva is somewhat boot-shaped facing west. The shank of the boot is separated from the Tuva Depression by the (name?) mountains. Tuva was traditionally part of Mongolia and only passed to Russian in the 20th century.
Also.
Large Towns:
Tomsk is about 50 km north of the Kuznetsk Alatau.
Novosibirsk is about 100 km northwest of the Salair 'thumb' on the Ob River.
Krasnoyarsk is about 100 km north of the Minusinsk Depression on the Yenesei.
The Trans-Siberian Railway runs from Novosibirsk to Krasnoyarsk. There is a parallel line to the south.
Forest and Steppe: The area to the west is steppe or forest-steppe. The steppe curves around north of the Kuznetsk Alatau into the Minusinsk Depression. The land to the north and east is Taiga.
The Russians first entered the area about 1620. Seeking furs, they stayed in the forest area to the north. Massive peasant colonization of the steppe area only began after about 1860.
Orphan Articles: The following places are in the area and need to have their exact location established:
Ukok Plateau Saylyugem Mountains
Lake Kanas Darkhad valley Pazyryk

</doc>
<doc id="19952519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952519" title="2007–08 Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. season">
2007–08 Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. season

The 2007–08 season was Inverness Caledonian Thistle's fourth in the Scottish Premier League and 14th since the merger that created the club. They also competed in the Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup.
Scottish Premier League.
Caley Thistle finished 9th of 12 teams in the SPL, on 43 points from 38 matches. They managed only a disappointing −11 goal differential, from 51 goals scored and 62 allowed. It was a mixed season for statistics, as this tied the club's record for goals scored in an SPL season, set in 2004–05, but also demolished their record for SPL goals conceded by 14. But overall, it could be called a poor season for the Caley, with the lowest total points and lowest finishing league standing since their promotion in 2004.
The exception to this poor form, and the main reason for the team's survival in the SPL, was the month of December. A streak that included wins against Hearts and Celtic earned Craig Brewster Manager of the Month and Marius Niculae Player of the Month honors.
Scottish Cup.
To go along with the lackluster league season was a short and poor Scottish Cup. Caley Thistle entered the tournament in the fourth round, and faced Hibernian at Easter Road. Dean Shiels scored a hat trick and sunk Caley's hopes for a cup run at the first possible point as the match finished 3–0 to Hibs.
League Cup.
The League Cup provided a bit more positive news for Caley Thistle fans, as the club reached the quarterfinals for the second time in three seasons, on the strength of a 4–1 win over Arbroath and a 3–0 win over Gretna. The run stopped abruptly, however, away to Aberdeen, who beat Caley Thistle 4–1 on the strength of another hat trick (albeit including two penalties), this time from Barry Nicholson.
Results.
All the results of the regular matches 

</doc>
<doc id="19952539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952539" title="The Love Songs (Chris de Burgh album)">
The Love Songs (Chris de Burgh album)

The Love Songs is the fourth compilation album by Chris de Burgh, released by A&M Records in 1997. Three new tracks are included in addition to songs found on previous albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Chris de Burgh.
'* New tracks not found on previous albums

</doc>
<doc id="19952551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952551" title="Souls Protest">
Souls Protest

Souls Protest (; literally "Living Souls") is a 2000 North Korean film directed by Kim Chun-song. The film is an epic dramatisation of the "Ukishima Maru" incident in which hundreds of Koreans were killed when the ship was sunk by a mysterious explosion, and supports the Korean view that the explosion was deliberately set off by the ship's Japanese crew. It has been dubbed as "Korea's "Titanic"".
"Souls Protest" was imported to South Korea by Narai Film, a Seoul-based film trader, and was approved for release after five minutes of footage was cut which showed jubliant Koreans crediting Kim Il-sung with liberating Korea from Japanese colonial rule. The film was shown intact, however, for its Seoul premiere on 24 August 2001, the 56th anniversary of the incident. One survivor of the incident, Lee Chul-woo, said of the film: "I didn't like the propaganda stuff about Kim Il Sung... But the scene about the explosion was so real, and it is laudable for North Korea to make a movie about this incident."
"Souls Protest" was later screened at the 2003 Jeonju International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19952576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952576" title="Herlihy">
Herlihy

Herlihy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19952598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952598" title="Roesler">
Roesler

Roesler is a red Austrian wine grape developed in 1970 by Dr. Gertraud Mayer at Höhere Bundeslehranstalt und das Bundesamt für Wein- und Obstbau in Klosterneuburg, Austria. It is the result of a crossing Zweigelt x (Seyve-Villard 18-402 x Blaufränkisch) and is named after the former director of Austria's oldest viticultural college, Leonard Roesler. The variety is deep in color and with abundant extract. It is frost resistant and can withstand temperatures as low as -25ºC (-13ºF). It is also resistant to mildew.

</doc>
<doc id="19952637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952637" title="List of Rugby Football League seasons">
List of Rugby Football League seasons

A list of Rugby Football League seasons since its inception as the Northern Rugby Football Union in 1895:

</doc>
<doc id="19952665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952665" title="Cimoliasaurus">
Cimoliasaurus

Cimoliasaurus was a plesiosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) of New Jersey. It grew from 13 to 25 ft long.
References.
http://www.palaeos.com/Vertebrates/Units/220Lepidosauromorpha/220.820.html#Cimoliasaurus

</doc>
<doc id="19952666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952666" title="Erich Göstl">
Erich Göstl

Erich Göstl was a member of the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Göstl was born in Vienna on April 17, 1925. In World War II, he was a member of the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler during the Normandy Campaign where he was in the 6th Company, 1st SS Panzergrenadier Regiment, deployed near the French town of Tilly, a few kilometers from Caen.
Then a 19 year old, Göstl was a machine gunner, manning an MG-42, defending his position against a British (possibly Canadian) attack. During heavy fighting he was shot in his left eye. Shrapnel then wounded him in his upper left arm. Undaunted he continued to fire and was then hit in the other eye, which "almost tore his head off". Even then, completely blinded, he continued to return fire from his machine gun post, alone and shooting at what he could hear, as he was completely unable to see anything. He continued to hold out behind his machine gun and received another hit in his right cheek and nose area of his torn-up face. Göstl held until the enemy attack was ultimately repelled, but it is believed that only because of a jam in the machine gun was Göstl's machine gun silenced. His friend Elmar Bonn worked his way forward to him and with the help of some other men was able to bring him back to a safe position, while under fire. Throughout, he "was suffering horrible pain" and was bleeding heavily from the face.
Göstl survived and was sent to a field hospital before being evacuated to Germany. He was in the school for the War Blind in Cerninpalast, Prague when he was awarded the Knight's Cross. Göstl's story was not used, or selected for propaganda purposes in Nazi Germany; it has been speculated that this was due to the severity of his injuries, but this has never been substantiated by documentation. As a result the account was not widely known during the final years of the war.
His regimental commander, Standartenfuhrer Albert Frey described awarding him the Cross and his action as follows (translated from German);
Göstl later described his actions as, "only doing my duty". He would also say of staying at his position, "I couldn't do anything else at the time". Along with all Axis military personnel at the end of hostilities, he became a prisoner of war and was released in April 1946. He went on, with great assistance from his wife, to earn a Doctorate Law Degree from the University of Vienna. He died, at the age of 65, on October 28, 1990, in Sankt Jakob, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19952670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952670" title="Florida's Shipwrecks">
Florida's Shipwrecks

"Florida's Shipwrecks" is a 2008 history book by Michael C. Barnette about shipwrecks in the coastal waters of Florida. Barnette has been actively diving and researching shipwrecks for close to twenty years, and this has resulted in the identification of seventeen wreck sites. He applies this knowledge and passion for wrecks to this overview of shipwrecks around Florida. Barnette's "diligent research" details famous ship owners and those who used the ships. The photographs are a "truly amazing" collection of yachts and tankers in "their full glory" and before they sank below the surface.
The first chapter, "After the Storm", begins by reviewing shipwrecks left following the many hurricanes that have disrupted the shipping trade. The second chapter, "River of Gold", is an overview of the wrecks from Spanish treasure ships such as the "Atocha". The third chapter, "Coursing waters", centers on wrecks from shipping that occurred before rail systems became popular for shipping. The fourth chapter, "Legacy of War", reviews wrecks that remained following the heavy German U-boat activity during World War II. The fifth chapter, "That Sinking Feeling", brings the reader to the modern wrecks reminding them of the unforgiving nature of the sea.
This book by Arcadia Publishing is another in their "Images of America" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19952690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952690" title="Eusuchia">
Eusuchia

The Eusuchia ("true crocodiles") are a clade of crocodylomorphs that first appears in the Early Cretaceous with "Hylaeochampsa". All living crocodilian species are eusuchians, as are many extinct forms.
Description.
Unlike primitive crocodylomorphs, crocodyliforms have secondary bony palates. This feature enables living crocodylians to safely breathe in through their nostrils while the rest of the head (including the mouth) remains submerged. This structure reaches its greatest elaboration among eusuchians, in which the internal nares are completely surrounded by the pterygoid bones.
Phylogeny.
Cladogram after Holliday and Gardner, 2012:
Below is a cladogram after Puértolas, Canudo and Cruzado-Caballero, 2011:

</doc>
<doc id="19952695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952695" title="Alt.gothic">
Alt.gothic

alt.gothic is a popular Usenet group mainly frequented by goths. It is the canonical net.goth forum, and the birthplace of Convergence.
References in Media.
Spooner and McEvoy describes alt.gothic as a way for the Net.goth community to be able to truly be themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="19952710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952710" title="Howard F. Sachs">
Howard F. Sachs

Howard Frederic Sachs (born September 13, 1925) is a United States District Judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. He also is a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Sachs earned a bachelor's degree from Williams College in 1947 and a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1950.
Professional career.
Sachs worked as a U.S. Navy Electrical Technician's Mate from 1944 until 1946, and he worked as a law clerk for Judge Albert A. Ridge for the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri from 1950 until 1951.
Sachs then entered private legal practice in Kansas City, where he worked as a lawyer from 1951 until 1979.
Federal judicial service.
On May 17, 1979, President Jimmy Carter nominated Sachs to a newly created seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. Sachs was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 25, 1979. Sachs served as that court's chief judge from 1990 until 1992. He took senior status on October 31, 1992.
Failed nomination to the Eighth Circuit.
On July 29, 1980, President Jimmy Carter nominated Sachs to be a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit to fill a seat vacated when Judge Floyd Robert Gibson assumed senior status. However, given that the nomination occurred after the unofficial Thurmond Rule governing judicial nominations during presidential election years, the Senate never took up Sachs' nomination. President Ronald Reagan initially brought forth the name of Hallmark Cards associate general counsel Judith Whittaker (born June 12, 1938) as a nominee to replace Floyd Gibson. However, after it emerged that Whittaker had supported the Equal Rights Amendment, conservatives opposing her nomination launched a letter-writing campaign objecting to her nomination, and Whittaker eventually withdrew her name from consideration. Reagan ultimately wound up nominating U.S. District Judge John R. Gibson to the seat in February 1982. Judge John R. Gibson was confirmed on March 4, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19952713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952713" title="Sega Race TV">
Sega Race TV

Sega Race TV is a racing game for the Sega Lindbergh arcades. It was released in 2008.
Featured cars.
The eight cars featured in the game are Ford Mustang GT, Chevrolet Camaro Concept, Chevrolet Corvette C3 Stingray, Plymouth HEMI Cuda, Mazda MX-5, Mitsubishi Eclipse, Ruf RK Roadster, Plymouth Prowler and Mercury Convertible, all exist in convertible forms. All can be customized, and customized cars can be obtained through passwords in an arcade cabinet.
Development.
This was the only game Yu Suzuki was successfully able to complete after his departure from Sega AM2, the other 2 projects that he worked on Psy-Phi & Shenmue Online were never released.
SEGA RACE TV was Yu Suzuki's last game with SEGA, he established his own studio YS.NET and subsequently retired from the company.

</doc>
<doc id="19952735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952735" title="USS Wahpeton (YTM-527)">
USS Wahpeton (YTM-527)

The first USS "Wahpeton" (YTB-527), later YTM-527, was a harbor tug in commission from 1946 through at least 1979.
"Wahpeton" was laid down on 23 June 1945 at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company, Inc. She was launched on 29 September 1945, sponsored by Mrs. Emery H. Price, the wife of Congressman Emery H. Price, a member of the U.S. House Naval Affairs Committee, and was completed on 2 January 1946.
Listed as "out of service" with the Texas group of the National Defense Reserve Fleet as of March 1946, "Wahpeton" was activated in August 1946. She was assigned to the 6th Naval District and placed in service at Charleston, South Carolina, soon thereafter. She was reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-527 in February 1962.
From 1968 until 1974, she was one of two U.S. Navy tugs in service as USS "Wahpeton", the other being tug USS "Wahpeton" (YTM-757).
"Wahpeton" was stricken from the Navy List on 31 December 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19952748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952748" title="Riverhurst, Saskatchewan">
Riverhurst, Saskatchewan

Riverhurst is a village in the south-west Coteau Hills area of Saskatchewan, Canada and is north of Vermillion Hills. It is primarily a farming community.
Riverhurst is situated close to the east bank of Lake Diefenbaker, and is the location of the Riverhurst Ferry, a cable ferry that crosses the lake to Lucky Lake on the west bank. Highway 42 (which provides access to the community) crosses Lake Diefenbaker by the Riverhurst Ferry. The village is located 8km south of the Elbow crater.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police Constable Thomas Brian King (who was shot to death in Saskatoon) lived in Riverhurst. 

</doc>
