<doc id="19834107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834107" title="Ecole Supérieure de Réalisation Audiovisuelle">
Ecole Supérieure de Réalisation Audiovisuelle

Ecole Supérieure de Réalisation Audiovisuelle is a French educational academy (Paris, Nice, Rennes) which specialises in the training of cinema, television, photography, sound engineering and digital art through the Desra (Diplôme d'études supérieures de réalisation audiovisuelle) diploma, the DESTS (Diplôme d'études supérieures des téchniques du son) and the DESFA (Diplôme d'études supérieures du Film d'animation).
ESRA was created in 1972 in Paris by Max Azoulay.
Since 2007, the students can continue their studies for a fourth year in New York city.
In 2007, the school created two year specialization studies (mastère) in Paris.
People.
Professors.
Professors of Paris.
Professors ESRA:
Histoire du cinéma
Docteur en cinématographie, Maîtrise de conférences en cinéma à l'Université de Caen.
Scénario
Scénariste, Licencié en Histoire, Critique aux Cahiers du Cinéma.
Diplômé du Conservatoire Européen d'écriture audiovisuelle, Ancien élève de l'ESRA
Mise en scène:
Ancien élève de l'ENS, Agrégé de Lettres, Maîtrise de conférence d'Études cinématographiques à l'Université Paris VII
Direction artistique, production publicitaire et story-board:
Directeur artistique, Ancien élève de l'École Charpentier.
Reportage :
Chef de Service à France télévision, Ancien élève de l'ESRA.
Assistanat de réalisation, régie générale et production:
Directeur de production. Maîtrise de psychologie.
Directeur de production Long Métrage, Enseignant chargé de cours à l'Université Paris III.
Technique cinéma et Lumière:
Directeur de la Photographie, Ancien élève de Louis Lumière.
Chef opérateur, Ancien élève de Louis Lumière.
Culture Musicale:
Maîtrise de musicologie, Chef d'orchestre, Compositeur et Arrangeur.
Anglais:
Maîtrise de réalisation cinéma et télévision, USC, CAPES of English.
Professors ISTS:
Technologie des équipements, technique son:
Ingénieur E.E.M.S., Sound Engineer.
Esthétique sonore et technique de mise en œuvre:
Sound Engineers.
Techniques de prise de son sonorisation:
Sound Engineer.
Acoustique et son audiovisuel:
Ancien élève de Louis Lumière.
Acoustique et physique appliquée:
Dea d'acoustique appliquée agrégé de mécanique.
Culture Artistique:
Dea de philosophie, Acousmaticien.
Electronique appliquée:
Dut de génie électrique option électronique et informatique industrielle.
Anglais:
Maîtrise d'anglais, USF.
Réalisation artistique:
Réalisateur artistique, compositeur, arrangeur et ingénieur du son.
Culture générale Mise en scène:
Docteur auprès de l'Université de Paris I.
Professors SUP’INFOGRAPH:
Histoire du cinéma:
Docteur en cinématographie, Maîtrise de conférences en cinéma à l'Université de Caen.
Direction artistique production publicitaire et story-board:
Directeur artistique, Ancien élève de l'École Charpentier.
Technique lumière:
Directeur de la Photographie Ancien élève de Louis Lumière.
Image 3 D:
Diplômé des Beaux-Arts, Maîtrise d'Arts Plastiques, DEA d'Esthétiques et Sciences de l'Art (la Sorbonne), DESS d'Images de synthèse 3D.
Infographiste 3D, Chef décorateur
Anglais:
Dessin:
Diplôme National des Beaux-Arts Prix Villa Médicis
Diploma of the Gerrit Rietveld Academie.
Scénario:
CEEA, an ESRA previous student.
Esthétique de l'image:
Doctorat de recherches cinématographiques et audiovisuelles Paris III.
Histoire du Dessin animé:
Chef de rubrique Ciné Télé, Diplômé des Beaux-Arts.
Mise en scène:
Historien du film d'animation, journaliste pour le cinéma d'animation et les images numériques, diplômé des Beaux-Arts.
Professors of Nice.
Professors ISTS:
Technique Son:
Production:
Illustration Musicale au Cinéma:
Design Sonore:
Professors of Rennes.
Mise en scène, Scénario:
Perception de l'espace:
Histoire du cinéma:
Technique sonore:
Histoire de la BD:

</doc>
<doc id="19834113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834113" title="Robin Sewell">
Robin Sewell

Robin Sewell (born 22 December 1979) is a professional ballroom dancer. He was born in Durban, South Africa.
He has danced competitively with: Beate Kaulitz (? - June 2001), Elisabeth Haraldsdottir (January 2002 - November 2003), Nuria Santalucia (December 2003 - June 2005), Nicole Cutler (June 2005 - June 2006), and Alarna Donovan (January 2007 - January 2008). He has no current professional dancing partner.
Robin Sewell with Elisabeth Haraldsdottir (Iceland) was the Amateur Latin Open Champion in 2002. His partnership with Nicole Cutler saw them become runners-up in the closed British Championships and ranked second in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19834117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834117" title="Sandy Pond Beach Unique Area">
Sandy Pond Beach Unique Area

Sandy Pond Beach Unique Area is a New York State conservation area located within the eastern Lake Ontario dunes. It lies at the north end of a spit of land dividing North Sandy Pond from Lake Ontario, and is about north of Sandy Island Beach State Park. There is no road access to the area, which can be most easily reached by boat. For this reason, local residents have long referred to the beach as "Boaters' Beach".
There is a bird sanctuary on the northernmost tip of this area that hosts large numbers of shorebirds during migration; the Unique Area is part of the Eastern Lake Ontario Marshes Bird Conservation Area that also includes Deer Creek Marsh, Lakeview, and Black Pond Wildlife Management Areas. Visitors and pets are not allowed in the bird sanctuary.
The area was purchased by The Nature Conservancy in 1994 from two private owners who were concerned about preservation of the land; the purchase price was about $300,000. The new conservation area was named the Sandy Pond Beach Natural Area. The purchase was followed by a restoration effort involving beachgrass plantings and construction of boardwalks, which prevent damage to the beachgrass by foot traffic. The Nature Conservancy properties have been purchased by New York State to create the Unique Area, which is part of the New York State Forest system.
The Unique Area has also been designated a New York Natural Heritage Area.
Recreation notes.
The "Region 7 Draft Recreation Master Plan" indicates the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19834120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834120" title="Children of the Bride">
Children of the Bride

Children of the Bride is a 1990 TV movie directed by Jonathan Sanger. The film premiered in 1990 and was released on DVD in 2003. The film was followed by "Baby of the Bride" (1991) and "Mother of the Bride" (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="19834121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834121" title="Southern Freeez (song)">
Southern Freeez (song)

"Southern Freeez" is the second single from British dance music group Freeez. It was released on the debut album of the same name.
Song information.
Freeez gained higher sales with this record than with the previous single, "Keep In Touch". "Southern Freeez" reached the top 10 of the UK national charts during February 1981 ("Keep In Touch" only reached number #49 in UK).
Special musical guest Ingrid Mansfield Allman provided vocals on the record.
The titular Southern Freeez is attested to derive from a dance move, "The Freeze," used by clubbers in the "Royalty" club, Southgate in the early 1980s. A then-popular track, "The Groove" by Rodney Franklin, has moments where the band drops out for a bar, and a style of freezing movement at these points took hold.
Remix.
In August/September, 1987, the song was remixed and re-released by the label Total Control. The remix reached number #23 in the British singles chart
Cover Versions.
UK Soul Singer Beverley Knight covered 'Southern Freeez' for her 2011 album 'Soul UK.'

</doc>
<doc id="19834129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834129" title="Senavati">
Senavati

Senavati (pronounced sēnāvati) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 7th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Senāgrani in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 2nd "chakra Netra". The mnemonic name is "Netra-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi ma pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The "swaras" in this "rāgam" are "shuddha rishabham, sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "shuddha nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Gavambhodi", which is the 43rd "melakarta" scale..
Asampurna Melakarta.
Senāgrani is the 7th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the ascending scale and descending scales are with "vakra prayoga" (zig-zag order in usage of notes).
"Janya" rāgams.
"Senavati" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for rāgams associated with "Senavati".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Senavati's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Latangi" and "Sooryakantam". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Sooryakantam".

</doc>
<doc id="19834139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834139" title="906th Air Refueling Squadron">
906th Air Refueling Squadron

The 906th Air Refueling Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit. It is an active associate squadron and part of the 375th Air Mobility Wing at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois.
The squadron was first activated in United States military build up just before World War II as the 16th Reconnaissance Squadron. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, the squadron participated in the Antisubmarine Campaign of the American Theater of Operations. As the 406th Bombardment Squadron it also served in the Aleutian Islands Campaign of the Pacific Theater of Operations and several campaigns in the European Theater of Operations. The squadron was unusual in that it received campaign credit in three difference theaters of operation.
The 906th Air Refueling Squadron was activated as part of Strategic Air Command's nuclear deterrent force. It maintained aircraft on alert throughout the Cold War. The squadron deployed aircrews and aircraft to support combat operations in Southeast Asia from the mid 1960s through the early 1970s. It also supported numerous contingency operations from its bases in the northern United States and forward operating locations until moving to Scott in 2009 and becoming an active associate unit of the Illinois Air National Guard.
Mission.
The 906th operates the Boeing KC-135R Stratotanker aircraft conducting air refueling missions. It is an active associate unit and the airmen of the 906th operate and maintain the aircraft of the 108th Air Refueling Squadron of the Illinois Air National Guard.
History.
World War II.
The first predecessor of the 906th Air Refueling Squadron was established as the 16th Reconnaissance Squadron. It was assigned to the 3d Bombardment Wing, but was under the operational control of the 42d Bombardment Group, to which it was assigned the following year. The squadron was equipped with a mixture Douglas B-18 Bolos, Lockheed A-29 Hudsons and a few Martin B-26 Marauder medium bombers. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the squadron flew antisubmarine patrols over the Pacific until early May 1942.
Aleutian Campaign.
Following Pearl Harbor, military planning called for Alaska to be defended by units based in the Zone of the Interior, which would deploy only their air echelons, which would move forward to Alaska as they were needed. The 42d Bombardment Group was tabbed as one of the units to deploy combat elements to Alaska. The Japanese invasion of the Aleutian Islands showed that permanent units were necessary for Alaskan defense. However, because of other demands, only the 406th and the 77th Bombardment Squadrons of the group deployed to Alaska, where they were attached to the 28th Composite Group. The squadron continued antisubmarine operations in the Gulf of Alaska and detachments of the squadron flew combat missions during the Aleutian Campaign from forward bases on Adak and Amchitka with North American B-25 Mitchells, attacking enemy targets on Dutch Harbor that helped force the withdrawal of enemy ships and on Kiska until the Japanese withdrew from the island. The squadron returned to the Continental United States in late 1943 and was briefly assigned to Fourth Air Force.
Combat in Europe.
The squadron moved on paper to the European Theater of Operations in November where it was organized from crews and aircraft formerly assigned to the 479th Antisubmarine Group. The 406th received its cadre at RAF Alconbury from the ground echelon of the 4th Antisubmarine Squadron and the air echelon of the 22d Antisubmarine Squadron, which had been disbanded at RAF Podington. The squadron was equipped with B-24Ds that had been stripped of armament except for the tail turret. The aircraft were painted gloss black overall and the opening left by the removal of the ball turret in the aircrafts' belly was used as an exit for agents being dropped by parachute. In addition, plexiglass bubbles were added to the cockpit side windows to improve visibility for the pilots, 
The unit flew its first Carpetbagger mission to drop supplies to members of the Resistance in Occupied Europe under the guidance of the Royal Air Force (RAF) in early January. In April the squadron moved to RAF Harrington, which was near RAF Tempsford, where the RAF was engaged in similar activities. Carpetbagger missions also began to include the infiltration of agents with most missions flown over occupied France and the low countries. In August 1944 the squadron transferred its personnel and equipment to the 858th Bombardment Squadron of the 492d Bombardment Group, which assumed the Carpetbagger mission.
When the 492d took over the Carpetbagger mission, its 858th Bombardment Squadron, which was engaged in psychological warfare against Nazi Germany, joined it at RAF Harrington. The 406th moved on paper to RAF Cheddington and took over the dozen Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses of the 858th. These aircraft used a laminated paper leaflet bombs that burst at one to two thousand feet above the ground and could accurately deliver 80,000 leaflets. As the squadron assumed its new mission in August 1944, the pace of missions accelerated to about eight per night. Squadron strength expanded to 24 aircraft and the B-17s were replaced by B-24s by the end of the year. The squadron flew these missions over France, Germany, Norway and the low countries. After the surrender of Germany in May 1945, the squadron continued flying missions for the Office of Strategic Services. Just under two billion leaflets were delivered by the night leaflet unit.
In July 1945, the unit returned to the United States, where it was redesignated as a very heavy bombardment squadron. The war in the Pacific Theater ended and the squadron was inactivated in October 1945.
Strategic Air Command.
In 1959 the Air Force assigned the 906th Air Refueling Squadron to Strategic Air Command (SAC), which organized it at Minot Air Force Base, South Dakota in June, where it was assigned to the 4136th Strategic Wing. The 4136th wing was established by SAC in a program to disperse its Boeing B-52 Stratofortress bombers over a larger number of bases, thus making it more difficult for the Soviet Union to knock out the entire fleet with a surprise first strike. The squadron received its first Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker on 23 September 1959 and was judged to be combat ready on 31 October. Starting in 1960, one third of the squadron's aircraft were maintained on fifteen minute alert, fully fueled and ready for combat to reduce vulnerability to a Soviet missile strike. This was increased to half the squadron's aircraft in 1962. The 4136th (and later the 450th and 5th wings) continued to maintain an alert commitment until the end of the Cold War. The 906th refueled B-52s participating in Operation Chrome Dome, the airborne component of SAC's alert force, until Chrome Dome was terminated in 1968. The squadron's ground alert commitment was increased in the fall of 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis, when all available aircraft assumed an alert status. 
In February 1963, The 450th Bombardment Wing assumed the aircraft, personnel and equipment of the discontinued 4136th wing. The 4136th was a Major Command controlled (MAJCON) wing, which could not carry a permanent history or lineage, and SAC wanted to replace it with a permanent unit. The 900th was assigned to the newly-activated 450th wing. In 1966 the squadron was awarded the Saunders Trophy for outstanding refueling operations. 
The squadron deployed aircrews and aircraft to support the Spanish, Great Lakes and Alaskan Tanker Task Forces. It engaged in worldwide operations supporting combat operations in Southeast Asia from 1968 through 1975 through participation in Operation Young Tiger and support for Operation Arc Light. Afterwards it continued to support forward based tanker task forces. It supported combat operations in Southwest Asia from 1990 through 1991.
Air Mobility Command.
In 1992 the air force reorganized its major commands. As a result, the 906th's parent 5th Operations Group was reassigned to Air Combat Command as a bomber unit, while the 906th became an element of Air Mobility Command (AMC) and was assigned as a geographically separated unit to the 43d Operations Group at Malmstrom Air Force Base. This assignment continued until 1994, when AMC decided to make the 319th Air Refueling Wing one of three "super tanker wings" and transferred the squadron to Grand Forks Air Force Base, North Dakota, where it became the second of four tanker squadrons assigned to the wing's 319th Operations Group.
Under AMC control, the unit supported Operation Deny Flight, the United Nations no-fly zone over Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1994 and 1995 from Pisa Airport, Italy and Istres Air Base, France. It supported Operation Uphold Democracy, the United Nations action to remove the military junta and restore the elected president of Haiti in 1995. In 1996 the squadron deployed planes and crews to Riyadh Air Base, Saudi Arabia for Operation Southern Watch, the Southwest Asia Task Force operation to monitor and control airspace in southern Iraq. It also deployed for the sister operation patrolling northern Iraq, Operation Northern Watch.
For three months in the summer of 2000, the squadron was forced to operate from MacDill Air Force Base, Florida as the Grand Forks runways underwent a nine million dollar renovation. For the first time in ten years, following the 9/11 attacks, the squadron once again placed aircraft on alert as part of Operation Noble Freedom and also began support for Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Toward the end of the following year, the squadron began to deploy forward in what became Operation Iraqi Freedom, the war in Iraq.
AMC began to prepare for the end of air refueling operations at Grand Forks in preparation for the arrival of Global Hawk unmanned aircraft. As a result it began to inactivate or transfer the tanker squadrons stationed there. On 2 October 2009 the 906th moved without personnel or equipment from Grand Forks Air Force Base to Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, where it was assigned to the 375th Air Mobility Wing as an active associate unit with the 126th Air Refueling Wing of the Illinois Air National Guard. The 375th maintains administrative control of the squadron, while the 126th has operational control. The airmen of the 906th operate and maintain the aircraft of the 126th wing's 108th Air Refueling Squadron.
Lineage.
406th Bombardment Squadron
906th Air Refueling Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="19834146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834146" title="Andrew Carter (composer)">
Andrew Carter (composer)

Andrew Carter (born 1939) is an English composer, conductor and arranger.
Biography.
Born in Wigston Magna, Leicestershire, Carter studied music at the University of Leeds, before moving to York and joining the choir at the Minster as a bass. Whilst there, in 1965 he founded the Chapter House Choir, a mixed voice ensemble that achieved national renown under his direction of seventeen years. After spending a year conducting and adjudicating in New Zealand (1984), he returned to England to focus on composition.
The Oxford University Press have published more than fifty of his compositions over a period of association spanning twenty-five years. The famous Nine Lessons and Carols service broadcast annually on the BBC by the Choir of King's College, Cambridge, has included several of his carols, including "A maiden most gentle" and "Mary's Magnificat".
A notable moment in Carter's musical career was a commission in 1997 to write a mass ("Missa Sancti Pauli") for the tercentenary celebration of St Paul's Cathedral in London. In 2007, he composed a 22-variation "Passacaglia" for organ to mark the 90th birthday of the former York Minster organist Francis Jackson.
He travels extensively in Europe and Australia and New Zealand as a choral director.

</doc>
<doc id="19834151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834151" title="ECML PKDD">
ECML PKDD

ECML PKDD, the European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, is one of the leading academic conferences on machine learning and knowledge discovery, held in Europe every year.
History.
ECML PKDD is a merger of two European conferences, European Conference on Machine Learning (ECML) and European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (PKDD). ECML and PKDD have been co-located since 2001; however, both ECML and PKDD retained their own identity until 2007. For example, the 2007 conference was known as “the 18th European Conference on Machine Learning (ECML) and the 11th European Conference
on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (PKDD)”, or in brief, “ECML/PKDD 2007”, and the both ECML and PKDD had their own conference proceedings. In 2008 the conferences were merged into one conference, and the division into traditional ECML topics and traditional PKDD topics was removed.
The history of ECML dates back to 1986, when the "European Working Session on Learning" was first held. In 1993 the name of the conference was changed to European Conference on Machine Learning.
PKDD was first organised in 1997. Originally PKDD stood for the "European Symposium on Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from Databases". The name "European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases" was used since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19834156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834156" title="16th Electronic Warfare Squadron">
16th Electronic Warfare Squadron

The 16th Electronic Warfare Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 53d Electronic Warfare Group at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. It was formed in 1985 by the consolidation of three units.
The 16th Aero Squadron, a World War I squadron that provided maintenance support for aeronautical units on the Western Front.
The 16th Reconnaissance Squadron, which served during the years between the World Wars as an observation squadron, with its flights located with various Army schools. During World War II, the squadron served in the Mediterranean, where it was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation for its performance from October 1943 to January 1944.
The 16th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron, which served as a long range photographic unit during the early years of the Cold War.
Mission.
The 16th Electronic Warfare Squadron (EWS) provides electronic warfare test facilities for mission data and electronic warfare systems test and evaluation. Its personnel assess the maintainability, reliability, suitability, and readiness of electronic warfare systems and support equipment, and perform test and evaluation of new concepts for electronic warfare systems. They also monitor developmental testing conducted by acquisition agencies. The 16th EWS develops, fabricates and maintains test instrumentation and performs acceptance tests of all new electronic warfare related hardware and software and supports training for maintenance and operational units worldwide. The squadron also provides technicians and equipment to execute the COMBAT SHIELD Electronic Warfare Assessment Program. The 16th EWS has more than $450 million in assets, including eight system integration laboratories and five mobile test facilities.
Detachment 1 of the 16 EWS is located at Tyndall AFB, Florida and provides maintenance support for adversary electronic attack training pods used for air-to-air electronic warfare training. These pods are repaired and modified at Tyndall AFB and shipped to fighter units worldwide. Det 1, 16 EWS also maintains electronic attack payloads for full-scale and subscale drones in support of live-fire missile testing under the COMBAT ARCHER Weapon System Evaluation Program.
History.
The squadron was originally established as an Air Service flying training unit in May 1917, conducting flying training for air cadets in the Midwest throughout the summer. It deployed to France in January 1918, becoming an aircraft maintenance organization in rear areas of the Western Front. It remained in France until May 1919 when squadron returned to the United States and demobilized.
The 16th Squadron was established in 1921 as an observation squadron, attached to Army ground units throughout the 1920s and 1930s. It was consolidated with its predecessor in 1924. The 16th carried mail and performed fire observation duties, included carrying mail to President Calvin Coolidge vacationing in South Dakota and Wisconsin in August and September 1927, and June to September 1928.
After the Attack on Pearl Harbor the squadron was reassigned to antisubmarine duties along the southeast coast in late 1941, early 1942. It deployed to the European Theater of Operations, where it was attached to the Royal Air Force reconnaissance school at RAF Wattisham, England in late 1942. While in England, the air echelon received modern Lockheed P-38 long-range photo-reconnaissance aircraft and joined the ground personnel in French Morocco shortly after the Operation Torch invasion in November 1942.
The squadron was assigned to Twelfth Air Force and engaged in long range intelligence gathering and aerial mapping of Algeria and Tunisia, supporting the United States Fifth Army during the North African and Tunisian Campaigns. After the retreat of Axis forces from Tunisia in mid-1942, performed antisubmarine patrols over the Mediterranean Sea and also functioned as in in-theater training unit for aerial reconnaissance pilots.
Beginning in September 1943, the squadron received specially-equipped B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bombers equipped with radar detection and electronic countermeasures (ECM) equipment. It performed ECM overflights of enemy territory in advance of Fifteenth Air Force heavy bomber formations, jamming enemy Radar and generating false returns to confuse defensive forces. It also continued to fly long range reconnaissance with B-25 Mitchell medium bombers fitted with aerial cameras.. The Squadron returned to the United States in November 1944 as the need for the unit dissipated as enemy forces were driven out of the Mediterranean Theater of Operations. It was inactivated in April 1945.
The 16th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron served with Strategic Air Command as a long-range reconnaissance unit early in the Cold War. Its mission was absorbed by the 91st Strategic Reconnaissance Wing in 1949. In 1985, it was consolidated with its predecessors, but remained inactive until 1993, when it assumed its present mission.
Lineage.
16th Aero Squadron
16th Reconnaissance Squadron
16th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron
16th Electronic Warfare Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="19834164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834164" title="André Cordeiro (swimmer)">
André Cordeiro (swimmer)

André Cordeiro (born March 15, 1974 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Brazil. He competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
Participating in the 1995 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) held in Rio de Janeiro, Cordeiro won the gold medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle, along with Gustavo Borges, Fernando Scherer and Alexandre Massura, with 3m12s42 time.
In the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Cordeiro qualified to the 4×100-metre freestyle final, finishing 4th.
He was at the 1999 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Hong Kong, swimming the 200-metre freestyle proof.
André was in 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, where he earned a gold medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle, and a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle. In the 4×100-metre freestyle, Cordeiro broke the South American record, with a time of 3:17.18, along with Gustavo Borges, Fernando Scherer and César Quintaes. In the 4×200-metre freestyle, he broke the South American record, with a time of 7:22.92, along with Gustavo Borges, Rodrigo Castro and Leonardo Costa.
In the 2002 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Moscow, Cordeiro reached the 4×200-metre freestyle final, finishing in 4th place, and was also in the 4×100-metre freestyle final, finishing in 5th place.
He swam at the 2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, where he finished 4th in the 4×100-metre freestyle, 5th in the 4×200-metre freestyle, 5th in the 4×100-metre medley, 13th in the 100-metre freestyle, and 15th in the 50-metre freestyle. 
After retiring from professional swimming, became coach of Minas Tênis Clube. He was part of the technical commission of the Brazilian team at the Junior World Championships in Monterrey-2008.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19834176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834176" title="Kokilapriya">
Kokilapriya

Kokilapriya ("The one dear to the koel") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 11th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. The 11th rāgam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music is called Kokilāravam.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 5th rāgam in the 2nd "chakra Netra". The mnemonic name is "Netra-Ma". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi ma pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Suvarnangi", which is the 47th "melakarta".
Asampurna Melakarta.
Kokilāravam is the 11th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the scales are "vakra" (zig-zag in phrases of the scale). It is an "shadava-sampurna" raga (6 notes in ascending scale, while full 7 are used in descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
"Kokilapriya" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with this scale.
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Kokilapriya".
Muthuswami Dikshitar's composition "Kodandarama" is set to "Kokilāravam" rāgam.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Kokilapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields "Rishabhapriya" "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Kokilapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19834185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834185" title="Renie Martin">
Renie Martin

Donald Renie Martin (Born: August 30, 1955 in Dover, Delaware) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher
Early career.
Martin played for Dover High School and later attended the University of Richmond. Martin was drafted twice, by the San Francisco Giants in 1976 and by the Kansas City Royals in 1977 to play for them Gulf Coast Royals farm team in Sarasota, Florida. He later played for the Daytona Beach Islanders, Jacksonville Suns, Fort Myers Royals, Omaha Royals, and in Phoenix Suns.
Major League Career.
He was called to the majors in 1979 and appeared in 25 games in relief in his rookie year. He finished the year with an ERA of 5.19 with five saves. The next year, the Royals gave him a chance to start. He started twenty games, going 10-10 with a 4.39 ERA. He did have two saves that year, also. In 1981, he had arguably his best year, pitching exclusively in relief, but achieving a 2.77 ERA in 29 games. However, the Royals traded him to the San Francisco Giants with Craig Chamberlain, Atlee Hammaker, and Brad Wellman for Vida Blue and Bob Tufts.
Martin spent most of his first year with the Giants as primarily a mediocre starter (7-10, 4.65 ERA). They moved him to the bullpen the next year, and he spent most of the next two years as a relief pitcher before the Giants traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies at the end of August 1984 with Al Oliver for Kelly Downs and George Riley. He continued his role as a reliever with the Phillies until they released him after the 1984 season. The Royals re-signed him in 1985, but he never pitched in the Majors again.
Martin did have some postseason experience. He appeared in three games in the 1980 World Series for the Royals, appearing in three games, recording 9 IP, allowing three earned runs. He also appeared in the special Division Series after the strike-shortened 1981 season for the Royals. In that series, he threw 5 innings allowing only one hit.
Senior Baseball.
Martin was a member of the Florida Tropics in the Senior Professional Baseball Association in 1990. He finished the season 1-2 with an ERA of 4.44.
After Baseball.
After baseball, Martin became a member of the Ferguson Waterworks softball team as pitcher/coach since 1995. He has gone on to be not only one of their greatest players and winningest coaches, but also one of the company's best Salesman. He has reached the President's Club multiple times and plans on retiring back to Delaware in 2014. Renie claims that his post baseball career success are due largely in part to his mentor and leader Bruce Akers.
Awards and honors.
In 1995, the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame inducted Martins in Wilmington, Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="19834192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834192" title="Yavuz-class frigate">
Yavuz-class frigate

The Yavuz class are a group of four frigates that were built for the Turkish Navy. They were designed in Germany and are part of the MEKO family of modular warships; in this case the MEKO 200 design. Two ships were built in Germany and two in Turkey with German assistance. They are similar in design to the larger Barbaros class frigates of the Turkish Navy, which are improved versions of the Yavuz class frigate.

</doc>
<doc id="19834196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834196" title="Bob Spade">
Bob Spade

Robert Spade was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played four seasons in the major leagues, from until , for the Cincinnati Reds and St. Louis Browns.
When Spade died in 1924 he was penniless, and fans raised the money to pay for his burial.

</doc>
<doc id="19834214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834214" title="2008 Generali Ladies Linz – Singles">
2008 Generali Ladies Linz – Singles

Daniela Hantuchová was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year. 
Ana Ivanovic won in the final 6–2, 6–1, against Vera Zvonareva. It was her third title of the year, her first since winning the French Open earlier in the year and her last until winning this very tournament two years later.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19834219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834219" title="Masuyite">
Masuyite

Masuyite is a uranium/lead oxide mineral with formula Pb[(UO2)3O3(OH)2]·3H2O.
Masuyite was first described in 1947 for an occurrence in Katanga and named to honor Belgian geologist Gustave Masuy (1905–1945).

</doc>
<doc id="19834222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834222" title="2004 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana – Singles">
2004 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana – Singles

Juan Carlos Ferrero was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Fernando Verdasco.
Verdasco won in the final 7–6(7–5), 6–3 against Albert Montañés.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19834228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834228" title="Ludwig II (disambiguation)">
Ludwig II (disambiguation)

Ludwig II may refer to:
People:
In popular culture:

</doc>
<doc id="19834235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834235" title="Poppy Harlow">
Poppy Harlow

Katharine Julia "Poppy" Harlow (born May 2, 1982) is a journalist, best known for her reporting at CNN and Forbes.com. She is currently a correspondent at CNN, based in New York City. She was previously a business correspondent at CNN, CNN International and HLN, an anchor for CNNMoney.com, and a Forbes.com Video Network anchor, reporter and producer.
Early life and education.
Harlow grew up outside the Twin Cities, Minnesota, area. She attended the Blake School, where she graduated "cum laude" in 2001. Harlow then attended Columbia University where she was Phi Beta Kappa and graduated "magna cum laude" in 2005, with a degree in political science.
Early career.
After interning at CBS while still in college, Harlow continued working for CBS MarketWatch and as an assistant producer for CBS Newspath after graduation. Harlow then became an anchor and reporter for NY1 News' Local Edition. While at NY1, Harlow's news beat covered Staten Island and New Jersey, including reports on local politics, the economy, and local cultural events.
In September 2007, Harlow was hired by Forbes.com Video Network, where her area of coverage expanded to fashion, entertainment and business topics. 
Career at CNN.
Harlow was named a New York City based CNN correspondent based in April 2012. She joined CNN in 2008 and served as the anchor for CNNMoney.com and reported for CNN, CNN International and HLN.
Harlow has interviewed leading business figures including Warren Buffett, Bill Gates, former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg, and Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz. She covers events such as the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting, the World Economic Forum in Davos, and South by Southwest.
Harlow has won the Gracie Award for best online investigative program or feature and SABEW's Best in Business award.
Controversy.
In 2013, while reporting on the conviction of two Steubenville, Ohio, high school football players for the rape of a sixteen-year-old, Harlow stated that it was "Incredibly difficult, even for an outsider like me, to watch what happened as these two young men that had such promising futures, star football players, very good students, literally watched as they believed their lives fell apart ... when that sentence came down, [Ma'lik] collapsed in the arms of his attorney. ... He said to him, 'My life is over. No one is going to want me now.'" This apparent expression of sympathy for the rapists provoked widespread criticism. A petition requesting that CNN apologize on the air for sympathizing with the Steubenville rapists received over 250,000 signatures within two days of CNN's report. Neither Poppy Harlow nor CNN have responded to said petition or viewer concerns, as of March of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19834236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834236" title="Heath W. Lowry">
Heath W. Lowry

Heath Ward Lowry (born December 23, 1942) is the Atatürk Professor of Ottoman and Modern Turkish Studies at Princeton University. He has written several books on the history of the Ottoman Empire and Modern Turkey.
Background.
Lowry spent two years (1964–1966) working as a Peace Corps volunteer in a remote mountain village Bereketli, Balıkesir in western Turkey before graduating from Portland State University (1966). In the late '60s, he was a graduate student at UCLA working with scholars Speros Vryonis, Jr., Andreas Tietze, Gustav von Grunebaum, and Stanford J. Shaw, and received his PhD in 1977. He taught full-time at Bosphorus University during the 1970s and served as the Istanbul Director of the American Research Institute in Turkey. Here he worked with some of the most renowned scholars in Ottoman studies, such as Omer Lutfi Barkan, Nejat Goyunc, and Cengiz Orhonlu. Between 1979-1982 he co-directed a team of international scholars working on late Byzantine and early Ottoman historical demography, as a member of Harvard University's Dumbarton Oaks Center. In 1980, he co-founded "The Journal of Ottoman Studies", together with Nejat Göyünç and Halil İnalcık.
In 1983, with a group of distinguished scholars, businessmen, and retired diplomats and a grant from the Turkish government, he helped establish, and became the director of, the Institute of Turkish Studies at Georgetown University, which provides grants to scholars working in the area of Turkish studies. During this time, he began to study contemporary Turkish politics, and taught at the U.S. State Department's National Foreign Affairs Training Center, where his students were U.S. diplomats scheduled for assignment in Turkey.
From 1993-2013, Lowry was the Atatürk Professor of Ottoman and Modern Turkish Studies at Princeton University, and served as the Director of the Program of Near Eastern Studies from July 1994 to June 1997. He offered seminars on early Ottoman history and undergraduate lecture courses on Ottoman history and contemporary Turkey using only textbooks published by the Turkish government.
Views and critics.
David B. MacDonald, of the Political Science department at the University of Guelph in Ontario, has labeled Lowry as one of the key deniers of the Armenian Genocide. In 1985, Lowry was involved in organizing 69 academics to sign a letter expressing their opposition to official US recognition of the Genocide. The letter was then printed in the "New York Times" and "Washington Post".
In 1990, psychologist Robert Jay Lifton received a letter from the Turkish Ambassador to the United States, Nuzhet Kandemir, questioning his inclusion of references to the Armenian Genocide in one of his books. The ambassador inadvertently included a draft of a letter written by professor Lowry, advising the ambassador on how to prevent mention of the Armenian Genocide in scholarly works. The incident has been brought up as example of the issue of ethics in scholarship. Roger W. Smith, Eric Markusen and Lifton also state they caught Lowry for "ghosting" for the Turkish ambassador in Washington regarding the denial of the Armenian Genocide. Lowry stated in one of the television programs he has attended that he and his wife received assassination threats from Armenian terrorist organizations due to his academic views on Armenian genocide.
Michael M. Gunter defended Lowry, asking "how was Lowry acting in any way different from how Armenian scholars and their supporters have their long-running campaign against Turkey? When looked upon in such light, the Armenian reactions to the Lowry memorandums appear petty and hypocritical."
Also, in 1990, Lowry concluded that "Ambassador Morgenthau's Story" was a record of "crude half-truths and outright falsehoods". According to Yair Auron, Lowry is recognized as a principal source discrediting Morgenthau, giving "impetus to the Turkish endeavor to deny the Armenian Genocide." On the other hand, Gilles Veinstein, professor of Ottoman and Turkish history at the Collège de France considers as "rather instructive" Lowry's book about Morgenthau and, after to have "checked some of the alleged differences" between "Ambassador's Morgenthau's Story" and Morgenthau's archives, Guenter Lewy shares Heath Lowry's main conclusions about Morgenthau's Memoirs.
Alan Fisher, professor of History at Michigan State University, supported Heath Lowry both against the critics and for his conclusions regarding the "Ambassador Morgenthau's Story".
In a 44-page long article published in the "Journal of Ottoman Studies" in 1986 (initially presented as a paper at a conference at MESA), Lowry wrote a scathing review against historian Richard G. Hovannisian for his depiction of a junior American intelligence officer in his second volume on the history of the First Republic of Armenia. Though it only occupied the space of a single footnote in a 603-page book, Lowry thought the alleged mischaracterizations by Hovannisian to be so egregious as to compromise his scholarly integrity. Lowry took issue with the favorable reviews of the book by other historians such as Firuz Kazemzadeh and Roderic Davison and charged Hovannisian with distorting facts and displaying partiality in his work. In a point-by-point rebuttal published in the same year, Hovannisian expressed his surprise at Lowry's outrage and decision to single out his depiction of a single individual and use it as the sole basis to discredit his research. He went on to criticize him for exaggerating the scope of minor errors, misinterpreting the sources and failing to grasp nuances found in the primary source material, which in many cases agreed with what he had originally written.

</doc>
<doc id="19834246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834246" title="Enigmatic (album)">
Enigmatic (album)

Enigmatic - Czesław Niemen's rock album released in 1970. It is considered to be the best Polish rock album ever.
Inspired in 1968 by Wojciech Młynarski Niemen decided to make his new album with polish poetry as lyrics. Recorded in 1969 and released in 1970 became very popular and was awarded with Golden record in 1971 (in Poland Golden Records were awarded for selling 160 000 album copies). As of 2012, the album has sold in excess of 5 million copies around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19834249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834249" title="European Alert System">
European Alert System

The European Alert System (sometimes referred to as the European Alarm System or European Warning System) is an earthquake warning system for member states of the Council of Europe's EUR-OPA Major Hazards Agreement.
Seismic alerts are provided by the European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre (EMSC), an international, non-governmental, and non-profit association based at the Laboratoire de Détection et de Géophysique (LDG) of the French Atomic Energy Commission (Commissariat à l'Energie Atomique - CEA) in Bruyères-le-Châtel (Essonne, France). Up until 1993, the EMSC was based in Strasbourg.
Competence and notification.
The EMSC’s main area of competence is the following:
The competent region also includes, as far as possible, territories of member states of the EUR-OPA Major Hazards Agreement which fall outside these boundaries. 
The EMSC’s Coordination Bureau is responsible for informing the Secretariat of the EUR-OPA Major Hazards Agreement about any major event in the European-Mediterranean region. It disseminates a notification to the Council of Europe less than an hour after an earthquake occurrence with a magnitude larger than 6.0 on the Richter scale in any of the states of the Partial Agreement, indicating the localization of the epicentre of the seism and its magnitude. The EUR-OPA secretariat undertakes to confirm the data with the affected state(s) and ask for their needs, which if necessary are communicated to other member states.
The Council of Europe does not provide humanitarian aid itself. This is provided by organisations such as the European Commission and UNOCHA.
Past alerts.
The alert was triggered for 19 events in 2006, notably the Mw 6.7 in Greece on 8 January 2006 and 18 events in the Extreme-Eastern Russia (10 events in the Kuril Islands, 5 in the Koryakia region (North of Kamchatka Peninsula) and 3 in or near the Kamchatka Peninsula).

</doc>
<doc id="19834251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834251" title="Erika Bricker">
Erika Bricker

Erika Eloise Bricker (born May 23, 1949) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games gold medalist.
At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, Bricker represented the United States as a 15-year-old. She swam for the gold medal-winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay, but did not receive a medal. Under the rules in effect in 1964, only those relay swimmers who competed in the event final were eligible to receive medals.
She also competed in the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, where she received a gold medal in the 100-meter freestyle, edging Marion Lay and Lillian Watson in the event final.

</doc>
<doc id="19834273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834273" title="Alfonsina Strada">
Alfonsina Strada

Alfonsina Strada (16 March 1891 - 13 September 1959) was an Italian cyclist, the only woman to have ridden one of cycling's three major stage races. She started in the Giro d'Italia in 1924 when the organisers mistook her for a man. Newspapers called her "The Devil in a dress"
Her racing career included an Italian record which lasted 26 years. She died aged 69 as she propped up her motorcycle after riding to a bicycle race.
Early life.
Born Alfonsina Morini at Castelfranco Emilia, near Modena, she was the daughter of a peasant family. Her father was a day labourer, her mother a wet nurse. Her living conditions as a child may have been romanticised by reporters and not denied as her legend grew. One account says her house was a windowless shack through which chickens ran; another says she was one of 24 living there. Further reports speak of her family considering her passion for cycling to have been the work of the devil, that it had the evil eye. Some reports say that she was one of eight children and others that she was one of 10, with eight brothers, still others that she had 10 brothers.
Much of Morini's early life should be read with this in mind.
The legend says that Morini grew up a tomboy, playing with her brothers and their friends and riding her father's bicycle until, when she was 10, her father paid for one of her own by exchanging it for chickens. Romantic accounts say that villagers crossed themselves as she rode past, dressed and behaving more like a boy than a girl. Her mother is said to have pressed her to become a seamstress.
She rode her first race at about 13, winning a live pig. She won nearly all the girls' races she entered and many of the boys' events. Her reputation brought an invitation to ride the Grand Prix of St Petersburg in Russia in 1909. She was such a success that the Czarina Alexandra⋅wanted her husband, Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, to give her a gold medal.
In 1911 she went to Moncalieri, now in the southern suburbs of Turin, and set an hour record of 37.192 km. The status of the record is uncertain. It appears to have stood since 1905 but some reports say that Morini wasn't credited with her distance because her ride had been considered unladylike. Since that wouldn't have been an issue had she improved simply the women's record, there's a suggestion that she may also have broken a male record, perhaps a regional one, and it was that which she was denied.
Her distance stood for 26 years. She won 36 races against men and became the friend of riders such as Costante Girardengo. She raced at Bologna and Paris and twice rode the Giro di Lombardia at a time when it was open to all. She finished 32nd and last in the 1917 race, an hour and 34 minutes behind the Belgian Philippe Thys. She completed the 204 km course in 8h 32m. She rode again in 1918 and finished 21st, ahead of several men.
Marriage.
At 24 in 1915, Morini married Luigi Strada, a metal plater and engraver, who was also a rider and racer. He gave her a new racing bike with dropped bars as a present. The couple moved to Milan, where Alfonsina rode on the velodrome as Luigi acted as her trainer.
1924 Giro d'Italia.
Strada's ride in the Giro d'Italia came about through a disagreement between the organiser, Emilio Colombo of "Gazzetta dello Sport", and the top riders of the day. The riders refused to take part. Colombo did what the Tour de France had done and offered places to whoever wanted to ride. "Gazzetta dello Sport" promised to pay their bills, their hotels and their food. It offered places for 90 riders and promised 600 chickens, 750 kg of other meat, 4,800 bananas and 720 eggs. But there would be no managers, no masseurs, no mechanics and no team cars.
Strada entered as "Strada, Alfonsin." The absence of a final "o" or "a" to her first name hid whether she was a man or a woman. She was accepted as number 72 and, assuming her to be a man, journalists began writing of Alfonsino. The truth emerged the day before the start and by then it was too late.
She came 74th on the first day, an hour behind the leader but nothing by the standard of the day, when riders could be separated by hours. She finished 50th of 65 between Genoa and Florence and survived as far as Naples. Then the weather turned. A gale blew, rain poured, mud and rocks swept across the road. Strada was among many who crashed. Her handlebars snapped and she stood by the roadside until a peasant snapped a broomstick to jam in the hole. She rode on with one side of her bars of steel and the other of broomstick but finished outside the time limit.
Radio Marconi said The Foggia-L'Aquila — 7th stage was 304km, which was bad enough because the southern Italian roads at this time were nearly impassable. They were not paved, and were rocky and icy too. The mountain pass was so terrible that the riders could not get their bikes through the mire and mess on their own and almost all the participants were towed part way by motorcycles and cars. Alfonsina suffered terribly on this stage. She fell on a descent and had to ride many more hours using her bruised, scraped and swollen knee.
The race referees excluded her because she was out of time. The organiser, Colombo, couldn't stop them from applying his own rules but by then spectators were waiting to see her and her rides were producing stories for his reporters. Some reports say that Colombo had to balance sentiment, commercial benefit, the political climate and Italian fascism's intolerance of her challenge to machismo. He let her ride on as an individual, paying her bills but excluding her from prizes.
The next day was to Fiume, where a crowd lifted her from her bicycle and carried her in triumph when she finished in tears from pain and exhaustion 25 minutes after the time limit. It motivated her to continue to Milan. Only 38 completed the race and Strada, although no longer formally in the running, finished more than 20 hours ahead of Telesforo Benaglia, the "lanterne rouge". She finished 28 hours behind the winner, 30-year-old Giuseppe Enrici of Piedmont. But almost an hour separated Enrici from his runner-up, Federico Gay, so it was hardly a close-run race. And two riders finished behind her. She won 50,000 lire,
Later career.
Strada was never allowed to ride the Giro again, but she followed it for several years and earned the respect of Armando Cougnet (journalist), Giardini, Colombo, Cattaneo, Lattuarda, Costante Girardengo, as well as of journalists and competitors. She rode exhibition races throughout Italy, Spain, France, Luxembourg and before Tsar Nicholas II of Russia in Saint Peterburg. In 1937, in Paris, she defeated the French champion, Robin.
In 1938 she set the female world record for the hour, covering 32.58 km at Longchamp, Paris, a record beaten in 1955 by Tamara Novikova of the Soviet Union
The Italian writer Dino Buzzati wrote that, as a boy riding in a park in Milan, he saw Strada and managed to stay with her for two laps before "exploding". He said that after that she shot off down the path like an arrow.
Personal life and death.
Luigi Strada died in 1946. In 1950 Strada married Carlo Messori, a retired racing cyclist, and they opened a bicycle shop on the Via Varesina in Milan. He started to write her biography but he died in 1957 before it was completed and she closed the shop.
She lived alone in Milan for her last years, riding to her shop every day until cycling grew too tiring. She sold some of her medals and trophies and bought a scarlet Moto Guzzi 500cc motorbike. In September 1959 she rode the 'Guzzi' to the Tre Valli Varesine professional race. The motorbike fell off its stand when she got home. The weight was too much for her and she had a heart attack as she and the Moto Guzzi fell to the ground. She was dead by the time she reached hospital.
Her bicycle is among the collection at the Madonna del Ghisallo chapel close to Lake Como in Italy.
Memories of Alfonsina Strada.
In 2010 the Italian band Tetes de bois published the song "Alfonsina e la bici" dedicated to Alfonsina Strada.
The videoclip of the song has the Italian astrophysicist Margherita Hack starring as Alfonsina Strada.

</doc>
<doc id="19834277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834277" title="Rupavati">
Rupavati

Rupavati (pronounced rūpavati, meaning "the beautiful one") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 12th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is one of the few rāgams given the same name by the Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 2nd "chakra Netra". The mnemonic name is "Netra-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi ma pa dhu nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes used in this scale are "shuddha rishabham, sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shatsruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampurna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Divyamani', which is the 48th "melakarta" scale.
Asampurna Melakarta.
Rupavati is also the original name given to the 12th "Melakarta" in the list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the scales are "svarantara-shadava" raga (4 notes in ascending scale and 6 are used in descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
"Rupavati" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Rupavati" scale.
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Rupavati".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Rupavati's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", does not yield any "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19834291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834291" title="Children, Mother, and the General">
Children, Mother, and the General

Children, Mother, and the General (, and also released as "Sons, Mothers, and a General") is a 1955 West German war film directed by László Benedek and starring Hilde Krahl.

</doc>
<doc id="19834306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834306" title="Southern Freeez">
Southern Freeez

Southern Freeez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19834309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834309" title="Gayakapriya">
Gayakapriya

Gayakapriya (pronounced gāyakapriya) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 13th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Geyahejjujji in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 3rd "chakra Agni". The mnemonic name is "Agni-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu ma pa dha na". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Dhavalambari", which is the 49th "melakarta".
Asampurna Melakarta.
Geyahejjujji is the 13th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the ascending scale is different and "vakra" (zig-zag usage of notes in phrases of the scale). It is an "shadava-sampurna" raga (6 notes in ascending scale, while full 7 are used in descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
"Gayakapriya" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Kalagada" is heard occasionally in concerts. See List of "janya" rāgams to see all the rāgams associated with "Gayakapriya".
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Gayakapriya".
Muthuswami Dikshitar's composition "Ramachandra bhakthum" is set to "Geyahejjujji" rāgam.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Gayakapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields a minor "melakarta" rāgam "Dhatuvardani". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Gayakapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19834313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834313" title="7 Wonders of the Ancient World (video game)">
7 Wonders of the Ancient World (video game)

7 Wonders of the Ancient World is a puzzle video game. It was developed by Hot Lava Games and published by MumboJumbo in February 2007. On April 2, 2009, the PSP Version of 7 Wonders was released on the PlayStation Store for $10.00
Gameplay.
Players take the task of reconstructing the 7 Wonders of the Ancient World. In each wonder, there are 5 to 7 sub-levels of runes that players switch to form a row of 3 or more runes.
There are two modes of play: Free Play and Quest Modes. In Free Play, players can choose to play any level they have completed in Quest Mode.

</doc>
<doc id="19834332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834332" title="List of seaQuest DSV characters">
List of seaQuest DSV characters

This is the complete list of the characters of "seaQuest DSV". The series went through significant cast changes after every season it was on the air.
First season main characters.
Captain Nathan Bridger.
Captain Nathan Hale Bridger (Roy Scheider) was the commanding officer of both UEO submarines named seaQuest DSV and the designer of the boats.
Dr. Kristin Westphalen.
Dr. Kristin Westphalen (Stephanie Beacham) was a Physical oceanography and the chief medical officer of the seaQuest and leader of the science team aboard the ship. Before joining "seaQuest", Dr. Westphalen had attempted to contact Nathan Bridger in the name of scientific research, however, she was informed that he was incommunicado. The two of them did not meet on the best of terms as Bridger, still in civilian clothing, snickered at her diatribe against Commander Ford, leading her to accuse him of being a stowaway. The two gradually formed a working relationship as Bridger assumed command of the vessel and put emphasis on the scientific mission of the "seaQuest" over the military one.
Lucas Wolenczak.
Lucas Wolenczak (Jonathan Brandis) was born in Danbury, Connecticut, USA and afterwards his family moved to Buffalo. Lucas was a highly intelligent teenager who graduated magna-cum-laude with a degree in Applied Science of Artificial Intelligence from Stanford University, achieving a GPA that has been unbroken. When his parents divorced, Lucas' father, Dr. Wolenczak; one of the world's most valued scientists, was able to pull some strings allowing Lucas to serve aboard the "seaQuest DSV" as part of the boat's scientific contingent.
Commander Jonathan Ford.
Commander Jonathan Devin Ford (Don Franklin) comes from a very financially well off family, his father owning "Ford Freeport: Aquacultural Engineering", one of the largest undersea farming companies in the world. He had a bad relationship with his father and brother. In 2022 a sharp raise in the temperature of the water in the South Atlantic, caused by an undersea mining operation, a deinosuchus (gigantic prehistoric crocodile) thawed out and was threatening the local ecosystem and the life of the local people. With the help of his family they stopped to creature and settled their differences. Ford's father decided to take a year off from work and give Jonathan's younger brother Ben the run of the company. His mother is deceased.
Lieutenant Commander Katherine Hitchcock.
Lieutenant Commander Katherine Hitchcock (Stacy Haiduk) was the Chief Engineer of the "seaQuest DSV 4600" following her refit in 2018. While at the naval academy, she, along with Benjamin Krieg, were top of their class, and were eventually wed. However, the marriage only lasted a year. Being Chief Engineer, Hitchcock was also third in command aboard the "seaQuest" and was placed in command in several occasions, such as the "Liberté" space station incident where Commander Ford had been infected with an unknown virus and was unable to perform his duties.
Lieutenant Benjamin Krieg.
Lieutenant Benjamin Krieg (John D'Aquino) served as "seaQuest"`s procurement officer. He had previously attended the naval academy with Captain Bridger's son Robert and with Katherine Hitchcock, whom he was later wed to for a year. While at the academy, he painted the homecoming mule pink, something that Captain Bridger later found amusing. Krieg had aspirations of a command at sea, but, he never was able to fulfill that dream. Krieg was involved in a few minor transgressions during his tour of duty, such as attempting to extort an Arctic research outpost by selling them thermal underwear at an inflated price, as well as sneaking two-pounds of outlawed ground beef aboard the boat with the intention of making a real cheeseburger.
Lieutenant JG Tim O'Neill.
Lieutenant JG Tim O'Neill (Ted Raimi) was the communications officer of the "seaQuest DSV 4600", originally serving under Captain Marilyn Stark. He remained aboard the boat after she had been relieved of duty and the "seaQuest" was refitted to serve as more of a research vessel. O'Neill specialized in foreign languages, was fluent in at least a dozen and could adequately speak several others. He also shared some sort of unknown psychic link with Darwin which allowed him to sense when Darwin was ill. A religious man since childhood, O'Neill was taught to believe that evolution topped out with mankind and had a difficult time believing in intelligent life on other planets, although, secretly wished that it existed.
The Character of O'Niell was originally supposed to be a character named Garry Stephen Bachmann from Ottawa, Canada. This was then changed to be a woman named MacKenna O'Neill, then the character was changed back to a male and renamed "Mack O'Neill". This name was used right up until filming was to begin, name tags designed for his uniforms that read "M. O'Neill" are known to exist before it was ultimately changed to "Tim."
Chief Manilow Crocker.
Chief Manilow Crocker (Royce D. Applegate) was on the brink of retirement when Admiral Noyce personally asked him to sign aboard "seaQuest" when it was put back to sea in 2018. Crocker had served together with Captain Bridger before and, as a result, did not regret his decision to serve one more tour with his old friend. As Chief of Security aboard "seaQuest", Crocker was responsible for the safety of all aboard. On more than one occasion, he was ordered to board enemy vessels and colonies to take the occupants into custody. Crocker was also the first Human being to lay eyes on an actual alien when the "seaQuest" found an ancient alien starship entombed in an underwater rock face. The alien fired at Crocker, but, it was merely a method of transportation which moved Crocker to a holding area aboard the alien ship, before finally returning him to "seaQuest."
Sensor Chief Miguel Ortiz.
Sensor Chief Miguel Ortiz (Marco Sanchez) was a member of seaQuest's original crew under Captain Stark. After she was relieved of duty, he stayed on, serving again under Nathan Bridger's command. As the Sensor Chief, Ortiz was responsible for controlling the boat's WSKRs (Wireless Sea Knowledge Retrieval Satellites) and was also involved in various away missions. He could understand Spanish and had a knowledge of Greek mythology, particularly that of Atlantis.
Darwin.
Darwin is a dolphin. He is able to communicate to the crew through the assistance of a translation device known as the vo-corder, and to navigate throughout the Seaquest via a series of water-filled access tunnels leading to the ship's moon pool openings, where he could interact more directly with the rest of the crew. Before accepting command of the Seaquest, Nathan Bridger, while living on an island, befriended and began working on communicating with and training Darwin, using hand-signals to communicate. The two were close friends, and even in his capacity as captain, Bridger often referred to him as "My dolphin," treating him at times like a very fond pet, and at other times like an equal, even diverting the ship from a research mission in order to seek medical assistance when Darwin became sick, citing that he was a member of the crew just as much as anyone else.
Second season main characters.
Dr. Wendy Smith.
Dr. Wendy Smith (Rosalind Allen) came aboard the "seaQuest DSV 4600 II" in 2021 after the first "seaQuest" had been destroyed by Captain Nathan Bridger the previous year in an attempt to seal a lava pool that threatened to melt the world's polar caps. When Dr. Kristin Westphalen elected not to sign aboard the new "seaQuest", Dr. Smith won the most coveted medical position in the UEO that of the chief medical officer of the flagship. The character of Dr. Smith was originally two different characters; Diane Page, a 35 year old African American Ph.D and Wendy Woo, a 25 year old M.D.. The producers of the show originally wanted Tamara Tunie and Kelly Hu respectively.
Lieutenant James Brody.
Lieutenant James Brody (Edward Kerr), at the age of three, was involved with his mother in a murder cover-up at the (accidental) hands of Franklin Thomas. Contracting the P-Core A virus, Brody's mother was place in cryogenic suspension and he was sent to live with his grandparents, who "let (him) get away with murder. After joining the navy, Brody led a stealth invasion during the North Korean Crisis in 2010, which Captain Bridger considered to be a "nifty piece of work." The two actors originally considered for the role of Brody were Dan Gauthier and Paul Gross.
Warrant Officer Anthony Piccolo.
Anthony Piccolo (Michael DeLuise) first boarded the seaQuest as a Seaman in the episode Daggers, the first seaQuest DSV episode of the Second Season.
He was an experimental ex con, let out from prison on an early release program where they conducted science experiments on volunteers. Piccolo was offered and then received a pair of genetically altered gills, allowing him to breathe underwater like a fish. He was put on seaQuest because that's where the parole board thought he would be most useful. One of Picollos most important aspects, according to Producer Carleton Eastlake, is "he´s also the most human of the whole crew, because he´s really very unsophisticated."
Lieutenant JG Lonnie Henderson.
Lieutenant Lenore "Lonnie" Ellen Henderson (Kathy Evison) signed aboard the "seaQuest DSV-II" as a helmsman in 2021. As a first generation naval officer, she was a bit rough around the edges in terms of proper protocol. She successfully was able to smuggle her stuffed bear Addison aboard "seaQuest", much to the consternation of Commander Ford.nHenderson initially showed an interest in Lieutenant O'Neill and the two spent some shore leave together. However, O'Neill was uncomfortable dating someone he served with and the two remained just friends. She also offered herself to Lucas Wolenczak when it was believed that he was going to die in a subterranean cavern.
Dagwood.
Dagwood (Peter DeLuise) was the prototype G.E.L.F. He originally did not have a name, but, adopted the name "Dagwood" a joke, since G.E.L.F.s were also known as "Daggers." Dagwood was the imperfect prototype Dagger, intended as supersoldiers, but, he was reassigned to custodial duties, eventually being placed aboard the new "seaQuest DSV" in 2021. He proved his worth to the "seaQuest" crew almost immediately when he saved Lieutenant O'Neill's life when a large turbine collapsed on top of him, lifting the immense vent off of him. He was also able to convince Mariah, leader of the G.E.L.F. uprising that the G.E.L.F. baby was in fact a human.
Third season main characters.
Captain Oliver Hudson.
Captain Oliver Hudson (Michael Ironside) was the third commanding officer of the "seaQuest" after Captain Marilyn Stark and Captain Nathan Bridger. Hudson assumed command of the boat in 2032. After the "seaQuest" mysteriously disappeared off the face of the Earth in 2022, Hudson began a ten year search for the missing ship and crew while in command of a slow-moving, long-distance hauler, which he believed would give him the best chance of finding it.
Lieutenant J.J. Fredericks.
Lieutenant J.J. Fredericks (Elise Neal) had served with Captain Hudson aboard the hauler he commanded prior to both of them signing aboard "seaQuest." Hudson considered her his best student and believed that she dedicated her whole life to her duty. While training to pilot a Spectre-Demon class subfighter, Fredericks accidentally crashed it, almost drowning in the process. She became extremely fearful of ever piloting it again and since the UEO had invested so much in her training, they convinced her to wear a "psyche-implant"; a device that literally "programmed the scare out of her." The device also gave the UEO 24 hour access to every feeling that she had, but, she was willing to deal with the inherent humiliation in order to become the best subfighter pilot in the UEO. Unfortuntely, Larry Deon and President Alexander Bourne were able to gain access to her psyche-implant and reprogrammed it to coerce her to assassinate UEO Secretary General McGath. Thanks to the efforts of Lieutenant Brody and Ensign Wolenczak, Fredericks was able to fight against their programming and McGath's life was saved.

</doc>
<doc id="19834334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834334" title="Sames">
Sames

Sames may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19834348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834348" title="Sarah Poewe">
Sarah Poewe

Sarah Poewe (born 3 March 1983) is an Olympic Breaststroke swimmer, who has swum internationally for both South Africa and Germany.
At the age of 14, she made her international debut at the 1997 Pan Pacific Championships. Sarah was the voted the Best Female Swimmer in the 1998 Junior Olympics in Moscow. She acquired Hungarian National Championships in 100-meter breaststroke 23.June.1999.! When she was 17, Poewe competed for the South African swimming team in three events at the 2000 Olympic Games, and finished in fourth place. 
In 2001, Poewe won the South African National Championships in the 100-meter breaststroke. At the 2001 World Championships, Poewe finished fourth in the 100-meter breaststroke.
Poewe represented Germany in the 2004 Olympics.
Poewe was born in Cape Town, South Africa, the daughter of Lorrain (née Stoch) and Reinhardt Poewe. She is living in Wuppertal, Germany. Her mother is from a Jewish family in South Africa, and her father is German.

</doc>
<doc id="19834349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834349" title="Cruise Confidential">
Cruise Confidential

Cruise Confidential: A Hit Below the Waterline.
Cruise Confidential: A Hit Below the Waterline is a best-selling 2008 travelogue by author Brian David Bruns. In October 2011, Cruise Confidential spent 16 days on Amazon.com's national bestseller list. It has won two national book awards, both presented at the 2009 Book Expo America in New York City; Gold Medal Humor Book of the Year from ForeWord Magazine and the Benjamin Franklin Awards Humor Book of the Year. It was also a finalist in the 2008 New England Book Festival. The book is the first in a series. Ship for Brains (2011, World Waters) and Unsinkable Mister Brown (2012, World Waters). The fourth and final book in the series, High Seas Drifter, is scheduled for 2013 release.
Cruise Confidential describes the contract Bruns worked with Carnival Cruise Lines in their restaurants. He was the first American waiter in 30 years to complete a full contract without quitting. In the book Bruns describes the harsh working conditions for crew on various cruise ships, including the world’s largest (at the time) Carnival Conquest. Despite the hardships of racism, managerial abuses of power, and the unrealistic expectations of the industry, he meets a host of bizarre characters and manages to achieve his goals. 
In his thirteen months at sea, he shares cabins with a Thai waiter, an insomniac Indian Reborn Christian, as well as a host of sex-craved men from all over the earth; he discovers waiters are required to steal supplies and even food to serve their guests, and endures belligerent kitchen antics he refers to as “pancake Darwinism” – “survival of the fittest.” He witnessed emotional breakdowns by crew members denied adequate medical care, as well as promotions courtesy of sexual favors. Eventually Bruns worked an average of one hundred hours a week for less than minimum wage on Carnival Legend. 
Ultimately Bruns realized he was singled out because of his nationality, discovering that America’s role in the world is largely misunderstood in the United States. Bruns challenges American complacency toward its role in the world through having to endure numerous forms of retaliation from the international community that makes the cruise industry stay afloat. 
Critical acclaim on the book jacket includes New York Times best-seller J. Maarten Troost The Sex Lives of Cannibals, Doug Lansky (Discovery and Travel Channel host), Jennifer Leo, and Peter Mandel.
Cruise Confidential is being developed for a cable television series by Ole Entertainment, a division of Furst Films.
Ship for Brains: This Ain't No Galley Tour.
The sequel to Cruise Confidential is called Ship for Brains (World Waters, 2011) and narrates the author's experiences as an art auctioneer working on cruise ships. While also a mild expose of the business of the cruise vacation, "Ship For Brains" primarily focuses on the unique characters who are attracted to the business of art auctioneering at sea. The burn-out rate of this unusual vocation is very high, and made all the more difficult by the tensions between ship's civilian and military hierarchies and a largely skeptical public.
"Ship for Brains" received critical acclaim as a comedy, including a nomination as ForeWord Magazine's Humor Book of the Year (2011). It was also a finalist in both the New York and New England Book Festivals. In 2011, "Ship for Brains" won the bronze at the London Book Festival, awarded January 14th, 2011 at the Grosvenor House at Hyde Park in London.
Unsinkable Mister Brown.
Paris Book Festival Winner (2012): Silver
Unsinkable Mister Brown is the third book in Bruns’s Cruise Confidential series, though it’s not necessary to read the first two to follow it. The series shines a harsh light on the ugly realities of working in the cruise ship industry, but in this latest book, these hardships are secondary to the woman Bruns endures them for. With a candid, no-muss style, Bruns shows just how smitten he and Bianca are with one another, though they’re not without their jokes and stubborn streaks. Beneath the playful jabs and willful tempers is a force of gravity that binds them, even when the waves get rough.
"Determined to give himself and Bianca a better life than that of waiters, Bruns sets out to become an art auctioneer on the ships, which is not without its challenges. Despite the difficulties, rarely, if ever, does Bruns lose his sense of humor, and the book provides an ample dose of funny moments to balance all the adversity and chaos, of which there is plenty. After years of climbing the ranks, things begin to fall into place, but then Bianca starts to pull away, both reluctant to give up her economic independence and haunted by a secret past she refuses to reveal."
Excerpted from Jesica Henkle, ForeWord Magazine Reviews, August 7, 2012
Link: https://www.forewordreviews.com/reviews/unsinkable-mister-brown/
Awards.
'"Cruise Confidential:
Book of the Year, Benjamin Franklin Awards (2009)
Book of the Year, ForeWord Awards, GOLD (2009)
New England Book Festival, finalist (2008)
'"Ship for Brains:
Book of the Year, ForeWord Awards, finalist (2012)
London Book Festival, BRONZE (2011)
New England Book Festival, finalist (2011)
New York Book Festival, finalist (2012)
San Francisco Book Festival, finalist (2011)
'"Unsinkable Mister Brown:
Paris Book Festival, SILVER (2012)
Sources.
Brian David Bruns, "Cruise Confidential: A Hit Below the Waterline", Traveler’s Tales, 2008 (ISBN 978-1932361605).
Brian David Bruns, "Ship for Brains: This Ain't No Galley Tour", World Waters, 2011 (ISBN 9780974521770).
Brian David Bruns, "Unsinkable Mister Brown", World Waters, 2012 (ISBN 9780974521763)
References.
USA Today Travel Writer Gene Sloan [http://www.usatoday.com/travel/cruises/item.aspx?type=blog&ak=54174982.blog&csp=34]
The Plain Dealer ([http://www.cleveland.com/bookreviews/plaindealer/index.ssf?/base/entertainment-0/1220689822248310.xml&coll=2]
ForeWord Reviews ([https://www.forewordreviews.com/reviews/unsinkable-mister-brown/])

</doc>
<doc id="19834351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834351" title="The Betrothed">
The Betrothed

Betrothed or The Betrothed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19834379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834379" title="Baard Iversen">
Baard Iversen

Baard Iversen (22 September 1836–1920) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician.
Iversen was born in 1836 in Akerø. In 1854, at the age of eighteen he left home for the city Ålesund. Here, he began a career in trade. Also, he met the local girl Anna Johanne Georgine Junge, who he married. In 1862, he moved to the larger city Trondhjem to establish his own trade agency. He was awarded burghership the same year, and opened his first store "B. Iversen". He moved the store to larger premises one year later, and expanded the field of business.
In 1868, Iversen's company entered the shipping business, investing in a freight boat route 
between Trondhjem and Frederikshald. Iversen later became a ship-owner, his first ship built in 1872 for traffic in the North Sea and the Baltic Sea. In 1890 a route between Trondhjem and Newcastle was established. Iversen also campaigned for a decent railway connection between Trondhjem and the southern cities. From 1895 he was a member of the working committee of the proposed Dovre Line, which would connect Trondhjem to the capital Oslo via Lillehammer. It finally opened in 1921, one year after Iversen's death. Still, he was nicknamed "the father of the Dovre Line".
Iversen was also involved in local politics and organizational life. He was a member of the executive committee of Trondhjem city council from 1881 to 1892, and chaired several public committees. He represented his city in the Norwegian Parliament as a deputy representative during the term 1892–1894. He was also chairman of the Trondheim Commercial Association ("Trondhjems Handelsforening") in several periods, and was a member of the Federation of Norwegian Commercial Associations from 1894 to 1900.
Baard Iversen moved to rural Strinda in 1890. His son-in-law Trygve Marstrand Jørgensen became a partner in the company in 1907, and took over in 1915. Baard Iversen died in 1920. He had been proclaimed Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1900 and Commander of the same order in 1910.
His life became the inspiration for the novel "Brostein", published in 2003 by Toril Brekke.

</doc>
<doc id="19834405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834405" title="Sharon Geary">
Sharon Geary

Sharon Geary is an American swimmer, gold winner at the Pan American Games. 
She competed at the 1951 Pan American Games in Buenos Aires, where she received a gold medal in "100 m freestyle", before Jacqueline Lavine and Ana María Schultz. She participated on the American teams that received a gold medals in "4x100 freestyle relay", and "4x100m medley relay" at the 1951 Pan American Games.
Geary attended Stanford University and is a member of the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19834407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834407" title="John de Soyres">
John de Soyres

John de Soyres (April 26, 1847 – February 3, 1905) was a Protestant Reverend and scholar. He was born in the village of Bilbrook, near Old Cleeve, in Somersetshire, England, and attended Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where he obtained the degrees of B. A. and M. A. In 1888 he immigrated to Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada to assume the rectorship of the St. John (Stone) Church there.".

</doc>
<doc id="19834410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834410" title="Actua Pool">
Actua Pool

Actua Pool is a sports simulation video game developed by British company Gremlin Interactive as part of their highly successful "Actua Sports" series of sport simulators of the mid-to-late 1990s. "Actua Pool", a pool (pocket billiards) was originally released on the Microsoft Windows platform and the Sony PlayStation home console in 1999; these versions were also published under the name Pool Shark. The game was very well received, praised for its realistic physics engine and challenging AI opponents, although the game spawned a sequel which was not as successful. In 2007, "Actua Pool" was ported to the Nintendo DS handheld game console, under the title Underground Pool in North America.
Description.
"Actua Pool" is a pool simulation game with dozens of game modes, including eight-ball, nine-ball, three-ball, ten-ball, killer rules, cutthroat rules, bank rules, speed pool, one-pocket, various foreign styles and traditional snooker rules. There are dozens of venues, unique individual opponents and even different-shaped and unique tables are also available to unlock.
In one player mode, called "Hustle Mode", the character must hustle your way through smoke filled bars, casinos, pool halls and nightclubs and aim to black ball up to 18 challengers of ever-increasing skill across a range of challenging tables. There is an interactive tutorial if the player wishes, and the player can learn hundreds of trick shots from the tutorial. Each individual NPC opponent has its own unique appearance, voice, mannerisms, playing style and difficulty, and winning tournaments unlocks new NPCs to play against and venues to play in. The last opponent is the Devil himself, who you will play in Hell on his very own pool table and play for your very soul.
There are also the traditional two-player modes, as well as three-player, four-player, and so on. Any number of players can join in, and tournaments for up to 16 players are also available in which the NPC's can also be included. Player characters are completely customizable, and stats (such as accurracy and shots potted) tally up an individual player's ability.
Reception.
At its initial time of release "Actua Pool" was enjoying impressive sales and was also critically well received, and had above-average ratings in almost all reviews. The graphics of the game were generally considered impressive at the time of release, and the game physics engine was praised as very realistic, and the AI fairly advanced for a pool game.
Legacy.
In 2003 "Actua Pool" was re-released for the PC and PS1 by Zoo Digital Publishing under their "Zoo Classics" label.
In 2007, U Wish Games released another updated version for PCs.
In 2007, the game was re-developed with enhanced graphics by Frontline Studios, published by Zoo Digital Publishing and ported to the handheld game console Nintendo DS. This version is known as Underground Pool in North America. This version enjoyed good sales, but was not as well received critically as the original game. It has been noted that the uniqueness of individual opponents has been lost in this version, as are all the different variations of rules available, as there are only two different games in the DS version whereas the original had dozens.
Sequel.
A sequel was released in 2004 for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2 entitled "Pool Shark 2". It was developed by Blade Interactive and published by ZOO Digital Publishing. The "Actua" title was not included as the "Actua Sports" series had become defunct some years previously, as had the original developers Gremlin Interactive, and therefore "Pool Shark 2" is not actually part of the same series of the original. Although "Pool Shark 2" had better graphics then "Actua Pool" due the advances in game technology, the sequel was not as critically well received as the original, and did not enjoy good sales like its predecessor.

</doc>
<doc id="19834427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834427" title="Hanussen (1955 film)">
Hanussen (1955 film)

Hanussen is a 1955 West German war film directed by and starring O. W. Fischer.

</doc>
<doc id="19834474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834474" title="Barbaros-class frigate">
Barbaros-class frigate

The "Barbaros"-class frigates are the most modern frigates in the Turkish Navy. They were designed in Germany and are part of the MEKO group of modular warships, in this case the MEKO 200 design. Two ships were built in Germany and two in Turkey with German assistance. They are larger than the previous Yavuz class frigates and are also faster due to using CODOG machinery rather than pure diesels.
The first two vessels (F-244 and F-245) are defined as the "Barbaros class" (MEKO 200 TN Track II-A) while the last two vessels (F-246 and F-247) are defined as the "Salih Reis class" (MEKO 200 TN Track II-B) by the Turkish Navy. The two vessels of the "Salih Reis class" were fitted with the Mk.41 VLS, while the Sea Sparrow launchers on the older "Barbaros class" vessels are currently being replaced with Mk.41 VLS, which is capable of launching Evolved Sea Sparrow (ESSM) missiles.

</doc>
<doc id="19834480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834480" title="Jamie Cox (boxer)">
Jamie Cox (boxer)

Jamie Cox is an English professional boxer who competes in the Welterweight division and is a former Commonwealth Games gold medallist. He comes from Swindon and currently boxers for Frank Warrens Sports Network. He is the reigning Commonwealth light middleweight champion.
Amateur career.
Cox was a standout amateur who boxed for the Walcot ABA club in Swindon. Boxing at light welterweight, he won the 2005 ABA championships and won Gold for England in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He claimed the gold medal in Melbourne by means of a walkover when his opponent Moses Kopo of Lesotho pulled out of the final. Former world champion Richie Woodhall commentating at the games said ""He won't have fancied taking him on...he'll have known that Cox was favourite and he could really hurt him."" Jamie chose to turn pro in February 2007 and signed for Frank Warren. It was also announced at the time that Woodhall would be his trainer.
Professional career.
In July 2007 Jamie made his professional debut at the O2 Arena with a unanimous 4 round points victory over journeyman Johnny Greaves and fought 3 more times that year to end 2007 with a record of 4-0. By October 2008 that record had stretched to 8-0, a milestone achieved whilst fighting in his home city of Swindon for the first time as a professional. Cox defeated the tough and experienced journeyman Billy Smith, stopping him in the 5th round in front of 1500 fans. Cox finished the year on a high, when on 6 December and fighting at the Excel Arena in London's Docklands he scored a first round knockout over the normally durable journeyman Ernie Smith.
In February 2009 Cox boxed in Swindon for the second time, scoring a first round knockout of Doncaster's Jason Rushton. After the fight Cox said that he would like to meet reigning British champion Kell Brook by the end of the year. On 24 April Cox defeated Mark Lloyd at the civic hall in Wolverhampton eventually stopping the Shropshire man in the 8th and final round despite being behind on the referee's points card at the time. Cox returned to Swindon on 25 July 2009 and boxed another 8 rounds defeating the Hungarian journeyman Janos Petrovics for a wide points win and finished off the year with a victory over Worksop based Iranian Manoocha Salari.
Cox's first fight of 2010 took place at the Wembley Arena on 13 February, scoring an 8 round victory of Mauritius's London based fighter Michael Frontin. The points win of 78-76 branded Cox's trainer Paddy Fitzpatrick to label the performance "undisciplined" and gave him a "5 out of 10" rating because he hadn't done "what I asked him to". Despite the performance however Cox was promised an eliminator for Brook's British title against fellow contender Mark Thompson, a man boasting a record of 23 wins with just the one defeat.
Assault charge.
On 2 March 2010, Cox was found guilty by a jury of assaulting a man outside a Swindon bar. Speaking of the event which happened during a night out, Cox told the jury “I feel terrible, I deserve everything I get from it.” The incident had followed an argument with a man whom Cox alleged had verbally abused him before the men got into what Cox described as a "little tussle". Sentencing was set for 25 March 2010, with Cox receiving a suspended sentence of six months and ordered to pay compensation, court costs and community service of 250 hours.
Return to the ring.
Cox returned to the ring after almost 15 months with the decision to step up from welterweight to light middleweight and also taking on a new trainer, John Costello. Speaking of the move up in weight Costello said "he’s better conditioned at this weight, he’ll be stronger and faster. He won’t struggle to make the weight anymore so those problems are behind us know and he can eat properly." Speaking of his time out of the ring Costello, who runs the Chelmsley Wood Boxing Club, said of Cox "I think over the last 12 months Jamie has grown a lot mentally. He has made mistakes, admitted that and he’ll never get sucked into that kind of temptation again. He’s now with us in Birmingham and he’s comfortable here...He’s away from Swindon and all the distractions so that can only be good for his boxing career." On 21 May 2011 Cox celebrated victory at The O2 Arena in London beating Marcus Portman with a third round stoppage and claiming that he was ready to fight for the British title. On 9 September 2011 Cox headlined the annual Debra charity boxing event and won a highly controversial decision to pick up the Commonwealth light middleweight title beating Ghanain Obodai Sai despite having two points deducted for low blows.

</doc>
<doc id="19834512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834512" title="Calanda">
Calanda

Calanda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19834521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834521" title="Iván Gabrich">
Iván Gabrich

Iván César Gabrich (born 28 August 1972 in Firmat, Santa Fe Province) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a centre forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19834529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834529" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres

The women's K-4 500 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
16 crews entered in two heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals while the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top two finishers in each of the semifinals and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 8.
Hungary beat Germany (formerly East and West Germany) after finishing second to them in every major competition since 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19834533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834533" title="Lissagurraun">
Lissagurraun

Lios an Gharráin (anglicised Lissagurraun) is a townland of Moycullen near Barna in County Galway, Ireland. The populants of Lissagurran are exactly the same distance from Moycullen and Barna. There are only 10 houses, and no shops or schools. There are roughly 24 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19834534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834534" title="Morita Kanya XII">
Morita Kanya XII

Early life.
It is said that Morita Kanya XII, as a young boy of 12 years, ran to the port of Yokohama in an attempt to leave Japan and immigrate into the Western world for the sake of fulfilling his goal: becoming a millionaire. Although the shogunal police stopped him that time, his spirit and interest for the West remained an integral part of his personality. During the time of government takeover (1868), the 22 year old Morita Kanya XII became so obsessed with the Western world that he would eat sashimi (a traditional Japanese dish) with salt and pepper as opposed to soy sauce and wasabi (Yuichiro).
Personal life.
Kanya was friends with the father of the playwright Okamoto Kido. According to Kido he was extremely polite, almost obsequious, and in his very Westernised way on one occasion brought a gift of a box of Western sweets to Kido's home which had been bought from a the sweet shop Fūgetsudo (風月堂). When residents of the British Legation headed up by Thomas McClatchie presented Kanya with a theatre curtain times were uncertain with an undercurrent of anti Western sentiment amongst some feudal domains. There was an exchange of letters between Kanya, McClatchie and an Austro-Hungarian diplomat, Heinrich Von Siebold about the curtain and an invitation from Kanya to a special inaugural event .
"I am writing this letter to say that, as a consequence of the rebuild, I would like to extend an honourable invitation to you two young foreign residents in Tōkyō to the occasion of the opening of the Shintomiza on 7th June 1879 and to offer you, along with my fellow countrymen, our hospitality at an august speech welcoming you and an expression of appreciation. Furthermore, as regards to the matter in question, I will measure the time until your kind response to this request. Once it has been presented I will, on receiving the gift of this superb curtain, be hanging it to serve in a place of honour. I trust that this will be to our mutual satisfaction. On a separate note this curtain, the appearance of which more than meets expectations, will encourage those whose names will appear on the certificate of the impending gift to agree. On this the appeal of this proposal will be supported. Yours sincerely, 3rd February 1879, in Tōkyō to ASAP Hospitality Company, Heinrich Von Siebold, and Thomas McClatchie from the head of the Tōkyō Shintomiza, Morita Kan’ya the younger"
To which McClatchie replied...
"I am coming to Japan to attend the upcoming occasion. I respectfully advise caution as it may be dangerous to be associated with me my friends. In Japan people like the so called rōnin with their katana swords have long been in armed factions. Foreigners seen by them are immediately killed. I am pleased to be able to travel in Japan about which my mother has stopped crying. Coming to watch it’s not my intention to be beheaded by rōnin. The theatre is very pretty and we will be watching a beautiful play. It’s so pleasant don’t you agree? I respectfully ask that I be provided with the details to be written and sent to me care of my friend the mother of Great Britain (Queen Victoria)"
Kanya replied...
"I read your gracious letter in response to all the invitations sent for which I would like to thank you for confirming that you will be a guest in on the said occasion in June. Such a magnificent set of stage curtains that you have so kindly and honourably given I received with humble thanks. As for the matter in question, the occasion of this inauguration, it will be my honour to organise to the best of my ability, the better the honour for future generations. After this the illustrations will be seen in Ōsaka where all the separate designs will be displayed. With all due respect to you my three noble friends then you will be received with appropriate speeches of thanks and honour. I will measure the time preciously until your response for this article with the family crest which will in the named theatre be honoured. Respectfully, yours sincerely.4th February, Morita Kan’ya"
The Kabuki reforms.
The Kabuki theater was greatly affected during the reforms of the Meiji period. The main concern of the government was to transform the art of Kabuki into something similar to that of the western form. This placed theater from a common into a high social role, in which aristocrats and nobles would come and view the performances. Kabuki was to represent a civilized Japan (mostly for the sake of impressing westerners). In 1872, Kabuki leaders, including Morita Kanya XII were asked to participate in a discussion at the Tokyo city hall. There, the changes were addressed and Morita Kanya XII saw this as an opportunity to become a wealthy businessman with the hope to become the director of the future National Theatre of Japan. When he built his Shintomi-za he implemented the desired reforms, which later were referred to as "engeki kairyo." (Tschudin)
Career.
Morita Kanya was the owner of one of the three theatres licensed under the Tokugawa shogun regime: the Morita-za. Following the government takeover in 1868, Morita Kanya built the Morita-za in 1872, which marked a transformation of the Japanese Kabuki theater structure. In 1875, he had financial difficulties and reorganized the Morita-za into a company, which changed the theater’s name to Shintomi-za. A year later in 1876, the theater burned down, but Morita Kanya immediately rebuilt after its destruction. In 1878 it was completed and named Shintomi-za. (Yuichiro) The grand reopening ceremony took place on 7 June 1878 attended by the then Chief Minister Prince Sanjō Sanetomi (三条 実美). (Skingle) The Shintomi-za was furnished with Western chairs designed for Western visitors and gas lighting for the stage. A member of the British Legation in Tōkyō, Thomas Russell Hillier McClatchie, attended the opening ceremony and by all accounts he thoroughly enjoyed watching the opening night performances and later wrote to his mother and friends about it. Okamoto Keinosuke (later Kiyoshi - father of playwright Okamoto Kido - 岡本 綺堂)and friend of Morita Kanya, employed at the time as an interpreter at the British Legation, helped McClatchie to design a gift from the foreign residents for Shintomiza and on 3 February 1879, the theatre was presented with a curtain made from purple satin with intricate pine, bamboo and plum designs and Morita Kanya’s katabami emblem. Morita was overjoyed and hung the curtain for the March performances which began on February 28. (Skingle) The climax of Morita Kanya XII’s career was in June 1879 when foreign aristocrat Crown Prince Heinrich of Germany and on July 16, 1879 U.S. President Ulysses Grant came to the Shintomi-za and was treated to a performance of Yoshi-iye. (Brandon) All of these changes transformed Shintomi-za into Japan’s "national theatre", although it was not referred to as such.
Morita Kanya XII’s changes in the world of Kabuki theater.
Elimination of thrust stage.
During the heyday of Kabuki in the Edo period (1603–1868), the relationship between actor and audience was supposed to be strong and intimate. This meant that it was common for actors to interact with its audience. For instance, in the midst of the performance, the actors would come onto the "thrust stage" (a stage that extends into the audience) and interact with them. Morita Kanya XII with his attempt to transform kKabuki into a more respectable art form eliminated the thrust stage, thereby adhering to a western convention. This ended the relationship between actor and audience. (Samuel L. Leiter, ed., A Kabuki Reader (Armonk, NY: M.E. Sharpe, 2002))
Reform of Kabuki plays.
In 1878, Morita Kanya XII, following the government’s demand for historical accuracy, produced the play "“Okige no Kumo Harau Asagochi”" which was based on a real recent uprising. He also integrated elements of "good" morale into the dialogues of his actors, with the goal to civilize the commoners (Yuichiro). He also westernized some plays to appeal to western visitors. For instance, he wrote two Kabuki plays set in Europe in 1879. At another instance he would hire a play writer to create a play based on the General Grant’s victories in the American Civil War. (Brandon)
Changes in architecture and furniture.
The use of Western chairs for the audience, now standard in all Japanese theatres, was introduced in Kanya's Shintomi-za. The size of the stage, which remained the same for over a century, was also enlarged when Morita Kanya XII built the Shintomi-za. (Yuichiro)
Later life.
In 1894, Morita Kanya XII was forced to give up his theater management duty. He had a major financial crisis in which he lost 20,000 yen in the production of the play "Hyoryu Kidan Seiyo-geki", which turned out to be very unsuccessful due to the poor acting of Western performers (Yuichiro). In 1909, the Shintonomi-za was bought by Shochiku.
The last time Okamoto Kido and his father saw him was at the Bairin Tea House at the Kabukiza in Meiji 29 (1896) when they attended Ichikawa Danjūrō IX's revival performance of 'Shibaraku' (Wait a Minute), and 'Sukeroku'. At the time, according to Okamoto Kido's father, he had debts of ¥700,000 - ¥800,000 in 2011 values about ¥2,250,000,000 - ¥2,570,000,000, equal to about £14.5 – £15 Million or $22.25 – $22.5 million. He died on 21 August Meiji 30 (1897) at his home on Akasaka District's Nakano-chō (Skingle)

</doc>
<doc id="19834537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834537" title="Portraiture of Elizabeth I of England">
Portraiture of Elizabeth I of England

The portraiture of Elizabeth I of England illustrates the evolution of English royal portraits in the Early Modern period from the representations of simple likenesses to the later complex imagery used to convey the power and aspirations of the state, as well as of the monarch at its head.
Even the earliest portraits of Elizabeth I of England (1533–1603) contain symbolic objects such as roses and prayer books that would have carried meaning to viewers of her day. Later portraits of Elizabeth layer the iconography of empire—globes, crowns, swords and columns—and representations of virginity and purity—such as moons and pearls—with classical allusions to present a complex "story" that conveyed to Elizabethan era viewers the majesty and significance of their Virgin Queen.
Overview.
Portraiture in Tudor England.
Two portraiture traditions had arisen in the Tudor court since the days of Elizabeth's father, Henry VIII. The portrait miniature developed from the illuminated manuscript tradition. These small personal images were almost invariably painted from life over the space of a few days in watercolours on vellum stiffened by being glued to a playing card. Panel paintings in oils on prepared wood surfaces were based on preparatory drawings and were usually executed at life size, as were oil paintings on canvas.
Unlike her contemporaries in France, Elizabeth never granted rights to produce her portrait to a single artist, although Nicholas Hilliard was appointed her official limner or miniaturist and goldsmith. George Gower, a fashionable court portraitist created Serjeant Painter in 1581, was responsible for approving all portraits of the queen created by other artists from that date until his death in 1596. Elizabeth sat to a number of artists over the years, including Hilliard, Cornelis Ketel, Federico Zuccaro or Zuccari, Isaac Oliver, and most likely to Gower and Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger.
Portraits were commissioned by the government as gifts to foreign monarchs and to show to prospective suitors. Courtiers commissioned heavily symbolic paintings to demonstrate their devotion to the queen. The fashionable long galleries of later Elizabethan country houses were filled with sets of portraits. The studios of Tudor artists produced images of Elizabeth working from approved "face patterns" or drawings of the queen to meet this growing demand for her image, an important symbol of loyalty and reverence for the crown in times of turbulence.
European context.
Far the most impressive models available to English portraitists were the many portraits by Hans Holbein the Younger, the outstanding Northern portraitist of the first half of the century, who had made two lengthy visits to England and been Henry VIII's court artist. Holbein had accustomed the English court to the full-length life-size portrait, although none of his originals now survive. His great dynastic mural at Whitehall Palace, destroyed in 1698, and perhaps other original large portraits, would have been familiar to Elizabethan artists.
Both Holbein and his great Italian contemporary Titian had combined great psychological penetration with a sufficiently majestic impression to satisfy their royal patrons. By his second visit Holbein was already moving away from a strictly realist depiction; in his "Jane Seymour" (left) "the figure is no longer seen as displacing with its bulk a recognizable section of space: it approaches rather to a flat pattern, made alive by a bounding and vital outline". This tendency was to be taken much further by the later portraits of Elizabeth, where "Likeness of feature and an interest in form and volume have gradually been abandoned in favour of an effect of splendid majesty obtained by decorative pattern, and the forms have been flattened accordingly".
Titian continued to paint royal portraits, especially of Philip II of Spain, until the 1570s, but in sharply reduced numbers after about 1555, and he refused to travel from Venice to do them. The full length portrait of Philip (1550–51) now in the Prado was sent to Elizabeth's elder sister and predecessor Queen Mary I of England in advance of their marriage.
Towards the mid-century the most influential Continental courts came to prefer less revealing and intimate works, and at the mid-century the two most prominent and influential royal portraitists in paint, other than Titian, were the Netherlandish Anthonis Mor and Agnolo Bronzino in Florence, besides whom the Habsburg court sculptor and medallist Leone Leoni should also be mentioned. Mor, who had risen rapidly to prominence in 1540s, worked across Europe for the Habsburgs in a tighter and more rigid version of Titian's compositional manner, drawing also on the North Italian style of Moretto. Mor had actually visited London in 1554, and painted three versions of his well-known portrait of Queen Mary; he also painted English courtiers who visited Antwerp.
Mor's Spanish pupil Alonso Sánchez Coello continued in a stiffer version of his master's style, replacing him as Spanish court painter in 1561. Sofonisba Anguissola had painted in an intimately informal style, but after her recruitment to the Spanish court as the Queen's painter in 1560 was able to adapt her style to the much more formal demands of state portraiture. Moretto's pupil Giovanni Battista Moroni was Mor's contemporary and formed his mature style in the 1550s, but few of his spirited portraits were of royalty, or yet to be seen outside Italy.
Bronzino developed a style of coldly distant magnificence, based on the Mannerist portraits of Pontormo, working almost entirely for Cosimo I, the first Medici Grand-Duke. Bronzino's works, including his striking portraits of Cosimo's Duchess, Eleanor of Toledo were distributed in many versions across Europe, continuing to be made for two decades from the same studio pattern; a new portrait painted in her last years, about 1560, exists in only a few repetitions. At the least many of the foreign painters in London are likely to have seen versions of the earlier type, and there may well have been one in the Royal Collection.
French portraiture remained dominated by small but finely drawn bust-length or half-length works, including many drawings, often with colour, by François Clouet following, with a host of imitators, his father Jean, or even smaller oils by the Netherlandish Corneille de Lyon and his followers, typically no taller than a paperback book. A few full-length portraits of royalty were produced, dependent on German or Italian models.
Creating the royal image.
William Gaunt contrasts the simplicity of the 1546 portrait of "Elizabeth Tudor as a Princess" with later images of her as queen. He wrote, "The painter...is unknown, but in a competently Flemish style he depicts the daughter of Anne Boleyn as quiet and studious-looking, ornament in her attire as secondary to the plainness of line that emphasizes her youth. Great is the contrast with the awesome fantasy of the later portraits: the pallid, mask-like features, the extravagance of headdress and ruff, the padded ornateness that seemed to exclude all humanity." 
The lack of emphasis given to depicting depth and volume in her later portraits may have been influenced by the Queen's own views. In the "Art of Limming" Hilliard cautioned against all but the minimal use of chiaroscuro modelling that we see in his works, reflecting the views of his patron: "seeing that best to show oneself needeth no shadow of place but rather the open light...Her Majesty..chose her place to sit for that purpose in the open alley of a goodly garden, where no tree was near, nor any shadow at all..."
From the 1570s, the government sought to manipulate the image of the queen as an object of devotion and veneration. Sir Roy Strong writes: "The cult of Gloriana was skilfully created to buttress public order and, even more, deliberately to replace the pre-Reformation externals of religion, the cult of the Virgin and saints with their attendant images, processions, ceremonies and secular rejoicing." The pageantry of the Accession Day tilts, the poetry of the court, and the most iconic of Elizabeth's portraits all reflect this effort. The management of the queen's image reached its heights in the last decade of the reign, when realistic images of the aging queen were replaced with an eternally youthful vision defying the reality of the passage of time.
Early portraits.
The young queen.
Portraits of the young queen, many of them likely painted to be shown to prospective suitors and foreign heads of state, show a naturalness and restraint similar to those in the portrait of Elizabeth as a princess.
The full-length "Hampden" image of Elizabeth in a red satin gown by Steven van der Meulen has been identified by Sir Roy Strong as an important early portrait, "undertaken at a time when her image was being tightly controlled. 'This is a portrait dating from the mid to late 1560s, one of a group produced in response to a crisis over the production of the royal image, one which was reflected in the words of a draft proclamation dated 1563,' he said." The draft proclamation (never published) was a response to the circulation of poorly made portraits in which Elizabeth is shown "in blacke with a hoode and cornet", a style she no longer wore. Symbolism in these pictures is in keeping with earlier Tudor portraiture; in some Elizabeth holds a book (possibly a prayer book) suggesting studiousness or piety. In other paintings she holds or wears a red rose, symbol of the Tudor Dynasty's descent from the House of Lancaster, or white roses, symbols of the House of York and of maidenly chastity. In the Hampden portrait, Elizabeth wears a red rose on her shoulder and holds a gillyflower in her hand. Of this image, Strong says "'Here Elizabeth is caught in that short-lived period before what was a recognisable human became transmuted into a goddess'."
One artist active in Elizabeth's early court was the Flemish miniaturist Levina Teerlinc who had served as a painter and gentlewoman to Mary I and stayed on as a Gentlewoman of the Privy Chamber to Elizabeth. Teerlinc is best known for her pivotal position in the rise of the portrait miniature. There is documentation that she created numerous portraits of Elizabeth I, both individual portraits and portraits of the sovereign with important court figures, but only a few of these have survived and been identified.
Elizabeth and the goddesses.
The latter theme lies behind the 1572 "The Family of Henry VIII: An Allegory of the Tudor Succession" (attributed to Lucas de Heere). In this image, Catholic Mary and her husband Philip II of Spain are accompanied by Mars the god of War on the left, while Protestant Elizabeth on the right ushers in the goddesses Peace and Plenty. An inscription states that this painting was a gift from the queen to Francis Walsingham as a "Mark of her people's and her own content" and this may indicate that it commemorates the signing of the Treaty of Blois (1572) which established an alliance between England and France against Spanish aggression in the Netherlands during Walsingham's tour of duty as ambassador to the French court. Strong identifies both paintings as celebrations of Elizabeth's just rule by Flemish exiles to whom England was a refuge from the religious persecution of Protestants in the Spanish Netherlands.
Hilliard and the queen.
Nicholas Hilliard was an apprentice to the Queen's jeweller Robert Brandon, a goldsmith and city chamberlain of London, and Sir Roy Strong suggests that Hilliard may also have been trained in the art of limning by Levina Teerlinc. Hilliard emerged from his apprenticeship at a time when a new royal portrait painter was "desperately needed."
Hilliard's first known miniature of the Queen is dated 1572. It is not known when he was formally appointed limner (miniaturist) and goldsmith to Elizabeth, though he was granted the reversion of a lease by the Queen in 1573 for his "good, true and loyal service." Two panel portraits long attributed to him, the "Phoenix" and "Pelican" portraits, are dated c. 1572–76. These paintings are named after the jewels the queen wears, her personal badges of the pelican in her piety and the phoenix. National Portrait Gallery researchers announced in September 2010 that the two portraits were painted on wood from the same two trees. They also found that a tracing of the Phoenix portrait matches the Pelican portrait in reverse. They therefore deduce that both pictures of Elizabeth in her forties were painted around the same time.
But Hilliard's panel portraits seem to have been found wanting, and in 1576 the recently married Hilliard left for France to improve his skills. Returning to England, he continued to work as a goldsmith, and produced some spectacular "picture boxes" or jewelled lockets for miniatures: the "Armada Jewel", given by Elizabeth to Sir Thomas Heneage and the "Drake Pendant" given to Sir Francis Drake are the best known examples. As part of the cult of the Virgin Queen, courtiers were rather expected to wear the Queen's likeness, at least at Court.
His appointment as miniaturist to the Crown included the old sense of a painter of illuminated manuscripts and he was commissioned to decorate important documents, such as the founding charter of Emmanuel College, Cambridge (1584), which has an enthroned Elizabeth under a canopy of estate within an elaborate framework of Flemish-style Renaissance strapwork and grotesque ornament. He also seems to have designed woodcut title-page frames and borders for books, some of which bear his initials.
The Darnley Portrait.
The problem of an official portrait of Elizabeth was solved with the "Darnley Portrait". Likely painted from life around 1575–6, this portrait is the source of a face pattern which would be used and reused for authorized portraits of Elizabeth into the 1590s, preserving the impression of ageless beauty. Sir Roy Strong has suggested that the artist is Federico Zuccari or Zucaro, an "eminent" Italian artist, though not really a specialist portrait-painter, who is known to have visited the court briefly with a letter of introduction to Elizabeth's favourite Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester dated 5 March 1575. Zuccaro's preparatory drawings for full-length portraits of both Leicester and Elizabeth survive, although it is unlikely the full-length of Elizabeth was ever painted.
The "Darnley Portrait" features a crown and sceptre on a table beside the queen, and was the first appearance of these symbols of sovereignty separately used as props (rather than worn and carried) in Tudor portraiture, a theme that would be expanded in later portraits.
The Virgin Empress of the Seas.
Return of the Golden Age.
The excommunication of Elizabeth by Pope Pius V in 1570 led to increased tension with Philip II of Spain, who championed the Catholic Mary, Queen of Scots, as the legitimate heir of his late wife Mary I. This tension played out over the next decades in the seas of the New World as well as in Europe, and culminated in the invasion attempt of the Spanish Armada.
It is against this backdrop that the first of a long series of portraits appears depicting Elizabeth with heavy symbolic overlays of imperial dominion based on mastery of the seas. Combined with a second layer of symbolism representing Elizabeth as the Virgin Queen, these new paintings signify the manipulation of Elizabeth's image as the destined Protestant protector of her people.
Strong points out that there is no trace of this iconography in portraits of Elizabeth prior to 1579, and identifies its source as the conscious image-making of John Dee, whose 1577 "General and Rare Memorials Pertayning to the Perfect Arte of Navigation" encouraged the establishment of a British Empire supported by a strong navy, asserting Elizabeth's claims to imperial status via her supposed descent from Brutus of Troy and King Arthur.
Dee's inspiration lies in Geoffrey of Monmouth's "History of the Kings of Britain", which was accepted as true history by Elizabethan poets and formed the basis of the symbolic history of England. In this twelfth century pseudohistory, Britain was founded by and named after Brutus, the descendent of Aeneas who founded Rome. The Tudors, of Welsh descent, are heirs of the most ancient Britons and thus of Aeneas and Brutus. By uniting the Houses of York and Lancaster following the strife of the Wars of the Roses, the Tudors ushered in a united realm where "Pax" reigned. The Spenserian schoar Edwin Greenlaw states "The descent of the Britons from the Trojans, the linking of Arthur, Henry VIII, and Elizabeth as Britain's greatest monarchs, and the return under Elizabeth of the Golden Age are all commonplaces of Elizabethan thought." This understanding of history and Elizabeth's place in it forms the background to the symbolic portraits of the latter half of her reign.
The Virgin Queen.
A series of "Sieve Portraits" copy the "Darnley" face pattern and add an allegorical overlay that depicts Elizabeth as Tuccia, a Vestal Virgin who proved her chastity by carrying a sieve full of water from the Tiber River to the Temple of Vesta without spilling a drop. The first "Sieve Portrait" was painted by George Gower in 1579, but the most influential image is the 1583 version by Quentin Metsys (or Massys) the Younger.
In the Metsys version, Elizabeth is surrounded by symbols of empire, including a column and a globe, iconography that would appear again and again in her portraiture of the 1580s and 1590s, most notably in the "Armada Portrait" of c. 1588. The medallions on the pillar to the left of the queen illustrate the story of Dido and Aeneas, ancestor of Brutus, suggesting that like Aeneas, Elizabeth's destiny is to reject marriage and found an empire. This painting's patron was likely Sir Christopher Hatton (his heraldic badge of the white hind appears on the sleeve of one of the courtiers in the background), and the work may express opposition to the proposed marriage of Elizabeth to François, Duke of Anjou.
The virgin Tuccia was familiar to Elizabethan readers from Petrarch's "The Triumph of Chastity". Another symbol from this work is the spotless ermine, wearing a collar of gold studded with topazes. This symbol of purity appears in the "Ermine Portrait" of 1585, attributed to the herald William Segar. The queen bears the olive branch of "Pax" (Peace), and the sword of justice rests on the table at her side. In combination, these symbols represent not only the personal purity of Elizabeth but the "righteousness and justice of her government."
Visions of empire.
The "Armada Portrait" is an allegorical panel painting depicting the queen surrounded by symbols of empire against a backdrop representing the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588.
There are three surviving versions of the portrait, in addition to several derivative paintings. The version at Woburn Abbey, the seat of the Dukes of Bedford, is generally accepted as the work of George Gower, who had been appointed Serjeant Painter in 1581. A version in the National Portrait Gallery, London, which has been cut down at both sides leaving just a portrait of the queen, is also attributed to Gower. A third version, owned by the Tyrwhitt-Drake family, may have been commissioned by Sir Francis Drake. Scholars agree that this version is by a different hand, noting distinctive techniques and approaches to the modelling of the queen's features.
The combination of a life-sized portrait of the queen with a horizontal format is "quite unprecedented in her portraiture", although allegorical portraits in a horizontal format, such as "Elizabeth I and the Three Goddesses" and the "Family of Henry VIII: An Allegory of the Tudor Succession" pre-date the "Armada Portrait".
The queen's hand rests on a globe below the crown of England, "her fingers covering the Americas, indicating England's dominion of the seas and plans for imperialist expansion in the New World". The Queen is flanked by two columns behind, probably a reference to the famous impresa of the Holy Roman Emperor, Charles V, Philip II of Spain's father, which represented the pillars of Hercules, gateway to the Atlantic Ocean and the New World.
In the background view on the left, English fireships threaten the Spanish fleet, and on the right the ships are driven onto a rocky coast amid stormy seas by the "Protestant Wind". On a secondary level, these images show Elizabeth turning her back on storm and darkness while sunlight shines where she gazes.
An engraving by Crispijn van de Passe (Crispin van de Passe), published in 1596 but showing costume of the 1580s, carries similar iconography. Elizabeth stands between two columns bearing her arms and the Tudor heraldic badge of a portcullis. The columns are surmounted by her emblems of a pelican in her piety and a phoenix, and ships fill the sea behind her.
The cult of Elizabeth.
The various threads of mythology and symbolism that created the iconography of Elizabeth I combined into a tapestry of immense complexity in the years following the defeat of the Spanish Armada. In poetry, portraiture and pageantry, the queen was celebrated as Astraea, the just virgin, and simultaneously as Venus, the goddess of love. Another exaltation of the queen's virgin purity identified her with the moon goddess who holds dominion over the waters. Sir Walter Raleigh had begun to use Diana and later Cynthia as aliases for the queen in his poetry around 1580, and images of Elizabeth with jewels in the shape of crescent moons or the huntress's arrows begin to appear in portraiture around 1586 and multiply through the remainder of the reign. Courtiers wore the image of the Queen to signify their devotion, and had their portraits painted wearing her colours of black and white.
The "Ditchley Portrait" seems to have always been at the Oxfordshire home of Elizabeth's retired Champion, Sir Henry Lee of Ditchley, and likely was painted for (or commemorates) her two-day visit to Ditchley in 1592. The painting is attributed to Marcus Gheerearts the Younger, and was almost certainly based on a sitting arranged by Lee, who was the painter's patron. In this image, the queen stands on a map of England, her feet on Oxfordshire. The painting has been trimmed and the background poorly repainted, so that the inscription and sonnet are incomplete. Storms rage behind her while the sun shines before her, and she wears a jewel in the form of a celestial or armillary sphere close to her left ear. Many versions of this painting were made, likely in Gheeraerts' workshop, with the allegorical items removed and Elizabeth's features "softened" from the stark realism of her face in the original. One of these was sent as a diplomatic gift to the Grand Duke of Tuscany and is now in the Palazzo Pitti.
The last sitting and the Mask of Youth.
Around 1592, the queen also sat to Isaac Oliver, a pupil of Hilliard, who produced an unfinished portrait miniature (left) used as a pattern for engravings of the queen. Only a single finished miniature from this pattern survives, with the queen's features softened, and Strong concludes that this realistic image from life of the aging Elizabeth was not deemed a success.
Prior to the 1590s, woodcuts and engravings of the queen were created as book illustrations, but in this decade individual prints of the queen first appear, based on the Oliver face pattern. In 1596, the Privy Council ordered that unseemly portraits of the queen which had caused her "great offence" should be sought out and burnt, and Strong suggest that these prints, of which comparatively few survive, may be the offending images. Strong writes "It must have been exposure to the searching realism of both Gheeraerts and Oliver that provoked the decision to suppress all likenesses of the queen that depicted her as being in any way old and hence subject to mortality."
In any event, no surviving portraits dated between 1596 and Elizabeth's death in 1603 show the aging queen as she truly was. All subsequent images rely on a face pattern devised by Nicholas Hilliard sometime in the 1590s called by art historians the "Mask of Youth", portraying Elizabeth as ever-young. Some 16 miniatures by Hilliard and his studio are known based on this face pattern, with different combinations of costume and jewels likely painted from life, and it was also adopted by (or enforced on) other artists associated with the Court.
The coronation portraits.
Two portraits of Elizabeth in her coronation robes survive, both dated to 1600 or shortly thereafter. One is a panel portrait in oils (above) and the other is a miniature by Nicholas Hilliard. The warrant to the queen's tailor for remodelling Mary I's cloth of gold coronation robes for Elizabeth survives, and costume historian Janet Arnold's study points out that the paintings accurately reflect the written records, although the jewels differ in the two paintings, suggesting two different sources, one possibly a miniature by Levina Teerlinc. It is not known why, and for whom, these portraits were created; at or just after the end of the reign.
The Rainbow Portrait.
Attributed to Isaac Oliver, perhaps the most heavily symbolic portrait of the queen is the "Rainbow Portrait". It was painted around 1600–1602, when the queen was in her sixties. In this painting an ageless Elizabeth appears dressed as if for a masque, in a linen bodice embroidered with spring flowers and a mantle draped over one shoulder, her hair loose beneath a fantastical headdress. She wears symbols out of the popular emblem books: the cloak with eyes and ears, the serpent of wisdom, the celestial armillary sphere, and carries a rainbow with the motto "non sine sol iris" ("no rainbow without the sun"). Strong suggests that the complex "programme" for this image may be the work of the poet John Davies, whose "Hymns to Astraea" honouring the queen use much of the same imagery, and suggests it was commissioned by Robert Cecil as part of the decor for Elizabeth's visit in 1602, when a "shrine to Astraea" featured in the entertainments of what would prove to be the "last great festival of the reign".
Books and coins.
Prior to the wide dissemination of prints of the queen in the 1590s, the common people of Elizabeth's England would be most familiar with her image on the coinage. In December 1560, a systematic recoinage of the debased money then in circulation was begun. The main early effort was the issuance of sterling silver shillings and groats, but new coins were issued in both silver and gold. This restoration of the currency was one of the three principal achievements noted on Elizabeth's tomb, illustrating the value of stable currency to her contemporaries. Later coinage represented the queen in iconic fashion, with the traditional accompaniments of Tudor heraldic badges including the Tudor rose and portcullis.
Books provided another widely available source of images of Elizabeth. Her portrait appeared on the title page of the "Bishops' Bible", the standard Bible of the Church of England, issued in 1568 and revised in 1572. In various editions, Elizabeth is depicted with her orb and sceptre accompanied by female personifications.
"Reading" the portraits.
It may be impossible for modern viewers to see the hundreds of images of Elizabeth as her subjects, courtiers, and rivals saw them. The portraits are steeped in classical mythology and the Renaissance understanding of English history and destiny, filtered by allusions to Petrarch's sonnets and, late in the reign, to Edmund Spenser's "Faerie Queene". Dame Frances Yates points out that the most complexly symbolic portraits may all commemorate specific events or have been designed as part of elaborate themed entertainments. The most familiar images of Elizabeth—the "Armada", "Ditchley", and "Rainbow" portraits—are all associated with unique events in this way. To the extent that the contexts of other portraits have been lost to scholars, so too the keys to understanding these remarkable images as the Elizabethans understood them may be lost in time. Even those portraits that are not overtly allegorical may be full of meaning to a discerning eye. Elizabethan courtiers familiar with the language of flowers and the Italian emblem books could have read stories in the blooms the queen carried, the embroidery on her clothes, and the design of her jewels.
According to Roy Strong, Fear of the wrong use and perception of the visual image dominates the Elizabethan age. The old pre-Reformation idea of images, religious ones, was that they partook of the essence of what they depicted. Any advance in technique which could reinforce that experience was embraced. That was now reversed, indeed it may account for the Elizabethans failing to take cognisance of the optical advances which created the art of the Italian Renaissance. They certainly knew about these things but, and this is central to the understanding of the Elizabethans, chose not to employ them. Instead the visual arts retreated in favour of presenting a series of signs or symbols through which the viewer was meant to pass to an understanding of the idea behind the work. In this manner the visual arts were verbalised, turned into a form of book, a 'text' which called for reading by the onlooker. There are no better examples of this than the quite extraordinary portraits of the queen herself, which increasingly, as the reign progressed, took on the form of collections of abstract pattern and symbols disposed in an unnaturalistic manner for the viewer to unravel, and by doing so enter into an inner vision of the idea of monarchy."

</doc>
<doc id="19834559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834559" title="French corvette Revenant">
French corvette Revenant

Revenant (French: "ghost") was a 20-gun privateer corvette, launched in 1807, and designed by Robert Surcouf for commerce raiding. Her coppered hull allowed her to sail at up to 12 knots. The French Navy later requisitioned her and renamed her Iéna, after Napoleon's recent victory. The British subsequently captured her and she served in the Royal Navy as HMS "Victor". The French Navy recaptured her in 1809, and she served for a year under her original name. The British again captured her when they captured Isle de France (now Mauritius) in December 1810. However, they did not restore her to service and she was subsequently broken up.
Career.
Indian ocean cruises (1807 - 1808).
On 2 March 1807, "Revenant" departed from Saint-Malo and sailed for Isle de France, where she arrived on 10 June 1807, along with several prizes she had taken during her journey. She cruised the Bay of Bengal from September 1807 to 31 January 1808 under Surcouf, capturing the rice ships "Trafalgar", "Mangles", "Admiral Alpin", "Susannah" "Hunter", "Success", "Fortune", "New Endeavour", "Colonel Macauley", "William Burroughs", "Oriente" and "Jean Labdam".
In February 1807, Surcouf enlisted Potier as first officer on his new privateer "Revenant". After "Revenant" returned to Port-Louis from her first campaign, on 31 January 1808, Surcouf gave Potier command of the ship on 2 April.
In late April, as "Revenant" was completing her preparations and plotting her route, a prize taken by the privateer "Adèle" gave news of the new war between France and Portugal; "Adèle" also brought intelligence about the "Conceçáo-de-Santo-Antonio", a 64-gun ship of the line armed en flûte, which was in Goa preparatory to sailing for Rio de Janeiro and Lisbon. Surcouf sent Portier to intercept, and "Revenant" departed Port-Louis on 30 April. She arrived in her patrol zone on 17 May and sighted her prey on the 24th. "Revenant" captured "Conceçáo-de-Santo-Antonio" after a one-hour battle. Potier gave "Conceçáo" a prize crew under First Lieutenant Fonroc, and returned to Mauritius one month later with his prize.
"Revenant" was then sent back to France "en aventurier" with colonial goods.
French naval service.
On 4 July 1808, General Decaen, governor of Isle de France, requisitioned "Revenant". The government renamed her "Iéna", and gave command of her to Lieutenant Morice, with "Lieutenant de vaisseau" Albin Roussin as second officer. Surcouf had an altercation with Decaen but had to renounce his ship. Surcouf eventually purchased the "Sémillante", which he renamed "Charles", to return to France.
Capture by the Royal Navy.
"Iéna" set sail to cruise the Persian Gulf and Bay of Bengal. On 8 October 1808, off the Sandheads near the mouth of the Ganges river, she was chased by the 44-gun HMS "Modeste", under Captain George Elliot, which caught the "Iéna" after 9 hours. A night battle followed at musket range; after two and a half hours, "Iéna" was crippled, dismasted and leaking water, and struck her colours. "Iéna" had no casualties, while "Modeste" had her master killed and a seaman wounded. The Royal Navy commissioned "Iéna" as the 18-gun ship sloop HMS "Victor", initially under Commander Thomas Grout and subsequently under Captain Edward Stopford.
On 2 May 1809, she departed from the Sandheads with a convoy of five Indiamen and several smaller vessels. On 24 May a storm split the convoy and "Victor", the small ships and two of the Indiamen continued without "Streatham", "Europe" and "Lord Keith". "Streatham" and "Europe" were captured on 31 May.
Recapture by the French Navy.
On 2 November 1809, HMS "Victor", under Edward Stopford, encountered the 44-gun frigate "Bellone", under Guy-Victor Duperré; "Victor" struck after a brief but spirited resistance. She was taken to Isle de France, where she was repaired and recommissioned as Victor in the French Navy, under Lieutenant Nicolas Morice.
On 21 February, she sailed for a cruise in the Indian Ocean and the Mozambique Channel in a squadron under Captain Duperré, on "Bellone", which also comprised "Minerve" under Pierre Bouvet. There, she took part in the Action of 3 July 1810, contributing to the capture of the East Indiamen "Windham" and "Ceylon".
Upon their to Isle de France, the French squadron encountered a British frigate squadron attempting to seize the island. In the ensuing Battle of Grand Port, "Revenant" was used as a support ship, behind the French line of battle, as her armament was weaker than that of the more powerful frigates.
On 17–18 September 1810, along with "Vénus", she captured the 40-gun HMS "Ceylon". "Vénus" and "Ceylon" were damaged in the battle, and the next day a British squadron composed of HMS "Boadicea", HMS "Otter" and the brig HMS "Staunch" captured "Vénus" and "Ceylon"; "Revenant" managed to escape.
Fate.
The British again captured "Revenant" when Isle de France fell on 3 December 1810. She was not restored to service but instead was subsequently broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="19834573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834573" title="British Quality Foundation">
British Quality Foundation

The British Quality Foundation (BQF) is the community for every business seeking excellent insights, tools and experiences to improve itself. It is an independent, not-for-profit corporate membership organisation and was founded by the DTI and UK business leaders in 1993.
The BQF’s Patron is The Princess Royal and the current President is David Callaghan, Senior Vice President Alliances and Channels, Oracle Corporation Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Vision and mission.
The BQF's vision is to be the UK’s most effective corporate membership organisation championing continuous improvement and sustainable excellence. Its mission is to help organisations to learn from best practice, improve performance and achieve sustainable excellence.
Membership.
The BQF’s members range from leading international companies to small firms and public sector bodies. Membership can be for a whole organisation, a division, a department or even a single unit, and there are different categories of membership depending on the size of organisation and the level of service and benefits required. Premier members enjoy exclusive benefits including best practice events and seminars.
Products and services.
The BQF provides support to organisations on their excellence journey with a range of performance improvement products and services that include awards, certification, conferences, networking opportunities, training and workshops.
The BQF specialises in the EFQM Excellence Model, Europe’s leading performance improvement methodology, and as an EFQM Primary Partner, is the only organisation in the UK able to provide EFQM's full range of supporting products and services.
BQF Awards.
The BQF runs a comprehensive annual awards programme which allows organisations to demonstrate their commitment to performance improvement and the achievement of excellence. The awards are the UK Excellence Award, the BQF Achievement Awards, the Lean Six Sigma Award and the BQF Gold Medal for Excellence, and the winners are announced at an annual gala ceremony every October in London.
The UK Excellence Award is the highest and most prestigious BQF accolade available. Entrants undergo a rigorous assessment against the EFQM Excellence Model by a team of specially trained assessors, and must demonstrate sustained levels of performance that met or exceeded the expectations of all of their stakeholders. Previous winners include Ricoh UK Products Ltd, Siemens and TNT.

</doc>
<doc id="19834574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834574" title="Bashi">
Bashi

Bashi (, also Romanized as Bāshī) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 708, in 166 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19834575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834575" title="2004 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
2004 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 2004 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began on December 2, 2004 with 64 teams and ended December 18 when Stanford defeated Minnesota 3 games to 0 in Long Beach, California for the program's sixth NCAA title.
Stanford, who was the tournament's 11th overall seed, became the lowest seed to win the national title. Minnesota was making the school's first national championship match appearance. Stanford's sixth NCAA national championship was the most of any other program in Division I, although UCLA and Southern California had each won six overall national collegiate titles up to that point. 
Ogonna Nnamani, the tournament's Most Outstanding Player, set an NCAA tournament record for kills in a tournament, as she had 165 in six matches, including 29 against Minnesota in the final. Nnamani also set the NCAA tournament record for kill attempts at 356. Stanford setter Bryn Kehoe became the first freshman setter to lead a team to a NCAA national championship.
National Semifinals.
Southern California vs. Minnesota.
Behind 18 kills from Minnesota's Erin Martin, the Golden Gophers knocked out two-time defending NCAA Champion USC with a 3-1 decision to advance to their first NCAA Championship match in school history.
Stanford vs. Washington.
Stanford, the surprise of the tournament, came through with a 3-1 win over Pac-10 champion Washington. Ogonna Nnamani had 33 kills to lead Stanford to the championship match. During the regular season, Stanford and Washington split the match ups, with Washington sweeping the Cardinal in Seattle and Stanford returning the favor in Palo Alto by defeating the Huskies in five.
National Championship: Stanford vs. Minnesota.
Behind 29 kills from Nnamani, Stanford completed their NCAA run by sweeping the Golden Gophers. Stanford easily won the first set, 30-23. The second was much closer, with Stanford going on a late run the win the second set, 30-27.
The third set was not competitive, which may have been due to an injury. Late in the second set, Minnesota's All-American libero, Paula Gentil, collided with a teammate while trying to dig a ball which left her unable to move on the court for over five minutes. Gentil was able to get up, but could not return to the match with a neck injury. Stanford won easily, 30-21.
Stanford's surprising run was due to the fact that they started out the season 15-6 and was ranked out of the top ten for in the beginning of the season. However, the Cardinal found momentum in the middle of the season, winning their last 15 matches including an upset of then-#1 and undefeated Washington in five sets.
NCAA Tournament records.
There are four NCAA tournament records that were set in the 2004 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19834582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834582" title="Allied Ace Pilots">
Allied Ace Pilots


</doc>
<doc id="19834586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834586" title="Dedan Kimathi University of Technology">
Dedan Kimathi University of Technology

Dedan Kimathi University of Technology (DKUT) is a public, coeducational technological university in Nyeri, Kenya. It is one of 24 public universities in Kenya, having been a constituent college of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology since the year 2007 until it was chartered to become a fully fledged public university on 14 December 2012. 
It was the first university in Kenya to be chartered under the new universities act of 2012 and the eighth public university to be established in the country. 
It started as a middle-level national technical and business-oriented learning institution in 1972 and was elevated in 2007 to a constituent university college of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology through a "Kenya Gazette" notice to become a full-fledged university in three years. However, this came later on 14 December 2012 when President Mwai Kibaki officiated and awarded the institution a charter in a landmark ceremony attended by key government officials and higher education stakeholders. 
It is located approximately 6 km from Nyeri along the Nyeri – Mweiga highway. The entire college land spans about consisting of of natural forest, of mature coffee and of open space for expansion
On 26 November 2008 construction of a modernistic, multi-purpose resource centre began. The second phase, out of four, of this project reached completion in late 2010. It serves as the main hub for most activities and events in the college.
History.
DKUT's predecessor, Kimathi Institute of Technology (KIT), was established as a Community Project beginning in 1972 and opening doors to its first students in 1978. The institute aimed at equipping the youth with technical and business skills in an environment fostering entrepreneurship to enable them enter gainful employment upon graduating. 
By the time it was upgraded, it had graduated to offering diploma programmes and, as an accredited centre of JKUAT, was rapidly building university-level capacity. The first degree students in B.Com and B.IT were admitted under these arrangements in May 2006 and they were expected to complete their studies in 2009.
Academics.
DKUT is a technological institution is made up of three schools: The School of Engineering, School of Computing and Information Technology, and the School of Business offer 5, 2 and 2 degrees respectively with the School of Computing and Information Technology offering a diploma in Information Technology.
To graduate, the School of Engineering students must successfully complete five academic years while those in the other schools must complete four academic years.
The university's academic calendar is not uniform as the last three classes have joined the institution at different times of the year. Each academic year consists of two semesters.
Administration.
Being a government institution, it is run through an appointed University College Council. The chancellor, principal and permanent secretaries in the Ministries of Higher Education and Finance are members of the council. The current council chairman is Dr. Dulacha Galgallo Barako.
Campus.
Dedan Kimathi University of Technology is located about 6 km from Nyeri town. The campus includes education facilities, a vast coffee plantation and a forest.
The campus is basically divided into two. The University Centre where the library, departmental offices and resource centre are and what was the home of Kimathi Institute of Technology consisting of lecture rooms, workshops, hostels facilities and a football field. 
Academic facilities.
Facilities that were used by the Kimathi Institute of Technology are still the most used for academic purposes thus far. However the library and resource centre are situated at the University Centre.
The resource centre which features great architecture and design is divided into four phases with the two phases complete. The first phase includes a library, lecture theatres and laboratories that were due to be completed in June 2009 and supporting infrastructure. It is funded by the government of Kenya. Subsequent phase of development comprises two academic blocks – one to house ICT labs, lecture rooms and offices and the other to house engineering labs, workshops, and supporting physics and chemistry labs. 
Student life.
The quality of life at the institution is gradually increasing as students elect to live near and on campus. 
Hockey is the most popular and successful campus sport. The hockey club dubbed The Titans Hockey Club participates in the Kenya Hockey Union's Men's National League. Rugby and football follow closely.
Popular clubs and societies include the Christian Union, Catholic Action, entrepreneurship club, wildlife club, the gym club, art for youth development, Actuarial Association of Kimathi and the ICT Club. The ICT Club is particularly known for organising and hosting the most enticing ICT conference in the history of the school.
The students are represented by Kimathi University College of Technology Students' Organization that is elected every year.
Housing and sports facilities.
Kimathi has six halls of residence, one of which houses female students. Off-campus housing is very popular; the larger portion of students choose it. Transport is provided by the school to and from Nyeri and its nearby towns where some students reside. Off-campus accommodation near the school is available as private developers are investing hugely near the school. 
Campus meals are served by the school mess and a few off-campus food joints. Self cooking is not very popular amongst the students. A students centre is also available for students to socialise, watch TV and play pool.
Sports facilities include a rugby football field; volleyball, basketball and badminton courts; and a field hockey pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="19834598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834598" title="Tuvalu and the United Nations">
Tuvalu and the United Nations

Tuvalu became the 189th member of the United Nations in September 2000. At present, the country's Permanent Representative to the United Nations is Ambassador Afelee F. Pita. Tuvalu is one of 19 states not recognising China (People's Republic of China), a charter member of the UN and one of the five members of the Permanent seats for UNSC.
Tuvalu, one of the world's smallest countries, has indicated that its priority within the United Nations is to emphasise "climate change and the unique vulnerabilities of Tuvalu to its adverse impacts". Other priorities are obtaining "additional development assistance from potential donor countries", widening the scope of Tuvalu's bilateral diplomatic relations, and, more generally, expressing "Tuvalu's interests and concerns". The issue of climate change has featured prominently in Tuvalu's interventions. Indeed, the country joined the United Nations as soon as it could afford to do so, to raise the issue to greater prominence. In June 2007, Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia wrote in the "UN Chronicle" that climate change was the "one issue that strikes at the heart of my nation", and added: "For this reason, Tuvalu has been very active in climate change negotiations and has actively participated in recent discussions in the UN Security Council. For a small island developing State like Tuvalu, this is a security issue of immense proportions". He called for "a new kind of Marshall Plan to secure the necessary funds to meet the costs of adaptation". Willy Telavi, who became Prime Minister in December 2010, has likewise asked the United Nations to act urgently on the issue.
Tuvalu notably played an active role in the 2009 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen, attracting media attention. The Tuvaluan delegation submitted a proposed protocol which would have imposed deeper, legally binding emission cuts, including on developing nations. The proposal -dubbed by the media and by NGOs as the "Tuvalu Protocol"- was "immediately supported by other small island states, including Grenada, Trinidad and Tobago and several African states", but opposed by countries including China, India and Saudi Arabia. The disagreement caused a suspension in negotiations, and prompted supportive campaign groups to "demonstrate[...] outside the meeting in favour of Tuvalu, chanting: 'Tuvalu is the new deal.'" Tuvalu's position was supported by, among others, East Timor, the Dominican Republic, Jamaica and Vanuatu, and by Papua New Guinean chief negotiator Kevin Conrad. Tuvalu and its representative Ian Fry "were the toast of the thousands of environmentalists at the conference, who held a noisy demonstration in support of the island state's position". In an article entitled "You caused it, you fix it: Tuvalu takes off the gloves", the "Sydney Morning Herald" noted that, by asking for a protocol that would legally bind developing countries, Tuvalu had "cracked a diplomatic axiom that has prevailed since the UN climate convention came into being in 1992: rich countries caused global warming, and it was their responsibility to fix it". "The Economic Times" in India noted that the Tuvaluan proposal had " takecentre stage", holding up proceedings for two consecutives days until it was rejected due to opposition from larger nations. Australian Senator Christine Milne described Tuvalu as "the mouse that roared" at the Conference. Fry refused to support the final agreement reached by the Conference, describing it as "30 pieces of silver to betray our future and our people", after delivering a final plea in a speech with tears in his eyes, concluding "The fate of my country rests in your hands". "The Australian"’s political editor commented that, following Fry's "tear-jerking performance that prompted wild applause among the crowded Copenhagen conference floor", Tuvalu was "no longer small fry on the world stage".
Statements.
In 2002, Governor-General Tomasi Puapua concluded his address to the United Nations General Assembly by saying:
"Finally, Mr. President, efforts to ensure sustainable development, peace, security and long­term livelihood for the world will have no meaning to us in Tuvalu in the absence of serious actions to address the adverse and devastating effects of global warming. At no more than three meters above sea level, Tuvalu is particularly exposed to these effects. Indeed our people are already migrating to escape, and are already suffering from the consequences of what world authorities on climate change have consistently been warning us. Only two weeks ago, a period when the weather was normal and calm and at low tide, unusually big waves suddenly crashed ashore and flooded most part of the capital island.
In the event that the situation is not reversed, where does the international community think the Tuvalu people are to hide from the onslaught of sea level rise? Taking us as environmental refugees, is not what Tuvalu is after in the long run. We want the islands of Tuvalu and our nation to remain permanently and not be submerged as a result of greed and uncontrolled consumption of industrialized countries. We want our children to grow up the way my wife and I did in our own islands and in our own culture.
We once again appeal to the industrialized countries, particularly those who have not done so, to urgently ratify and fully implement the Kyoto Protocol, and to provide concrete support in all our adaptation efforts to cope with the effects of climate change and sea level rise. Tuvalu, having little or nothing to do with the causes, cannot be left on its own to pay the price. We must work together. May God Bless you all. May God Bless the United Nations."
Addressing the Special Session of the Security Council on Energy, Climate and Security in April 2007, Ambassador Pita stated:
"We face many threats associated with climate change. Ocean warming is changing the very nature of our island nation. Slowly our coral reefs are dieing through coral bleaching, we are witnessing changes to fish stocks, and we face the increasing threat of more severe cyclones. With the highest point of four metres above sea level, the threat of severe cyclones is extremely disturbing, and severe water shortages will further threaten the livelihoods of people in many islands. Madam President, our livelihood is already threatened by sea level rise, and the implications for our long term security are very disturbing. Many have spoken about the possibility of migrating from our homeland. If this becomes a reality, then we are faced with an unprecedented threat to our nationhood. This would be an infringement on our fundamental rights to nationality and statehood as constituted under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international conventions."
Addressing the United Nations General Assembly in September 2008, Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia stated:
"Climate change is, without doubt, the most serious threat to the global security and survival of mankind. It is an issue of enormous concern to a highly vulnerable small island State like Tuvalu. Here in this Great House, we now know both the science and economics of climate change. We also know the cause of climate change, and that human actions by ALL countries are urgently needed to address it. The central message of both the IPCC reports and the Sir Nicholas Stern reports to us, world leaders, is crystal clear: "unless urgent actions are done to curb greenhoses gasses emissions by shifting to a new global energy mix based on renewable energy sources, and unless timely adaptation is done, the adverse impact of climate change on all communities, will be catastrophic."" (italics in original submission)

</doc>
<doc id="19834610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834610" title="First Cherokee Female Seminary Site">
First Cherokee Female Seminary Site

The first Cherokee Female Seminary was a boarding school opened by the Cherokee Nation in 1851 in Park Hill. On Easter Sunday 1887, a fire burned the building, but the head of the school, Florence Wilson, made sure all the girls got out. Two years later, in 1889, the new Cherokee Female Seminary reopened and still stands just north of Tahlequah.
Today the Cherokee Heritage Center stands on the grounds of the original Cherokee Female Seminary. The only Classical Revival architecture features to survive the 1887 fire, the school's columns still stand today and are surrounded by a reflecting pond.

</doc>
<doc id="19834613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834613" title="Oluf Iversen">
Oluf Iversen

Oluf Iversen (18 November 1847 – 26 January 1917) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Moss as the son of a glazier. He took over his father's glazier workshop in 1861.
He became involved in politics, and served for an unknown period on the city council in Moss. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1895, representing the constituency of "Moss og Drøbak". He was re-elected in 1898, 1900 and 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="19834636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834636" title="Dark Forces (disambiguation)">
Dark Forces (disambiguation)

Dark Forces usually refers to the 1995 video game "Star Wars: Dark Forces".
Dark Forces may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19834638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834638" title="Jack Carey (dancer)">
Jack Carey (dancer)

Jack Carey was a United States swing dancer, choreographer and judge.
In 1991 he was inducted into the Swing Dance Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19834642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834642" title="Grammostola actaeon">
Grammostola actaeon

Grammostola actaeon is a New World spider also known as the Brazilian Redrump or the Brazilian Wooly Black. It is commonly found in southern Brazil and parts of Uruguay and is remarkably similar to "Grammostola gigantea" and "Grammostola iheringi". It was first identified in 1903 by British zoologist R.I Pocock.

</doc>
<doc id="19834644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834644" title="Mariano Juan">
Mariano Juan

Mariano Alcides Juan (born 15 May 1976 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine association football player who played in Argentina for River Plate, Racing and Huracán, in the Netherlands for Ajax, and in Spain for Getafe CF, CD Toledo and CD Leganés.

</doc>
<doc id="19834653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834653" title="RSA–BankTrust Building">
RSA–BankTrust Building

The RSA–BankTrust Building, originally the First National Bank Building, is a 34 story, International Style office tower located in downtown Mobile, Alabama. Most recently known as the AmSouth Bank Building, it had been named in honor of its largest tenant until 2006, AmSouth Bancorporation. It was renamed the GM Building by its new owner, Retirement Systems of Alabama, in 2009. Following a lease agreement with BancTrust Financial Group and its community bank subsidiary, BankTrust, it was renamed again. BancTrust Financial Group is the only publicly traded bank holding company headquartered in Mobile. The building officially became the RSA–BankTrust Building on August 25, 2010. BankTrust will occupy of the tower, including the lobby floor and floors 25 through 31.
History.
Both the original First National Bank building (built 1913) and the three-story Neo-Renaissance style U.S. Customs House (built 1853) were demolished in 1963 to clear the site for the new building. The office tower was completed in 1965 and was the tallest building in Alabama from that time until 1986, when it was surpassed by the Wachovia Tower in Birmingham. It remained the tallest building in Mobile until the completion of the RSA Battle House Tower in 2007. 
The building was acquired by Retirement Systems of Alabama in February 2009 and subsequently renamed. Plans for an interior and exterior renovation were announced in November 2009. The architectural firm of Goodwyn, Mills & Cawood is performing the design and engineering work. The plans call for upgrading the interior office space from Class C to Class B. Exterior changes include replacing all windows with longer, mirror-tinted versions. The renovations are underway and are expected to be completed by March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19834662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834662" title="Animal Boxing">
Animal Boxing

Animal Boxing is a video game for the Nintendo DS and on DSiWare. The game involves boxing with over 50 various animals by using the touchscreen; the game is played with the DS held upside down so that the touch screen is above. In single player mode, you play as a customizable human, while in multiplayer mode, which can be played with others using Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, you can play as a human or an animal of your choice.
Reception.
The game was met with mainly mediocre reviews, receiving a 5.6 from IGN. It was criticized for its simple gameplay, but was met with positive reception for its graphics.

</doc>
<doc id="19834679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834679" title="Hydra-class frigate">
Hydra-class frigate

The "Hydra" class are a group of four frigates in service with the Hellenic Navy. They were designed in Germany and are part of the MEKO group of modular warships, in this case the MEKO 200 design. The programme was authorised in 1988 and partially paid for with FMS aid and previsioned for the commission of six vessels. The first ship was built in Germany and commissioned in 1992 but suffered a serious fire while working up near Portland, England. Repairs were completed in 1993. The Greek built warships were delayed due to financial problems on the part of the Hellenic Shipyards completing in the late 1990s which also led to limiting the total number of vessels to four mainly after the acquisition of eight Kortenaer class frigate from the Netherlands in the late 1990s. In 2007, an upgrade of the STIR fire control system to allow the firing of the RIM-162 ESSM surface to air missile was launched. Salamis has been firstly upgraded and, in August 2008, successfully completed a live firing test. The other three Hydra vessels were upgraded during 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19834691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834691" title="Britannia High">
Britannia High

Britannia High is a British musical drama television series co-produced by Granada Television (now part of ITV Studios) and Globe Productions for the ITV network. The series focused on the lives of a group of teenagers and their mentors at a fictional London theatre school. It aired on ITV and TV3 Ireland, premiering on 26 October 2008. 
The show starred Sapphire Elia, Georgina Hagen, Mitch Hewer, Rana Roy, Matthew James Thomas and Marcquelle Ward, as well as Adam Garcia as the dance mentor, Lorraine Pilkington as the music mentor and Mark Benton as the school principal and acting mentor. In addition to the main cast, the series featured cameo performances from Girls Aloud, Boyzone, Matt Willis and Gemma Bissix. Also, Aston Merrygold, lead singer of hit boyband JLS, auditioned for the role before his success in the boyband - but only made it to the final 16. George Ure who attended Mountview Academy also auditioned before his success in the Musical Wicked where he played Boq. Pixie Lott also auditioned as did Ed Sheeran and Danielle Peazer. The show featured an original soundtrack which was created by a team of pop producers and writers in the UK, led by Take That member Gary Barlow. 
The show has been compared to the popular musicals "High School Musical" and "Fame". The cast, however, are of the opinion that "Britannia High" is, "Something new. And it's British."
A second series was ruled out in January 2009 by ITV after the first received poor ratings, being beaten by other shows such as BBC's "Antiques Roadshow".
Production.
"Britannia High" was based on an idea by "Strictly Come Dancing" choreography judge Arlene Phillips and theatre impresario David Ian, who were both executive producers for the show. It was developed by producer Gareth Philips for ITV Productions in Manchester. Alongside Philips, the production team consisted of series producer and lead director Brian Grant, executive producers Kieran Roberts and Mark Wells, and Anna Land for Globe Productions. It was written by Jonathan Harvey, Damon Rochefort, Julie Jones, Kirstie Falkous, and John Regier.
In addition to Arlene Phillips managing the choreography, Gary Barlow was heavily involved in providing the score of "Britannia High". Guy Chambers, Steve Mac, Andy Hill, Mark Owen, James Bourne and Elliot Kennedy also contributed to the musical component of the show.
"Britannia High" was commissioned by ITV from ITV plc's in-house production division. After low ratings, ITV did not commission a second series, though Arlene Phillips told ITN that the format was "not done and dusted".
Episode list.
"Britannia High" began broadcasting in a primetime Sunday night slot starting on 26 October 2008. The first episode was made available on ITV Player as a "sneak peek" on 17 October.
Interactive elements.
"Britannia High" featured a wide range of online content, including on itv.com, ITV Mobile, ITV Interactive and the social networking site, Bebo. 
The "Britannia High" website was the virtual home of the performing arts school, and featured interactive elements such as blogs, photographs, e-newsletters and music from Universal Artists. Additionally, two characters, BB and Jez, hosted a podcast featuring songs from the series and also world songs. ITV's red button service, ITV Interactive, featured preview and catch-up videos, character profiles, photo galleries and dance tutorials.
Soundtrack.
The "Britannia High Soundtrack" was released on 24 November 2008. It included 18 songs from the show.
Track listing.
The CD also features a weblink which allows the owner to download a "Britannia High Megamix" (ft. "Start Of Something", "Wake Up", "Missing Person", "Best of Me" and "Watch This Space"), "Start of Something" video, "Start of Something" (behind the scenes) and a remix of "Watch This Space".
Additional broadcast.
CITV.
The hour-long episodes of "Britannia High" were reconfigured into two-part 30-minute episodes, and broadcast on ITV's children's strand CITV from 20 April 2009. In accordance with CITV's target audience, words such as "bitch" and "sex" have been edited out of dialogue and songs.
On Demand.
All nine 45-minute episodes were made available to Virgin Media's customers through ITV Player, which is carried on Virgin's On Demand service.

</doc>
<doc id="19834693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834693" title="The Big Four (Calgary)">
The Big Four (Calgary)

The Big Four were the wealthy Alberta cattlemen Patrick Burns, George Lane, A. E. Cross and Archibald J. McLean. Together they founded the Calgary Stampede, as well as other cultural and entrepreneurial activities in Calgary, Alberta, Canada in the early years of the 20th century.
George Lane and A.J. McLean were ranchers, Pat Burns owned a meat packing business and A.E. Cross was a brewery owner. All four men were involved in Alberta's cattle industry.
Calgary Stampede.
In the summer of 1912, the Big Four were approached by cowboy Guy Weadick with the proposal for a wild west show that would ""make Buffalo Bill's Wild West Extravaganza look like a sideshow."" They each put up $25,000 to finance the first Calgary Stampede held in September 1912. The event has grown since to more than $1.8 million in prize money, and attracts more than one million visitors yearly.
The "Big Four Building" at the Stampede Grounds in Calgary was named for the four businessmen, and once held the largest curling rink in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19834695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834695" title="Jack Carey">
Jack Carey

Jack Carey (1889 – 1934) was a United States trombonist, the leader of the Crescent City Orchestra. The authorship of the famous "Tiger Rag" tune is attributed to him by some.

</doc>
<doc id="19834701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834701" title="USS Waban (1880)">
USS Waban (1880)

USS "Waban" was a steamer in commission in the United States Navy from 1898 to 1919.
"Waban" was built as the iron-hulled, stern-wheel steamer "Confidence", completed in 1880 at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by William Cramp and Sons. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 25 June 1898 from M. Revel for use during the Spanish-American War. Renamed USS "Waban", the ship was commissioned on 25 July 1898 and assigned to the 6th Naval District.
"Waban" served with the Auxiliary Naval Force and was based at the 6th Naval District headquarters at Port Royal, South Carolina, during the brief Spanish-American War, which ended on 13 August 1898. She was subsequently stationed at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and remained in Cuban waters through 1901. She then shifted to Pensacola, Florida.
Transferred once more to Caribbean waters, "Waban" departed Pensacola on 17 October 1911, bound for Cuba, and arrived at Guantanamo Bay on 31 October 1911. She remained there performing local tug and towing duties with the fleet through World War I, in which the United States participated from 6 April 1917 to 11 November 1918.
Subsequently decommissioned, "Waban" was struck from the Navy List on 17 July 1919 and sold to Whiteman Brothers, of New Orleans, Louisiana. She became SS "Waban" in mercantile service and operated, first at New Orleans and later at Port Arthur, Texas, until 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19834719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834719" title="Animal Genius">
Animal Genius

Animal Genius is a puzzle video game released for the Nintendo DS in 2007. Jack DeVries, writing for IGN, gave the game a score of 6.5/10, concluding that it is a decent title for young children with an interest in animals.

</doc>
<doc id="19834768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834768" title="French ship Iéna">
French ship Iéna

Four ships of the French Navy have borne the name Iéna in honour of the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt:

</doc>
<doc id="19834769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834769" title="Gérard Bitsindou">
Gérard Bitsindou

Gérard Bitsindou (15 November 1941 – 26 August 2012) was a Congolese political figure who was President of the Constitutional Court of Congo-Brazzaville from 2003 to 2012. He previously served as Secretary-General of the Presidency from 1980 to 1991 and as Minister for the "Contrôle d'Etat" from 1997 to 2002.
A member of the Lari ethnic group, Bitsindou was born in Mbandza-Ndounga, located in the Pool Region. He was Director of Labour at the Ministry of Labour and the Civil Service before becoming Secretary-General of the Presidency under President Denis Sassou Nguesso; he held the latter post from 1980 to 1991. After Sassou Nguesso returned to power in the 1997 civil war, he appointed Bitsindou as Minister in charge of the "Contrôle d'Etat" on 2 November 1997. He was subsequently moved to the post of Minister at the Presidency in charge of the Cabinet of the Head of State and the "Contrôle d'Etat" on 12 January 1999. 
In the 2002 parliamentary election, Bitsindou was elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate from Mbandza-Ndounga constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 54.86% of the vote. He was not included in the government named on 18 August 2002; his ministerial duties were split between two successors, and he handed over control of his ministry on 22 August 2002. A few months later, he was appointed as President of the Constitutional Court by President Sassou Nguesso on 29 January 2003.
Bitsindou was sworn in for another term as President of the Constitutional Council on 15 June 2012, but he died in Paris two months later, on 26 August 2012. His death came at a time when the Constitutional Court was responsible for reviewing legal complaints regarding the July–August 2012 parliamentary election. He was buried at Madibou in Brazzaville on 6 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19834780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834780" title="Animal Paradise">
Animal Paradise

Hana Deka Club: Animal Paradise is a 2007 video game by Agatsuma Entertainment for the Nintendo DS. It was originally cited for release in the US as 'Pocket Pets', by O3 Entertainment. Empire Interactive later published the title as 'Animal Paradise', as it had already done so in Europe. The game features famous photographs from Japanese photographer, Yoneo Morita. Its sequel, "Animal Paradise Wild", was released in 2009.
Animal Paradise Wild.
Animal Paradise Wild is a video game developed by Empire Interactive and published by Zoo Games, as a sequel to "Animal Paradise" for the Nintendo DS.

</doc>
<doc id="19834790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834790" title="Natomas Men's Professional Tennis Tournament">
Natomas Men's Professional Tennis Tournament

The Natomas Men's Professional Tennis Tournament is a tennis tournament held in Sacramento, California, USA since 2005. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19834794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834794" title="HMS Bridport">
HMS Bridport

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Bridport" after the English south coast town of Bridport:

</doc>
<doc id="19834836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834836" title="Intro (Danny Fernandes album)">
Intro (Danny Fernandes album)

Intro is the debut album of pop singer Danny Fernandes. It was co-written and co-produced by rapper Belly. The album features the hit singles "Curious" (featuring Juelz Santana), "Private Dancer (featuring Belly)," "Fantasy", "Never Again", and "Addicted". It was released on October 14, 2008 in Canada. 
CP Records.
CP Records has recently secured a US release for Fernandes through a newly signed deal with Miami-based VIP Music.
Tour.
On October 15, Fernandes launched into his first coast-to-coast Canadian tour with The Pussycat Dolls' protégés Girlicious. He is currently the opening act for them. From an early age "Danny didn't just think he could dance… he knew it!" Practicing in front of mirrors, perfecting his craft from his bedroom to the dance studio, then meeting his good friend and dance mentor "So You Think You Can Dance Canada" judge Luther Brown, who has reunited with Danny to choreograph his performance for Danny's national tour with (which he ended up dating Nichole Cordova in late 2008 until early 2009) and embark on his Fantasy Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19834850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834850" title="Freddie Woodruff">
Freddie Woodruff

Freddie Woodruff (died August 8, 1993) was a regional affairs officer at the U.S. Embassy in Tbilsi, Georgia. He was shot in the head and killed in 1993. Woodruff has been widely reported as the Central Intelligence Agency station chief involved in training the bodyguards of the Georgian leader Eduard Shevardnadze and an élite Omega Special Task Force.
He was survived by his wife, Meredith, a former CIA officer, and sister, a nurse in Arkansas. 
There has been controversy of the assassination and the ensuing investigation into the incident. A drunk man, Anzor Sharmaidze, was convicted for the murder and jailed, but there have been allegations of involvement by the Russian government.

</doc>
<doc id="19834860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834860" title="International Accreditation Forum">
International Accreditation Forum

The International Accreditation Forum, Inc. (IAF) is the world association of Conformity Assessment Accreditation bodies and other bodies interested in conformity assessment in the fields of management systems, products, services, personnel and other similar programs of conformity assessment. Its primary function is to develop a single worldwide program of conformity assessment which reduces risk for business and its customers by assuring them that accredited certificates may be relied upon. Accreditation assures users of the competence and impartiality of the body accredited. IAF members accredit certification or registration bodies that issue certificates attesting that an organization's management, products or personnel comply with a specified standard (called conformity assessment).
IAF has prepared an informative brochure which provides general information about IAF, its activities, membership and programs.
Role of the IAF.
The primary purpose of IAF is two-fold. Firstly, to ensure that its accreditation body members only accredit bodies that are competent to do the work they undertake and are not subject to conflicts of interest. The second purpose of the IAF is to establish mutual recognition arrangements, known as Multilateral Recognition Arrangements (MLA), between its accreditation body members which reduces risk to business and its customers by ensuring that an accredited certificate may be relied upon anywhere in the world. The MLA contributes to the freedom of world trade by eliminating technical barriers to trade. IAF works to find the most effective way of achieving a single system that will allow companies with an accredited conformity assessment certificate in one part of the world, to have that certificate recognized else where in the world. The objective of the MLA is that it will cover all accreditation bodies in all countries in the world, thus eliminating the need for suppliers of products or services to be certified in each country where they sell their products or services. Certified once - accepted everywhere.
Structure of the IAF.
The highest level of authority in IAF is the Members in a General Meeting. General
Meetings make decisions and lay down policy in the name of the members. The Board
is responsible for legal actions to be carried out on behalf of the members, for
developing broad policy directions for IAF and for ensuring that the day-to-day work of
IAF is carried out in accordance with policies approved by members.
The terms of reference, tasks and duties as defined by the Bylaws and the
Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) remain unchanged for the members at a
General Meeting, the Board of Directors and the Secretary.
The Executive Committee is responsible to the Board of Directors for the day-to-day
work of IAF on the basis of decisions made by the Members and directions by the Board
of Directors.
The operations of all IAF Committees and Subordinate Groups, including the Executive
Committee, are subject to the IAF General Procedures

</doc>
<doc id="19834861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834861" title="Rich Merritt">
Rich Merritt

Richard Wayne Merritt (born September 26, 1967) is an author and attorney. Merritt has also spoken at universities, law schools and other civic organizations about topics ranging from issues on gay and lesbian equality to fundamentalism. He has been a public figure since he was featured on the cover of the New York Times Magazine on June 28, 1998, in an article by Jennifer Egan entitled "Uniforms In The Closet: The Shadow Life Of A Gay Marine". He now resides in Manhattan.
Biography.
Early life.
Merritt was born in Greenville, South Carolina to fundamentalist Christian parents. Merritt attended the elementary and secondary schools of Bob Jones University.. During his high school summers he worked in various positions at The Wilds, a fundamentalist Christian camp. He attended Bob Jones University for two years and in 1988 transferred to Clemson University. 
United States Marine Corps.
Soon after his eighteenth birthday, Merritt enlisted in the United States Marine Corps (the Marine Forces Reserve) and in January 1986 he shipped off to Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, South Carolina. After completing boot camp he attended a brief occupational school at the Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama. Merritt returned to Greenville where he joined his Marine Corps Reserve unit, a company of ammunition technicians. Merritt attained the rank of sergeant in May 1990 but because he was transitioning to the officer program, he did not deploy to Operation Desert Storm with the reserve unit.
In December 1990 Merritt was commissioned a second lieutenant and reported to active duty at the Marine Corps Base Quantico for The Basic School. At the end of the six-month course, he was assigned the Military Occupational Specialty of surface-to-air missile officer, specifically commanding Marines in the FIM-92 Stinger missile field. His first position was as a platoon commander with the 1st Low Altitude Air Defense Battalion (1st LAAD) at the Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, on the island of Okinawa, Japan. During his year-long tour in Okinawa Merritt deployed with his Stinger platoons to the Philippines and South Korea for brief stints.
Following his overseas tour Merritt was promoted to first lieutenant and transferred to 3rd Low Altitude Air Defense Battalion (3rd LAAD) at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California near San Diego. He continued assignments with Stinger missiles, planning and executing training missions in the Mojave Desert at the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms and in Arizona at the Marine Corps Air Station Yuma. In 1994 he became part of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit (15th MEU), a Marine unit that deploys aboard a group of ships known as an Amphibious ready group that was led by the USS "Tripoli". Merritt led a section of Air Control Group Marines on a six-month deployment aboard the USS "Rushmore". The ARG participated in military and humanitarian assistance operations in Somalia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates. In Somalia, the 15th MEU assisted in the withdrawal of Operation United Shield and the United Nations Operation in Somalia II (UNOSOM II) as a result of hostilities by General Mohamed Farrah Aidid.
In October 1994, Saddam Hussein moved 80,000 Iraqi troops to areas near the border with Kuwait, posing an imminent threat of a renewed invasion of or attack against Kuwait. The 15th MEU and the "Tripoli" ARG, coincidentally training in the Persian Gulf at the time, recharted their course and entered Kuwait Harbor as the first on scene to oppose Saddam's renewed hostilities. After a two-week stalemate, the Iraqi troops stood down and the Marines departed the Gulf, returning to San Diego on schedule. Because of the period of hostilities the Marines and Sailors received combat recognition. Merritt was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal for his leadership during the six-month deployment.
He returned to Camp Pendleton after the deployment with the 15th MEU and rejoined 3rd LAAD Battaltion in 1995 and 1996. In June 1995 he was promoted to the rank of captain and in October he was selected for retention into the regular officer Corps. The new Commanding General of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, then-Major General Fred McCorkle, selected Merritt to be his personal "aide-de-camp". Despite being a period of peacetime, 1996 and 1997 were turbulent years for the Marine aviation community in Southern California because Marine Corps Air Station El Toro and Marine Corps Air Station Tustin, both in Orange County were closing as a result of the Base Realignment and Closure Commission's decision. At the end of the year as aide, General McCorkle awarded Merritt the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal.
In 1997 and 1998 Merritt served as the commanding officer of Alpha Battery, a 100-man unit of Stinger missile teams and Avenger vehicle systems at MCB Camp Pendleton. In August 1998 Merritt tendered his resignation from the Marine Corps and was honorably discharged after almost thirteen years of service in the active and reserve Marine forces.
Law.
In August 1998 Merritt enrolled at the University of Southern California Law School in Los Angeles and graduated with a Juris Doctorate in May 2001. He was a summer associate at the LA office of the international law firm Jones Day and became an associate after law school. He was admitted to the California Bar Association in December 2001.
In late 2003 Merritt's father was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), a fatal disease known more commonly in the US as Lou Gehrig's disease. The diagnosis and the nature of the illness prompted Merritt to give up his San Diego law practice in early 2004 and return to the South to be near his family in this time of crisis. He obtained employment at the former Powell Goldsten, an Atlanta law firm now part of Bryan Cave. His father died in 2005 and a year later Merritt moved to New York where currently he works as an attorney in Manhattan.
Controversies.
Fundamentalism.
According to his memoir, Marine Corps boot camp at Parris Island was the first time he had any significant experience away from the fundamentalist enclave of Greenville and the BJU campus. At basic training his rackmate was Catholic, the first time he had befriended someone outside his faith. Also, Bob Jones University was notorious for its racially discriminatory rules. At boot camp, Merritt had an African-American drill instructor, the first time a black man had been in authority over him. Merritt has described boot camp as a "liberalizing experience."
When he left his initial active duty training assignments and returned to BJU, Merritt began having problems with the rules and policies of the school. A year later he withdrew while on a disciplinary status known as "spiritual probation."
Sexual orientation.
Merritt had not yet grappled with the issue of his homosexual orientation. In his memoirs, Merritt claimed that when he attended Bob Jones Junior High School, Bob Jones III, then-president of BJU, said at a White House anti-gay protest that "homosexuals should be stoned to death as the Bible commanded." The hostile environment forced Merritt to deny to himself that he was gay. Once removed from the fundamentalist world, however, he could no longer deny his same-sex attraction.
In August 1998 Merritt received an honorable discharge from the Marines and immediately enrolled at the University of Southern California Law School. That fall, a freelance writer named Max Harrold, approached Merritt about interviewing him for a story he planned to pitch to The Advocate, the leading national news and interest magazine serving the lesbian and gay community. Merritt agreed and he and Harrold met with Judy Wieder, The Advocate's editor-in-chief. She agreed to publish the story in the end-of-the year double issue featuring a roundup of notable events from 1998. The cover story for the issue featured George Michael, the singer who had just been arrested for public masturbation.
The February 16, 1999 edition of The Advocate exposed Merritt's secret career in gay pornography in a cover story titled "The Marine Who Did Gay Porn."
In 2002 Merritt began working on his autobiography. In a cover story for A&U Magazine, Merritt described his motivations for writing the memoir, saying he wanted to set the record straight about his activities in gay porn and at Bob Jones University, but that writing the memoir was also therapeutic. Ironically, initially he worked with an editor at Alyson Publications
Periodicals.
From 1996 until his resignation from the Marines in 1998, Merritt wrote an op-ed column for the "Navy-Marine Corps Times", a Gannett-owned newspaper distributed on US military installations throughout the world. The "Times" had a section called "Back Talk" where one Sailor and one Marine shared their opinions on different aspects of the service. So that he could write candidly without fear of repercussion, the "Times" encouraged Merritt to write under a pseudonym so he chose the name "Buster Pittman," the name of his boyfriend's dog. For his columns, the "Times" editors allowed Merritt to use his column to advocate controversial positions such as allowing women to serve in combat, reducing the penalty for adultery from a felony conviction to a misdemeanor and repealing "Don't ask, don't tell" to allow lesbians and gay men to serve openly in the military.
This last column caught the attention of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, a watchdog group in Washington, DC who provided or arranged for legal aid to members of the military who needed assistance under the "Don't ask, don't tell" law.
Media coverage.
Radio.
June 2005, as part of his media tour for "Secrets of a Gay Marine Porn Star", Merritt was interviewed by Steve Pride.

</doc>
<doc id="19834868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834868" title="Keep in Touch">
Keep in Touch

"Keep in Touch" is the debut single and first song by British jazz-funk/dance band Freeez under the name "Pink Rhythm".
After that, they signed to Beggars Banquet Records which at that time was a small, rising company.
Chart performance.
"Keep in Touch" sold over 35,000 copies and managed to get into British pop chart in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19834875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834875" title="Crescent City Orchestra">
Crescent City Orchestra

Crescent City Orchestra was a semi-professional symphonic jazz orchestra in New Orleans, USA

</doc>
<doc id="19834881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834881" title="Anabarsky District">
Anabarsky District

Anabarsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the northwest of the republic and borders with Bulunsky District in the east, Olenyoksky District in the south, and with Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Saskylakh. Population: 4,024 (2002 Census); The population of Saskylakh accounts for 66.2% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The district is washed by the Laptev Sea in the north. The landscape of the district is mostly flat. The main river is the Anabar and the largest lake is Lake Sappyya.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from to and average July temperature ranges from to . Average annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on December 10, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
The village of Yuryung-Khaya is the only settlement in the Sakha Republic where Dolgans form a majority of the population.
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on mining, reindeer husbandry, fishing, and hunting. There are deposits of diamonds in the district.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Anabarsky District is one of the thirty four in the republic. The district has administrative jurisdiction over three rural localities, consisting of all the inhabited localities listed below in the "Inhabited localities" section in addition to Ebelyakh.
As a municipal division, the district is incorporated as Anabarsky Municipal District and is divided into two Naslegs.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19834899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834899" title="Bulunsky District">
Bulunsky District

Bulunsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the north of the republic and borders with Ust-Yansky District in the east, Verkhoyansky District in the southeast, Eveno-Bytantaysky and Zhigansky Districts in the south, Olenyoksky District in the west, and with Anabarsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Tiksi. Population: 9,775 (2002 Census); The population of Tiksi accounts for 55.9% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The district is ashed by the Laptev Sea in the north. The main river in the district is the Lena. Other rivers include the Olenyok, the Omoloy, and the Khara-Ulakh. There are many lakes in the Lena River delta. The Lena Delta Wildlife Reserve is located in the district.
Climate.
Average January temperature varies from on the coast to in the interior and average July temperature varies from in the north to in the south. Average precipitation ranges from in the north and from in the south.
History.
The district was established on December 10, 1930. Initially, its administrative center was in the "selo" of Kyusyur. In 1957, the administrative center was moved to Tiksi.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on reindeer husbandry and fishing. Tiksi is a sea port on the Northern Sea Route.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19834902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834902" title="Suburban Roulette">
Suburban Roulette

Suburban Roulette is a 1968 American drama film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis starring, among others, William Kerwin and Allison Louise Downe who are involved in wife swapping to overcome the boredom of living in the suburbs. It was produced as an independent film by Lewis and was shown in Chicago area movie theaters during the summer of 1968. It contains implied sex, boozing, adult themes, fighting, but is without nudity (which would have prohibited mainstream movie theater distribution).
It was filmed in Wood Dale, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago during the summer of 1967.
Plot.
The Fisher family moves into the seemingly perfect suburban neighborhood to get away from the city, Bert's drinking problem, and wife Ilene's propensity for males. They meet the neighbors, the Conleys and Elstons, and soon they're having cocktails, cookouts, and hitting on each other's mates, but not without guilt and repercussions. The Fishers fall into a dangerous game of wife swapping with the two other two swinging couples until the unwilling Bert can't take it any more.
Cast.
Lewis was known for using everyday people instead of actors in his films.

</doc>
<doc id="19834905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834905" title="List of tallest buildings in Regina, Saskatchewan">
List of tallest buildings in Regina, Saskatchewan

This list of tallest buildings in Regina ranks skyscrapers in the Canadian city of Regina, Saskatchewan by height. The tallest building in Regina is the Mosaic Potash Tower, which rises 84.5 m (277 ft). Regina is the capital city of Saskatchewan. 
, the city contains 5 skyscrapers over and 34 high-rise buildings that exceed in height.
, there are 5 high-rises under construction, approved for construction, and proposed for construction in Regina.
Buildings.
This list ranks Regina high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Projects.
List of high-rise buildings under construction, approved, proposed and on-hold in Regina.

</doc>
<doc id="19834913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834913" title="Eveno-Bytantaysky National District">
Eveno-Bytantaysky National District

Eveno-Bytantaysky National District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Batagay-Alyta. Population: 2,761 (2002 Census). The population of Batagay-Alyta accounts for 63.9% of the district's total population.
History.
The district was established on April 21, 1989, when its territory was split out of Verkhoyansky District. The district's name refers to its designation as a national district for the Evens, who comprised 32.35% of the population in 1989, as well as its location on the Bytantay River.
Geography.
The district is located within the Arctic Circle, between the rivers Lena and Yana. The western section of the district is dominated by the Verkhoyansk Range, the north and east by the Kular Mountains.
Economy and infrastructure.
The regional economy depends mainly on agriculture such as reindeer herding and the breeding of cattle and horses. The district is one of the most inaccessible sections of the Sakha Republic.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:
References.
Sources.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19834915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834915" title="2005 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana – Singles">
2005 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19834922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834922" title="Robert Uniacke Fitzgerald">
Robert Uniacke Fitzgerald

Colonel Robert Uniacke-FitzGerald (17 March 1751 – 20 December 1814) was an Irish politician.
He was the eldest son of Robert Uniacke (afterwards Fitzgerald) of Corkbeg and descended from the Munster Desmond FitzGerald Knights of Glin and Kerry, through Sir Garrett FitzGerald Knt of Lisquinlan and Sir Robert Tynte of Youghal and Ballycrenane. His younger brother was the infamous 1798 United Irish Rebellion Tipperary High Sheriff Col Sir Thomas Judkin-Fitzgerald, 1st Baronet of Lisheen, Co Tipperary. He was educated in the law at the Middle Temple. 
Uniacke-FitzGerald was among the last surviving Members of the Parliament of Ireland, where he represented Cork County with his cousin Henry Boyle, 3rd Earl of Shannon from 1798 until its extinction in 1800. He was appointed Clerk of the Ordnance in 1799, and Surveyor-General in 1801.
After the Act of Union in 1801 he represented Cork County in the new Parliament of the United Kingdom until 24 October 1806. He was Colonel of the North Cork militia from 1798 to 1807 and Governor of Cork in 1805.
He married Louisa, the daughter of Rev. Richard Bullen of Rostellane, co. Cork, with whom he had a son and ten daughters. His descendants included Sir Robert Uniacke-Penrose-Fitzgerald, 1st Baronet of Corkbeg and Lisquinlan.

</doc>
<doc id="19834932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834932" title="Gorny District">
Gorny District

Gorny District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the center of the republic and borders with Vilyuysky and Kobyaysky Districts in the north, Namsky District and the territory of the city of republic significance of Yakutsk in the east, Khangalassky District in the south, Olyokminsky District in the southwest, and with Verkhnevilyuysky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Berdigestyakh. Population: 11,422 (2002 Census); The population of Berdigestyakh accounts for 55.2% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main rivers in the district are the Sinyaya and the Sitte, both of which are left tributaries of the Lena.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from in the west to in the east and average July temperature is . Average annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on June 25, 1931.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19834934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834934" title="Sugar Labs">
Sugar Labs

Sugar Labs is a software-development and learning community.
Sugar Labs is a non-profit foundation whose mission is to produce, distribute, and support the use of the Sugar learning platform. Sugar Labs supports the community of educators and software developers who want to extend the platform and who have been creating Sugar Activities. A community project, Sugar is available under the open-source GNU General Public License (GPL) and free to anyone who wants to use or extend it.
Sugar Labs is a member of the Software Freedom Conservancy, an organization composed of free software (FLOSS) projects. "As a fiscal sponsor for FOSS projects, the Conservancy provides member projects with free financial and administrative services, but does not involve itself with technological and artistic decisions."
On 2009-06-23, Sugar Labs announced the availability of Sugar on a Stick v1 Strawberry. Available free for download at www.sugarlabs.org, Sugar on a Stick can be loaded onto an ordinary 1 GB USB flash drive and used to reboot any PC or netbook directly into the Sugar environment. On 2009-07-23, Recycle USB.com went live with a program to reflash used USB keys with the Sugar software and donate them to schools. On 2009-12-08, Sugar Labs announced the availability of Sugar on a Stick v2 Blueberry, which incorporates Sugar Release 0.86.

</doc>
<doc id="19834938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834938" title="The Ballads (Mariah Carey album)">
The Ballads (Mariah Carey album)

The Ballads (released in the UK in 2010 as LoveSongs) is the third compilation album by American pop/R&B singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. The album features some of Carey's top selling ballads over the course of her career. It was released internationally in late 2008, and in North America in January 2009.
About the album.
The album contains some of Mariah Carey's hits and singles, primarily from her time at Columbia Records. It does not feature any new material or include songs recorded with her current label, Island Records.
Re-recording of "Hero".
The 1993 single "Hero" was re-recorded and re-released to promote the "The Ballads" compilation. The video shows Mariah Carey walking into the recording room accompanied by her dog, lingering in the studio and singing to the song. It is intercut with a scene of New York City during the night.
Promotion.
She performed "Hero" at the Inauguration of Barack Obama on January 20, 2009 in Washington, D.C., and was featured on a CBS TV special.
A limited edition of "The Ballads" was being sold exclusively at all Target Stores. The CD comes in a gift pack that includes a small bottle of Carey's fragrance "Luscious Pink".
Critical reception.
Blogcritics said: "This release is a different type Mariah Carey album. Without her faster and hip hop songs, it is smoother as it puts the focus squarely on her vocals which has always been her greatest attribute and saving grace." Allmusic said: "And that's what "The Ballads" is: nothing but big love songs sung in a big voice." "Billboard" stated that the album "will keep singing on the chart as we get closer to Valentine's Day, as it seems like a natural gift purchase."
Charts.
The album debuted at number 17 on UK Albums Chart. Following a successful appearance on "X Factor", the album peaked at number 13 in its 4th week and remained on chart for ten consecutive weeks. In Ireland, the album peaked at number 8 and remained on chart for twelve weeks, and has been certified gold. In New Zealand, the album peaked at number 19, remaining on chart for three weeks. The album also debuted at number 79 in Australia. In Japan, the album has reached number 19. The album debuted at number 45 on the Dutch Albums Chart and fell nine spots behind in the second week. In the third week the album climbed from number 54 to 5.
The album debuted at number 10 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 with first week sales of 29,000 units. It was the chart's highest debut in that week and the fourth compilation that Carey has charted, following "#1's" (number 4 in 1998), "Greatest Hits" (number 52 in 2001) and "The Remixes" (number 26 in 2003). It also debut at number 7 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. As of April 2013, the album has sold 160,000 copies in the US.
"LoveSongs".
"LoveSongs" is a compilation album by Mariah Carey. It is a re-release of "The Ballads" (without the song "All I Want for Christmas Is You"), and was released exclusively in the UK in time for Valentine's Day on February 8, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19834942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834942" title="Tommy Finke">
Tommy Finke

Tommy Finke (born February 4, 1981 in Bochum, Germany) is a singer-songwriter of Indie, German rock, and pop music. He is also a composer of electronic and computer music.
Bio.
Tommy Finke was born Thomas David Finke in Bochum, Germany. Since 1998 he has been on stage, first playing cover versions of Oasis songs, and later his own material. Bands like The Beatles, The Cure, Rio Reiser and The Police are the main influences in his work, as well as German Indie bands like Tocotronic and Die Sterne.
Finke was the lead singer of different project bands before he finally started his own band, called "Stromgitarre", in 1999. However, since he wrote all the music and lyrics, the band was renamed "Tommy Finke & Stromgitarre" in 2003. The band was later renamed again and became "Tommy Finke & Band".
Tommy Finke studied "Elektronische Komposition" at the renowned Folkwang Hochschule in Essen from 2003 on. In 2008, he graduated but decided to continue his studies in order to learn more about modern music.
In 2007, Tommy Finke founded his own record label, "Retter des Rock Records", in order to release his debut album "Repariert, was Euch kaputt macht!", which was released as a vinyl record in 2007 and re-released as a CD Version in 2008.
Tommy Finke and his band took second place at the nationwide German "Jugend kulturell Förderpreis 2008" on the 11th of November.
In August 2009, Tommy Finke announced there will be a new record entitled "Poet der Affen / Poet of the Apes" in early 2010 due to a record deal with German label Roof Music. The recording sessions for this album started in October 2008.
"Poet der Affen / Poet of the Apes" was released as a double album on January 29, 2010. It contains 13 songs, each recorded in German and English. This is unique for a German singer/songwriter. On the title track of the album, well-known skeptic James Randi is heard speaking an introduction.
"Unkämmbar" was released on March 28, 2013 as a special edition album.
Releases.
Singles/EPs.
As "Tommy Finke & Miniband":
With other artists:

</doc>
<doc id="19834945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834945" title="Blu &amp; Exile">
Blu &amp; Exile

Blu & Exile refers to an American hip-hop duo that consists of rapper Blu (Johnson Barnes) and hip-hop producer Exile (Aleksander Manfredi). They rose to their fame through the release of their first album in July 2007 called "Below the Heavens". This album was dubbed as the continuation of hip hop legacies such as Jurassic 5 and Pharcyde and was given much praise.
Blu and Exile first met in the mid-2000s while Blu served as a hypeman for various hip-hop groups such as Slum Village, Platinum Pied Pipers, and Exile's own group, Emanon. He was personally introduced to Exile through Emanon's other member Aloe Blacc. Through that, Blu signed to Exile's independent label, Sound in Color, and a dynamic hip-hop collaboration was formed. Blu would cut records for Exile and they eventually released their laid back, soulful album which received a lot of buzz from the underground hip-hop scene. Since then, Blu & Exile has been a collaboration to keep up with.

</doc>
<doc id="19834948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834948" title="Khangalassky District">
Khangalassky District

Khangalassky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. Khangalassky District is located in the center of the republic and borders with Megino-Kangalassky District in the east, Amginsky and Aldansky Districts in the south, Olyokminsky District in the southwest, Gorny District in the northwest, and with the territory of the city of republic significance of Yakutsk in the north. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Pokrovsk. Population (excluding the administrative center): 25,109 (2002 Census); 
Geography.
The main river in the district is the Lena. The Lena Pillars National Park is located in the district along the right bank of the Lena River and the left bank of the Sinyaya River.
The average January temperature is and the average July temperature is . Average annual precipitation is about .
History.
The district was established on February 10, 1930. From 1937 to 1992, it was known as "Ordzhonikidzevsky District" ().
Demographics.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture and production of construction materials. The M56 Lena Highway runs through the district.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19834957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834957" title="Hydrolipoclasy">
Hydrolipoclasy

The history of Hydrolipoclasy comes from the words "hydro-" (Greek: ὑδρο- "water"), "lipo-" (λίπο- "fat"), and "-clasia" (-κλάσις "breaking"). 
Modern esthetic medicine became a specialty around 25 years ago in France and today it is practiced by over 20,000 doctors around the world. Hidrolipoclasy was created in Italy in the 1980s, where the physic principals of sound and its amplification in watery environments to be able to produce a phenomenon known as “cavitations” in the tissue.
This substance dissolves intracellular fat, allowing this fat to be eliminated. This treatment consists in an application of certain medicine that is injected in the certain areas of the body where fat or cellulite is mostly stored, and afterwards an ultrasound is performed. The ultrasound and medicine combined produces a thermo genesis effect that burns up located fat when generating sound waves at a speed of 30 million times. This combination produces an explosion that loosens and ruptures these fat cells and eliminates them through the lymphatic and blood stream; it also breaks up fibrosis, which plays a very important role in the formation of cellulite. Hidrolipoclasy treatments can be combined with mesotherapy, where the focus id not only on the number but also the size of each fat cell, fomenting the reduction effect on the volume that is being treated.

</doc>
<doc id="19834967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834967" title="Kobyaysky District">
Kobyaysky District

Kobyaysky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the center of the republic on the Vilyuy River, by road north of Yakutsk. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Sangar. Population: 14,178 (2002 Census); The population of Sangar accounts for 32.0% of the district's total population.
Geography.
Kobyaysky District covers an area of . Mountain plains are located in the north and northeast, notably the Verkhoyansk range, while the rest of the district is lowland.
Several rivers flow through the district. These include the Lena River, which flows between the mouths of tributaries of the Aldan and the Linde, and its tributary the Vilyuy in the lower reaches. On the plain of many lakes, the largest of them is Lake Nidzhili. A part of the Ust-Vilyuysky National Park is also located on the district's territory.
Climate.
Due to the sub-polar location, it is bitterly cold in the winter months, with an average January temperature of in the mountains and in the valley, and in July over in the mountains and over in the valley. Annual precipitation ranges from in the east to in the mountains.
History.
The territory of what is now Kobyaysky District has long been settled by the Even, Evenk, and Yakut peoples. Silver-lead deposits were found in Yendybalskoye as early as 1765. In 1913, the coal potential of the area was noted and coal mining began at Tsugaru in the late 1920s. The first elementary school opened in Kobyay in 1926. In 1928, as the coal mining operations got underway, the miners established the new village of Sangar. In 1931, the first collective farms began to appear, and the first medical dispensary in the area was opened at Tsugaru mine, with the first pharmacy opening a year later. In 1936, a fishing organization was established in the area to unite the small fishing enterprises that had begun to develop.
Kobyaysky District was formed on April 20, 1937 from the remote territories of Namsky, Gorny, and Vilyuysky Districts, with the district's administrative center located in Kobyay. In 1959, however, the administrative center was moved to Sangar. In 1938, thermal power stations operating on coal were built in Sangar, whilst the first library opened in Kobyay. By 1939, the two main villages were connected by radio and in 1946 with a telephone station. In September 1942, 2,482 were recorded as moving into the district. In 1944, the district newspaper "Sana oloh" (renamed "Leninets" in 1962 and "Dabaan" in 1993) was established, and in 1945 an airport was commissioned, from Sangar. The first savings bank opened in 1946 and on April 16, 1947, Sangar commissioned a new steam turbine power plant.
In 1952, the oil and gas reserves of the area began to be exploited, and over the next few years there was extensive planning and drilling to find these reserves. In 1957, mass carp fishing began on Lake Nidzhili. In 1963, the construction of a gas pipeline Taas-Tumus-Berge-Yakutsk-Mokhsogollokh began — the first in the world on permafrost and in a sub-polar climate. Several schools were established in the district in the 1960s and 1970s, with the folk theater opened in 1973 and Kobyay children's music school in 1974. The oil and gas industry developed extensively during the 1980s and 1990s.
On February 1, 2006, at a frequency of 102 FM, started broadcasting radio NEC "Sakha".
Demographics.
The bulk of the population (as of the 2002 Census) are Yakuts - 9,209 people (64.95%), Russians - 3,425 people (24.16%), Evens - 809 people (5.71%), Ukrainians - 235 people (1.66%), Evenks - 64 (0.45%), and other ethnicities - 436 people (3.07%). The median age is thirty years.
Economy.
The leading industry is agriculture, with cattle, pig, horse breeding, reindeer husbandry, poultry farming, cellular farming, fisheries, mining and furs forming much of the main economic activity in the district. 59,200 hectares to arable land, with some 66.3% of this land being hayfields. The district has notable deposits of gold, silver, lead, zinc, gas, coal, and building materials. In 1998, upon the decision of the Russian Ministry of Energy, the Tsugaru coal mine was closed. In 2000, a fire broke out. In 2008, the Mastakhskoye gas-condensate field was in the final stages of development.
The district has a number of facilities such as printing houses, clubs, a theater in Kobyay, and vocational, educational, sports, and children's art schools.
Transportation.
The Sangar Airport is the main airport in the district.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19834991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834991" title="Lensky District, Sakha Republic">
Lensky District, Sakha Republic

Lensky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the southwest of the republic and borders with Mirninsky District in the north, Suntarsky District in the northeast, Olyokminsky District in the east, and with Irkutsk Oblast in the south and west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Lensk. Population: 38,669 (2002 Census); The population of Lensk accounts for 62.8% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main river in the district is the Lena with its tributaries the Vitim and the Nyuya.
Climate.
Average January temperature is and average July temperature is . Annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on January 30, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on timber industry, production of construction materials, and food industry.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19834996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19834996" title="Private Dancer (Danny Fernandes song)">
Private Dancer (Danny Fernandes song)

"Private Dancer" is the second single by R&B singer Danny Fernandes. It was written by Belly, Danny Fernandes, and David Evering. It is also the 2nd track off his debut album "Intro".
Music video.
The music video has Danny Fernandes singing in a club. He said it was about a Toronto Dance club and about the girls. Belly is currently singing at the very end with him. The music video shot at #1 on the MuchMusic Countdown. It also won the Best Pop Video of the Year award at the 2009 MuchMusic Video Awards.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at #81 on the Canadian Hot 100 and went on to peak at #32, staying there for two weeks. It stayed on the chart for a total of twenty weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19835006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835006" title="Nederlandse Orienteringsloop Bond">
Nederlandse Orienteringsloop Bond

Dutch Orienteering Federation NOLB is the national Orienteering Association in the Netherlands. It is recognized as the orienteering association for the Netherlands by the International Orienteering Federation, of which it is a member. 
NOLB stands for "Nederlandse OriënteringsLoop Bond", this is Dutch for "Dutch Orienteering Federation". NOLB was founded on 12 December 1982, at first it acted as an orienteering club. But a few years ago the organisational structure was changed. NOLB has now (October 2008) about 300 members divided over 7 orienteering clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19835008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835008" title="Peter Wall (British Army officer)">
Peter Wall (British Army officer)

General Sir Peter Anthony Wall, (born 10 July 1955) is a senior British Army officer who is currently serving as the Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the British Army.
Wall had previously been the Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces from August 2009 to September 2010. He succeeded General Sir David Richards as Chief of the General Staff in September 2010, the latter going on a month later to be Chief of the Defence Staff.
Early life and education.
Wall was born to John Ramsay Wall and Dorothy Margaret Wall (née Waltho). He was educated at Whitgift School and Selwyn College, Cambridge.
Military career.
Wall graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in April 1974 with his commission being confirmed in December 1974, with effect from 9 March the same year. After a short period of military duties, Wall studied engineering at Cambridge University, before joining airborne forces and going on to serve with the Royal Engineers in Belize and Rhodesia. Wall was promoted to captain on 9 September 1980 and to major on 30 September 1987. 
He was appointed Chief of Staff of 5 Airborne Brigade in 1988, before commanding 9 Parachute Squadron, Royal Engineers from 1990. Promoted to lieutenant colonel on 30 June 1992, he was appointed Commanding Officer of 32 Engineer Regiment in Germany in 1994 and appointed OBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours 1994. He was deployed to the Former Republic of Yugoslavia in Spring 1996, promoted to colonel on 30 June 1996 and awarded the Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in November 1996. He was then promoted to Brigadier on 31 December 1998 with seniority from 30 June 1998 before assuming command of 24 Airmobile Brigade in 1999. He was responsible for converting the formation into 16 Air Assault Brigade later that year.
High command.
In 2001, he became Chief of Joint Force Operations at Permanent Joint Headquarters Northwood, and was appointed CBE in the New Year Honours 2002. Wall went on to serve as Chief of Staff of the National Contingent HQ in Qatar, overseeing UK operations in Iraq, from January 2003. In May 2003, Wall assumed the appointment of General Officer Commanding 1st (UK) Armoured Division with the substantive rank of major-general, in which capacity he was responsible for security in Basra in Iraq. In 2005, he became Deputy Chief of Joint Operations at the Permanent Joint Headquarters Northwood and, on 1 August 2007, he was appointed Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Commitments) and promoted to lieutenant-general. Appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2009 Birthday Honours,
Wall succeeded General Sir Kevin O'Donoghue as Chief Royal Engineer on 10 May 2009 before taking up the post of Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces and receiving promotion to the substantive rank of general on 17 July 2009. He was also appointed ADC General to the Queen on 30 October 2009.
On 6 January 2010, Wall gave evidence to the Iraq Inquiry in which he claimed that troops were vulnerable in their base at Basra Palace and in May 2010, Wall was listed amongst the top 172 government servants that earn more than the Prime Minister, with a salary of £160-165,000, excluding his non-contributory final salary pension. Then on 29 July 2010, Wall was named as the next Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the British Army. On 15 September 2010 Wall took over the post from General Sir David Richards who became Chief of the Defence Staff in late October 2010. 
On 24 June 2011, it was reported that Wall, who had publicly questioned Prime Minister David Cameron's handling the conflict in Afghanistan, would - in a major defence reorganisation that would also affect the other service chiefs - lose his position on the Defence Board, the highest non-ministerial Ministry of Defence committee, which makes decision on all aspect of military policy. The changes took effect on 1 November 2011.
Wall was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers in 2002 and Colonel Commandant of the Corps of Royal Engineers in November 2003. He was appointed Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in the 2013 Birthday Honours.
Personal life.
In 1980 he married Fiona Anne Simpson; they have two sons. He lists his interests as sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19835021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835021" title="Hoover's sign (leg paresis)">
Hoover's sign (leg paresis)

Hoover’s sign of leg paresis is one of two signs named for Charles Franklin Hoover.
One is a maneuver aimed to separate organic from non-organic paresis of the leg. The sign relies on the principle of synergistic contraction. Involuntary extension of the "paralyzed" leg occurs when flexing the contralateral leg against resistance. It has been neglected, although it is a useful clinical test. Essentially, you hold your hand under the "weak" limb and ask the patient to flex the contralateral hip against resistance. If you feel pressure from the weak leg, the weakness is likely non organic. This is a positive Hoover's sign. If no pressure is felt, this is more likely organic limb weakness.
Strong hip muscles can make the test difficult to interpret.
Efforts have been made to use the theory behind the sign to report a quantitative result.

</doc>
<doc id="19835024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835024" title="Hoover's sign (pulmonary)">
Hoover's sign (pulmonary)

Hoover’s sign in pulmonology is one of two signs named for Charles Franklin Hoover.
It refers to inward movement of the lower rib cage during inspiration, - instead of outward as is normal - implying a flat, but functioning, diaphragm, often associated with COPD. COPD, and more specifically emphysema, often lead to hyperexpansion of the lungs due to air trapping. The resulting flattened diaphragm contracts inwards instead of downwards, thereby paradoxically pulling the inferior ribs inwards with its movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19835028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835028" title="Planète">
Planète

Planète may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19835030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835030" title="Charles Franklin Hoover">
Charles Franklin Hoover

Charles Franklin Hoover (1865–1927) was an American physician born in Cleveland, Ohio, who read medicine at Harvard. He worked in Vienna under Neusser, and in Strasbourg with F Kraus before returning to Cleveland. He was appointed Professor of Medicine in 1907. His main interests were in diseases of the diaphragm, lungs, and liver.
Two medical signs are named for him:

</doc>
<doc id="19835045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835045" title="Megino-Kangalassky District">
Megino-Kangalassky District

Megino-Kangalassky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the central part of the republic, on the Lena River opposite Yakutsk, the capital of the republic. It borders with Ust-Aldansky District in the north, Churapchinsky District in the east, Amginsky District in the southeast, Khangalassky District in the southwest, and is bounded by the Lena River in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Mayya. Population: 32,288 (2002 Census); The population of Mayya accounts for 23.3% of the district's total population.
History.
The district was created in 1930 through the merger of Meginsky and Vostochno-Kangalassky Districts.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Megino-Kangalassky District is one of the thirty-four in the republic. The "selo" of Mayya serves as its administrative center.
As a municipal division, the district is incorporated as Megino-Kangalassky Municipal District, the administrative center of which is the settlement of Nizhny Bestyakh.
Demographics.
The population of the district is predominantly made up of ethnic Yakuts, who represented 91% of the inhabitants in the 2002 Census. Russians accounted for a further 6.4% of the population, with smaller numbers of Ukrainians and Evenks.

</doc>
<doc id="19835064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835064" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1

These are the results of the men's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-man kayaks through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1992 Olympic competition was at La Seu d'Urgell.
Results.
The 44 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on August 2. The best result of the runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19835067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835067" title="A Historical Atlas of South Asia">
A Historical Atlas of South Asia

A Historical Atlas of South Asia is a definitive historical chronology of the region of South Asia from prehistoric times through the present. It was edited and largely authored by Joseph E. Schwartzberg, professor emeritus of South Asian Studies at the University of Minnesota. Although much of the coverage in the atlas is principally focused on India and Pakistan, Nepal and Bangladesh are included and to some extent Myanmar (Burma). It is highly regarded by scholars of South Asian history for its vast amount of detail and coverage of the region's lengthy and complex history. The atlas is divided into two main sections: Maps and photographs and historical text which corresponds to and explains the maps. 
The initial assembly of the Atlas began in 1964 with many authors, historians, cartographers and researchers contributing over a fourteen-year period. Although many consider the atlas to be the ultimate resource for students and scholars alike, the authors stress that "it is intended to supplement existing histories of South Asia...not to be used in place of them." 
The atlas was first published in 1978 by the University of Chicago Press. About 3,300 total copies were produced and all of them sold, which caused the atlas to become out of print. In 1992, Schwartzberg and a new team of historians released a slightly updated second edition titled Second Impression, with Additional Material and published by Oxford University Press. This edition is now also out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="19835071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835071" title="Mirninsky District">
Mirninsky District

Mirninsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the west of the republic and borders with Olenyoksky District in the north and northeast, Nyurbinsky and Suntarsky Districts in the east, Lensky District in the south, and with Irkutsk Oblast and Krasnoyarsk Krai in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Mirny. Population (excluding the administrative center): 46,032 (2002 Census); 
Geography.
The main river in the district is the Vilyuy.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from in the south to in the north. July's average temperature ranges from to . Average annual precipitation is about .
History.
The district was established on January 12, 1965, after the beginnings of large-scale diamond mining and associated industry in the area.
The Vilyuy River basin was believed to contain mineral deposits at least as early as the 19th century, with Richard Maack reporting after an expedition to the area that the Vilyuy country was rich in iron, salt deposits and previous stones. He described a nest of blue clay in the area between the Vilyuy and Maly Bituoby rivers, but as kimberlites had not yet been discovered there was no official attention.
Around the beginning on the 20th century, a number of scientists and geologists noted similarities between parts of the Central Siberian Plateau and areas in South Africa, where exploitation of primary diamond deposits had already begun.
In 1937 the Soviet government began to greatly increase effort to produce diamonds on its own territory, due in part to some other diamond-producing nations being unwilling to sell to the USSR. Expeditions were organized in the basins of the Yenisei and the Ural Mountains. The Ural expedition proved the more successful, finding small, but commercially viable deposits. 
A further government decree signed by Stalin in 1946 announced further exploration for diamonds, with expeditions mounted from Irkutsk into the region of the Tunguska. The first officially recorded discovery of diamonds in Yakutia (the present-day Sakha Republic) was made in 1949 on an expedition along the Vilyuy. Initially, discoveries centred on placer deposits, which did not uncover the enormous primary deposits in the form of kimberlite pipes.
The first kimberlite deposit "Zarnitsa" was found on 21 August 1954. Further exploration in 1955 found more than 15 primary deposits, including the largest pipes at Udachny and Mirny. More than 200 kimberlite pipes have since been identified in the Sakha Republic.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census, 67.5% of population are Russians, 9.8% are Ukrainians, 7.6% are Yakuts, 6.5% are Tatars, 1.3% are Buryats.
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on mining. Natural resources include diamonds, oil, gas, and brown coal. Diamond mining is mostly carried out by ALROSA company and its subsidiaries.
Transportation.
Mirninsky District is connected with Yakutsk by the means of the Vilyuy Highway.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835084" title="Momsky District">
Momsky District

Momsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the republic. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Khonuu. Population: 4,699 (2002 Census); The population of Khonuu accounts for 55.6% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly mountainous. The highest point () of the Chersky Range, Mount Pobeda, is located in the district. The main river in the district is the Indigirka with its tributaries the Moma and the Chibagalakh.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from to and average July temperature ranges from to . Average precipitation ranges from in the intermountain basin to in the mountains.
History.
The district was established on May 20, 1931. Until then its territory was a part of Verkhoyansky District.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture, including breeding of horses and cattle, fur farming and reindeer herding.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835093" title="Namsky District">
Namsky District

Namsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. The district is located in the center of the republic and borders with Ust-Aldansky District in the east, Megino-Kangalassky District in the southeast, the territory of the city of republic significance of Yakutsk in the south, Gorny District in the west, and with Kobyaysky District in the north. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Namtsy. Population: 21,454 (2002 Census); The population of Namtsy accounts for 38.3% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly flat. The main river is the Lena with its tributaries.
Climate.
Average January temperature is and average July temperature is . Average annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on February 10, 1930.
Demographics.
A bulk of the district's population are Yakuts (96.7%); Russians account for about 2% and others ethnicities—for 1.3%.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835097" title="Sentimentalovers">
Sentimentalovers

Sentimentalovers (also styled "SENTIMENTALovers") is the sixth full length album released by singer and songwriter Ken Hirai. It was released on November 24, 2004 and sold over 1,660,885 copies.
Summary.
"Sentimentalovers" charted for 52 weeks. Hirai wrote the songs and also helped compose most of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19835100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835100" title="Nyurbinsky District">
Nyurbinsky District

Nyurbinsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the central western part of the republic and borders with Olenyoksky District in the north, Verkhnevilyuysky District in the east, Suntarsky District in the south and southwest, and with Mirninsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Nyurba. Population (excluding the administrative center): 15,549 (2002 Census); 
Geography.
The district stretches for from north to south and for from east to west. The main rivers in the district are the Vilyuy and its tributaries the Markha and the Tyukan.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature ranges from . Annual precipitation is about .
History.
The district was established on January 9, 1930.
Until February 1992, it was called Leninsky District ().
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Average age of the population is 29.
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on mining, food industry, forestry, light industry, and agriculture. Major natural resources include diamonds, gold, and brown coal. Diamond mining is mostly carried out by ALROSA company.
Transportation.
The Vilyuy Highway runs through the district, connecting the town of Nyurba with Yakutsk, Vilyuysk, and Mirny.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835118" title="Olenyoksky District">
Olenyoksky District

Olenyoksky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the west of the republic and borders with Anabarsky District in the north, Bulunsky and Zhigansky Districts in the east, Vilyuysky, Verkhnevilyuysky, and Nyurbinsky Districts in the southeast, Mirninsky District in the south and southwest, and with Krasnoyarsk Krai in the west and northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Olenyok. Population: 4,091 (2002 Census); The population of Olenyok accounts for 55.1% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main rivers in the district are the Olenyok and the Anabar. The largest lake is Lake Eyik.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature ranges from .
History.
The district was established on October 1, 1935.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture. There are deposits of diamonds, natural gas, and construction materials.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835121" title="Business Trip">
Business Trip

"Business Trip" is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's eightieth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on November 13, 2008 on NBC.
In this episode, Michael, Oscar and Andy are sent to Winnipeg, Manitoba on a business trip, where Michael has trouble understanding the actual purpose of the concierge and Andy and Oscar bond. Meanwhile, Jim and the rest of the office eagerly wait for Pam's return from art school.
Synopsis.
CFO David Wallace (Andy Buckley) sends Michael (Steve Carell) on a foreign sales call to Winnipeg to help alleviate the stress of having Holly taken away from him. He brings along Andy (Ed Helms) as a "foreign language translator" (despite the fact that Winnipeg is in the English speaking region of Canada) and Oscar (Oscar Nunez) as the "numbers guy". David Wallace tells him to go to the concierge to find activities to do in the city. Michael finds himself attracted to the concierge, Marie (Wendi McLendon-Covey), and, thinking that the concierge is the Winnipeg version of a Geisha, mistakes her as some kind of prostitute. Michael runs into Marie at a bar later that night. They have a few drinks and head back to her hotel room. After suggested brief and impersonal intercourse, Marie kicks Michael out of her room and he walks away, depressed.
Back at the bar, Andy attempts to set Oscar up with a couple of guys, who just wish to be left alone. A few drinks later, Oscar asks Andy what he sees in Angela (Angela Kinsey). Andy says he sees something behind her strict behavior before mentioning that they have not had sex yet. Oscar is shocked and tells Andy to call Angela about this. Andy calls Angela, who is with Dwight (Rainn Wilson), and tells her he does not like the fact they have not had sex yet. Angela berates him for calling her while drunk and hangs up on him. 
The next morning, Andy and Oscar reminisce about the night before, with Oscar bringing up Andy's call to Angela. Andy does not remember and calls Angela to apologize. He says afterward that Angela has put them back on "first base", which for her means that Andy gets to "kiss her forehead". Andy tells Oscar he appreciated his company on the trip, and Oscar feels the same way about Andy. Michael secures the sale with the client and calls David Wallace, who congratulates him. Michael then tells him he had a terrible time in Winnipeg and berates him for taking Holly away from him before abruptly hanging up. He then gets on the plane back to Scranton, mentioning he has stayed with the company for a long time because they give him enough respect that he could talk down his boss and nothing would happen to him.
Back in Scranton, Jim (John Krasinski) and the rest of the staff are eagerly counting down the days until Pam (Jenna Fischer) returns from art school, with the staff awkwardly and intrusively showing their excitement for Jim. Pam is upset that she failed a class and calls Jim to tell him that she would need to stay in New York for another three months to retake it. Pam is unsure if she wants to spend another three months away from Jim, but Jim reminds her that she went to New York for her own personal benefit and should only return to Scranton "the right way". The rest of the staff find out about her situation and feel sorry for the two of them, save for Dwight who criticizes Pam's painting of the office building on the wall. At the end of the day, Jim finds Pam waiting in the parking lot. Pam tells Jim that she is coming back "the wrong way" not because of him, but because she ultimately did not like graphic design and that Scranton is her home. Jim welcomes her back and they kiss, though the moment is ruined by Dwight who demands that Pam photocopy some documents for him.
Meanwhile, Ryan (B. J. Novak) moves back to the annex with Kelly (Mindy Kaling) in preparation for Pam's return and starts showing off by doing push ups in front of her. Kelly says she has no intention of breaking up with Darryl (Craig Robinson) and restarting a relationship with Ryan, but the two begin kissing passionately. Ryan tells Kelly to break up with Darryl via text message, and Darryl responds immediately saying he's okay with it. Ryan is shocked at Darryl letting it go easily, and Darryl is shown happily walking to his truck. At the end of the episode, Ryan and Kelly confirm they are back together, with Ryan visibly uncomfortable like he was before in their relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="19835127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835127" title="Suntarsky District">
Suntarsky District

Suntarsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the western central part of the republic and borders with Nyurbinsky District in the north and northeast, Verkhnevilyuysky District in the east, Olyokminsky District in the southeast, Lensky District in the southwest, and with Mirninsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Suntar. Population: 25,485 (2002 Census); The population of Suntar accounts for 39.9% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main river in the district is the Vilyuy.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature ranges from . Annual precipitation is about . 
History.
The district was established on January 9, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture. There are deposits of gold, brown coal, gypsum, anhydrite, construction materials, and others minerals.
Transportation.
The Vilyuy Highway runs through the district, connecting it with Yakutsk, Vilyuysk, and Mirny. There is an airport in Suntar.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835132" title="Tattinsky District">
Tattinsky District

Tattinsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the eastern central part of the republic and borders with Tomponsky District in the north and east, Ust-Maysky District in the south, Churapchinsky District in the southwest, and with Ust-Aldansky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Ytyk-Kyuyol. Population: 16,601 (2002 Census); The population of Ytyk-Kyuyol accounts for 39.6% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly flat. Its main rivers include the Amga and the Aldan.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature is . Annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on May 25, 1930. Until 1990, it was called "Alexeyevsky" ().
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="19835139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835139" title="1983 BMW Open">
1983 BMW Open

The 1983 BMW Open was a men's Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Munich, West Germany which was played on outdoor clay courts. It was the tenth edition of the tournament and was held form 16 May through 22 May 1983. Tomáš Šmíd won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19835149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835149" title="P. Chandrasekhara Rao">
P. Chandrasekhara Rao

P. Chandrasekhara Rao (born 22 April 1936) is an Indian Jurist. Since October 1996 he is judge at the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS). From 1999 to 2002 he was president of the ITLOS.
Life.
After studying law at University of Madras Chandrasekhara Rao worked as researcher for the "Indian Society of International Law". After that he worked as legal adviser for the Indian Ministry of Foreign Affairs until 1976. He also worked at the Permanent mission of India with the United Nations in New York from 1972 to 1976. From 1976 to 1996 he worked in various positions for the Indian Ministry of Justice. He also was Visiting Professor at Osmania University in Hyderabad and University of Madras. From 1994 to 2000 he was president of the "Indian Society of International Law".
Since 1 October 1996 he is judge at the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.
He is awarded the Padma Bhushan award by the Government of India on 25th January 2012 for his contribution to the area of Public Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19835150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835150" title="Verkhnevilyuysky District">
Verkhnevilyuysky District

Verkhnevilyuysky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the western central part of the republic and borders with Vilyuysky District in the east, Gorny District in the southeast, Olyokminsky District in the south, Suntarsky and Nyurbinsky Districts in the west, and with Olenyoksky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Verkhnevilyuysk. Population: 21,383 (2002 Census); The population of Verkhnevilyuysk accounts for 29.8% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main rivers in the district include the Vilyuy, the Tyukyan, and the Tyung.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from in the south to in the north and average July temperature ranges from to . Annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on February 10, 1935.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835159" title="Communauté de communes des Monts et Vallées">
Communauté de communes des Monts et Vallées

The Communauté de communes des Monts et Vallées was created on 1 January 2002 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of north-western France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 16 communes:
See also.
Communes of the Seine-Maritime department

</doc>
<doc id="19835161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835161" title="Zhigansky District">
Zhigansky District

Zhigansky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the northern central part of the republic and borders with Bulunsky District in the north, Eveno-Bytantaysky National District in the east, Kobyaysky District in the southeast, Vilyuysky District in the southwest, and with Olenyoksky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Zhigansk. Population: 4,312 (2002 Census); The population of Zhigansk accounts for 79.6% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main river in the district is the Lena. The largest lake is Lake Ulakhan-Kyuyol.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from in the east to in the west and average July temperature ranges from to . Annual precipitation ranges from in the west to in the east.
History.
The district was established on December 10, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835162" title="Bejar (disambiguation)">
Bejar (disambiguation)

Bejar can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19835165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835165" title="2008 Pitch and putt World Cup">
2008 Pitch and putt World Cup

The 2008 Pitch and putt World Cup was held on the Papendal course, close to Arnhem (Netherlands) and was the third edition for this championship promoted by the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), with 14 national teams. Ireland won the World Cup after defeating The Netherlands in the final.
Second round.
Places 9-14
Final rounds.
Quarter finals
Places 5-8
Semifinals
Places 13-14
Places 11-12
Places 9-10
Places 7-8
Places 5-6
Places 3-4
FINAL

</doc>
<doc id="19835170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835170" title="Olyokminsky District">
Olyokminsky District

Olyokminsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the southwest of the republic and borders with Verkhnevilyuysky District in the north, Gorny and Khangalassky Districts in the northeast, Aldansky District in the east, Neryungrinsky District in the southeast, Zabaykalsky Krai in the southwest, Irkutsk Oblast and Lensky District in the west, and with Suntarsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Olyokminsk. Population: 27,563 (2002 Census); The population of Olyokminsk accounts for 35.4% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main rivers of the district include the Lena with its tributaries, the largest of which is the Olyokma.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature ranges from in the mountains to in the valleys. Average annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on January 9, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is based mostly on agriculture and mining. There are deposits of gold and construction materials in the district. The only deposit of charoite known in the world is located on the district's territory.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835189" title="Beth Groundwater">
Beth Groundwater

Beth Groundwater is an American author who has written three novels. Her first novel, "A Real Basket Case", was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. She writes primarily in the Mystery genre, but has a published science fiction novella.
Writing career.
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade, and in high school took an independent study in English. She went to the College of William and Mary and earned a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978. She received a Master of Science degree in software engineering from Virginia Tech in 1983. She worked as a software engineer until 1999, then decided to become a writer.
After attending multiple writers' conventions, she began writing short stories. Seven were published before she met a literary agent who agreed to publish her first novel, "A Real Basket Case". It was published in 2007, and was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. Of her short stories, nine have been published including one translated into Persian. Another of Groundwater's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance. Her most recent short story, "Fatal Fish Flop," was published in "Fish Tales," a 2011 mystery anthology.
Awards and recognition.
Groundwater's short stories have won several contests. Her short story "New Zealand" won first place in the 2003 PPW Paul Gillette Memorial Writing Contest, and was the winner of the Rocky Mountain Fiction Writers Short Story Anthology Contest. "Flamingo Fatality" won the Great Manhattan Mystery Conclave Short Story Anthology Contest in 2005, and her 2005 short story "Lucky Bear" placed first in the Storyteller Magazine Flash Fiction Contest.
Groundwater's first two novels have been award candidates. "A Real Basket Case" was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. "To Hell in a Handbasket" was a finalist in the Colorado Romance Writers' 2010 award category, Mainstream with Romantic Elements.

</doc>
<doc id="19835191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835191" title="Oymyakonsky District">
Oymyakonsky District

Oymyakonsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the east of the republic and borders with Ust-Maysky District in the southwest, Tomponsky District in the west, Momsky District in the north, Magadan Oblast in the east, and with Khabarovsk Krai in the south. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Ust-Nera. Population: 14,670 (2002 Census); The population of Ust-Nera accounts for 63.9% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly mountainous. The main river is the Indigirka. There are many lakes in the district, with Labynkyr Lake in particular being famous for its mythical Labynkyr monster.
Climate.
The rural locality of Oymyakon is the Pole of Cold of the northern hemisphere, with the temperature of having been recorded in February 1933. Average January temperature ranges from . Average July temperature ranges from . Average precipitation ranges from in the valleys to in the mountains.
History.
The district was established on May 20, 1931.
Demographics.
From 1989 to 2007, the district's population, mostly represented by Russians (57%), Yakuts (23%), Ukrainians (10%), and Evenks (8%), declined by nearly 55%.
Economy.
The economy of the district is based mostly on mining and agriculture. There are deposits of gold, silver, tin, tungsten, lead, zinc, and antimony in the district.
Transportation.
The M56 Kolyma Highway runs through the district, connecting it with Yakutsk and Magadan.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835208" title="1984 BMW Open">
1984 BMW Open

The 1984 BMW Open was a men's Grand Prix Tennis Circuit tournament held in Munich, West Germany which was played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 11th edition of the tournament and was held form 14 May through 20 May 1984. Libor Pimek won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19835210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835210" title="TODALS">
TODALS

TODALS is used in some history classes, specifically for teaching students how to make maps. It is an acronym for "Title, Orientation (directions), Date, Author, Legend (key) or Label, Scale", and Source. Seven components that are included on a useful map. Reportedly, the term originated by the National Geographic Society of the United States.
Title - should be pertaining to the subject of the map.
Orientation just write the name of the map - Compass rose. Should indicate North.
Author - Who created the map.
Legend - What symbols mean on the map.
Scale - The size of space on the map.

</doc>
<doc id="19835212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835212" title="John Satterthwaite">
John Satterthwaite

John Richard Satterthwaite (born 17 November 1925) was Bishop of Gibraltar and at the same time Bishop of Fulham (the suffragan bishop charged by the Bishop of London with the oversight of Anglican congregations in North and Central Europe), during which appointments he was called "Bishop of Fulham and Gibraltar". In 1980, when the new Diocese in Europe was created from the union of those two jurisdictions, he became Bishop in Europe ("Bishop of Gibraltar in Europe" in full) in the last third of the 20th century.
Satterthwaite was educated at the University of Leeds and the College of the Resurrection, Mirfield. He begain his ordained ministry with curacies at St Barnabas's Carlisle and St Michael Paternoster Royal in the City of London, after which he was Vicar of St Dunstan-in-the-West before being ordained to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="19835215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835215" title="Tongue 'n' Cheek">
Tongue 'n' Cheek

Tongue 'n' Cheek were a British late 1980s and early 1990s electro music band, that were primarily popular in the UK club scene between 1987 and 1991.
Only three of the group's seven singles charted in the UK Singles Chart, however they were more noticeable in the UK Dance Chart. The group's biggest UK hit single was "Tomorrow", which peaked at #20 in the UK chart. Follow-up singles included "Nobody" (UK #37) and "Forget Me Nots" (UK #26). The group also had a charting album, "This Is Tongue 'N' Cheek", which reached #45 in the UK Albums Chart.
The lyrical content from Tongue 'n' Cheek's 1988 single "Nobody (Can Love Me)", was sampled by Acen. The lyrics - albeit speeded up and altered - formed part of Acen's darkcore single, "Trip II The Moon", which reached #38 in the UK Singles Chart in August 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19835220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835220" title="Tomponsky District">
Tomponsky District

Tomponsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the east of the republic and borders with Momsky District in the northeast, Oymyakonsky District in the east, Ust-Maysky District in the southeast, Tattinsky District in the southwest, Ust-Aldansky and Kobyaysky Districts in the west, and with Verkhoyansky District in the north and northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Khandyga. Population: 15,275 (2002 Census); The population of Khandyga accounts for 47.1% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly mountainous. Its main rivers include the Alan, the Tompo, and the Khandyga.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature ranges from . Annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on May 20, 1931.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is based on mining, production of construction materials, and agriculture. There are deposits of tin, tungsten, copper, lead, zinc, antimony, molybdenum, gold, silver, coal, gypsum, marble, and other minerals.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835228" title="Verkhnekolymsky District">
Verkhnekolymsky District

Verkhnekolymsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the republic and borders with Srednekolymsky District in the north and northeast, Magadan Oblast in the east and south, Momsky District in the west, and with Abyysky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Zyryanka. Population: 5,653 (2002 Census); The population of Zyryanka accounts for 67.1% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main rivers of the district are the Kolyma River and its tributaries.
Climate.
Average January temperature is and average July temperature ranges from to . Annual precipitation ranges from .
History.
The district was established on April 30, 1954.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835229" title="Waban (disambiguation)">
Waban (disambiguation)

Waban may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19835236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835236" title="Ust-Maysky District">
Ust-Maysky District

Ust-Maysky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the east of the republic and borders with Oymyakonsky District in the northeast, Khabarovsk Krai in the east and south, Aldansky District in the southwest, Amginsky District in the west, Churapchinsky and Tattinsky Districts in the northwest, and with Tomponsky District in the north. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Ust-Maya. Population: 11,568 (2002 Census); The population of Ust-Maya accounts for 33.9% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main rivers in the district are the Aldan and its tributaries the Maya and Allakh-Yun.
Average January temperature ranges from and average July temperature ranges from in the mountains to in the river valleys. Annual precipitation ranges from .
History.
The district was established on May 20, 1931. The administrative centre of the district was Solnechny from 1972-1992, after which it moved to Ust-Maya.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on mining, timber industry, and production of construction materials. There are deposits of gold, lead, zinc, rare metals, and construction materials.

</doc>
<doc id="19835239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835239" title="CEES">
CEES

CEES may refer to:
Cees may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19835240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835240" title="Contulmo">
Contulmo

Contulmo (Mapudungun: "place of transit") is a Chilean town and commune in Arauco Province, Biobío Region. Colonized by Germans of Berlin since 1884.
Geography.
Contulmo spans an area of It is bordered by the commune of Cañete to the north and northwest, Tirúa to the southwest, Purén to the east and Lumaco to the southeast.
The commune includes part of the lakes Lanalhue and Lleulleu. The town of Contulmo is surrounded by mountains and hills of the Nahuelbuta Range.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Contulmo has 5,838 inhabitants (3,020 men and 2,818 women). Of these, 2,442 (41.8%) lived in urban areas and 3,396 (58.2%) in rural areas. The population fell by 13.3% (898 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Culture.
In architecture and urban design the town shows the German colonization. Every year in April is celebrated the "Fest der Kolonisten" which means "feast of the settlement" in German, and in December is the "Feast of the White Strawberry", among other festivities.
Administration.
As a commune, Contulmo is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Eduardo Aguayo Thiele (UDI).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Contulmo is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Manuel Monsalve (PS) and Iván Norambuena (UDI) as part of the 46th electoral district, (together with Lota, Lebu, Arauco, Curanilahue, Los Álamos, Cañete and Tirúa). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19835253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835253" title="John Caden">
John Caden

John Caden is an Irish independent television producer. He began his media career in RTÉ in the 1970s. In 1985 he won a Jacob's Award for producing "The Gay Byrne Show". 
For most of his time in RTÉ, Caden was a member of the Workers' Party of Ireland. He, along with his friend Eoghan Harris, strongly supported the operation of Section 31 of the Irish Broadcasting Act, which prevented members of Sinn Féin from being interviewed on RTÉ. In 1987, Caden took charge of the investigation into the "Lambo incident", involving the RTÉ DJ Gerry Ryan.
In the 1990s, John Caden left his employment with RTÉ. He is the father-in-law of "Sunday Independent" journalist Brendan O'Connor. He was briefly associated with the campaign of Derek Nally to become President of Ireland in the 1997 Irish presidential election before disassociating himself with the campaign over disagreements with the candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="19835270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835270" title="Behar (surname)">
Behar (surname)

Behar is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19835277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835277" title="Verkhoyansky District">
Verkhoyansky District

Verkhoyansky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the northern central part of the republic and borders with Ust-Yansky District in the northeast, Momsky District in the east, Tomponsky District in the south, Kobyaysky District in the southwest, Eveno-Bytantaysky National District in the west, and with Bulunsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a settlement) of Batagay. Population: 13,666 (2002 Census); The population of Batagay accounts for 34.1% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The main river in the district is the Yana.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from to and average July temperature ranges from to . Annual precipitation ranges from .
History.
The district was established on January 5, 1967.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture. There are deposits of tin, tungsten, copper, lead, antimony, gold, silver, brown coal, and other minerals.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835284" title="Zimbabwean people">
Zimbabwean people

Zimbabwean people are covered in the following articles

</doc>
<doc id="19835288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835288" title="Chicago, Milwaukee and Saint Paul Railway Iron River Depot">
Chicago, Milwaukee and Saint Paul Railway Iron River Depot

The Chicago, Milwaukee and Saint Paul Railway Iron River Depot, located in Iron River, Michigan, was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as the Milwaukee Road) in 1913. The brick depot has a modified Neoclassical design and is rectangular in shape. The depot has a covered porch on one end that connected to the waiting room. The station agent's office was located in the middle of the building, and a freight room was on the other end. 
The railroad came to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to serve the local iron mines and timber industry. It built the branch line that terminated in Iron River in 1913. Passenger service connected to the main line at Channing, Michigan. Passenger service to Iron River ended in 1945. The railroad provided bus service between Sagola, Michigan and Iron River until 1956. The railroad ceased bus service in 1956. The depot was sold to a local produce company for use as a warehouse. The depot was subsequently sold to an equipment company. In 1993, the depot was sold again. The new owners rehabilitated the depot and turned it into a restaurant and bakery. The new owners also bought two old ex-Long Island Railroad passenger coaches and added them to the depot as part of a railroad-themed restaurant.
The depot was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its architecture and also because of its association with the development of Iron River. It is also significant as the last remaining railway station in Iron River.

</doc>
<doc id="19835294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835294" title="Srednekolymsky District">
Srednekolymsky District

Srednekolymsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the north of the republic and borders with Verkhnekolymsky District in the south, Abyysky District in the west, Allaikhovsky District in the northwest, Nizhnekolymsky District in the north, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug in the east, and with Magadan Oblast in the southeast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Srednekolymsk. Population: 8,353 (2002 Census); The population of Srednekolymsk accounts for 44.6% of the district's totalpopulation.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly flat. The main rivers in the district include the Kolyma and the Alazeya. There are many lakes, the largest of which are Lakes Pavylon and Balyma.
Climate.
Average January temperature is and average July temperature is . Annual precipitation ranges from in the north to in the east.
History.
The district was established on May 25, 1930.
Demographics.
From 1989 to 2007, the population of the district declined by almost 16%. A bulk of population are Yakuts (about 81%); other ethnicities include Russians (12%), Evens (4%), and Evenks (3%).
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture. There are deposits of construction materials.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835303" title="1985 BMW Open">
1985 BMW Open

The 1985 BMW Open was a Grand Prix Tennis Circuit tournament held in Munich, West Germany which was played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 12th edition of the tournament and was held form 6 May through 12 May 1985. Joakim Nyström won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19835331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835331" title="Vilyuysky District">
Vilyuysky District

Vilyuysky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the western central part of the republic and borders with Zhigansky District in the northeast, Kobyaysky District in the east, Gorny District in the south, Verkhnevilyuysky District in the west, and with Olenyoksky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Vilyuysk. Population: 25,696 (2002 Census); The population of Vilyuysk accounts for 40.6% of the district's total population.
Geography.
Main rivers in the district include the Vilyuy and its tributary the Tyung.
History.
The district was established on January 9, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture.
Inhabited localities.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="19835341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835341" title="Ust-Aldansky District">
Ust-Aldansky District

Ust-Aldansky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the center of the republic and borders with Kobyaysky District in the north, Tomponsky District in the northeast, Tattinsky District in the east, Churapchinsky District in the southeast, Megino-Kangalassky District in the south, and with Namsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Borogontsy. Population: 22,372 (2002 Census); The population of Borogontsy accounts for 23.6% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly flat. Its main rivers include the Lena and the Aldan. There are many lakes in the district, the largest of which are Lakes Myuryu, Oner, and Targyldzhyma.
History.
The district was established on January 9, 1930.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
The economy of the district is mostly based on agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="19835367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835367" title="1850 in India">
1850 in India

Events in the year 1850 in India.
Events.
The ceremony of turning the first sod for the Great Indian Peninsula Railway from Mumbai to Kalyan was performed by J. P. Willoughby at a place near Sion.

</doc>
<doc id="19835413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835413" title="Metro San Diego Communications Inc.">
Metro San Diego Communications Inc.

Metro San Diego Communications Inc. is the parent company of a media enterprise in San Diego County, California. 
Publications and websites.
The company's flagship publication is "San Diego Metropolitan" magazine, a 20,050 monthly business magazine. It also owns the "North Park News", a 12,500 circulation monthly newspaper serving the greater North Park community (Zip code 92104) and "Uptown-Examiner", a twice-weekly newspaper that focuses on running fictitious business and legal statements along with news of interest to small business owners. The company's primary online site features material published in the monthly business magazine plus a Daily Business Report that is e-mailed to subscribers, the Reel Story movie reviews and business and event calendars. A specialty publications division serves the annual report and directory markets. 
Management.
Gary Shaw is the publisher and principal owner for all Metro San Diego Communications Inc. publications. Tim McClain is the executive editor for all Metro San Diego Communications Inc. publications. Shaw and McClain are no longer there.
"San Diego Metropolitan History".
"San Diego Metropolitan" was founded in 1986 by Sean Patrick Reily, a former account executive with an Orange County magazine. The publication started as a downtown-only newsprint magazine and then was expanded to include three editions serving the downtown, Mission Valley and Golden Triangle markets.
In 1995 Reily condensed the publications back to a single magazine with separate sections for each of the three areas. In July 1996, Reily sold the magazine to Gary Shaw, a long-time San Diego journalist and former editor of the San Diego Daily Transcript. Metro San Diego Communications Inc. was the corporation created to purchase the magazine and subsequent publications. Shaw brought on as his editor, and eventually minority partner, Tim McClain who had served as his managing editor at the Daily Transcript. John Davies, a prominent San Diego attorney, later bought a minority interest in the publication. Shaw introduced glossy pages and converted the magazine from a "pink" publication targeted at consumers and front-office workers to a business-lifestyle magazine. Covers were changed from featuring artwork to photographs of business, civic and non-profit leaders. It is one of the few major print publications in San Diego still 100 percent owned by local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19835425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835425" title="2008 Generali Ladies Linz – Doubles">
2008 Generali Ladies Linz – Doubles

Cara Black and Liezel Huber were the defending champions, but Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama defeated them 6–4, 7–5, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19835442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835442" title="List of Chuck characters">
List of Chuck characters

"Chuck" is an American television series developed by writer/producers Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak and is broadcast by NBC. The titular character of the series is Chuck Bartowski (Zachary Levi), an affable and anxious Nerd Herd associate at Buy More who unwittingly downloads the entire CIA/NSA secret database subliminally into his brain. During the series he is protected by CIA agent Sarah Walker (Yvonne Strahovski) and NSA agent John Casey (Adam Baldwin) while helping the CIA and NSA in spy missions.
Main and supporting characters.
Buy More employees.
Current and former employees of the Buy More where Chuck and Casey worked for most of the series.
The Ring.
The Ring is a hostile organization introduced in passing in the season two finale, "Chuck Versus the Ring." The episode revealed no further information about the organization, other than that FULCRUM is only one part of it. According to Chris Fedak, the Ring has a specific goal revealed only as different from the goals of Fulcrum.
FULCRUM.
FULCRUM is the codename of a hostile espionage organization which served as the series' main antagonist, and it was later revealed to be a part of The Ring.
Volkoff Industries.
Volkoff Industries is the public business front owned by an international arms dealer named Alexei Volkoff. They maintained a headquarters building in a former KGB installation in Moscow, and possess other known assets in Venezuela and Hong Kong. Like The Ring and Fulcrum before it, Volkoff Industries is the central antagonist of "Chuck's" fourth season. Little other specific information has been revealed so far in the series, other than that they use a number of other companies as public fronts for their arms shipments. Casey and Sarah had spent several months prior to "Chuck Versus the Anniversary" on assignment attempting to track down the organization, and it has been revealed that Volkoff Industries is somehow tied to the disappearance of Mary Elizabeth Bartowski. Volkoff has established an underground weapons pipeline called "Project Beacon," which extends to Burma and Costa Gravas. Beacon includes a stolen nuclear controlled panel that could have bombed several American cities. 
Volkoff has been present in the series as early as "Chuck Versus the Cougars," when Heather Chandler attempts to extort F-22 plans from her husband for Volkoff (revealed when Hugo Panzer was hired to kill her for the failure). Volkoff's ability to manipulate prison transfers, relationship with Mary, and former connections to the Soviet Union would suggest a far-reaching political power. Volkoff has a valuable database named Hydra.
Verbanski Corporation.
Verbanski Corporation is the main competition to Carmichael Industries, the freelance spy organization operated by Chuck and his colleagues, in season 5.
Minor characters.
The series features a number of minor roles for villains and allies that only appear in a few episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19835446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835446" title="List of King George V Playing Fields in the East Riding of Yorkshire">
List of King George V Playing Fields in the East Riding of Yorkshire


</doc>
<doc id="19835450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835450" title="List of Nobel Peace Prize laureates">
List of Nobel Peace Prize laureates

The Norwegian Nobel Committee each year awards the Nobel Peace Prize (Norwegian and ) "to the person who shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses." It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Norwegian Nobel Committee and awarded by a committee of five people elected by the Parliament of Norway. The first Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in 1901 to Frédéric Passy and Henry Dunant. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma, and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, Passy and Dunant shared a Prize of 150,782 Swedish kronor, which was equal to 7,731,004 kronor in 2008. In 2013, the Prize was awarded to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. The Peace Prize is presented annually in Oslo, in the presence of the King of Norway, on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death, and is the only Nobel Prize not presented in Stockholm. Unlike the other prizes, the Peace Prize is occasionally awarded to an organisation (such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, a three-time recipient) rather than an individual.
The prize is considered the most controversial of the Nobel Prizes with several of the selections having been criticised. Despite having been nominated five times, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi never won the Prize. Following his assassination in 1948, the committee considered awarding it to him posthumously but decided against it and instead withheld the Prize that year with the explanation that "there was no suitable living candidate." In 1961, Dag Hammarskjöld, who died after his nomination but several months before the announcement, became the only Laureate to be recognised posthumously; following this, the statutes were changed to make a future posthumous prize nearly impossible. In 1973, Le Duc Tho declined the Prize, because "he was not in a position to accept the Prize, citing the situation in Vietnam as his reason." Linus Pauling, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate in 1962, is the only person to have been awarded two unshared Nobel Prizes; he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1954.
Laureates.
As of 2013, the Peace Prize has been awarded to 101 individuals and 22 organizations. Fifteen women have won the Nobel Peace Prize, more than any other Nobel Prize. Only two recipients have won multiple Prizes: the International Committee of the Red Cross has won three times (1917, 1944, and 1963) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has won twice (1954 and 1981). There have been 19 years since its creation in which the Peace Prize was not awarded, more times than any other Nobel Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19835473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835473" title="Viking tour">
Viking tour

The Viking Tour is a Norwegian week-long cyclosportive and organized cycling holiday offering both timed and non-timed classes.
The event was first organized in 2005 with 70 participants and already by 2007 some 270 cyclists from 18 nations signed up.
Like the professionals` Tour de France, the route is changed every year but will typically include several UNESCO World Heritage Sites and places popular with tourists such as Geiranger, Nærøyfjorden, Sognefjell, Sognefjord and Aurland.
Daily stage distances vary considerably from 70 to 170 kilometres, depending on ascent. During the seven days, well over 10 000 meter of ascent is conquered. Most stages are started with a non timed transport stretch where all riders of all classes ride together at an easy speed.

</doc>
<doc id="19835487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835487" title="Stas Misezhnikov">
Stas Misezhnikov

Stas Misezhnikov (; , born 28 February 1969) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu and as the country's Minister of Tourism.
Biography.
Born in Moscow in the Soviet Union (today in Russia), Misezhnikov made aliyah to Israel on 7 September 1982. In 1992 he gained a BA in social and political sciences from Tel Aviv University. Eight years later he was awarded an MA in business administration and marketing by the same institution. Between 1997 and 1999 he worked as a parliamentary aide in the Knesset, and then from 1999 until 2006 as a marketing manager at Clalit. 
In 2003 he became a member of Rishon LeZion city council, on which he served until 2006. For the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed sixth on the Yisrael Beiteinu list, and became a Knesset member when the party won 11 seats. He retained his seat in the 2009 elections, for which he was placed third on the party's list. Following the election he was appointed Minister of Tourism in Binyamin Netanyahu's government.
The Israeli Embassy in Madrid called his visit to Spain an embarrassment after Misezhnikov allegedly canceled a dinner with business contacts in favor of private partying. Misezhnikov hotly denied the charge, claiming he was stuck at a Holocaust memorial event. There was further controversy in October 2010 when Misezhnikov was accused of politicizing a forthcoming OECD tourism conference in Jerusalem, when he stated that by holding a meeting in Jerusalem, the OECD recognized the city as Israel's capital. The Israeli government intervened and the head of the Knesset Committee on Jerusalem called Misezhnikov as a "diplomatic neophyte".
In the aftermath of the 2012 Burgas bus bombing, Misezhnikov traveled to Bulgaria in an effort to maintain its tourism connections with Israel. He met with Prime Minister Boyko Borisov and President Rosen Plevneliev.
On 4 December 2012, it was announced that Misezhnikov would not be a candidate for the 2013 Knesset elections.
Controversy.
A Channel 2 report cited anonymous former bodyguards of Misezhnikov's who claimed that the minister regularly went out drinking and attended strip clubs. They also alleged that Misezhnikov nightlife habits caused him to miss an emergency cabinet meeting on the Gilad Shalit negotiations. Misezhnikov denied the allegations and claimed he had been cleared of wrongdoing in an investigation by the Israeli Civil Service Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19835489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835489" title="Germany men's national pitch and putt team">
Germany men's national pitch and putt team

Germany men's national Pitch and Putt team represents Germany in Pitch and putt international competitions.
It is managed by the DPPV - DEUTSCHER PITCH & PUTT VERBAND e.V. and the GPPGA - German Pitch & Putt Golf Agency.
It is an associated member of the European Pitch and Putt Association since 2008. Germany reached the 13th place in the 2008 Pitch and putt World Cup and the 8th plance in the 6th European Championship in 2010.
Players.
"National team in the European Championship 2010"
"National team in the World Cup 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="19835490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835490" title="Belgium men's national pitch and putt team">
Belgium men's national pitch and putt team

Belgium men's national pitch and putt team represents Belgium in pitch and putt international competitions. 
The first international appearance was in the 2008 World Cup.
Players.
"National team in the World Cup 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="19835495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835495" title="GV Broadcasting Systems, Inc.">
GV Broadcasting Systems, Inc.

GV Broadcasting Systems, Inc. (GV), also known as MediaScape & Metro City Media Services, is a radio network and direct-to-home (DTH) satellite provider owned by MediaQuest Holdings, a subsidiary of PLDT in the Philippines. Its studios and transmitters are located at Angeles City, Pampanga.
It operates 4 radio stations, 2 DTH satellite providers: GV Satellite - broadcast via Mabuhay Satellite Agila 2 in DVB and NTSC color format exclusively to its subscribers using the Integrated Receiver-Decoder and Cignal Digital TV, and a digital mobile TV platform (myTV, a joint venture with Smart Communications).

</doc>
<doc id="19835498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835498" title="British Columbia (disambiguation)">
British Columbia (disambiguation)

British Columbia is a province of Canada, which has given its name to many associated places and institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="19835510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835510" title="Baddomalhi">
Baddomalhi

Baddomalhi is a city located 35 miles northeast of Lahore, Pakistan in Narowal District. It is located at 31°58'60 North 74°40'0 East with an altitude of 217 metres (715 feet).
Origin.
In the reign of Shahjahan, Rai Jani (being converted to Islam, called Muhammad Jani), an ancestor of the Badhomalhi family of Malhi and a descendent of Baddo, was granted a Jagir by Shahjahan. This Jagir extended from Eminabad(Gujranwala district) to Naurangabad (tehsil Raya). Muhammad Jani led to the founding of Baddomalhi, making it the center of his Jagir.

</doc>
<doc id="19835517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835517" title="1986 BMW Open">
1986 BMW Open

The 1986 BMW Open was a Grand Prix Tennis Circuit held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from May 5 to May 12. Its now part of the ATP Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19835572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835572" title="Communauté de communes d'Yères et Plateaux">
Communauté de communes d'Yères et Plateaux

The Communauté de communes d'Yères et Plateaux is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 12 communes and their populations:
See also.
Communes of the Seine-Maritime department

</doc>
<doc id="19835573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835573" title="Markus Nomil Iversen">
Markus Nomil Iversen

Markus Nomil Iversen (born 1834, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian ship-owner and politician.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1877, representing the constituency of Sarpsborg. He worked as a timber merchant and ship-owner there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19835577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835577" title="1987 BMW Open">
1987 BMW Open

The 1987 BMW Open was an Grand Prix Tennis Circuit tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from May 4 to May 11. Its now part of the ATP Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19835580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835580" title="Nice model">
Nice model

The Nice model ( ) is a scenario for the dynamical evolution of the Solar System. It is named for the location of the Observatoire de la Côte d'Azur, where it was initially developed, in Nice, France. It proposes the migration of the giant planets from an initial compact configuration into their present positions, long after the dissipation of the initial protoplanetary gas disk. In this way, it differs from earlier models of the Solar System's formation. This planetary migration is used in dynamical simulations of the Solar System to explain historical events including the Late Heavy Bombardment of the inner Solar System, the formation of the Oort cloud, and the existence of populations of small Solar System bodies including the Kuiper belt, the Neptune and Jupiter Trojans, and the numerous resonant trans-Neptunian objects dominated by Neptune. Its success at reproducing many of the observed features of the Solar System means that it is presently widely accepted as the current most realistic model of the Solar System's early evolution, though it is not universally favoured among planetary scientists. One of its limitations is reproducing the outer-system satellites and the Kuiper belt (see below).
Description.
The original core of the Nice model is a triplet of papers published in the general science journal "Nature" in 2005 by an international collaboration of scientists: R. Gomes, Hal Levison, Alessandro Morbidelli and Kleomenis Tsiganis. In these publications, the four authors proposed that after the dissipation of the gas and dust of the primordial Solar System disk, the four giant planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune) were originally found on near-circular orbits between ~5.5 and ~17 astronomical units (AU), much more closely spaced and more compact than in the present. A large, dense disk of small, rock and ice planetesimals, their total about 35 Earth masses, extended from the orbit of the outermost giant planet to some 35 AU.
Scientists understand so little about the formation of Uranus and Neptune that Levison states, "...the possibilities concerning the formation of Uranus and Neptune are almost endless." 
However, it is suggested that this planetary system evolved in the following manner. Planetesimals at the disk's inner edge occasionally pass through gravitational encounters with the outermost giant planet, which change the planetesimals' orbits. The planets scatter inwards the majority of the small icy bodies that they encounter, exchanging angular momentum with the scattered objects so that the planets move outwards in response, preserving the angular momentum of the system. These planetesimals then similarly scatter off the next planet they encounter, successively moving the orbits of Uranus, Neptune, and Saturn outwards. Despite the minute movement each exchange of momentum can produce, cumulatively these planetesimal encounters shift (migrate) the orbits of the planets by significant amounts. This process continues until the planetesimals interact with the innermost and most massive giant planet, Jupiter, whose immense gravity sends them into highly elliptical orbits or even ejects them outright from the Solar System. This, in contrast, causes Jupiter to move slightly inward.
The low rate of orbital encounters governs the rate at which planetesimals are lost from the disk, and the corresponding rate of migration. After several hundreds of millions of years of slow, gradual migration, Jupiter and Saturn, the two inmost giant planets, cross their mutual 1:2 mean-motion resonance. This resonance increases their orbital eccentricities, destabilizing the entire planetary system. The arrangement of the giant planets alters quickly and dramatically. Jupiter shifts Saturn out towards its present position, and this relocation causes mutual gravitational encounters between Saturn and the two ice giants, which propel Neptune and Uranus onto much more eccentric orbits. These ice giants then plough into the planetesimal disk, scattering tens of thousands of planetesimals from their formerly stable orbits in the outer Solar System. This disruption almost entirely scatters the primordial disk, removing 99% of its mass, a scenario which explains the modern-day absence of a dense trans-Neptunian population. Some of the planetesimals are thrown into the inner Solar System, producing a sudden influx of impacts on the terrestrial planets: the Late Heavy Bombardment.
Eventually, the giant planets reach their current orbital semi-major axes, and dynamical friction with the remaining planetesimal disc damps their eccentricities and makes the orbits of Uranus and Neptune circular again.
In some 50% of the initial models of Tsiganis "et al"., Neptune and Uranus also exchange places about a billion years (20%) into the life of the Solar System. However, the results only correspond to an even mass distribution in the protoplanetary disk, and match the masses of the planets, if the switch did take place.
Solar System features.
Running dynamical models of the Solar System with different initial conditions for the simulated length of the history of the Solar System will produce the various populations of objects within the Solar System. As the initial conditions of the model are allowed to vary, each population will be more or less numerous, and will have particular orbital properties. Proving a model of the evolution of the early Solar System is difficult, since the evolution cannot be directly observed. However, the success of any dynamical model can be judged by comparing the population predictions from the simulations to astronomical observations of these populations. At the present time, computer models of the Solar System that are begun with the initial conditions of the Nice scenario best match many aspects of the observed Solar System.
The Late Heavy Bombardment.
The crater record on the Moon and on the terrestrial planets is part of the main evidence for the Late Heavy Bombardment (LHB): an intensification in the number of impactors, at about 600 million years after the Solar System's formation. The number of planetesimals that would reach the Moon in the Nice model is consistent with the crater record from the LHB.
Trojans and the asteroid belt.
During the period of orbital disruption following Jupiter and Saturn reaching the 2:1 resonance, the combined gravitational influence of the migrating giant planets would have quickly destabilized any existing Trojan groups in the L4 and L5 Lagrange points of Jupiter and Neptune. During this time, the Trojan co-orbital region is termed "dynamically open". Under the Nice model, the planetesimals leaving the disrupted disk cross this region in large numbers, temporarily inhabiting it. After the period of orbital instability ends, the Trojan region is "dynamically closed", capturing planetesimals present at the time. The present Trojan populations are then these acquired scattered planetesimals of the primordial asteroid belt. This simulated population matches the libration angle, eccentricity and the large inclinations of the orbits of the Jupiter Trojans. Their inclinations had not previously been understood.
This mechanism of the Nice model similarly generates the Neptune trojans.
A large number of planetesimals would have also been captured in the outer asteroid belt, at distances greater than 2.6 AU, and in the region of the Hilda family. These captured objects would then have undergone collisional erosion, grinding the population away into smaller fragments that can then be acted on by the solar wind and YORP effect; removing more than 90% of them according to Bottke "et al". The size frequency distribution of this simulated population following this erosion are in excellent agreement with observations. This suggests that the Jupiter Trojans, Hildas and some of the outer asteroid belt, all spectral D-type asteroids, are the remnant planetesimals from this capture and erosion process, possibly also including the dwarf planet .
Outer-system satellites.
Any original populations of irregular satellites captured by traditional mechanisms, such as drag or impacts from the accretion disks, would be lost during the interactions of the planets at the time of global system instability. In the Nice model, large numbers of planetesimals interact with the outer planets at this time, and some are captured during three-way interactions with those planets. The probability for any planetesimal to be captured by an ice giant is relatively high, a few 10−7. These new satellites could be captured at almost any angle, so unlike the regular satellites of Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, they do not necessarily orbit in the planets' equatorial planes. Triton, the largest moon of Neptune, can be explained if it was captured in a three-body interaction involving the disruption of a binary planetoid, of which Triton was the less massive member (Cuk & Gladman 2005). However, such binary disruption would not in general have supplied the large number of small irregulars. Some irregulars may have even been exchanged between planets.
The resulting irregular orbits match well with the observed populations' semimajor axes, inclinations and eccentricities, but not with their size distribution. Subsequent collisions between these captured satellites may have created the suspected collisional families seen today. These collisions are also required to erode the population to the present size distribution.
There would not have been enough interactions with Jupiter in the simulations to explain Jupiter's retinue of irregulars, suggesting either that a second mechanism was at work for that planet, or that the parameters of the Nice model need to be revised.
Formation of the Kuiper belt.
The migration of the outer planets is also necessary to account for the existence and properties of the Solar System's outermost regions. Originally, the Kuiper belt was much denser and closer to the Sun, with an outer edge at approximately 30 AU. Its inner edge would have been just beyond the orbits of Uranus and Neptune, which were in turn far closer to the Sun when they formed (most likely in the range of 15–20 AU), and in opposite locations, with Uranus farther from the Sun than Neptune.
Some of the scattered objects, including Pluto, became gravitationally tied to Neptune's orbit, forcing them into mean-motion resonances. The Nice model is favoured for its ability to explain the occupancy of current orbital resonances in the Kuiper belt, particularly the 2:5 resonance. As Neptune migrated outward, it approached the objects in the proto-Kuiper belt, capturing some of them into resonances and sending others into chaotic orbits. The objects in the scattered disc are believed to have been placed in their current positions by interactions with Neptune's migrating resonances.
However, the Nice model still fails to account for some of the characteristics of the distribution. While it is able to produce both the objects in the Kuiper belt that have highly inclined orbits and the low-inclination cold population, it predicts a greater average eccentricity in classical Kuiper belt object orbits than is observed (0.10–0.13 versus 0.07).
The two populations not only possess different orbits, but different colors; the cold population is markedly redder than the hot, suggesting it has a different composition and formed in a different region. The hot population is believed to have formed nearer to Jupiter, and to have been ejected outward by movements among the gas giants. The cold population, on the other hand, has been proposed to have formed more or less in its current position, although the Nice model can also explain it being swept outwards later by Neptune during its migration, given that Neptune's orbit would have temporarily become more eccentric. The Nice model can partially explain the color difference in that the cold population would still have originated at a greater distance from the Sun than the hot population. However, it cannot explain the apparent complete absence of gray objects in the cold population; a suggestion that has been made is that color differences may arise at least in part from surface evolution processes rather than entirely from differences in primordial composition.
It is also difficult for the model to explain the frequency of paired objects, many of which are far apart and loosely bound.
Scattered disc and Oort cloud.
Those objects scattered by Jupiter into highly elliptical orbits formed the Oort cloud; those objects scattered to a lesser degree by the migrating Neptune formed the current Kuiper belt and scattered disc.
Later evolution of the Nice model.
The Nice model has undergone significant modification since its initial publication. The initial conditions of the model have been changed as a result of investigations of the behavior of planets orbiting in a gas disk to a quadruple resonant configuration with Jupiter and Saturn in their mutual 3:2 resonance. The gravitational stirring of the outer planetesimal disk by Pluto-sized objects has been shown to result in breaking of the quadruple resonance via a mechanism that is not sensitive to the distance between the outer planet and the planetesimal disk. This mechanism for triggering the late instability of resonant planets similar to that in the original Nice model has been referred to as the Nice 2 model. 
The smooth divergent migration of Jupiter and Saturn has been shown to excite the eccentricities of the terrestrial planets beyond their current values and to leave an asteroid belt with an excessive ratio of high to low inclination objects after the migration. In the case of the original Nice model the slow approach of Jupiter and Saturn to their mutual 2:1 resonance, necessary to match the timing of the Late Heavy Bombardment, can result in the ejection of Mars and the destabilization of the inner Solar System. A step-wise separation of Jupiter’s and Saturn’s orbits due to gravitational encounters with one of the ice giants, called the Jumping-Jupiter Scenario, has been shown to be necessary to avoid these issues. The frequent ejection of the ice giant encountering Jupiter has led some to propose an early Solar System with five giant planets one of which was ejected during the instability.

</doc>
<doc id="19835581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835581" title="Sofa Landver">
Sofa Landver

Sofa Landver (, born 28 October 1949) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu and as the country's Minister of Immigrant Absorption.
Radio "Voice of Russia" says she was the first former Soviet citizen in the government of Israel.
Biography.
Born in Leningrad in the Soviet Union (today Saint Petersburg in Russia), Landver made aliyah to Israel in 1979. She served on Ashdod city council, has been director with the Ashdod Development Company, and a member of the Jewish Agency's board of trustees.
In the 1996 elections she was elected to the Knesset on the Labor Party list. She was re-elected in 1999 and served as Deputy Minister of Transportation between 12 August and 2 November 2002. She lost her seat in the 
2003 elections, but entered the Knesset on 11 January 2006 as a replacement for Avraham Shochat. However, she resigned on 8 February, and was replaced by Orna Angel.
Prior to the 2006 elections Landver joined Yisrael Beiteinu, and was placed seventh on its list. The party won 11 seats and she retained her place in the Knesset. She was re-elected again in the 2009 elections after winning fifth place on the party's list. On 31 March she was appointed Minister of Immigrant Absorption.
Landver currently lives in Ashdod, and is widowed, with one child.

</doc>
<doc id="19835607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835607" title="Douglas Davis (artist)">
Douglas Davis (artist)

Douglas Matthew Davis, Jr. (April 11, 1933 – January 16, 2014) was an American artist, critic, teacher, and writer.
Artistic career.
In 1977, at the opening of documenta 6, alongside Nam June Paik and Joseph Beuys, Douglas Davis took part in one of the first international satellite telecasts with his live performance "The Last Nine Minutes". Davis received grants for his work by the Rockefeller Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts & the Trust for Mutual Understanding, among other institutions. 
Early internet works.
His exploration of interactivity involving various media continued throughout the 1980s and 1990s. He is the author of one of the earliest art pieces on the world wide web, "The World's First Collaborative Sentence" (1994). His early work is featured on his website, "The World's First Collaborative Sentence" (1994), with elements from his exhibition "InterActions 1967-1981". They include critical essays by Susan Hoeltzel, Michael Govan, David Ross, and Nam June Paik. Commissioned by the Lehman College Art Gallery, the "Sentence" was given by its collectors, Barbara and Eugene M. Schwartz, to the Whitney Museum of American Art. In 1997, P.S.1/The Institute of Contemporary Art joined with several other museums to host "MetaBody (The World's First Collaborative Visions of the Beautiful)", commissioned by George Waterman III. In 1997, Davis launched "Terrible Beauty", an evolving global multi-media theater piece. Its "chapters" have been performed before audiences in New York, Dublin, San Francisco, and Berlin.
Teaching and writing.
He taught advanced media at more than 25 universities and art colleges and served as consultant in this field for several corporations & foundations. Davis published the book "Art and the Future" in several countries in 1973. "ArtCulture: Essays on the Post-Modern" (1977), is a book of theoretical essays. "The Five Myths of TV Power (or, Why the Medium is Not the Message)", 1993, focuses on the crucial importance of the viewer, the "human" element in media theory.
Personal life.
Davis lived and worked in New York City until his death on January 16, 2014. He is survived by three daughters. His wife of over 30 years, Jane Bell Davis, died in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19835614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835614" title="Venezuelan people">
Venezuelan people

Venezuelan people are the inhabitants of a multiethnic nation in South America called Venezuela. Venezuelans are predominantly Roman Catholic and speak Spanish. The majority of Venezuelans are the result of a mixture of Europeans, Africans, and Amerindians (49,9% of the population are Mestizos), with a huge amount of whites mainly in Caracas and surrounding regions.
Demography.
The population of approximately 28 million people (in 2006)
made Venezuela the sixth-most populous country in Latin America (after Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Colombia, and Peru).
More than ninety percent of the Venezuelans live in urban areas – a figure significantly higher than the world average. The literacy rate (98 percent) in Venezuela is also well above the world average, and the rate of population growth slightly exceeds the world average. A large proportion of Venezuelans are young, largely because of recent decreases in the infant mortality rate. While 30 percent of the people are 14 years of age or younger, just 4 percent are aged 65 or older.
Ethnic groups.
The country has a diverse population that reflects its colourful history and the peoples that have populated here from ancient times to the present. The historic amalgam of the different main groups forms the basics of Venezuela's current demographics: European immigrants, Amerindian peoples, Africans, Asians, Middle Easterners and other recent immigrants.
Many of the indigenous peoples were absorbed into the mestizo population, but the remaining 500,000 currently represent over eighty-five distinct cultures. The European immigrants were primarily Spanish colonists, but a high number of other Europeans brought by the past high growth (Portuguese, Italian, German, also many North Americans) migrated to the region in the middle 20th century by the Petroleum Growth, and in smaller numbers French, English and Polish communities immigrated during the Second World War and the Cold War.
Black Africans were brought as slaves, mostly to the coastal lowlands, beginning early in the 16th century, and continuing into the 19th century. Other immigrant populations include Asians and Middle Easterners, particularly Lebanese, Syrians, and Chinese.
About 49.9% of the population is mestizo, or of mixed European, African, and Amerindian ancestry, while 42.2% are white of European ancestry and/or Middle Eastern ancestry. Another 3.5% is black, or of mixed black African and European ancestry, while 2.7% is of Amerindian ancestry, and 1.1% other races ( principally Asian people). 
In cities like Caracas, Maracaibo, Maracay, Valencia, Lecheria, Cabudare, Colonia Tovar, Punto Fijo, Porlamar-La Asunción, and the Andean States is concentrated the majority of the Europeans (mainly Spanish, Italians, Portuguese) and their descendants, emigrated in Venezuela after World War II 
Pure indigenous Amerindians comprise 1 percent of the population. There are 101 languages listed for Venezuela in the Ethnologue database, of which 80 are spoken today as living languages.
Indigenous peoples.
Before the Spanish colonization of the region that would become the country of Venezuela, the territory was the home to many different indigenous peoples. Today more than fifty different indigenous ethnic groups inhabit Venezuela. Most of them speak languages belonging to the Chibchan and Cariban language families.
Religion.
The National Institute for Statistics (INE) does not collect religious statistics, and accurate reports are hard to obtain. Based on various studies, more than 95% of the population adheres to Christianity, in which a huge segment of the population, between 81% and 90%, practices Roman Catholicism. About 1% of Venezuelans practice indigenous religions.
Under 1% practice Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, and Buddhism. Despite strong numbers of adherents, around 60% of respondents to a poll by "El Tiempo" report that they do not practice their faith actively.

</doc>
<doc id="19835615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835615" title="Gabbay's separation theorem">
Gabbay's separation theorem

In mathematical logic and computer science, Gabbay's separation theorem, named after Dov Gabbay, states that any arbitrary temporal logic formula can be rewritten in a logically equivalent "past → future" form. I.e. the future becomes what must be satisfied. This form can be used as execution rules; a MetateM program is a set of such rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19835617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835617" title="Diderik Iversen Tønseth">
Diderik Iversen Tønseth

Diderik Iversen Tønseth (24 September 1818 – 12 January 1893) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1862, representing the constituency of Søndre Trondhjems Amt. He worked as a teacher there. He was later elected in 1868, 1871, 1874, 1877, 1880 and 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="19835647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835647" title="2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg">
2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg

The 2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg was a tennis tournament on indoor hard courts. It was the 13th edition of the Fortis Championships Luxembourg, and was part of the Tier III Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place in Luxembourg, Luxembourg, from October 20 through October 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19835652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835652" title="Participation of medical professionals in American executions">
Participation of medical professionals in American executions

Participation of medical professionals in American executions is a controversial topic, due to its moral and legal implications. The practice is proscribed by the American Medical Association, as defined in its "Code of Medical Ethics". The American Society of Anesthesiologists endorses this position, stating "injections can never conform to the science, art and
practice of anesthesiology".
In 2010, the American Board of Anesthesiologists, a member board of the American Board of Medical Specialties, voted to revoke the certification of anesthesiologists who participate in executing a prisoner by lethal injection. Board secretary Mark A. Rockoff defended the organization's policy, stating that participation in executions "puts anesthesiologists in an untenable position," and that physicians "can assuredly provide effective anesthesia, but doing so in order to cause a patient's death is a violation of their fundamental duty as physicians to do no harm."
In at least one case, the planned execution of Michael Morales, the execution warrant was stayed indefinitely due to the objection of the contacted physicians to participate.
The topic was the subject of a 1992 review by the American Medical Association, entitled "Physician Participation in Capital Punishment".
Moral discussion.
U.S. Supreme Court cases discussing the constitutionality of execution methods often involve testimony of medical professionals; one example of such a case being the 2008 "Baze v. Rees" case, which affirmed the constitutionality of the three-drug lethal injection protocol as a method of capital punishment, despite claims that the single drug used for animal euthanasia is more humane than the three-drug cocktail currently used.
One particular concern to opponents of physician participation in capital punishment is the role that health care providers have played in treating or reviving patients to render them fit for execution. In a 1995 Oklahoma case, death row inmate Robert Brecheen intentionally overdosed on sleeping pills hours before his scheduled lethal injection. He was immediately hospitalized and had his stomach pumped, before being returned to prison for his execution. In a similar 1997 case in Texas, David M. Long attempted suicide by drug overdose two days before his execution date and prison authorities flew him from an intensive care unit in Galveston, on a ventilator, accompanied by a full medical team, to the death chamber in Huntsville.
Botched executions.
Possibly botched executions include those of Stanley Williams, Ángel Nieves Díaz, and others. The only execution by lethal injection which failed to kill the condemned prisoner in United States occurred on September 15, 2009 in Ohio, when executioners attempted and then aborted the execution of Romell Broom, leading to the implementation of a one-drug method. More than six decades earlier, on May 3, 1946, an unsuccessful attempt at the electrocution of Willie Francis, then aged 17, led to an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court to reject a second attempt at electrocuting Francis, which failed by a 5-4 vote in "Francis v. Resweber", resulting in Francis' successful electrocution just over a year later, on May 9, 1947.
In many of these executions, the result of the error has been that executions have taken many times as long as they should have – in one case, the execution of Christopher Newton, an execution took up to two hours to complete, fifteen times longer than average; ideally, executions should be completed within about eight minutes. Some have claimed that such executions may have induced "excruciating pain", a possible violation of the Eighth Amendment. This has been argued in the Supreme Court case "Hill v. McDonough". Errors occurring in these botched executions include the incorrect placing of IV lines, and injection of too little anaesthetic, reported in one study to have been consistent with awareness in 43% (21 executions) of the forty-nine executions in the study.
Since the reinstatement of capital punishment in 1976, there have been, according to one study, forty-one possibly botched executions. On, January 7, 2008, the Supreme Court of the United States heard oral arguments in "Baze v. Rees", a case challenging the three-drug cocktail used for many executions by lethal injection. The respondent's lawyer, Roy T. Englert, Jr., referred to the Death Penalty Information Center's list of "botched" executions. He criticized it because a majority of the executions on the list, according to respondent, "did not involve the infliction of pain, but were only delayed by technical problems ("e.g.", difficulty in finding a suitable vein)". However, the petitioners' attorney disagreed.
Legal implications.
Several states which practice capital punishment, such as Georgia and Oregon, have laws forbidding sanctions against medical professionals participating in executions. The North Carolina Supreme Court ruled 4-3 that the Medical Board cannot discipline doctors who participate in executions, stating that the statutes providing for lethal injection are superior to ethical guides.
Proscription in the Hippocratic Oath.
The practice is proscribed in the Hippocratic Oath, an ethical guide for the medical profession, albeit with no legal or constitutional value, which states:
Continuity of ethical discussion.
Despite the constitutionality of lethal injection having been affirmed in "Baze", the ethical discussion surrounding this topic seems unlikely to have been concluded, or, indeed, to be concluded any time in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="19835658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835658" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County, Ohio">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County, Ohio

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County, Ohio.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Shelby County, Ohio, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 19 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19835659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835659" title="Robert Ilatov">
Robert Ilatov

Robert Ilatov (, born 12 November 1971) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu.
Biography.
Born in Andijan in the Soviet Union (today in Uzbekistan) to a Bukharian Jewish family, Ilatov made aliyah to Israel on April 10, 1985. He reached the rank of Sergeant during his military service in the Israel Defense Forces. Ilatov settled in Netanya and entered city politics, eventually serving as Deputy Mayor. Between 2000 and 2006, he worked in public relations for the city's Laniado Hospital.
For the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed ninth on the Yisrael Beiteinu list, and became a Knesset member when the party won 11 seats. During his first term he served as the party's Parliamentary Group Chairman. He retained his seat in the 2009 elections after being placed eleventh on the party's list.
Ilatov currently lives in Netanya, and is married with one child.

</doc>
<doc id="19835669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835669" title="2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg – Singles">
2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg – Singles

Ana Ivanovic was the defending champion, but chose to participate in Linz instead.
Elena Dementieva won in the final 2–6, 6–4, 7–6(4), against Caroline Wozniacki.

</doc>
<doc id="19835677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835677" title="1990 BMW Open">
1990 BMW Open

The 1990 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from April 30 to May 7.

</doc>
<doc id="19835689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835689" title="Concurrent MetateM">
Concurrent MetateM

Concurrent MetateM is a multi-agent language in which each agent is programmed using a set of (augmented) temporal logic specifications of the behaviour it should exhibit. These specifications are executed directly to generate the behaviour of the agent. As a result, there is no risk of invalidating the logic as with systems where logical specification must first be translated to a lower-level implementation.
The root of the MetateM concept is Gabbay's separation theorem; any arbitrary temporal logic formula can be rewritten in a logically equivalent "past → future" form. Execution proceeds by a process of continually matching rules against a history, and "firing" those rules when antecedents are satisfied. Any instantiated future-time consequents become commitments which must subsequently be satisfied, iteratively generating a model for the formula made up of the program rules.
Temporal Connectives.
The Temporal Connectives of Concurrent MetateM can divided into two categories, as follows:
The connectives {◎,●,◆,■,◯,◇,□} are unary; the remainder are binary.
Strict past time connectives.
Weak last.
●ρ is satisfied now if ρ was true in the previous time. If ●ρ is interpreted at the beginning of time, it is satisfied despite there being no actual previous time. Hence "weak" last.
Strong last.
◎ρ is satisfied now if ρ was true in the previous time. If ◎ρ is interpreted at the beginning of time, it is not satisfied because there is no actual previous time. Hence "strong" last.
Was.
◆ρ is satisfied now if ρ was true in any previous moment in time.
Heretofore.
■ρ is satisfied now if ρ was true in every previous moment in time.
Since.
ρ"S"ψ is satisfied now if ψ is true at any previous moment and ρ is true at every moment after that moment.
Zince, or weak since.
ρ"Z"ψ is satisfied now if (ψ is true at any previous moment and ρ is true at every moment after that moment) OR ψ has not happened in the past.
Present and future time connectives.
Next.
◯ρ is satisfied now if ρ is true in the next moment in time.
Sometime.
◇ρ is satisfied now if ρ is true now or in any future moment in time.
Always.
□ρ is satisfied now if ρ is true now and in every future moment in time.
Until.
ρ"U"ψ is satisfied now if ψ is true at any future moment and ρ is true at every moment prior.
Unless.
ρ"W"ψ is satisfied now if (ψ is true at any future moment and ρ is true at every moment prior) OR ψ does not happen in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19835711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835711" title="2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg – Doubles">
2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg – Doubles

Iveta Benešová and Janette Husárová were the defending champions, but Husárová chose not to participate, and only Benešová competed that year.
Benešová partnered with Shuai Peng, but lost in the quarterfinals to Mervana Jugić-Salkić and Aurélie Védy.
Sorana Cîrstea and Marina Erakovic won in the final 2–6, 6–3, 10–8, against Vera Dushevina and Mariya Koryttseva.

</doc>
<doc id="19835727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835727" title="Lia Shemtov">
Lia Shemtov

Lia Shemtov (, born 25 May 1958) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu between 2006 and 2013.
Biography.
Born in Chernivtsi in the Ukrainian SSR, Shemtov studied electronics engineering at Chernivtsi University before making aliyah to Israel in 1980. Between 1990 and 2003 she worked for Amidar. In 1998 she was elected onto the Nazareth Illit local council, and in 2003 became its deputy mayor.
For the 2006 Knesset elections she was placed eleventh on the Yisrael Beiteinu list, and became a Knesset member when the party won 11 seats. During her first term she chaired the committee on the status of women. She retained her seat in the 2009 elections after being placed fourteenth on the party's list. For the 2013 elections she was placed 49th on the joint Likud Yisrael Beiteinu list, losing her seat as the alliance won only 31 seats.
Shemtov currently lives in Nazareth Illit and is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19835760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835760" title="Avalon Code">
Avalon Code

Plot.
The plot centers on a young peasant who has been plagued with apocalyptic and prophetic nightmares for weeks prior to the beginning of the story. The latest dream, shown in the opening cinematic, features a mysterious voice. The voice reveals that the protagonist's world has undergone countless reincarnations in the past and is fated to a cycle of correction, destruction, and rebirth until “true enlightenment” is achieved and that the main character has been chosen by the Powers-That-Be to deem the people, places, and things of the current world worthy (or "un"worthy) of being carried over into the next.
This voice is that of a magical sentient record book called the Book of Prophecy. Taking this tome, the newly appointed Chosen One sets out to find and befriend four guiding elemental Book Spirits who take residence in the Book. Throughout the journey, the Chosen One learns more about a hidden plot to hasten the imminent apocalypse playing out beneath a shallow political feud with the neighboring kingdom and the decisions of the previous Chosen One.
Gameplay.
The plot, as well as the gameplay, revolves around the Book of Prophecy situated on the touch-sensitive lower screen of the Nintendo DS. In order to record a person, monster, plant, or weapon in its pages, the player performs a “Code Scan”, which is done by striking the target to be recorded with the Book itself (mapped to the B button at all times). Locations are filed under the Book's Map section and are added automatically when the player enters the screen for the first time. 
Each page reveals its subject's essential information such as attack strength for weapons; health points for enemies; local lore for maps; and personal tastes and goals for people. In addition, every scannable thing and character has a Code — which is like DNA, but minimalistic and often abstract in nature. This page Code is in turn composed of many Codes, which are exactly what they sound like: pieces of seven different shapes that fit into the Mental Map like pentominoes into a box and radically alter the target's properties.
Creating different combinations of Codes by adding and removing them to attain specific quantities or ratios changes the object's title and, often, effects. Changing titles to remove 'defective' Codes as well as creating 'new' items (usually by following certain obtainable recipes) is a facet of gameplay used in many sidequests and occasionally within the story. An example of Code manipulation is as follows: at one point near the beginning of the adventure, Yumil/Tia's only weapon is a Rusted Battle Sword, where 'Rusted' is a title derived from the presence of three Codes of Illness and three Codes of Copper on the Mental Map. Rempo urges the player to remove the Illness, converting the title to 'Copper' and strengthening the weapon's overall attack power. The player can then add the Illness to a monster's Code, which will lower the health points of every encountered enemy of that species as long as the piece of Illness is contained in their Mental Map. By the same right, transferring Codes of Poison from a sinister character's page to a weapon would give the player the ability to poison stricken enemies.
Each page in the Book of Prophecy has a numerical value of 'worthiness' measured in Code Points, and when the Book's entire value reaches certain quantities, it will level up. In this way the Mental Map undergoes two size upgrades, beginning with a 3x3 square. Specific sidequests and minigame activities are triggered through 'News Flashes' upon level-ups as well. In order to raise page values, the player can, for example, manipulate Codes, examine 'Exploration Points' on a map, present another cast member with things he or she enjoys collecting, defeat a high number of a certain enemy, call on a Spirit for aid, or equip a weapon.
Dungeons.
Dungeons are fairly linear and consist of many linked rooms in which the player must complete a specific task to advance (and determine that page's value). There are several varieties of goals, ranging from lighting torches to flipping switches to defeating enemies. Although there is an onscreen several-minute countdown for each challenge room, the player may still complete the challenge and advance after running out of time with no penalty other than a lower score. Most dungeons, naturally, end with a fight against a boss. Performance is ranked according to a medal system; a good run is rewarded with a gold medal for the room, while an especially poor or slow run may not garner a medal at all. Rooms and bosses may be replayed as many times as the player desires in order to achieve a better score or find hidden bonuses.
After defeating each monster boss in the Boss section of the Book of Prophecy, the player unlocks a new page in a special Book chapter. These pages contain questions about the coming world and the Codes that are inserted as answers serve to determine the aspects of it. Such aspects include the inhabitants' housing and the background music. Answers can be filled in differently as many times as the player wishes, yielding different results with different code combinations.
Romance.
Players familiar with other games by Marvelous Entertainment producer Yoshifumi Hashimoto will likely compare the affection system featured in "Avalon Code" to that of games such as Natsume's "Harvest Moon" titles and the fantasy-tinged RPG spinoff series "Rune Factory", even though the protagonists of "Avalon Code" are too young for marriage. Most human non-player characters can be given gifts, and, as previously mentioned, have different tastes and aspirations.
"Avalon Code" features a total of fourteen 'eligible' non-player characters who may take a romantic interest in the player character as various sidequests are completed. In the course of the campaign, Yumil may date characters labeled as Heroines in the Book of Prophecy (kind but terminally ill orphan Fana, determined heiress Princess Dorothea, guarded psychic Nanaida, precocious elf Sylphy), while Tia may become the girlfriend of one of the Heroes (wary street kid Rex, vigilant aspiring hero Duran, emotionless swordsman Anwar, devoted commander General Heath). Six additional characters become available as love interests after the completion of the main quest: two Book Spirits apiece, along with a Hero and Heroine not listed in the game's instruction booklet.
Most character-related sidequests may be undertaken by either Yumil or Tia even if the character in question is of the same gender as the player or the player already has an 'established' significant other. Developing platonic relationships adds new backstory information to entries in the Book of Prophecy. Every Hero and Heroine also has a particularly gripping personal issue that manifests itself in the form of a locked Code piece. For example, the sword master Gustav's son, Duran, was unable to stop a tragedy that happened before his eyes. A square in his Mental Map is taken up by 1 Weakness that is removable only by helping him come to a better understanding of the past.
Development.
"Avalon Code"'s official character designs were done by the well-known Japanese illustrator HACCAN, while much of the scenery and promotional art is accredited to the Japanese artist group Kusanagi. The opening theme, "Deep Forest", was sung by up-and-coming Japanese pop musician Kana Yazumi who has since done work on the similar "Rune Factory" RPG series.
Reception.
"Avalon Code" on gamesrankings.com with 24 reviews has earned a 74.13% as of August 2, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19835776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835776" title="Bucky and Pepito">
Bucky and Pepito

Bucky and Pepito was a 1959 animated television series produced by Sam Singer.
Reception.
Two episodes appeared on a compilation DVD of the worst cartoons ever made, and it was described by Harry McCracken as setting "a standard for awfulness that no contemporary TV cartoon has managed to surpass".

</doc>
<doc id="19835780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835780" title="Francis Appleyard">
Francis Appleyard

Francis Appleyard (September 26, 1905 – October 12, 1971) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler. He was born in Clifton and died in Stevenage.
Appleyard began his Minor Counties career playing for Hertfordshire in 1931, and continued to play Minor Counties cricket until the outbreak of the Second World War. He made his first-class cricketing debut in 1939 for Minor Counties. During the war, Appleyard made ten appearances for a British Empire XI against various assembled teams.
Appleyard made his County Championship debut in the 1946 season, for Essex. Playing as a tailender, Appleyard finished not out on ten occasions from fifteen innings during the season. Appleyard made four further first-class appearances during 1947, a season which once again saw Essex underperform in the County Championship. Having struggled with the bat, Appleyard did not play again in the County Championship beyond this season.
Appleyard made just one further first-class appearance, for Minor Counties, in 1950.
Appleyard's sons, Peter and John, both played cricket for Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19835811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835811" title="DarkMarket">
DarkMarket

DarkMarket was an English-speaking internet cybercrime forum created by Renukanth Subramaniam in London that was shut down in 2008 after FBI agent J. Keith Mularski infiltrated it using the alias Master Splyntr, leading to more than 60 arrests worldwide. Subramaniam, who used the alias JiLsi, admitted conspiracy to defraud and was sentenced to nearly five years in prison in February 2010.
The website allowed buyers and sellers of stolen identities and credit card data to meet and conduct criminal enterprise in an entrepreneurial, peer-reviewed environment. It had 2,500 users at its peak. 
According to supervisory special agent Mularski of the FBI's Cyber Initiative & Resource Fusion Unit, their undercover operation was "very successful in getting to the upper echelons of the Dark Market group and we were actually able to run the server and host all the communications that were going on there to make our cases." He obtained full access to everyone using the site and what they were doing by securing the server after gaining Subramaniam's confidence.
In Congressional testimony on November 17, 2009, FBI Deputy Assistant Director, Cyber Division Steven R. Chabinsky described the FBI operation: 
In a speech to the GovSec/FOSE Conference on March 23, 2010, Chabinsky related explained 
Another DarkMarket member, Thomas James Frederick Smith, pleaded guilty on June 10, 2010 to conspiracy to intentionally cause damage to a protected computer and to commit computer fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="19835815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835815" title="Auca (cartoon)">
Auca (cartoon)

An auca (, ) is a genre of a story in pictures developed mainly in Catalonia. 
Description.
The auca was present in some other parts of Spain, even though it was most popular in Catalonia. It has a structure somewhat similar to comics, but has more rigid. The auca includes a number of images that can be evenly divided by 4 (usually 48), all images are of the same size, all fit on one page, and there's a small piece of text, called "rodolí" (, plural "rodolins") - underneath every image, usually in the Catalan language and since the 19th century also rhymed.
History.
The auca began as a card game played for money. The cards were possibly also used for divination, judging by the images that initially appeared on them - the Moon, the Sun, stars and animals, among them a goose, which gave its name to the game - "auca" means "goose" in the north-western dialects of Catalan ("oca" in modern standard Catalan). The earliest preserved auca was created by Pere Abadal in 1670 in Moià. The game was forbidden throughout the 17th and 18th centuries and gradually the auca developed into an art form in which all the images appeared on one page and had a unifying theme, initially - arts, crafts, children's games and animals.
In the 19th century the auca reached its artistic peak and developed into a complete art form and publishing niche. The themes of auca stories became more varied and included history, biography, traditional moral stories and fables. It was then that text underneath the images took the form of two rhymed lines. The most important auca artists of that time were Josep Piferrer and Ignasi Estivill from Barcelona and Agustí Laborda and Ildefons Mompié from Valencia. 
The auca structure also inspired Santiago Rusiñol's play "L'auca del senyor Esteve" ("Mr. Esteve's auca"), a down-to-earth, often humorous, story about a business-oriented family who suddenly has to deal with the artistic orientation of the young heir.
Towards the end of the 19th century the auca genre began to wane. Many new aucas were simply repeating older themes. At that time, however, aucas were brought to Madrid, where they were positively met. A series of Castilian aucas called "Aleluya" (Hallelujah) were produced with themes of Catholic holidays.
In the 20th century the auca continued to be a unique Catalan way of expression. Newer aucas are being regularly produced by Catalan artists, incorporating newer artistic styles, but keeping the established form of 48 images with two or four lines of rhymed text.

</doc>
<doc id="19835817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835817" title="Christian Albrecht Jackhelln">
Christian Albrecht Jackhelln

Christian Albrecht Jackhelln (28 July 1784 – 11 September 1868) was a Dano-Norwegian businessperson and politician.
He was born in Aalborg, Denmark. In 1816 he married Anne Fredrikke Winther, daughter of the district surgeon Johan Friederich Winter in Alstahaug. They settled in Bodin, and had several children.
He worked as a merchant. He established his own company, named "Christian Jakhelln", which was taken over by his son Carl Johan (1827–1902), and later by his son Christian Albrecht Jakhelln (1863–1945).
Jackhelln was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833 from the constituency of Nordlands Amt. He was later re-elected in 1845 and 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="19835843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835843" title="1991 BMW Open">
1991 BMW Open

The 1991 BMW Open was a men's tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany and played on outdoor clay courts. The event was part of the ATP World Series category of the Association of Tennis Professionals tour. It was the 18th edition of the tournament and was held from April 29 through May 6, 1991. Unseeded Magnus Gustafsson won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19835890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835890" title="Johan Peter Jacobson">
Johan Peter Jacobson

Johan Peter Jacobson (1857 – ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1900, representing the constituency of Nedenes Amt. He worked as a smith there. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19835901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835901" title="NITEL Vasco Da Gama F.C.">
NITEL Vasco Da Gama F.C.

P & T (later NITEL) Vasco da Gama was a Nigerian football club based in Enugu. It was sponsored by the Post and Telecommunications Department (P & T) of the Ministry of Communications.
The team was a founder member of the Nigerian League in 1972 and took its name from Brazilian squad CR Vasco da Gama [http://www.nairaland.com/nigeria/topic-85936.160.html].
The name changed when NITEL was created from the merger of the P & T with the Nigerian External Telecommunications Limited (NET.) in the mid-1980s.
The team was promoted to the premier league in 1993 after finishing second in the Second Division. However they were relegated after a record of 9 wins 10 ties and 13 losts (41 points)[http://www.rsssf.com/tablesn/nig94.html]. Vasco spent 1995 and 1996 in the second division before its management announced the disbandment of the club late November, 1996. 
In 1997, the team's league slot was bought by the Akwa Ibom government and reborn as the Ibom Stars FC, the predecessor of Akwa United F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19835907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835907" title="KBX">
KBX

KBX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19835917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835917" title="Hans Sivert Jacobsen">
Hans Sivert Jacobsen

Hans Syvert Jacobsen (1836 – ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1898, representing the constituency of Flekkefjord. He worked as a merchant there. He served only one term. He was mayor of Flekkefjord in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="19835919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835919" title="History of the Jews in Mongolia">
History of the Jews in Mongolia

The Mongolian Jews date back to the 19th century trade routes between Siberian-Jewish merchants and the Mongolians. This resulted in some Jewish families entering Mongolia.
History.
Before 1920, most Jews that arrived in Mongolia were of Russian background, and had fled the chaos of the Russian Civil War. Some were even elevated to mongolian nobility as was the case of Zanzer who changed his name in honour of Zanabazar, the first Bogd Khan. Unfortunately, the community was deported from the country after 1921. In 1925-6, a Russian-Jewish journalist came across a community of 50 newly settled families in a remote region of Outer Mongolia approximately 200 miles from the Manchurian border. In 1926, Ulan Bator had a population of 600 Russian Jews who had attempted to leave Outer Mongolia, which was a Soviet satellite at the time.
After the breakup of the Soviet Union.
A number of Jewish citizens left the country in search of better economic opportunities. Some left for Israel, which had a visa agreement with Mongolia.
Present day.
Many Israeli tourists visit Mongolia each summer. Despite that, the Jewish population numbers less than 100. The closest Jewish community with a rabbi is the Siberian city of Irkutsk, whose Chief Rabbi Aharon Wagner wants to maintain close contact with the neighboring Mongolian Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="19835920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835920" title="Burn Rate">
Burn Rate

"Burn Rate: How I Survived the Gold Rush Years on the Internet", by Michael Wolff is the account of Wolff's dotcom company, Wolff New Media, in 1997.
Content.
The "burn rate" of the title refers to the cash drain of the startup company. Most of the plot revolves around Wolff's attempts to get funding from various sources: AOL, The Washington Post and Magellan. Wolff recounts a growing animosity with his financial backers: Robert Machinist, Alan Patricof and Jon Rubin. In the end, Wolff decides to abandon the company, resigning his position, cashing his uncollected salary, and returning to his roots as a journalist, by writing a tell-all book.
In side-light chapters to the "burn rate" plot, Wolff discusses his interactions with Internet pioneers such as Louis Rossetto, his confusion about what the Internet is, where it is headed. In particular Wolff is concerned with how "media" on the Internet compares to traditional edited media, with interactive "chat" being more important than edited story-line content: "people don't read on the Internet".
Publication history.
Burn Rate was excerpted in the June 1998 issue of "Wired". The book was released that fall, and has now had 4 editions and hardback and paperback versions.
Reactions.
In October 1998, Wolff wrote that Isabel Maxwell and David Hayden of Magellan complained about their portrayals. He also notes "letters from lawyers" from Jon Rubin and Alan Patricof. From Robert Machinist, whom he labels as the "larger than life anti-hero" of the book, there was satisfaction at Burn Rate notoriety generating more business.
The Village Voice noted that Wolff had omitted to tell a part of the story of Wolff New Media's implosion: that while Wolff deferring his own salary to keep the company afloat, he encouraged his employees to do the same. When Wolff collected his owed salary and exhausted the companies cash reserves, the rest of the employees were unable to collect their deferred salary.

</doc>
<doc id="19835929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835929" title="David Rotem">
David Rotem

David Rotem (, born 11 January 1949) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu.
Biography.
David Rotem grew up in Jerusalem He attended Horev, a religious elementary School and the Horev Yeshiva High School. In 1967-1971 he studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, gaining an LLB.
In 1972 he became an assistant at the Faculty of Law at Bar-Ilan University, a position he held until 1977. Between 1978 and 1980 he worked as a lecturer on legislative law at the same institution. He has also served as a member of the executive committee of Sha'arei Tzedek Medical Center, and deputy chairman of the Central Elections Committee.
Political career.
Formerly a member of Mafdal, for the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed twelfth on the Yisrael Beiteinu list. Although the party won only eleven seats, Rotem entered the Knesset on 16 January 2007 as a replacement for the deceased Yuri Stern. He retained his seat in the 2009 elections, for which he was placed eighth on the party's list.
Rotem currently lives in the Israeli settlement of Efrat, and is married with five children.

</doc>
<doc id="19835946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835946" title="List of drag queens">
List of drag queens

This is a list of drag queens, sometimes known as female impersonators, drag performers, or drag artists. A drag queen is a person, usually a man, who dresses (or "drags") in female clothes and make-up for special occasions and usually because they are performing and/or entertaining. The term comes from Polari, a subset of English slang that was popular in some gay communities in the early part of the 20th century. Drag meant "clothes", and originated from Shakespeare's time when only men performed live theater.

</doc>
<doc id="19835955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835955" title="Ariël Jacobs">
Ariël Jacobs

Ariël Jacobs (; born 25 July 1953) is a Belgian former footballer and current manager of Ligue 1 side Valenciennes FC
Managerial career.
On 21 August 2013 Ariel Jacobs is sacked as manager of FC Copenhagen as he fails to win in his first five games in the league. 
On 14 October 2013 Ariel Jacobs is appointed manager of Valenciennes FC

</doc>
<doc id="19835967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19835967" title="Colm &amp; Jim-Jim">
Colm &amp; Jim-Jim

Colm & Jim-Jim are Irish radio personalities.

</doc>
<doc id="19836001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836001" title="Chen Tanqiu">
Chen Tanqiu

Chen Tanqiu (Simplified Chinese:陈潭秋, 1896–1943) was a founding member of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
Chen Tanqiu graduated from Wuhan Higher Normal School (present day Wuhan University) after which he played a leadership role in the May Fourth Movement in 1919. Chen then created the Wuhan Communist group with Dong Biwu in 1920. In 1921, Chen and Dong Biwu went to the meeting that established the CPC, later known as the first National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
After he returned from the national congress, Chen continued as the local leader of the CPC. In February 1923, Chen was one of the leaders who organized the February 7th Jinghan Railway Strike that sparked the labor movement nationwide.
Chen Tanqiu was a delegate of the CPC to the Comintern between 1935 and 1939. Chen was also elected to the third, the fifth, the sixth and seventh national CPC congress. However, the delegates of the seventh national party congress weren't aware of his execution by Sheng Shicai in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19836008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836008" title="Daniel Apai">
Daniel Apai

Daniel Apai (born 1977) is a Hungarian professor and astronomer at The University of Arizona. He is known for his studies of exoplanets, planet formation and his contributions to reconcile the properties of planet-forming disks around others stars with the early Solar System. He studied physics at the University of Szeged, Hungary, and received his Ph.D. from the University of Heidelberg in 2004. He was on astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute.
Dr. Apai is author of over 60 professional publications and editor of the book Protoplanetary Dust, published by Cambridge University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19836027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836027" title="Are They Going to Hang My Papa?">
Are They Going to Hang My Papa?

Are They Going To Hang My Papa? is a labor song in support of Bill Haywood, Charles Moyer and George Pettibone, then on trial for the murder of Frank Steunenberg.
It is written from the viewpoint of Haywood's daughter, "little Henrietta". The miners were acquitted.
The author, "Owen Spendthrift", is usually thought to be a pseudonym, but the name is also found as the author of the words to a Scott Joplin song, "When Your Hair is Like the Snow", also written in 1907.
References.
MP3 [http://www.idahoptv.org/productions/specials/trial/resources/AreTheyGoingToHangMyPappa.mp3]

</doc>
<doc id="19836052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836052" title="Octavius Vaughan Morgan">
Octavius Vaughan Morgan

Octavius Vaughan Morgan (1837 – 26 February 1896) was a Welsh-born Liberal Party politician who sat in the United Kingdom House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.
The eighth son of Thomas Morgan of Pipton, near Glasbury, Breconshire, he was educated at Priory School, Abergavenny.
With his five brothers, Morgan founded the mercantile firm of Morgan Bros. of Cannon Street, the Patent Plumbago Crucible Company at Battersea (later known as the Morgan Crucible Company), and trade journals such as the "European Mail", the "Ironmonger" and the "Chemist and Druggist". He served as a captain in the 7th Surrey Rifle Volunteers and was a justice of the peace for Surrey.
At the 1885 general election Morgan was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Battersea. However, his right to sit was questioned in 1886, as Morgan Crucible Co. held government contracts; from which, however, he had disassociated himself before his nomination. Morgan took the Manor of Northstead to resign from Parliament until the question was settled, but was returned unopposed at the ensuing by-election in February 1886. He held the seat at the general election in July 1886, and sat for Battersea until 1892. At the 1892 general election he instead contested the seat of Ashton-under-Lyne, but failed to be elected.
Morgan married Katharine Anne Simkin, daughter of Henry Simkin of Highbury in 1867. They lived at The Boltons. Their daughter Lucy Marianne married J.F.L. Brunner.

</doc>
<doc id="19836062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836062" title="John Appleyard">
John Appleyard

John Appleyard (born July 20, 1938) was an English cricketer. He was a left-arm slow bowler who played List A cricket for Hertfordshire. He was born in Hitchin.
Appleyard made his first cricketing appearance in 1957, at the age of 19, playing for Essex's Second XI, taking two wickets in the first innings in which he bowled. Appleyard appeared occasionally in the Minor Counties Championship between 1960 and 1965 for Buckinghamshire.
Appleyard made his List A debut in the Gillette Cup competition of 1966, and also appeared in the 1969, 1971 and 1974 competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19836066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836066" title="1992 BMW Open">
1992 BMW Open

The 1992 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. It was the 19th edition of the edition of the tournament and was held from April 27 to May 4. Magnus Larsson won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19836109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836109" title="A Real Basket Case">
A Real Basket Case

A Real Basket Case is a mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater. It was published by Five Star Publishing and released on March 21, 2007. It was later re-published in large print in January 2008. The novel follows the story of Claire Hanover who sets out to discover the identity of her husband's killer.
It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. The sequel, "To Hell in a Handbasket" is scheduled to be published in 2009.
Awards and recognition.
Despite the fact that Beth Groundwater won the Princess of Rejection prize from the Sisters in Crime Guppies Chapter for having the second most rejections for her writings in the winter of 2005, "A Real Basket Case" was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.
Literary criticism.
The novel received favorable reviews in several major newspapers. Barbara Bibel from Booklist review commented that, "This will appeal to Desperate Housewives fans and those who like cozies with a bit of spice." Kirkus Reviews called "A Real Basket Case" "A tense, exciting debut."
Author J.B. Thompson praised the novel, saying "Groundwater’s well-crafted characters comprise a nicely balanced cast, and she does a good job incorporating a blend of humor and relationship drama into a deftly twisted plot with the kind of surprise ending guaranteed to satisfy. Quick-paced and well written with clear and comfortable prose, "A Real Basket Case" is a perfect afternoon read for cozy fans," though he also criticized the main character Claire as fallible.

</doc>
<doc id="19836114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836114" title="Alex Miller (Israeli politician)">
Alex Miller (Israeli politician)

Alex Miller (, born 4 April 1977) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu between 2006 and 2013.
Biography.
Born in Moscow, Soviet Union (now Russia), Miller made aliyah to Israel on 29 January 1992. He gained a BA in education with a specialization in electronics.
For the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed tenth on the Yisrael Beiteinu list, and became a Knesset member when the party won 11 seats. During his first term he chaired the subcommittee for alternative energy sources. 
Moved down to fifteenth on the party's list for the 2009 elections, Miller barely retained his seat as Yisrael Beitenu won 15 seats. For the 2013 elections he was placed 33rd on the joint Likud Yisrael Beiteinu list, and lost his seat as the alliance won only 31 seats.
Miller currently lives in the Israeli settlement of Ariel and is married with one child.

</doc>
<doc id="19836188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836188" title="Andrea Mitchell (politician)">
Andrea Mitchell (politician)

Andrea Ruth Mitchell (born 27 February 1956) is an Australian politician. She has been a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since 2008, representing the district of Kingsley.
Mitchell was born in Brisbane, Queensland in 1956 and arrived in Western Australia in 1970 as a teenager. She attended the University of Western Australia (UWA) where she graduated with a Bachelor of Physical Education degree. After completing a Diploma of Education, Mitchell spent 15 years as a high school teacher. Prior to entering politics she worked for the Western Australian Government in the Department of Sport and Recreation. She is a former president of Tennis West and has been a director of Tennis Australia.
Mitchell was first elected to parliament at the 2008 state election. She defeated incumbent Labor MP Judy Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="19836203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836203" title="Yakovlev Yak-100">
Yakovlev Yak-100

__NOTOC__
The Yakovlev Yak-100 was a single engine, transport helicopter developed in the USSR in 1948. This was the Yakovlev Design Bureau's second helicopter.
The Yak-100 (initially designated Yak-22) was developed in direct competition with Mikhail Mil's Mi-1. Bearing a striking resemblance to the Sikorsky H-5 (purely coincidental) the Yak-100 had a conventional main and anti-torque rotor configuration, driven by an Ivchenko AI-26GRFL. The pilot and crewman/passenger sat under a long greenhouse style canopy, enjoying very good visibility.
Flight trials progressed quickly, with the almost ubiquitous vibration being tackled by moving the centre of gravity of the main rotor blades behind their flexural axes. Manufacturers trials were completed in June 1950, with successful State acceptance trials following later that year.
Although successful in trials, the Yak-100 was not put into production because the equally successful Mi-1 had already been prepared for production before the Yak-100 had completed acceptance trials.
The second prototype had 3 seats as well as other minor improvements.

</doc>
<doc id="19836239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836239" title="Baleares-class frigate">
Baleares-class frigate

The Baleares class are a group of five frigates built for the Spanish navy in the 1970s. The ships are a modified version of the American Knox class frigates. The key differences are the replacement of the Sea Sparrow PDMS and ASW helicopter facilities by Standard SAM and associated radars. They received a SPS-52B 3D search radar and one SPG-51 illuminator for the Standard SM-1 medium range SAM, fired from a Mk22 16-round single arm launcher. The SQS-26 long range LF sonar was replaced by a SQS-23G MF sonar, while two Mk25 tubes for Mk37 torpedoes were mounted in the transom. The SQS-35 variable depth sonar was maintained.
The five ships were upgraded several times during their service lives. They received a Spanish TRITAN combat data system and the EW suite was upgraded with Spanish equipment. Mk36 SROC decoy launchers were also added, as well as two quadruple Harpoon launchers amidships. Two Meroka CIWS gun system were also fitted. The old SQS-23G sonar was replaced by a modern DE-1160LF set built in Spain (a larger, lower frequency version of the SQS-56 sonar) and the Mk25 tubes were removed to allow for female crewmember berthing.
The ships have recently been retired, in order to assume the costs of the F100 frigates (the "Álvaro de Bazán" class), which will replace the "Baleares" class on a one to one basis.
Ships in class.
All ships were built in Ferrol. They made up the 31 Escort Squadron, based in Ferrol. The Spanish Navy adopted the Standard SAM, what gave the class an excellent anti-air (A/A) capacity, which the American "Knox" class lacked.

</doc>
<doc id="19836246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836246" title="This Way Up (album)">
This Way Up (album)

This Way Up is singer Chris de Burgh's eleventh original album, released in 1994.
Track listing.
All compositions by Chris de Burgh

</doc>
<doc id="19836251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836251" title="Edyta Górniak (album)">
Edyta Górniak (album)

Edyta Górniak is the self-titled second studio album and first international album by Polish singer Edyta Górniak. It was released in Japan under the name .

</doc>
<doc id="19836266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836266" title="Buck Owens (1961 album)">
Buck Owens (1961 album)

Buck Owens is the debut album on Capitol Records by Buck Owens, released in 1961. It would mark the beginning of a long association for Owens with producer Ken Nelson.
Owens' single "High as the Mountain" reached Number 27 on the Billboard Country Singles charts. It, and "Nobody's Fool But Yours", is included as a bonus track on the 1995 re-issue by Sundazed Records.
Track listing.
All songs by Buck Owens unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19836271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836271" title="Shontelligence">
Shontelligence

Shontelligence is the debut studio album of Barbadian R&B singer Shontelle. It was released on November 18, 2008. However due to low sales, the album was re-released, featuring the new single "Stuck With Each Other", on March 10, 2009.
Background.
Speaking to noted UK R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning 'Blues & Soul' in February 2009, Shontelle described how the album title first came about: "We were actually hanging out in the studio, kinda waiting for things to bubble up - you know, the guys there tend to get a bit silly sometimes with their sense of humour. So one guy somehow comes up with this bright idea - 'Hey Shontelle! Let's play a word-game with your name today! Whoever can come up with the most words using your name gets free lunch!'! So they're like 'Shontel-evator', 'Shontel-evision', 'Shontel-icopter'... Then my engineer, Al, suddenly turns round and says 'Yeah, that's some real Shontelligence there!'... And straightaway everyone in the studio turned around at the same time, and were like 'That has to be your album title!'!"
Reception.
Commercial.
The album was released on November 18, 2008 and reportedly sold 1,000 records in its first day of release. The album sold 4,850 records in its first week, and debuted at #115 on the "Billboard" 200. The album went on to sell 25,000 records by February, 2009. Due to low sales SRC chose to re-release the album only 4 months later on March 10, 2009. The re-release did not sell very well either. Incorporating sales original version and the re-issue of the album. As of July 2009, the record has sold 50,000 copies in the US and 10,000 copies in the UK.
Critical.
The album has received generally mixed reviews from music critics.
Ben Ratliffe of "The New York Times" gave the album a mixed review stating that:
Alex Macpherson of The Guardian gave the album a mixed 3/5 stars stated that:
David Balls of Digital Spy gave the album a mixed 3/5 stars:

</doc>
<doc id="19836292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836292" title="1993 BMW Open">
1993 BMW Open

The 1993 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from April 26 to May 3, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19836310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836310" title="Microturbo Microjet 200">
Microturbo Microjet 200

The Microjet 200 was a French jet trainer designed and built by Microturbo, a manufacturer of turbojet engines. 
Design and development.
Designed by Microturbo, as a vehicle for the small gas turbine engines it produced and as a two-seat lightweight jet trainer. The 200 is a low-wing cantilever monoplane with a retractable tricycle landing gear and a v-tail. It is powered by two Microturbo TRS 18-1 turbojets. It had side-by-side seating for an instructor and student. The all-wood prototype 200 first flew on 24 June 1980. Two pre-production aircraft designated 200B were built of mixed construction and the first flew on 19 May 1983. The project failed to gain any interest and no production aircraft were built.

</doc>
<doc id="19836315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836315" title="Ralph Arber">
Ralph Arber

Ralph Arber (born May 10, 1846) was an English cricketer who played for Cambridgeshire. He was born in Cambridge.
Arber made a single first-class appearance for the team against Surrey in 1871. Arber, batting as a tailender, scored 0 and 6 in the two innings in which he batted, and bowled in both innings, taking figures of 2-29 and 0-22.

</doc>
<doc id="19836320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836320" title="The Sufis">
The Sufis

The Sufis is one of the best known books on Sufism by the writer Idries Shah. First published in 1964 with an introduction by Robert Graves, it introduced Sufi ideas to the West in a format acceptable to non-specialists at a time when the study of Sufism had largely become the reserve of Orientalists.
Shortly before he died, Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such, "The Sufis" can be read as part of a whole course of study.
Summary.
Eschewing a purely academic approach, Shah gave an overview of Sufi concepts, with potted biographies of some of the most important Sufis over the ages, including Rumi and Ibn al-Arabi, while simultaneously presenting the reader with Sufi teaching materials, such as traditional stories or the jokes from the Mullah Nasrudin corpus. The book also gave details of previously unsuspected Sufic influences on Western culture. According to Shah, the Freemasons, Cervantes, Western chivalry, alchemy and Saint Francis of Assisi, amongst others, were all influenced directly or indirectly by Sufis and Sufi ideas, often as a result of contact between East and West in the Middle Ages in places such as Spain or Sicily.
Reception.
The book had a powerful impact on many thinkers and artists when it appeared, including the Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing, the poet Ted Hughes and the writer Geoffrey Grigson.
Lessing described it as "the best introduction to the body of Shah's work", adding that by reading it one was "forced to use one's mind in a new way". "The Washington Post" described it as "a seminal book of the century".
Richard Smoley and Jay Kinney, writing in "Hidden Wisdom: A Guide to the Western Inner Traditions" (2006), pronounced "The Sufis" an "extremely readable and wide-ranging introduction to Sufism", adding that "Shah's own slant is evident throughout, and some historical assertions are debatable (none are footnoted), but no other book is as successful as this one in provoking interest in Sufism for the general reader."
Richard C. Munn, reviewing the book in the "Journal of the American Oriental Society", concluded that "One cannot approach this book either in the role of scholar or in the role of seeker (nut), for the author has cleverly blocked both these 'postural' approaches, much in the same way, one suspects, as a Sufi shaikh would. If the Sufi essence is untranslatable into book form, it naturally remains so, but Idries Shah, by 'playing' with the reader, and 'scattering' his points of information, has perhaps given the reader an inkling of Sufi 'experience'."

</doc>
<doc id="19836341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836341" title="Apocalipsur">
Apocalipsur

Plot.
"Apocalipsur" tells the story of a group of friends in 1991 Medellín, when Medellín was dominated by Pablo Escobar's Medellín Cartel and its rival los Pepes. One of the friends, el Flaco, leaves his home in Medellín for London because of threats against his mother. Before leaving, his friends and his girlfriend give him a great farewell with a rock band included. After a few months he comes back to Medellín, but the city is the same war zone he had left behind. El Flaco’s best friends pick him up at the airport in their "Bola de Nieve," a van in which they have travelled many kilometers together and has become everyone’s refuge.
Awards.
Cartagena Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19836354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836354" title="Stephen Worgu">
Stephen Worgu

Stephen Worgu (born April 6, 1990 in Brass, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Al-Merrikh in Sudan.
Club career.
Ocean Boys (2005-2007) and Enyimba (2007).
In 2006, Worgu was a member of the Ocean Boys F.C. team that won the Nigerian Premier League under the tutelage of former Enyimba International F.C. manager, Maurice Cooreman. Throughout his two-year stay with the Bayelsa State club, the diminutive player enjoyed a low profile rating compared to Ideye Aide Brown, team captain Blessing Okardi and goalkeeper Ikechukwu Ezenwa, before joining Enyimba in July 2007.
Worgu spent one year with Enyimba, which turned out to be a very successful year for the rising star. He lifted Enyimba to the semi-final of the CAF Champions League 2008, their best position since their championship title in 2004. Worgu was the top scorer in the competition accumulating 13 goals, five goals ahead of Daouda Kamilou of Cotonsport Garoua.
Al-Merrikh (2009-2010).
On 22 October 2008, Worgu agreed to a 4-year contract with the Sudanese giant, Al-Merreikh who outbid the Egyptian club Al-Ahly. The deal was worth an estimated $2.5 million, with $1 million annual salary and the remaining $1.5 million to the former club. Worgu cited the favor of the Sudanese bid over others, due to the seriousness of their offer. Along with his compatriots Idahor and Osunwa, Worgu becomes the third Nigerian attacker to join the Al-Merreikh squad that competed in the African Champions' League for the first time since 2003.
At Al-Merreikh, Worgu was given the number 10 jersey, that replaced the number 27 jersey that he wore in Enyimba. With the high salary and the former Champion's league top scoring performance, the expectations were set high for the Nigerian youth star. He got to a slow start, with Al-Merreikh defending their Sudan Premier League title, and he was yet to score a goal in seven premier league and three champion's league matches. On April 21, 2009, in an interview with the BBC, Worgu uttered his struggle to adapt to his new professional destination away from home, citing language and cultural barriers. "Going onto the pitch the fans are singing your name, but I don't know what they're saying, I have to ask a friend," he said.
On April 23, 2009, in the first match following the interview, Worgu managed to score his first goal in the Sudanese league against Al-Ittihad (Wad Medani), where Al-Merreikh won 2/0. Despite his earlier yellow card in that match, Worgu rushed towards Al-Merreikh fans to celebrate his first league goal by taking his shirt off. He was shown a second yellow booking, which warranted him also his first red card in the competition.
Later on in August, Worgu was caught drinking which is illegal in Sudan. The club paid 24 million pounds on his behalf and he punished by 40 lashes.
Al-Ahly Benghazi (2010-2011).
Striker Stephen Worgu agreed to join Libyan side, Al-Ahly Benghazi, from Sudanese giants, Al-Merreikh, for a period of eight months. The deal for Worgu’s move was concluded when Al-Merreikh undersecretary, Mutwakil Ahmed Ali and a representative of Al-Ahly Benghazi of Libya met and agreed on a fee for the short term deal. Worgu, 20, confirmed this after his last game for the Sudanese side when they secured a 3 – 1 win over Hay Al-Arab in which he scored a hat-trick. He is expected to earn as much as $500,000 from the deal while Al-Merreikh will be paid the sum of $200,000.
Return to Sudan.
When the conflict in Libya started, it completely disrupted the Libyan Football league and he was forced to return to his hometown. His Sudanese club El-Merriekh, took him back following the expiration of loan term.
He was a key player in helping El-Merriekh win the Sudanese League, scoring several important goals during the last part of the season. During this time he was invited to the Nigerian U-23 team for the U-23 Olympic qualifying tournament in Morocco.
Position.
Worgu plays in variable positions, but mainly as attacking midfielder or striker.
Career statistics.
"(Correct as of 31/12/2010)"

</doc>
<doc id="19836365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836365" title="Duncan McDonald (Nova Scotia politician)">
Duncan McDonald (Nova Scotia politician)

Duncan McDonald (May 15, 1839 – 1903) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Victoria in the Canadian House of Commons from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Harris, Scotland. In 1869, he married Jessie Agnes N. Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19836370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836370" title="James Allen Byrne">
James Allen Byrne

James Allen (Jim) Byrne (27 January 1911 – 5 September 1975) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Grand Rapids, Minnesota, United States and became a miner by career.
He was first elected at the Kootenay East riding in the 1949 general election, then re-elected there in the 1953, 1957, 1962, 1963 and 1965 elections. Byrne was not in Parliament for one term during this time due to his defeat in the 1958 election by Murray McFarlane of the Progressive Conservative party.
Byrne was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Transport from 1966 to 1968, and also served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Labour from 1963 to 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19836373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836373" title="Timing Is Everything (album)">
Timing Is Everything (album)

Timing Is Everything is singer Chris de Burgh's fourteenth original album, released in 2002.
Track listing.
All compositions by Chris de Burgh

</doc>
<doc id="19836387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836387" title="June Levine">
June Levine

June Levine (31 December 1931 – 14 October 2008) was an Irish journalist, novelist and feminist, who played a central part in the Irish women's movement. She was born and raised in a Jewish family in Dublin, and wrote her first articles for The "Irish Times" when she was still a teenager. At the age of eighteen she married Kenneth Mesbur, a Jewish medical student from Canada. She moved to Ontario and had three children by him. However, the marriage broke down and she returned with her children to Dublin, where she worked as a journalist. She edited the "Irish Women's Journal", and worked as a researcher for RTE for five years. 
She wrote two best selling books, "Sisters", a personal history of the feminist movement, and (with Lyn Madden) "Lyn: A Story of Prostitution". Her novel is "A Season of Weddings". She was also involved with the Irish women's movement, alongside figures such as Mary Kenny, Margaret Gaj and Mary Maher. In 1971 she travelled with other feminists, including Mary Kenny and Nell McCafferty, on the so-called "Contraceptive Train" when they travelled to Belfast to buy condoms.
In 1999, June Levine married her partner of thirty years, psychiatrist Professor Ivor Browne.

</doc>
<doc id="19836390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836390" title="Duncan McDonald">
Duncan McDonald

Duncan McDonald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19836392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836392" title="International BioGENEius Challenge">
International BioGENEius Challenge

The International BioGENEius Challenge is an international competition for high school students that recognizes original research in biotechnology. Held each year at the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) convention and organized by the Biotechnology Institute, it is the most prestigious high school science competition for biotechnology. Held for the first time at the BIO convention in Toronto, Ontario, in 2002, the challenge was initially only for students in Canada, though the United States joined a year later, and in 2008, students from Western Australia were invited for the first time. The competition is largely sponsored by Sanofi company, which hopes to expand it to other countries.
Application and Preliminary Rounds.
Students wishing to participate have to follow slightly different procedures based on their country. All hopefuls, however, must submit an application detailing their research project in mid-November. These applications are reviewed by a panel of judges, usually experts in the field of the project, and, if accepted, the applicants are given at most $200 to fund their project. In April or May, accepted projects are invited to compete in a preliminary round to the BioGENEius international competition. Preliminary rounds have formats similar to that of the actual BioGENEius Challenge, though are generally larger in size as participation in the BioGENEius Challenge is more limited.
Canada.
In Canada, Bioscience Education Canada holds the Sanofi BioGENEius Challenge Canada. In this challenge, Canada is geographically divided into 13 regions, approximately by province, with larger cities being represented as separate regions. In each, a regional competition is held, the winner of which goes on to the national competition, held at the National Research Council of Canada in Ottawa. Participants in the national competition are given an all-expenses-paid trip to Ottawa to compete, though some competitors participate from their hometowns by live video-conferencing. Prior to the 2007-2008 competition, the winner of this competition advanced to the sanofi-aventis BioGENEius Challenge, however, the second place finisher of this competition now advances as well. Notably, as some regions of Canada, unlike other countries that participate in the challenge, allow for teams of more than one student, Canada could end up sending teams of multiple students to the international BioGENEius Challenge, whereas all other participating countries would only send teams of one student. This was, in fact, the case in the 2008 challenge, when Canada sent a team of two. However, no team of multiple students has won the challenge yet, and as such, there has been no significant controversy regarding the matter.
United States.
In the United States, the proposals of up to two students from each state are selected to represent their state at one of six regional BioGENEius competitions. State finalists selected to participate in the regional competitions are given a $400 travel award as of the 2009 competition. In each of the regions, a competition takes place, with the two winners of each advancing to the international competition. The regions are as follows: 
Western Australia.
In Western Australia, there is a national competition, which has a format identical to that of a regional competition in the United States. The two winners of this competition advance to the international competition. They are accompanied to the international competition by a member of Western Australia's Department of Industry and Resources, on an all expenses paid trip.
Eligibility.
Any high-school student enrolled in a high-school science course is eligible to enter the contest. In the United States and Western Australia, entries must be individual, and only one project is allowed per student. In Canada, groups of two are allowed, and some provinces allow groups of up to four. Each project in the competition must research a topic in the field of biotechnology that the students claims is important and relevant, and adhere to the following criteria, to be eligible for the competition:
Judging.
Projects are judged based on four main criteria:
Scientific Merit and Creativity - 20%
Project Execution - 35%
Project Display - 15%
Oral Presentation - 30%
The rules for the challenge have remained essentially constant since the first challenge, with only regulations about the transportation of United States participants to the challenge experiencing any major changes. Each project at a competition is generally judged twice by groups of four or five judges. The student or students give 10 minute presentations to each panel of judges, followed by five minutes of questioning from the panel. There can be a few hours between the two presentations, however, participants must submit a final written report on their research prior to the competition, which the judges read beforehand, so presentations do not generally change significantly during this time.
Locale.
The competition is held each year at the Biotechnology Institutes's BIO convention. The BIO convention typically has many leading scientists and businessmen in the field of biotechnology, and politicians, featured to give lectures to the participants. Because of this, BioGENEius competition participants may often meet with these guests, including, for instance, Arnold Schwarzenegger in 2008. Some past and future locations are:

</doc>
<doc id="19836419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836419" title="Oxford by-election, 1924">
Oxford by-election, 1924

The Oxford by-election, 1924 was a parliamentary by-election held on 5 June 1924 for the British House of Commons constituency of Oxford. 
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) Frank Gray was unseated on petition on 14 May, after his agent had falsified the account for his expenses at the 1923 election. Gray had held the seat since the 1922 election.
Electoral history.
The result of the last General Election;
Campaign.
All three candidates were former Oxford Blues enabling the popular press to dub the campaign 'The Battle of the Blues'.
Former Liberal MP Frank Gray, despite being barred from standing, was still very popular in the constituency and he was active in support of Fry throughout the campaign. During the campaign Fry advocated the introduction of equal opportunities for women, the imposition of responsibilities on the fathers of illegitimate children and the introduction of a tax system that would give privacy and independence to married women.
Result.
The result was a gain for the Conservatives. 
Aftermath.
Bourne would hold the seat at the following General Election;

</doc>
<doc id="19836433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836433" title="Reginald Arbuthnot">
Reginald Arbuthnot

Reginald James Hugh Arbuthnot was an English first class cricketer.
Son of William Urquhart Arbuthnot (grandson of Sir William Arbuthnot, 1st Baronet) and Eliza Jane, née Taylor. Nephew of William H Spottiswoode.
Member of the Madras Legislative Council 1891-1892.
Reginald worked at Arbuthnot & Co.

</doc>
<doc id="19836442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836442" title="2003 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
2003 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 2003 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began on December 4, 2003 with 64 teams and ended December 18 when Southern California defeated Florida 3 games to 1 in Dallas, Texas for the program's third NCAA title and sixth national title overall. 
It was Southern California's second consecutive NCAA title. The team capped off the 2003 season undefeated at 35-0, becoming the third team in NCAA history to accomplish the feat, the first repeat NCAA national champion to go undefeated, and the first team in the NCAA era to be ranked #1 in the coaches poll for the entire season.
Florida made the school's first national championship match in the program's seventh final four appearance. Minnesota also made the program's first NCAA final four appearance.
National Semifinals.
Southern California vs. Minnesota.
Minnesota, making their first NCAA Final Four appearance in program history, played top-seeded USC tough in the first two sets, falling 30-27, 30-28. USC rode the momentum in the third set, winning easily 30-20 to advance to the national championship match for the second consecutive year. USC's balanced attack consisted off three players with double digit kills, including Bibiana Candelas with 12, Keao Burdine with 13 and April Ross with 11. Minnesota was led by Cassie Busse with 23 kills and Erin Martin with 11.
Florida vs. Hawaii.
Florida and Hawaii battled in the second semifinal, with Florida looking to advance to their first final in school history after being 0-for-6 in previous NCAA semifinals, while Hawaii was looking to advance to their first final since 1996.
Both teams played even in the first two games, but it was Florida who won them by the scores of 30-28, 30-28. Hawaii answered back after the break to win 30-23. The 30-23 loss was the first individual game the Gators lost since August 23, breaking their NCAA record of 105 straight game wins. Florida and Hawaii once again played even in the fourth set, but Hawaii was unable to force a fifth set as Florida won the fourth set, 30-28. Hawaii was paced by AVCA National Player of the Year Kim Willoughby and Lily Kahumoku who both had 21 kills.
National Championship: Southern California vs. Florida.
Florida started out the match well by winning the first set off of undefeated Southern California. USC answered back by taking the second set 30-27 and used a 6-0 run in the third set to win easily, 30-19. In the fourth set, USC never trailed and led 22-15 before Florida mounted a comeback to cut USC's lead to 25-23. USC did not let up and won the fourth and final set 30-26 to cap off an undefeated season at 35-0. Florida ended their season at 36-2 with their only other loss coming to USC in the season opening AVCA Showcase tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19836449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836449" title="Mischief Makers (TV series)">
Mischief Makers (TV series)

Mischief Makers was children's television series created by National Telepix that debuted on television syndication in 1960. The fifteen-minute series consisted of shortened Our Gang silent shorts that were originally released through Pathé, as well as various rival Our Gang shorts including Mickey McGuire, Buster Brown, and others. Films Hal Roach's all animal series the Dippy Doo Dads were also occasionally shown. The series ended production in 1961, but continued to be aired by certain local television stations well into the 1970s.
The Series.
The series mainly featured shorts from Hal Roach's Our Gang series, but shorts from other series were also sometimes shown. Each episode ran about fifteen minutes, with the featured short only being about twelve minutes in length (the shorts originally ran about twenty minutes long). 
The shorts were always given a new, relatively simple title (i.e. Every Man For Himself became "Shoeshine Shop"). Most of what was deleted from the shorts were from the first half of the film, though some of the first half were retained in the episodes. The deleted footage sometimes wound up in other episodes, known as 'hybrid episodes'; these contained clips from more than one short. The original inter-titles were usually cut, though a few episodes did retain some of the titles. To compensate for the absence of the titles, most episodes were narrated by two kids who are identified as 'Bobby' and 'Bunny'. Bunny typically used the catchphrase "Skeedly Skeedly!". Carnival-like music (composed by Jack Saunders) and rather innapropriate sound effects were also added onto the films.
Theme.
The animated opening and closing theme featured a song titled "Hip, Hip, Hooray". It was written by Jack Saunders and Phyllis Brandell Saunders. An instrumental version of this song was among the several soundtrack tunes added onto the silent films. 
The animation was produced by Gene Deitch. It featured four animated characters in front of a picket fence doing various activities. The animated characters were a fat kid with a beanie hat (probably meant to be Joe Cobb, a girl (probably Mary Kornman), a freckled-face boy (probably Mickey Daniels), and a dog with a ring around his eye (obviously meant to be Pete the Pup).
Narration.
Most episodes were narrated by two kids identified as 'Bobby' and 'Bunny'. The way the two interact with each other makes it seem plausible that the two are intended to be siblings, with Bobby being the older of the two. When narrating an episode, they typically leave very little space in between their comments. Today, most fans of the Our Gang series who have come across narrated Mischief Makers episodes find the narration to be rather irritating. 
The writers for the narration sometimes gave rather odd names to some of the kids in the shorts. Others however were identified by their familiar names. Our Gang members Mickey, Mary, Ernie, Farina, Jackie, and Johnny all had their familiar names retained. Meanwhile, Joe Cobb was called 'Joey', Jack Davis was referred to as 'Rocky', and Jay R. Smith was called 'Freckles'.
Episode List.
Currently Incomplete
[*] indicates hybrid episode with more than one short used.
Episode production numbers for the following titles are still unknown.
Comedy Capers.
After the cancellation of Mischief Makers, National Telepix produced "Comedy Capers", a spin-off series consisting of various comedy films produced by Hal Roach and Mack Sennett. Top billing for the series went to Laurel and Hardy (even though very few of their films as a team were shown), Ben Turpin, Harry Langdon, Billy Bevan, and The Keystone Kops. Other films shown starred Will Rogers, Charley Chase, Snub Pollard, Billy West, Larry Semon, Clyde Cook, and Mabel Normand, among others. 
The beginning to the opening theme immediately recognized the series as a spin-off of Mischief Makers, as the singers of the theme song mention "The Mischief Makers present...". Although actual Our Gang shorts were not featured on Comedy Capers, the opening theme featured clips from Our Gang shorts Official Officers and Playin' Hookey.

</doc>
<doc id="19836454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836454" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1

These are the results of the men's C-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics. The C-1 (canoe single) event is raced by one-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1992 Olympic competition was in La Seu d'Urgell.
Results.
The 31 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on August 1. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19836501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836501" title="You're for Me">
You're for Me

"You're for Me" is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens, released in 1962.
It was re-issued in 1995 by Sundazed Records with two bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19836507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836507" title="Richard Grant (writer)">
Richard Grant (writer)

Richard Grant is a freelance British travel writer based in Arizona. He was born in Malaysia, lived in Kuwait as a boy and then moved to London. He went to school in Hammersmith and received a history degree from University College, London. After graduation he worked as a security guard, a janitor, a house painter and a club DJ before moving to America where he lived a nomadic life in the American West, eventually settling in Tucson, Arizona, as a base from which to travel. He supported himself by writing articles for "Men's Journal", "Esquire" and "Details", among others. 
Grant's first book "American Nomads" (2003, UK: "Ghost Riders") looks at nomadism and people who choose to live on the road in America. It won the 2004 Thomas Cook Travel Book Award. Grant wrote the script for a BBC documentary called "American Nomads", based in part on the book, which aired in the fall of 2011.
His next book "God's Middle Finger" (UK: "Bandit Roads", 2008) is about the lawless region of the Sierra Madre mountains in northwestern Mexico in which Grant traveled. It was nominated for the 2009 Dolman Best Travel Book Award. Grant co-wrote a screenplay about the Mexican border with Johnny Ferguson and Ruben Ruiz entitled "Tres Huevos/A Burning Thing".
His third book "Crazy River: Exploration and Folly in East Africa" (2011) is about Grant's travels in harrowing situations around East Africa, including an attempt at the first descent of the Malagarasi River in Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19836511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836511" title="Miiluranta">
Miiluranta

Miiluranta is a village in Finland, the municipality of Kärsämäki, Northern Ostrobothnia. It is the youngest village of Kärsämäki. The village was founded after the war. There was a school which abolished in 2006. The book of the village is named "Kylä keskelle korpea" ("The village among backwoods").

</doc>
<doc id="19836524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836524" title="Undisputed (song)">
Undisputed (song)

"Undisputed" is the second promo single off Ludacris' album, "Theater of the Mind". The song features Floyd Mayweather, Jr. The song was released on iTunes on October 14, 2008. 
The song samples "We'll Find a Way" by Edwin Starr and Blinky Williams.
Music video.
A music video was shot for "Undisputed." It features Ludacris, Floyd Mayweather, Jr. and 6-year old boxer Pretty Boy Bam Bam. 

</doc>
<doc id="19836528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836528" title="Arthur Archdale">
Arthur Archdale

Arthur Somerville Archdale, DSO (8 September 1882 – 30 March 1948) was an English cricketer and Royal Artillery officer. He was born in Baldock and died in Camberley. His father was F. Archdale of Baldock; he married Mildred Barbara Funnell in 1907.
Military career.
Archdale was educated at Repton School, the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He was commissioned into the Royal Regiment of Artillery in December 1901. 
At the start of World War I, he had attained the rank of Captain and in May 1915, he was appointed as Adjutant, North Midland (Howitzer) Brigade. In February 1917 he was appointed as Brigade Major. In June 1918, he joined the General Staff as a General Staff Officer, 2nd grade (GSO2) until early 1919.
In April 1922, Archdale was Staff Officer RA, Western Command for just over a year. In August 1924, he once again became a GSO2, until 21 May 1927. For four years until January 1935 he was Commander, 9th Field Brigade Royal Artillery, based at Bulford. From October 1935 until November 1939 he was Commander, Royal Artillery, 42nd (East Lancashire) Infantry Division.
By this time, Archdale was 57 years old and he was transferred to the Regular Army Reserve of Officers (Royal Artillery) in May 1942 and thence, at 60, he was retired, as an Honorary Brigadier.
Cricketing appearances.
Archdale made three appearances for the Army in first-class cricket, as well as two appearances for the Combined Services. Having spent eight years out of the game, he played one miscellaneous fixture for the Free Foresters against the Royal Engineers in 1929.
Honours and awards.
Distinguished Service Order 4 June 1917<br>
Croix de Guerre (France) 17 December 1917<br>
Mentioned in Despatches four times during World War I

</doc>
<doc id="19836535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836535" title="Adem (disambiguation)">
Adem (disambiguation)

Adem is a common given name and surname.
Adem may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19836551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836551" title="Giampiero Simoni">
Giampiero Simoni

Giampiero Simoni (born 12 September 1969 in Porto San Giorgio) is an Italian former racing driver who made his name in Touring Car racing.
Racing career.
His racing career started in karting, becoming world kart champion in 1987. In 1990 he entered the Italian Formula 3 championship
After driving for two years in formula 3000 (1992–93), He stepped up to two years in the British Touring Car Championship (1994–95), driving for the Alfa Romeo works team in an Alfa Romeo 155. In his first year he finished 5th in the championship in a dominant team alongside eventual champion Gabriele Tarquini, winning one race in the season. in 1995 the car no longer had the aerodynamic advantage over other teams and he finished a lowly 17th after only driving a part season. 1995 was also spent driving selected races in the DTM. afterwards, 1996 saw him race in the All Japan GT Championship in a GT500 Toyota Supra. Thereafter his racing activities were sporadic, including a couple of appearances in the 1997 Belgian Procar Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19836571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836571" title="Chasing Yesterday (book series)">
Chasing Yesterday (book series)

Chasing Yesterday is a series of books written by Robin Wasserman. The series follows a girl after she wakes up in the middle of rubble, with no memory of her past. J.D. must find out where she came from. When everyone around her are strangers, who can she trust? Definitely not herself.
References.
Once J.D has arrived at the institute, the nights are long. She knows she has power, but
Is she strong enough to use it? In this page turning book, the ending might just be hidden.
J.D may not know the truth about her past, but she knows she's in danger, and she can't shake the dark visions haunting her dreams. She won't be safe until she figures out who she is and where she came from. She can trust no one, not even herself-especially not herself. Because it turns out that there's one thing even more terrible than forgetting her past: remembering. 
The chasing yesterday series include: 'Awakening', 'Betrayal', 'Truth'

</doc>
<doc id="19836598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836598" title="John Cross">
John Cross

John Cross may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19836628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836628" title="J Archdale">
J Archdale

J Archdale was an English first class cricketer. Archdale made a single first-class appearance for Marylebone Cricket Club against Cambridge University Cricket Club in 1876. Archdale scored 7 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and 0 runs in the second - partnering Derbyshire cricketer William Mycroft in the tailend.

</doc>
<doc id="19836638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836638" title="City of London by-election, 1924">
City of London by-election, 1924

The City of London by-election, 1924 was a parliamentary by-election held on 1 February 1924 for the British House of Commons constituency of City of London, which covered the "Square Mile" which was the United Kingdom's traditional financial district.
The seat had become vacant on the elevation to the peerage of one of the constituency's two Conservative Members of Parliament (MPs), Sir Frederick Banbury, as Baron Banbury of Southam.
Banbury had held the seat since a 1906 by-election, following his defeat at Peckham in the 1906 general election. He had represented Peckham since 1892.
Candidates.
The Conservative Party selected as its candidate Sir Thomas Vansittart Bowater, who had been Lord Mayor of London in 1913. He had stood as an Independent Conservative in the 1922 by-election.
The Liberal Party selected Henry Bell, who was a managing director of Lloyds Bank. This was the first time the Liberals had contested the City since the January 1910 election.
Results.
Bowater was comfortably elected, and would represent the constituency until his death in 1938, precipitating another by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19836650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836650" title="Phil Kosin">
Phil Kosin

Phil Kosin (born August, 1950, died August 10, 2009) was an American journalist, columnist, radio host, commentator, blogger and newspaper publisher from Chicago. In 1989 he founded the "Chicagoland Golf" newspaper, serving as its editor and publisher until his death.
Beginning to write professionally about sports while 14, still in high school and playing them, he became a full-time journalist while in college. From 1975, he started covering golf and had work in many national magazines. 
From 1980-1988, he reported on all Chicago sports and teams, and hosted "magazine" shows on two radio stations. Since 1992, he hosted the seasonal "Chicagoland Golf Show," a talk radio program on CBS Radio-owned WSCR SportsRadio 670 in Chicago. He also covered Midwest events for "Boxing Digest."
Early life.
Phil Kosin was born in Chicago and started playing sports at an early age.
Education and career.
Kosin began covering sports at his high school at age 14 for the City News Bureau and two competing local newspapers, getting bylines in each and earning himself the princely sum of $32.50 a week. He did this while playing on some of those teams and figuring out the balance between being accurate in his stories and getting along with his coaches and teammates.
He continued to write part-time for both local newspapers and freelanced stories to magazines through his college years. He worked full-time in the production department on the third shift at a Chicago daily newspaper while attending junior college, then majored in broadcasting and journalism at Western Illinois University. 
From 1980 through 1988, Kosin reported on all Chicago sports and teams while hosting weeknight “magazine” shows on two radio stations, WTAQ and WMRO. These covered all of the Chicago market under the banner “The Sportsweek Radio Network”. His magazine shows, consisting of lengthy interviews and multiple-guest discussions, were a first on Chicago radio, pre-dating by three years other shows which make the same claim. He served as Midwest writer for "Boxing Digest." He was hired by Eddie Einhorn as a boxing analyst and teamed with Al Bernstein on bi-weekly telecasts. In 1982 they did the first-ever broadcast on the SportsVision pay-TV channel.
At that time Kosin also wrote syndicated semi-weekly newspaper columns, in addition to stringing for "The Associated Press" at major sporting events. On Chicago radio, he pioneered the concept of moving the sports talk show and its guests out of the studio and before a live audience at sports bars. In the early 1980s, he hosted a Sunday night show, "Inside Baseball", co-hosted in alternate weeks by the Chicago White Sox manager Tony LaRussa and the Chicago Cubs manager Lee Elia, depending on which team was in town.
Kosin covered golf since the 1975 Western Open, where he gathered quotes and did sidebars for the AP under the tutelage of the legendary AP sports editor Joe Mooshil. Kosin covered 32 straight Westerns (until its contentious demise in 2006) and more than 500 golf tournaments, including nearly 60 major championships. His work has appeared in "Golf Digest," "Sports Illustrated", "Golf Traveler", "American Bar Association Journal" and the first revival of "Golf Illustrated". An experienced photographer, he took his own photographs to accompany his articles. 
After freelancing for several marginally successful regional golf publications for many years, Kosin became editor of "Illinois Golfer" in 1986. Three years later, in 1989, Kosin struck out on his own, founding "Chicagoland Golf." Since then it has become the longest-running golf publication in Chicago history. After taking it online, Kosin posted articles frequently at the "Chicagoland Golf"Chicagoland Golf.com website, and his blog "Phil Kosin's Worm Castings".
In 1992, he started a non-profit, the Chicago Friends of Golf, Inc., which has provided financial assistance to needy junior golf programs and wherever else needed. In its ”Used Clubs for Kids” program from 1993 through 2006, The Chicago Friends of Golf, inc., collected from readers and redistributed free to needy juniors and junior programs more than 50,000 clubs, 3,500 golf bags, 900 pairs of golf shoes, and over 200,000 golf balls.
In 1993, Kosin wrote an article conceptualizing a golf school limited to beginner adults. He called it the "No Embarrassment Golf School." The model and the name were first used by Jemsek golf courses in the Chicago area to great success. They are now being used nationally, rights-free, as Kosin desired. 
Since 1994, his “Phil Kosin’s Chicagoland Golf Show” was on the air on powerful stations in the nation’s third-largest media market. After three years on WMVP-AM1000 (now ESPN Radio), for the last 13 seasons, he hosted a Saturday morning, two-hour weekend show from March through September on WSCR TheScore, SportsRadio 670AM in Chicago, in addition to being streamed live on the Internet at www.670thescore.com. The Score is also the flagship station for the Chicago White Sox baseball club.
In 1995 Kosin founded the Illinois Women's Open state championship of golf and served as tournament director.
Kosin was a longtime member of the "Golf Digest" Top 100 Ranking Panel. Until his death, he was the only original member on the Illinois Golf Hall of Fame Nominating Committee (1989). He was listed as an Advisory Board member of Illinois' "Hook a Kid on Golf". Always a public golfer, he joked that the only club he belonged to was "Sam's Club". Kosin has served as a consultant to many golf courses. 
Kosin died on August 10, 2009, after a four-year battle with cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19836678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836678" title="Renaissance (The Miracles album)">
Renaissance (The Miracles album)

Renaissance (Tamla T-325L) was a critically acclaimed 1973 album by R&B group The Miracles on Motown Records' Tamla label, noted as the first-ever album by the group not to feature original lead singer Smokey Robinson on lead vocals. Instead, his replacement, new lead singer, Billy Griffin did the lead chores on this album.
History.
Once Robinson decided to retire from the group to concentrate on his duties as Vice President of the Motown Record Corporation, Miracles members Claudette Robinson (Smokey's then-wife) and Marv Tarplin decided to leave as well. Tarplin,after staying for a year, decided to leave the Miracles and began touring and working with Smokey. Claudette retired to concentrate on raising the couple's two children, Berry and Tamla. The other Miracles, Bobby Rogers, Pete Moore, and Ronnie White,decided to conduct a nation-wide search for a singer to replace Smokey. After auditioning several hopefuls, the group decided on Billy Griffin, a native of Baltimore, Maryland. In the 2006 Miracles DVD release "The Definitive Performances (1963-1987)", Miracles Pete Moore & Bobby Rogers, commented that the group decided on Billy because, in addition to being a great singer,he also demonstrated " some writing ability". Smokey Robinson served as the album's executive producer, and took pains to add, in the album's liner notes, that Billy was ""a determined young man with a fresh new sound, who is sure to become dynamic in the industry"". In his answer to "unnamed skeptics" who claimed that The Miracles couldn't make it without him ...his reply was, concerning the new lineup, " All you have to do is listen".
"Renaissance" included several songs from noted writer-producers...including Marvin Gaye, Willie Hutch, Leon Ware, Fonce Mizell, Freddie Perren, Pam Sawyer,and others. Griffin proved to be a more-than-capable lead singer,and Bobby,Ron and Pete's vocal blends were among their best. The album's first intended single was "What Is a Heart Good For" which was performed by the group on a July 13, 1973, telecast of NBC's "The Midnight Special" which marked the group's first national television appearance with Billy... and was hosted by Smokey himself.The Miracles also performed the song on a telecast of Don Cornelius' ""Soul Train"". Radio began playing the uptempo single (Tamla 54240), when it was inexplicably withdrawn, and replaced with a ballad "Don't Let It End (Til You Let It Begin)", which, while not a bad song, may have been a poor choice for the group's inaugural single: the weakest song in an otherwise very strong album. As a result "Don't Let It End" only reached #56 Pop,#26 R&B on the "Billboard" chart,and without a big hit single to promote it, "Renaissance" only reached #174 Pop,#33 R&B on the Billboard album chart. An undeserved fate for an album otherwise filled with potential hits that never saw the light of day as singles, including "Nowhere to Go"...a powerful song featuring all of The Miracles on lead vocals, the Willie Hutch written-and-produced "I Didn't Realize the Show Was Over". (Interestingly, Hutch also contributed to Smokey's first Post-Miracles solo album), and Marvin Gaye's "I Love You Secretly"- a song about inter-racial love. Critics at the time gave the album almost universally positive reviews. However, the group's next album, "Do It Baby", based on their #13 million-selling hit single of the same name, would fare far better. While The Miracles' "Renaissance" had never been re-issued on CD, several of its songs did appear on the 2003 Motown compilation CD "The Miracles-Love Machine: The 70's Collection". However, it was finally released on CD in June 2012 in a CD package, also featuring the Miracles' 1974 "Do It Baby" album. 
External links.
Selected songs from The Miracles' "Renaissance": (1973) From YouTube:
Allmusic- 
The Miracles: Renaissance - reviews:

</doc>
<doc id="19836689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836689" title="And a body to remember with">
And a body to remember with

and a body to remember with is a book of short stories by the Chilean-Canadian writer Carmen Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="19836700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836700" title="Julius Nicolai Jacobsen">
Julius Nicolai Jacobsen

Julius Nicolai Jacobsen (19 May 1829 – 25 December 1894) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician. Based in Græsvig, a settlement built around his sawmill "Græsvig Brug", he founded the company "J. N. Jacobsen & Co." which was successful during his lifetime.
He was born in Strømsø as the son of a sexton. He moved to Fredrikstad (then Fredriksstad) in 1848, working for merchant Peter Gellertsen. He then became a self-made businessman, settling at the property Lykkeberg which he bought in 1855. Having amassed a large property at Græsvig in Onsøe outside of Fredrikstad through transactions in 1856 and 1859, he founded a sawmill "Græsvig Brug" on 1 January 1860, the same day as national sawmill privileges limiting private enterprise were abolished. The sawmill was a catalyst of growth, spurring a significant immigration to the district. For the children of workers at the sawmill, a school was founded in 1862. Later followed a gospel hall in 1866 and a chapel in 1884. The company was renamed "J. N. Jacobsen & Co." in 1863, his brother entering as a business partner.
Jacobsen served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1877–1879, representing the constituency of Fredriksstad. He was also a member of the city council's executive committee from 1868 to 1894, and served as deputy mayor for some time.
In 1858 he married Olivia Bredesen, born in 1841 in Sør-Odal. Jacobsen subsequently ordered the erection of a new house at Lykkeberg, drawn in Gothic style by the nationally known architect Paul Due. The house was finished in 1875. However, Olivia died in 1879 after giving birth to their eighth child. A local urban legend has it that she haunts the house.
Jacobsen was proclaimed Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1882 and Commander of the same order in 1894. The city council named a street in Fredrikstad after him in 1894, while he was still alive. Following his death later that year, "J. N. Jacobsen & Co." was transformed to a limited company. His brother took over the leadership, together with Julius' son-in-law J. C. Juel. The youngest son Andreas Julius Jacobsen was involved from 1907.
Facing the economic hardships of the time, "J. N. Jacobsen & Co." went bankrupt in 1926, under the leadership of Andreas Julius Jacobsen. The assets were seized, and even the house at Lykkeberg was sold, the buyer being Fredrikstad municipality who used it as their seat of administration.
His daughter Elna (1870–1958) was married to sports official Johan Sverre between 1893 and 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19836704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836704" title="1848 in India">
1848 in India

Events in the year 1848 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19836720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836720" title="Audley Archdall">
Audley Archdall

Audley Archdall (6 June 1826 – 27 February 1893) was an Irish cricketer. He was born in Ballacassidy and died in Newent.
Archdall made his sole first-class appearance for Gentlemen of Kent against Gentlemen of England in 1851. Batting in the tailend, Archdall scored a duck for the team, though his Kent team still secured an innings victory.
The following season, Archdall made an appearance for I Zingari against Phoenix. In the only innings in which he batted, he scored a duck. He took one wicket during the match, that of DG Monson.

</doc>
<doc id="19836776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836776" title="LANGERLAND.TV">
LANGERLAND.TV

LANGERLAND.TV is a ten-part satirical television programme broadcast in Ireland on RTÉ Two. It began on 8 September 2008.
Based upon a similar premise to that of the award-winning website LangerLand.com, the show follows on from the successful online cartoon "Top 10: What Have the Brits Ever Done For Us?". The online version was produced in a grotty warehouse in West Cork. The television series asks the same question of the typical Irish terms, including the Church, the Dubs, the GAA, the IRA, the Yanks, the Gardaí, the Celtic Tiger, the Irish language and RTÉ. Each episode is available for viewing online within Ireland for 21 days after initial broadcast.
The series is written and produced by Aidan O'Donovan and Colm Tobin. The animation and compositing is done by Kevin Nolan, Paul Madden and Eoin Whelehan. The series is executively produced by Darren Smith and co-produced by Red Gorilla Productions and Kite Entertainment for RTÉ. Theme music is provided by Nine Wassies from Báinne.

</doc>
<doc id="19836779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836779" title="Aaron Maybin">
Aaron Maybin

Aaron Michael Maybin (born April 6, 1988) is an American football linebacker with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He played college football for Penn State University, and received All-American honors. He was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
College career.
Maybin attended Pennsylvania State University, where he played for coach Joe Paterno's Penn State Nittany Lions football team from 2006 to 2008. He redshirted during the 2006 season. He had 12 tackles, with 4.5 tackles for losses, one forced fumble and one pass breakup in 2007. He was fourth on the team with four sacks and was named to the "Sporting News" Freshman All-Big Ten team.
Maybin had a breakout season in 2008. He was selected as the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week following a six-tackle, two-sack performance in Penn State's 48–7 defeat of Wisconsin, in which he also forced two key fumbles. He was named a Mid-season All-American by "Sports Illustrated", "College Football News" and CBS Sports. At season's end, he was named an All-American and a consensus first team All-Big Ten selection.
Maybin was on the 2008 Walter Camp Award watchlist and was one of three finalists for the 2008 Ted Hendricks and Chuck Bednarik awards, awarded annually to collegiate football's top defensive end and defensive players, respectively. He was named the Pigskin Club of Washington, D.C. National Defensive Player of the Year.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
On January 9, 2009, Maybin indicated he would be going pro and make himself available for the 2009 NFL Draft. He was projected as a Top-10 pick. Maybin trained for the NFL Scouting Combine at Power Train Sports Performance in Millersville, Pennsylvania.
Buffalo Bills.
On August 21, 2009, Maybin agreed to a five-year deal with the Buffalo Bills after being drafted with the 11th pick in the first round. He finished the season with 18 tackles and zero sacks while playing in all 16 regular season games during his 2009 rookie year.
In his second season, Maybin was considered a disappointment. Through six games, he played on only 66 downs, with five tackles and zero sacks. He was deactivated as a healthy-scratch for the team's sixth game at Baltimore.
On August 15, 2011, Maybin was waived by the Bills.
New York Jets.
The New York Jets signed Maybin to a one-year contract for the league minimum on August 17, 2011. He was waived on September 4, 2011. Maybin was re-signed by the Jets on September 28, 2011.
In his first regular season game with the Jets, Maybin recorded his first career sack, a strip-sack, against Joe Flacco on October 2, 2011. Maybin recorded his second career sack, another strip sack, on October 17 against Matt Moore. He recorded another sack for the second consecutive week on October 23 against Philip Rivers. Maybin recorded the first two-sack game of his career against the Bills, on November 27, 2011. On December 4, 2011 against the Washington Redskins, Maybin sacked Rex Grossman and forced a fumble that was recovered by Calvin Pace. After that the Jets went on to win the game 34–19. Maybin's ability to get to the quarterback made it difficult for some offensive linemen to contain him, resulting in his team leading 6 sacks in 2011.
Maybin was released by the Jets on November 13, 2012. Maybin, in limited playing time, recorded one tackle and no sacks and was credited with nine quarterback hits through ten games.
Cincinnati Bengals.
On January 25, 2013, Maybin was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals to a Reserve/Future contract. On August 18, 2013, he was released by the Bengals.
Toronto Argonauts (CFL).
On October 27, 2013, the Toronto Argonauts announced that they had signed Maybin. He was added to their practice roster.
Personal.
Maybin was born to Constance and Michael Maybin in Baltimore. He was diagnosed with borderline attention deficit disorder when he was young. His parents sought out alternatives to drug treatment which included sketching, sculpting, wrestling, baseball and football, which he began play at the Pee-Wee level at the age of 5. When Maybin was 6, his mother suffered preeclampsia that complicated childbirth. Though doctors were able to revive his stillborn sister, Constance Jr., his mother died after going into cardiac arrest. His father later remarried to an English missionary, Violette Grant, whom Maybin calls his mother. He attended Mount Hebron High School in Ellicott City.
Maybin has a daughter, Tacori, who was born in July 2010. She was born shortly after his son was stillborn. Maybin's cousin, Cameron is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the San Diego Padres.
While at Penn State, Maybin spoke frequently by phone with former Nittany Lion linebacker LaVar Arrington. The two first met during Arrington's stint with the Washington Redskins, when Maybin was playing at nearby Mount Hebron High School. Arrington has joked about knowing Maybin "before he had muscles." Arrington now serves as Maybin's manager.
In 2009 Maybin founded Project Mayhem, a charitable organization established to “provide aid, both personal and economic, to help underprivileged and at risk youth excel beyond their current conditions.”
Maybin was roommates with linebacker NaVorro Bowman while at Penn State. He was pursuing a double major in communications and integrative arts. Maybin became a member of the Delta Theta chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity in April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19836786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836786" title="Mohammad Jafar Kalani">
Mohammad Jafar Kalani

Mohammad Ja'far Kalani (born May 1, 1928) was the Iranian record holder in the small rifle 50m prone shooting category, with a record of 591 (out of a maximum of 600).
Shooting career.
He started shooting at the age of 33, when most sportsmen in this field retire. He was a member of the Iranian shooting team at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics and in 1967, he matched the Asian record in 50 m prone category that was set in the Bangkok Asian Olympics with a score of 585. He was the Iranian record holder for 11 years.
Later life.
He spent most of his career working for sports-related organisations. As well as working in Tarbiate Badani physical education organization, he was the Head of the accounting department for football, weightlifting, and wrestling federations in Iran. He was the organiser of the 1974 Munich Olympics readiness camp and many other camps for different sports. After retiring in 1975, he continued to work part-time with football, shooting and horse riding federations.

</doc>
<doc id="19836798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836798" title="What's So Different?">
What's So Different?

"What's So Different?" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine. It was the second single for his second album "100% Ginuwine". The song peaked one position below the Top 20 as an R&B hit and peaked within the Top 50 portion as a pop hit. "What's So Different" lyrically describes the narrator questioning his lover who is cheating on her boyfriend to be with him. He claims that if she is cheating on another man to be with him, she may also cheat on him to be with someone else. The music video was directed by Francis Lawrence. "What's So Different" samples the Monkees 1968 #3 U.S. single, "Valleri."
Single track listing.
CD single

</doc>
<doc id="19836838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836838" title="Self-locating datum marker buoy">
Self-locating datum marker buoy

A self-locating datum marker buoy (SLDMB) is a drifting surface buoy designed to measure surface ocean currents. The design is based on those of the Coastal Ocean Dynamics Experiment (CODE) and Davis-style oceanographic surface drifters – National Science Foundation (NSF) funded experiments exploring ocean surface currents. The SLDMB was designed for deployment by United States Coast Guard (USCG) vessels in search and rescue (SAR) missions, and is equipped with a Global Positioning Satellite (GPS) sensor that, upon deployment in fresh- or saltwater, transmits its location periodically to the USCG to aid in SAR missions. Additionally, SLDMB are deployed in oceanographic research in order to study surface currents of the ocean. This design has also been utilized by Nomis Connectivity for secure ocean based communications.
Design.
The SLDMB is based on the Davis-style drifter design, which attempts to minimize the effects of wind and surface waves. This is accomplished by reducing the area above the ocean surface to small floats and an antenna. Below the surface is a series of drogue vanes to 70 cm. (less than the 1 m Davis-style buoy) in depth, which catch the ocean current, along with electronic equipment that deploys the vanes and antenna, receives the GPS signal and transmits the location to the USCG.
SLDMB construction varies by manufacturer, but those used by the USCG consists of four orthogonal drag vanes 0.5m wide and 0.7m high of nylon fabric. These are supported by PVC arms at top and bottom, which extend from a cylindrical hull that contains the electronic equipment. Small floats are attached to the end of each upper arm in order to maintain buoyancy, and a small antenna projects above the SLDMB.
Deployment of the SLDMB may be accomplished by aircraft (both fixed-wing and rotary) or by ship. SLDMB deployed by aircraft are encased in a tube and attached to a parachute which decreases the impact produced upon hitting the water but without so much drag that the buoy can drift off-course according to USCG SAR guidelines. Upon reaching the ocean surface, the outer casing and parachute break away from the SLDMB, and the spring-loaded antenna deploys. Electronics consist of a GPS receiver, electronic transmitter and sufficient batteries to provide continuous data collection for a period of two weeks to one month.
The METOCEAN iSLDMB which received the Canadian Coast Guard Award in 2012 has the following dimensions and equipment:
Search-and-rescue application.
Because it has a small above-water surface and high underwater surface area, the effect of surface winds and waves has a negligible effect, instead moving with the flow of the upper 1m of the water column. The USCG has found that this instrument behaves as a 'zero-leeway' object, moving with the top meter of the water column, with no additional motion due to the direct effect of the wind on the SLDMB's exposed areas. The USCG maintains several hundred SLDMBs for deployment and responds to more than 5,000 SAR cases each year. In the year 2006, more than 400 SLDMBs were deployed in SAR applications, with an average lifetime of 22 days.
The USCG may release SLDMBs at their discretion to aid in search efforts. In remote areas, SLDMBs are deployed via C-130 aircraft or helicopters. The GPS unit on each SLDMB calculates its position every 30 minutes, and transmits the data via the ARGOS data collection system to USCG Operational Support Center (OSC). During high traffic periods, the USCG may pre-deploy units in order to have existing data in areas where SAR operations are more likely, reducing the time required to collect ocean current data during the SAR process.
SLDMB may be released as single units or as a group, depending on the situation required. In cases where the last known position is known and the time lag to SLDMB deployment are minimal, only a single unit may be necessary. However, if a sufficient time lag exists, or the last known position is not available, multiple SLDMBs should be used. An example of this second case would be a downed fishing vessel, in which only the approximate area of the vessel is known.

</doc>
<doc id="19836877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836877" title="Hattersley Memorandum">
Hattersley Memorandum

The Memorandum by Her Majesty's Government on the Report of the Constitution Committee, or the Hattersley Memorandum for short (by Roy Hattersley, Minister of State, Foreign and Commonwealth Office of the United Kingdom), dated 26 June 1976, was the answer of the Labour British Government to proposed constitutional changes in Gibraltar ruling out the possibility of integration of Gibraltar with the United Kingdom.
In September 1975, Roy Hattersley (a Minister in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office) had visited Gibraltar and made it clear that the integration with the United Kingdom was not an option for Gibraltar.
However, during early 1976, a Gibraltarian inter-party Constitution Committee began to work on a proposal of constitutional changes that involved a further integration of Gibraltar with the United Kingdom. A delegation of the Constitution Committee visited London in June 1976, but were unable to convince the United Kingdom Government which, as response, issued a memorandum dated 26 June 1976 rejecting the proposals on the grounds of "avoid innovations which might result in prolongation of the frontier restrictions imposed by Spain". The memorandum ruled out the option of integration of Gibraltar with the United Kingdom.
Apart for removing such an option from the constitutional and political development of Gibraltar, it effectively disbanded the Integration with Britain Party, which had been in office from 1969 to 1972, and was the main supporter of the integration of Gibraltar into the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19836880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836880" title="Karl Humenberger">
Karl Humenberger

Karl Humenberger (25 October 1906 – 28 December 1989) was an Austrian association football player and manager, the brother of fellow player Ferdinand Humenberger.
Career.
Club career.
Humenberger played in Austria for Floridsdorfer AC and Admira Vienna, in Switzerland for FC Zürich, and in France for RC Strasbourg and AS Saint-Étienne.
International career.
Humenberger earned one cap for the Austrian national side in 1928.
Coaching career.
Humenberger managed in a number of European countries, including Austria (with SC Ortmann and Austria Salzburg), the Netherlands (with Ajax), and in Belgium (with Royal Antwerp). With Ajax he won the championship in the first professional season (1956–57).

</doc>
<doc id="19836892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836892" title="Zabeel Investments">
Zabeel Investments

Zabeel Investments is private investment vehicle for Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed, Crown Prince of Dubai and chairman of the Dubai executive Council. Zabeel is also a community in Dubai.
Founded in February 2006, Zabeel Investments is a Dubai-based diversified investment company focused on the areas of commercial real estate development and management, private equity and asset management across a wide range of economic sectors in the UAE. 
From its base at Dubai International Financial Centre, Zabeel Investments has built up an AED 12.4 billion portfolio in its first year, incorporating property development, construction, hospitality, media, finance and education.
In the first quarter of 2007, Zabeel Investments made significant headway into the financial sector, investing in Abraaj Capital, the region’s leading private equity firm. More recently, the company invested in DICAM’s US$2 billion Global Strategic Equities Fund. DICAM is the asset management subsidiary of Dubai International Capital LLC.
On the development front, Zabeel Investments’ Tiara Residence, an AED 2.1 billion residential, hospitality and lifestyle project, is poised to become one of the premier properties on the Palm Jumeirah. The project will incorporate a 309-room luxury hotel, a fully fledged spa, a pristine private beach and exquisitely landscaped gardens. 
In addition, Zabeel Investments has entered into a joint venture with United Holdings to build the AED 1.75 billion Tiara United Towers, a landmark commercial and leisure project on Sheikh Zayed Road. The visually striking twin towers will represent a design first for the region.
Looking to diversify its portfolio further, Zabeel investments recently acquired Electric Orange, a boutique visual communications agency which has since been rebranded as Zed Communications. The company’s acquisition and development plans will continue apace in 2007, with a number of exciting projects in the pipeline
on 27 December 2010 Jumeirah Group, the Dubai-based luxury hospitality company and member of Dubai Holding, has been appointed by Zabeel Properties, a subsidiary of Zabeel Investments, LLC to manage Jumeirah Zabeel Saray. The new 5-star hotel, located on the west crescent of Dubai’s Palm Jumeirah, is scheduled to open its doors to the first guest in January with the opening party planned for 4 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19836899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836899" title="Welsh Harlequin">
Welsh Harlequin

The Welsh Harlequin is a breed of domestic duck originating in Wales. In 1949, in Criccieth, Group Captain Leslie Bonnet discovered a color mutation among his flock of Khaki Campbells and began breeding selectively for the trait. By 1968, hatching eggs were exported to the United States, followed by the importation of live birds in 1981.
Today, the Welsh Harlequin is a light-weight duck breed known for its vivid plumage and egg laying ability. Welsh Harlequins weigh 5 to 6 pounds (2-3 kilos). Females have a black bill, and their plumage is a creamy white color bearing brown stippling, with brown wings edged in white. Drakes are similar to a faded Mallard with a yellow bill, although their wings may have green edging.
The birds produce a lean carcass and are active foragers, though they are sometimes more vulnerable to predators such as birds of prey due to their light coloration. The egg laying ability is highly valued as the production exhibited by some hens rivals rivals that of chickens. The breed is prone to broodiness and a pair can easily produce young without human interference. They have become a popular backyard pet in recent years due to the bird's calm demeanor and egg production.
The Welsh Harlequin was admitted to the American Poultry Association's Standard of Perfection in 2001. The breed is considered to be critically endangered in North America by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, with only 188 breeding birds found in a 2000 census.

</doc>
<doc id="19836904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836904" title="List of Brazilian records in swimming">
List of Brazilian records in swimming

The Brazilian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Brazil, which are recognised and ratified by Brazil's national swimming federation: Confederação Brasileira de Desportos Aquáticos (CBDA).
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
The stroke names in Portuguese are:

</doc>
<doc id="19836913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836913" title="Lute Boone">
Lute Boone

Lutellus Joseph "Lute" Boone (May 6, 1890 to July 29, 1982), was a Major League Baseball infielder who played from to with the New York Yankees and in with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He batted and threw right-handed. Boone had a .209 career batting average. He was born and died in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Lute Boone replaced Honus Wagner as shortstop after his retirement from the Pittsburgh Pirates. He worked after his baseball career ended as a pattern maker for the Mesta Machine Company in Homestead, Pennsylvania a suburb of Pittsburgh.
From 1960 to 1962, Boone was the president of the Pittsburgh Professional Baseball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19836916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836916" title="Graeme Archer">
Graeme Archer

Graeme Francis Archer is a former English first-class cricketer. A middle order batsman, he played a hundred first class matches for Nottinghamshire from 1992 to 1999. He was awarded his Nottinghamshire cap in 1995. He later played Minor Counties Championship cricket for Staffordshire and Cheshire and club cricket in the Derbyshire Premier Cricket League. 
He made a bright start to his career, averaging 47.5 in seven matches in his debut season in 1992, but found runs harder to come by in 1993. He established himself as a regular in 1994 and excelled in 1995, passing 1,000 runs for the first time in scoring 1,171 at 40.37. He built on this with 918 at 43.71 the following year, but despite having his best one day season in 1997, scoring 489 runs at 44.45 with two centuries, his performances fell away and after three years of averaging under thirty in the County Championship he was released. He scored ten first class hundreds in all, with a best of 168 against Glamorgan, one of three centuries he recorded against the Welsh team.

</doc>
<doc id="19836922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836922" title="Piromalli 'ndrina">
Piromalli 'ndrina

The Piromalli 'ndrina is one of the most powerful clans of the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal and mafia-type organisation in Calabria, Italy. The 'ndrina is based in Gioia Tauro on the Tyrrhenian coast. The Piromalli's are allied with their relatives of the Molè family, also from Gioia Tauro. Often they are referred to as the Piromalli-Molè clan. The Piromalli clan contains more than 200 members.
Rise to prominence.
The Piromalli-Molé clan was involved in a bloody feud with the Ventre-Carlino clan in the 1950s, in which Antonino Piromalli, a brother of Girolamo "Mommo" Piromalli, was killed in 1956. The clan rose to prominence under the rule of the brothers "Mommo" Piromalli and Giuseppe "Peppe" Piromalli. Together with Antonio Macrì from Siderno on the Ionic coast and Domenico "Mico" Tripodo, the boss of the city of Reggio Calabria, the elder Piromalli brother "Mommo" formed a sort of triumvirate since the beginning of the 1960s until the outbreak of the first 'Ndrangheta war in the mid-1970s. Their senior position was recognized by all other family chiefs and their advice was in most cases followed without protest.
When Girolamo Piromalli died of natural causes in 1979, his brother succeeded him as head of the clan. Since the mid-1970s, according to several pentiti, members of the Piromalli family and the Nirta family from San Luca rotated among themselves the position of capo crimine. In Gioia Tauro, blood relatives of the Piromalli long represented the interest of the clan in the city council. Peppe Piromalli was captured on February 24, 1984. At age 83, he died on February 19, 2005 and his nephew Giuseppe Piromalli succeeded him. 
Giuseppe was a fugitive since 1993 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his capture in March 1999. While in the strict Article 41-bis prison regime he nevertheless keeps on conducting his business and direct the clan outside. The Piromalli clan tried to relax the strict regime for their boss. One of the plots was to deliver votes to Berlusconi’s People of Freedom (Il Popolo della Libertà, PdL) coalition during the election campaign in 2008 in return for a relaxation of Piromalli’s prison stature. Their go-between Aldo Micciché, a businessman who moved to Venezuela after being convicted of fraudulent bankruptcy in Italy, planned to fill in 50,000 blank ballot slips for Italian voters in Latin America obtained from corrupt officials. Micciché asked two leading members of the Piromalli clan to visit Marcello Dell'Utri – Berlusconi's right-hand man – at his Milan office.
Entrepreneurial mafia.
The Piromallis redirected the 'Ndrangheta clan from its rural base to an entrepreneurial criminal organisation assuming dominance over several public works in the Gioia Tauro area, particularly in the construction and operation of the new container seaport. When in 1974 businesses involved in the expansion of the port and steelworks in Gioia Tauro offered a three per cent kickback to be left in peace the three leading 'Ndrangheta families at the time, Antonio Macrì, the Piromalli brothers and the De Stefano brothers rejected the offer and wanted to be sub-contracted on work carried in order to control the projects. 
The subcontracts for the steelwork in Gioia Tauro, whose total value reached the astronomic amount of US$3.8 billion were largely distributed on the basis of territorial criteria. More than half the contracts were granted to the Piromalli family, which dominated the area where the steelwork was supposed to be built. The managers of the consortium responsible for the completion of the port and the steelworks made Gioacchino Piromalli an official associate – the company subsequently did not suffer from extortion or inflicted damage of any kind in an area where the previous 154 explosive attacks were committed. 
The 'Ndrangheta exploited the construction of the steelworks until the project was abandoned when the government decided there was no economic base for it. In 1977 disagreements about business interests emerged between Piromalli and the De Stefano clan. A hit squad headed by Peppe Piromalli killed the clan's boss Giorgio De Stefano. Some 1,000 people were killed in clan wars over the construction contracts.
Controlling the Gioia Tauro port.
The Piromalli clan managed to condition the management of the new container terminal in the port of Gioia Tauro. Established in the mid-1990s, it became the largest terminal in the Mediterranean, moving over 2 million containers in 1998. Since 1994, when Contship Italia rented the port area to start transhipment activity and the Medcenter Container Terminal was set up thanks to 138 billion lire (about US$86 million) in state financing, the Piromalli’s obliged the Medcenter company, through its vice president Walter Lugli, and the Contship company, through its president Enrico Ravano, to pay a kickback of US$1.50 for each transhipped container, a sum which corresponded to about half the net profits earned by the two companies.
Additionally, the Piromalli’s desired contracts, subcontracts, and jobs in the two firms that run the port, as well as from other companies in the surrounding area. Despite subscribing to an anti corruption pact with the government, the managers of both Contship and Medcenter gave in to the demands. The arrest warrant issued in January 1999 against members of the Piromalli group stated that the two companies contracted firms indicated by the clan (and in some cases belonging to it) in the port-servicing activities and hired people recommended by the Piromalli clan, reinforcing the clan’s power in the Gioia Tauro plain.”
In February 2008 the parliamentary Antimafia Commission concluded that the ‘Ndrangheta “controls or influences a large part of the economic activity around the port and uses the facility as a base for illegal trafficking.” In its report it said that “the entire gamma of internal or sub-contracted activities is mafia-influenced, from the management of distribution and forwarding to customs control and container storage.” The extortion of Ravano and Contship, was part of a project that “did not involve simply this security tax, which grew with the port, but also control of activities tied to the port, the hiring of workers, and relations with port unions and local institutions,” the report added. “It effectively eliminated legitimate competition from companies not influenced or controlled by the mafia in providing goods and services, performing construction work and hiring personnel. And it threw a shadow over the behaviour of local government and other public bodies.” 
Alliance with Molè 'ndrina.
The Piromalli’s were allied with their relatives of the Molè family, also from Gioia Tauro. Often they are referred to as the Piromalli-Molè clan. "The Molè family is the military arm of the Piromalli clan," according to Francesco Forgione, chairman of Italian parliament's Antimafia Commission. Control of the Gioia Tauro container hub has allowed the Piromalli clan to dominate not only the illegal drug trade but also arms and other contraband smuggling. Within the Piromalli organization the Molè clan is responsible for drug trafficking and handles relations with 'Ndrangheta branches in central and northern Italy as well as with Colombian drug cartels.
A turf war between the two clans surfaced in February 2008 when Rocco Molè was gunned down near Gioia Tauro. According to the Direzione Distrettuale Antimafia (DDA) of Reggio Calabria, after the demise of Girolamo and Peppe Piromalli, their successors have been unable to maintain the necessary balance among the two clans. Background of the emerging conflict seems to be the future investments of hundreds of millions euros in the Gioia Tauro port and the possibilities to take cuts of the investments.
Crackdown.
In July 2008, police cracked down on the stranglehold of the 'Ndrangheta on the port in an operation dubbed "One Hundred Years of History" which netted 18 criminals and businessmen in Calabria, Rome and Milan. The operation also intended to end the start of a possibly bloody turf war between the Piromallis and their former military arm, the Molè family. 
On October 13, 2008, one of the clan bosses, Gioacchino Piromalli, was arrested along with his nephew, also named Gioacchino Piromalli, who is a lawyer, as well as Gioia Tauro's former mayor and deputy mayor. Both had been forced to step down in April 2008 when the city council was dissolved on suspicion of Mafia infiltration. The mayors were accused of employing the younger Piromalli. Police believe the legal work was a front to enable the Piromallis to regain a slice of the business generated by Gioia Tauro, one of the largest container ports in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19836935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836935" title="The Insensitive Princess">
The Insensitive Princess

The Insensitive Princess (French: ) is a 1983 French animated television series written and directed by Michel Ocelot. The animation is a combination of cel and cutout animation (with the opening credits in silhouette animation) while the elaborate architectural style of the production design has been said to be reminiscent, though visual association, of Charles Perrault and Jean de La Fontaine's fairy tales; like Ocelot's "Les Trois Inventeurs" before it and several episodes of the later "Ciné si" it takes place in a literary fairy tale-like fantasy setting, specifically a palatial theater, which mixes the ornate styles of decoration and dress of the upper-classes of both the time of the Ancien Régime and the belle époque and includes such fanciful technology as a baroque-styled submarine, elements of outright fantasy such as dragons and such anachronisms as a reference to motorcycles.
It won first prize in its category at the 3rd Bourg-en-Bresse Animation Festival for Youth and the audience prize at the 6th Odense Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19836952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836952" title="East Indies (duck)">
East Indies (duck)

The East Indies is an ornamental breed of domestic duck. Despite the breed's name, it was not developed in Southeast Asia, but rather in the United States in the 19th century. Sometimes called the Black East Indies, it is best known for its striking appearance: very dark, lustrous green plumage and black bills. Females may sometimes develop white feathers as they age. A bantam breed weighing around 1-2 pounds (453-907 grams), East Indies are largely kept by fanciers for exhibition purposes. Being small in size, they are relatively good fliers. Admitted to American Poultry Association's Standard of Perfection in 1874, East Indies are popular among breeders. They are generally shyer and quieter than Call Ducks.

</doc>
<doc id="19836971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836971" title="Lake Renegade">
Lake Renegade

__NOTOC__
The Lake LA-250 Renegade is a six-seat amphibious utility aircraft produced in the United States since 1982.
Design and development.
The Renegade is a lengthened and more powerful version of the Lake Buccaneer, with which it shares its type certificate, and which it replaced in production. In turn, it gave rise to a number of variants, including the militarised LA-250 Seawolf, the turbocharged LA-270 Turbo Renegade and the LA-270 Seafury optimised for marine environments. Like the Buccaneer, it is a conventional mid-wing design with retractable tricycle undercarriage and a single engine mounted pusher-fashion in a pod on a pylon above the fuselage
The Seawolf version was designed for light maritime patrol duties and features a hardpoint under each wing to carry external stores, including bombs, rocket pods, gun pods, or rescue equipment. Provision for a radar was made on the forward end of the engine pod. The Seafury includes improved anti-corrosion measures and a hardened interior to improve its servicability in saltwater environments, as well as a storage compartment carrying survival gear.
Operational history.
In 1988 Peter Foster and Robert Mann piloted a Turbo Lake Renagade to 24,500ft of altitude setting a new world record for altitude and sustained flight at altittude for single engine seaplanes.

</doc>
<doc id="19836999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19836999" title="Civic action program">
Civic action program

A civic action program also known as civic action project is a type of operation designed to assist an area by using the capabilities and resources of a military force or civilian organization to conduct long-term programs or short-term projects. This type of operations include: dental civic action program (DENTCAP), engineering civic action program (ENCAP), medical civic action program (MEDCAP), and veterinarian civic action program (VETCAP). Entities of foreign nations usually conduct these operations at the invitation of a host nation.
Common civic action programs.
Dental civic action program (DENTCAP).
Dentists and dental technicians with equipment and supplies set up a temporary field clinic to provide dental treatment to the local population.
Engineering civic action program (ENCAP).
Engineers with equipment conduct civil engineering projects to execute any number of infrastructure improvement projects, such as building or improving schools, clinics, roads or drinking wells.
Medical civic action program (MEDCAP).
Medical doctors and specialists with equipment and supplies set up a temporary field clinic to provide limited medical treatment to the local population. MEDCAPs are generally narrow in scope and usually provide targeted assistance, such as inoculations.
Veterinarian civic action program (VETCAP).
Veterinarians with equipment and supplies provide limited veterinarian services for the local population. VETCAPS are generally narrow in scope and usually provide targeted assistance, such as inoculations.
Medical readiness training exercise (MEDRETE).
The U.S. military has an activity similar to civic action programs called a medical readiness training exercise (MEDRETE). Military use MEDRETEs to provide training on public health and preventive medicine.
Historical examples.
Vietnam War.
In the summer of 1965, United States military medical personnel conducted MEDCAPs to help the Government of Vietnam provide out-patient health services to the South Vietnamese population. The United States military also conducted a related program called Military Provincial Hospital Assistance Program (MILPHAP), where medical personnel augmented civilian hospital staffs to help provide in-patient treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="19837002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837002" title="Forever for Now (Harry Connick, Jr. album)">
Forever for Now (Harry Connick, Jr. album)

Forever For Now is a compilation album from Harry Connick, Jr., released in the United Kingdom in 1993.
The album was a blend of original studio recordings from seven of Connick's previous albums, two of which he had won a Grammy Award for. The album has five tracks from "When Harry Met Sally..." (1989), one track from "20" (1988), one from "Harry Connick Jr." (1987), five from "We Are in Love" (1990), one from Lofty's Roach Souffle (1990), two from "Blue Light, Red Light" (1991) and one from "25" (1992). Five of those seven albums have sold to platinum or multi platinum in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19837004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837004" title="List of duck breeds">
List of duck breeds

The domestic duck, like other poultry species, has many breeds. Most are derived from the wild Mallard, while a minority are descendants of the Muscovy Duck. Duck breeds are officially recognized for showing by governing bodies of enthusiasts such as the American Poultry Association, which usually administer breed standards such as the Standard of Perfection.
This is list of officially recognised duck breeds:

</doc>
<doc id="19837030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837030" title="S.O.S. (novel)">
S.O.S. (novel)

S.O.S. is a novel by Joseph Connolly first published in 2001. Set on board a gigantic luxury cruise ship on her way from England to New York, "S.O.S." follows the lives and unusual actions of a motley group of people thrown together for six days, the duration of the crossing. They include both passengers and crew, and people wary of sea travel as well as experienced cruise tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="19837032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837032" title="Awlad Himayd">
Awlad Himayd

Awlad Himayd is a group of people that are part of the greater Baggara Arabs fraternity of Kordofan and Darfur. 
Description.
They speak Sudanese Arabic. Awlad Himayd live in eastern parts of South Kordofan. They were nomadic people who shared routes (sig. Morhal, pl. Marahiil) with the Halafa, a branch of the Hawazma, and the Kenana and Habbaniya tribes. Their travels take them as far as the Shilluk and Nuer of the White Nile. Their inner southern nomadic area is part of the wilderness of South Kordofan, a dense high savanna forest land.
The majority are pastoralists, and the rest are farmers; they grow all types of South Kordofan crops: sesame, millets, okra, and ground nuts. They grow Gum Arabic and collect gums and honey from the woods.
They are widely viewed among Baggara peoples as being courageous; great hunters of elephants and big game like giraffe, antelope, tiang, and Ostrich; they are also known as great fighters of wild beasts such lions, tigers, wolves, and others at earlier times. Baggara people are good hunters and gatherers of wild fruits, wild okra, and honey from undomesticated bees. Gray-bees ("Nahala el ghibasha" in Arabic), the fiercest type of bee in South Kordofan, are nicknamed "Awlad Himayd" because of their courage.
Origins and divisions.
The Awlad Himayd belong to the wider group of Baggara Arabs of Kordofan and Darfur. They are Sunni Muslims. MacMichael mentioned that their Arab ancestors may have settled around Tekali in the eastern part of South Kordofan at a time of the great Guhayna movement, and they have been reinforced by others of their kin who have returned from the western countries (probably from present-day Chad).

</doc>
<doc id="19837203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837203" title="Héctor Méndez (rugby union)">
Héctor Méndez (rugby union)

Héctor Mendéz is an Argentine former rugby union footballer and coach. He works as a psychiatrist. 
He had 2 caps for Argentina, in 1967, scoring 1 try, 4 points in aggregate. He was nominated joint-coach, with New Zealand Alex Wyllie, of the "Pumas", previously of the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals, but he resigned few days later.

</doc>
<doc id="19837210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837210" title="Romasanta">
Romasanta

Romasanta (2004) is a Spanish-Italian-British horror film produced by Fantastic Factory, directed by Paco Plaza and starring Julian Sands, Elsa Pataky and John Sharian. It is available on DVD from Lion's Gate Entertainment under the title "Werewolf Hunt".
Synopsis.
The story takes place in 1851 and deals with a small Spanish village apparently plagued by what we would now call a serial killer, as corpses are discovered bearing both savage mutilation and precise surgical incisions. Clues point toward Manuel Romasanta (Julian Sands), who confesses to the crimes, but claims that he is a victim of lycanthropy. A scientist, Professor Philips (David Gant), argues that Romasanta suffers not from a supernatural curse but from a mental disorder. 
Based on a script by Alfredo Conde, according to the end credits the film is based on a true story, that of Manuel Blanco Romasanta, Spain’s first documented serial killer. Conde is a descendant of one of the doctors involved the original "Werewolf of Allariz" court case that took place in 1853/54 in Galicia, Spain. He went on to write a fictional novel, "The Uncertain Memoirs of a Galician Wolfman: Romasanta." The same case previously provided the basis for the 1968 Spanish film "El bosque del lobo" ("The Wolf's Forest").
Awards.
"Romasanta" was nominated for a number of Spanish awards, including two Goya Awards (Best Cinematography + Best Special Effects) and two Barcelona Film Awards (Best Film Editing + Best New Director).
Reception.
In "Variety", critic Jonathan Holland wrote: "Spinning something cinematically new out of lycanthropy is always a challenge, but director Paco Plaza intermittently achieves it with his sophomore feature. (...) Offbeat pic is cleverly ambiguous where it counts; however, it lacks dramatic focus. (...) Sands' wolfish visage provides an appropriately sexy combination of attraction and threat, and script is clever enough to coax out some sympathy for him during the final 20 minutes. As Barbara, Pataky turns in a career-best perf." 

</doc>
<doc id="19837212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837212" title="Labor of Love (Sammy Kershaw album)">
Labor of Love (Sammy Kershaw album)

Labor of Love is the fifth studio album released by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) on Mercury Records. It was the third album of his career to achieve RIAA platinum certification. It was also his highest-charting album on the Top Country Albums charts, where it peaked at #5.
In order of release, this album's singles were "Love of My Life", "Matches", "Honky Tonk America" and "One Day Left to Live", which respectively reached #2, #22, #31, and #35 on the Hot Country Songs charts. "Little Did I Know" was co-written by Dave Gibson (formerly of the Gibson/Miller Band) and Pirates of the Mississippi lead vocalist Bill McCorvey.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19837214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837214" title="Curanilahue">
Curanilahue

Curanilahue is a Chilean commune and city in Arauco Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Curanilahue spans an area of and has 31,943 inhabitants (16,115 men and 15,828 women). Of these, 30,126 (94.3%) lived in urban areas and 1,817 (5.7%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population fell by 5% (1,688 persons).
Administration.
As a commune, Curanilahue is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Ahimalec Benítez Silva (PDC).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Curanilahue is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Manuel Monsalve (PS) and Iván Norambuena (UDI) as part of the 46th electoral district, (together with Lota, Lebu, Arauco, Los Álamos, Cañete, Contulmo and Tirúa). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19837220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837220" title="Naadumaskeri">
Naadumaskeri

Naadumaskeri is a village in Uttar Kannada.

</doc>
<doc id="19837235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837235" title="Yoram Marciano">
Yoram Marciano

Yoram Marciano (, born 31 October 1964) is an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party from 2006 to 2009, and again between 2012 and 2013.
Biography.
Born in Lod, Marciano was first elected to the Knesset in the 2006 elections and served as the Labor-Meimad Parliamentary Group Chairman. Placed seventeenth on the party's list, he lost his seat in the 2009 elections when it was reduced to 13 seats. However, he re-entered the Knesset on 9 December 2012 as a replacement for Amir Peretz, who had left the party to join Hatnuah. He did not contend in the 2013 elections, and subsequently lost his seat.
Marciano has about 70 convictions for traffic law violations. He has also involved in a violent incident in a pub, after which he complained about his own behavior in the ethics committee of the Knesset, and was found guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="19837281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837281" title="Doves (Gibraltar)">
Doves (Gibraltar)

"The Doves" () was the pseudonym under which a group of six Gibraltarian lawyers and businessmen published a letter on 15 March 1968 in the "Gibraltar Chronicle" advocating a political settlement with Spain to solve the disputed status of Gibraltar.
Among the six members of the group were Joseph Triay, Juan Triay and José Lázaro Coll.
Proposals.
The following day, the members of the Legislative Council challenged "The Doves" to produce specific proposals. A further letter was published on 4 April setting out proposals claimed to be acceptable for Spain:
Public reaction.
It was also made public that they had met with Spain's Foreign Affairs officials (a meeting was even held with the Spanish Foreign Affairs Minister, Fernando Castiella in March) to try to bring this about. However, this provoked widespread public hostility in Gibraltar towards "The Doves". On 6 April an estimated crowd of around 1,000 people rioted and attacked their properties and homes. Rioting only finished in the afternoon, when Governor Sir Gerald Lathbury called for troops to support the Royal Gibraltar Police, who had lost control by then. Twenty-two police officers were injured, but none were seriously hurt. Besides, the British Foreign Office and Police pried into the bank accounts of both Joseph and Juan Triay in London, Gibraltar and Madrid.
The term is often used derogatorily nowadays to refer to individuals whose ideals are comparable to those of "The Doves".

</doc>
<doc id="19837308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837308" title="Klaas de Groot">
Klaas de Groot

Klaas de Groot (born 1940) is Emeritus Professor at the Tissue Engineering Group at the University of Twente. In the past he also worked as a visiting scientist at the UCLA bone research laboratory. His work has focused on the research and development of bioceramics that resemble the composition of bone. He has developed two types of bioceramic, namely bulk ceramics (dense, porous, large and small) for mechanically unloaded bone fillers, and coatings for improving the bone bonding of strong, but less biocompatible, metallic orthopedic and dental implants. His group also studied the incorporation of drugs and growth factors such as Bone Morphogenetic Proteins (BMP) into such ceramics and coatings, as well as the use of calciumphosphate particles for plastic surgery, i.e. filling and augmenting soft and hard tissues for cosmetic reasons (together with CAM Implants BV(Now called Cam Bioceramics)).
His research products are being marketed by CAM Implants (now Cam Bioceramics), IsoTis and Stryker (USA).
Prior to his present appointment he worked at Vrije Universiteit (VU), Amsterdam (until 1988) and Leiden University (until 2001), at both places as head of the department of biomaterials.
He is a co-founder of CAM Implants BV (now Cam Bioceramics), and IsoTis.He has published more than 300 articles and he is the co-inventor of about 10 patents.

</doc>
<doc id="19837330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837330" title="Leon Litinetski">
Leon Litinetski

Leon Litinetski (, born 2 August 1967) is an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 2008 and 2009.
Biography.
Born in Kazan in the Soviet Union, Litinetsky studied medicine at Kazan State University between 1984 and 1990, but did not graduate. He made aliyah to Israel in 1991. Between 1995 and 1997 he studied at the ORT College in Kfar Saba, before studying political science at Tel Aviv University.
In 1995 he became a member of the Worker's Committee of the Israel Electric Corporation. In 1999 he became an assembly member of the Histadrut and chairman of the National Organisation for Russian-speaking Israelis. In 2000 he was a delegate to the World Zionist Congress.
For the 2006 elections he was placed 21st on the Labor-Meimad list. Although they party won only 19 seats, Litinetski entered the Knesset on 2 July 2008 as a replacement for Danny Yatom who had resigned to go into business.
Placed 18th on the party's list, he lost his seat in the 2009 elections as Labor was reduced to 13 seats. In the 2013 elections, he ran on the joint Likud Yisrael Beitenu list.
Litinetski currently lives in Kfar Saba, and is married with one child.

</doc>
<doc id="19837337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837337" title="Maikäfer">
Maikäfer

Maikäfer was the nickname of an automobile prototype, built in 1931 by German engineer Josef Ganz at Adler.
History.
Josef Ganz, an independent engineer and editor-in-chief of "Motor-Kritik" magazine, was assigned by Adler in December 1930 as a consultant engineer. In the first months of 1931, Ganz constructed a lightweight Volkswagen prototype at Adler with a tubular chassis, a mid-mounted engine, and swing axle independent rear suspension. After completion in May 1931, Ganz nicknamed his new prototype "Maikäfer" (German for cockchafer).
After a shift in management, further development of the Maikäfer was stopped towards the end of 1931 and Adler concentrated on new car models with front-wheel drive. Josef Ganz was allowed to keep the Maikäfer prototype and kept on using it as his personal car and demonstration model for his patented Volkswagen design until around 1950.
The Maikäfer today.
In the 1990s, the original Maikäfer prototype was discovered in Switzerland by a German collector and restored to its original condition.
The Volkswagen Beetle connection.
With the Ardie-Ganz, Adler Maikäfer and Standard Superior cars, as well as his progressive writings and promotion of the concept of a Volkswagen in Motor-Kritik magazine since the 1920s, Josef Ganz is claimed by some to be the inspiration behind the Volkswagen Beetle. But he could not build the car in Hitler's Germany, because he was Jewish. So Ferdinand Porsche, a designer much admired by Hitler, got to connect his name to the "People's Car" (Volkswagen) the regime needed to appease the masses, to which the real inspiration is the Hanomag 2/10 PS from 1925, which invalidates the theory of inspiration in the design of Josef Ganz.
New investigation.
While the Volkswagen Beetle was produced in its millions after World War II, the name of Josef Ganz was largely forgotten. In 2004, Dutch journalist Paul Schilperoord started researching the life and work of Josef Ganz. He has unearthed many new facts and has published a new book and is currently working on a documentary.
Tatra sued Ferdinand Porsche for using the designs from the Tatra V570, T87 and T97 to make the Volkswagen Type 1, but the lawsuit was dropped when Hitler said he would "settle the matter," and invaded Czechoslovakia in 1939.
After the war, the lawsuit was reopened and in 1967, Volkswagen compensated Tatra in the amount of 3,000,000 Deutsche Mark over the dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="19837350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837350" title="Stormy Waters (film)">
Stormy Waters (film)

Remorques (English title: Stormy Waters) is a 1941 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon. The screenplay was written by Jacques Prévert (scenario & dialogue) and André Cayatte (adaptation), based on the novel by Roger Vercel. The film stars Jean Gabin, Madeleine Renaud and Michèle Morgan. 
Plot.
A tugboat captain indulges a love affair with a married woman, despite having a seriously ill wife in a small ocean front town.

</doc>
<doc id="19837351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837351" title="KVCV">
KVCV

KVCV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19837360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837360" title="2008 BNP Paribas Masters">
2008 BNP Paribas Masters

The 2008 Paris Masters (also known as the "BNP Paribas Masters" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 34th edition of the Paris Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, from October 25 through November 2, 2008.
The singles draw was headlined by year-end World No. 1, Beijing Olympics singles gold medalist, French Open and Wimbledon, Monte Carlo, Hamburg, Toronto Masters champion Rafael Nadal, ATP No. 2, US Open, Estoril, Halle and Basel titlist, Olympic doubles gold medalist Roger Federer, and Australian Open, Indian Wells, Rome Masters winner Novak Djokovic. Also announced were US Open runner-up, Cincinnati, Madrid Masters and recent St. Petersburg titlist Andy Murray, Valencia and 's-Hertogenbosch champion David Ferrer, Nikolay Davydenko, Andy Roddick and David Nalbandian.
Notable stories.
Race to the championships.
As the final tournament of the season before the Tennis Masters Cup, several players battled for the remaining spots at the year-end singles event, which plays host to the world's top eight players. Coming into the tournament, twelve players were vying for the final three spots (in descending order of race ranking): Andy Roddick, Juan Martín del Potro, Gilles Simon, David Ferrer, James Blake, Stanislas Wawrinka, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, David Nalbandian, Fernando Verdasco, Gaël Monfils, and Robin Söderling. Roddick was the first to qualify, when he defeated Madrid Masters runner-up Gilles Simon in the third round. The semifinals wins of Nalbandian over Nikolay Davydenko and Tsonga over Blake assured del Potro of a place, with the championship match set to decide the final qualifier. Home favorite Jo-Wilfried Tsonga eventually defeated defending champion David Nalbandian in three sets, to move to the eight place in the ATP Race, and qualify for the year-end championships.
The doubles event also included a pursuit between Poles Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski, South Africans Jeff Coetzee and Wesley Moodie, and Brazilians Marcelo Melo and André Sá for the last spot of the year-end doubles championships. Melo and Sa lost their chance to qualify when they were defeated by Jonas Björkman and Kevin Ullyett in the quarterfinals, while the two other teams advanced to meet in the semis, in a match to decide of the last qualifiers. Coetzee and Moodie eventually came out on top in straight sets to clinch their first Tennis Masters Cup ticket together, the first ever for Coetzee, and the second for Moodie, who had already participated to the 2005 edition with Stephen Huss.

</doc>
<doc id="19837365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837365" title="William Pomerance">
William Pomerance

Mortimer William Pomerance was an animator who worked for Walt Disney Studios. He worked first as a business manager of cartoonists, and then was a business agent for the Screen Actors Guild. After the Disney strike of 1941, Pomerance and David Hilberman left Disney and started their own animation show studio called TEMPO.
Walt Disney accused Pomerance, along with Herbert Sorrell and David Hilberman, of being a communist in an interview with chief investigator Robert E. Stripling before the House Un-American Activities Committee, although Disney said in the interview that "No one has any way of proving" this.
On 5 February 1952 Pomerance appeared before the HUAC. He refused to answer whether he had been a member of the Communist Party by taking the 5th Amendment.

</doc>
<doc id="19837375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837375" title="1996 Eurocard Open">
1996 Eurocard Open

The 1996 Eurocard Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 1st edition of the Stuttgart Masters and was part of the Mercedes Super 9 of the 1996 ATP Tour. It took place at the Schleyerhalle in Stuttgart in Germany from October 21 through October 27, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19837377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837377" title="Joseph-Henri Léveillé">
Joseph-Henri Léveillé

Joseph-Henri Léveillé (28 May 1796 – 3 February 1870) was a French physician and mycologist who was a native of Crux-la-Ville, in the department of Nièvre.
Léveillé studied medicine and mycology at the University of Paris, and in 1824 received his medical doctorate. 
In his 1837 paper "Sur le hymenium des champignons", he provided an early, comprehensive description of the basidium and cystidium of basidiomycete fungi, and was able to establish the role that the basidium played in spore production. Also, he made important findings in regards to the true nature of individual members of the so-called genus "Sclerotium".

</doc>
<doc id="19837397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837397" title="Shetland Goose">
Shetland Goose

The Shetland Goose is a breed of domestic geese originating in the Shetland Islands in Scotland. Like the other livestock breeds native to the islands, the Shetland Goose is small in stature, generally weighing between 12 and 14 pounds (5 and 6 kilos). They are very hardy and exceptionally good foragers, and are able to largely sustain themselves through grazing. 
Like a few other goose breeds, including the Pilgrim and Cotton Patch, Shetlands are sexually dimorphic (called auto-sexing in poultry nomenclature), and can be differentiated on appearance alone. Ganders have entirely white plumage, while geese have a head, neck, and upper body with gray highlights and a white underbody. They generally mate for life, and are good parents. Shetland geese lay around 30 eggs a year. 
Shetlands were first exported to United States in 1997, by a farm in New York. They are not yet recognized by the American Poultry Association via admittance in the Standard of Perfection. The breed is currently being studied by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, which considers populations in North America to potentially be too low to maintain sufficient genetic diversity (in North America).

</doc>
<doc id="19837401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837401" title="Education in Vermont">
Education in Vermont

Education in Vermont consists of public and private schools including the University of Vermont, the Vermont State Colleges, private colleges, and secondary and primary schools in the U.S. state of Vermont.
Vermont State Board of Education.
The Vermont State Board of Education or VSBE, is appointed by the governor with approval by the senate. It administers public education in the state. Local municipalities and their respective school districts operate individual public schools but the VSBE audits performance of public schools. The VSBE also makes recommendations to state leaders concerning education spending and policies.
Primary and secondary schools.
Vermont’s compulsory attendance statute requires parents or guardians to cause their children between the ages of 6 and 16 to attend a public school, an independent school (private schools), or a home study program (homeschooling). Public and independent schools are commonly but not exclusively divided into three tiers of primary and secondary education: elementary school, middle school or junior high school and high school. School districts are often complex in structure. In some cases, elementary, middle and junior high schools of a single district feed into high schools in another district or overlap with other districts at the high school level.
There are 250 public schools in Vermont. This includes 28 union high schools. Union high schools are those supported by towns with separate school districts for elementary grades.
To promote educational efficiency the state allowed towns to create a higher level school district above the level of each participating town, the union. The main function of the union school was to permit the creation of larger high schools in rural areas. Participating towns elect two school boards, one local, the second at the union level. The local union hires the principal and teachers; the union level hires a superintendent who is expected to supervise all local schools. There are more than 80 such unions in the state, out of 362 total school districts, many of whom fall under the union school districts.
A majority of graduating seniors select out-of-state colleges. This reached a high of 59.4% in 2004 and has ebbed since then.
The high school population is expected to decline 20% from 2009 to 2022, one of the largest drops in the nation. This is attributed to Vermont's low birthrate.
School districts include the Dresden School District, the first-in-the-nation cross-state school district, which includes Hanover, New Hampshire. Hanover was once part of the state of Vermont (see below).
The state authorized two more pre-K grades to the school system for the benefit of three and four year olds. Entry to these two grades is capped.
In 2008, there were 19,145 full-time equivalent teachers and 94,114 students in public schools. Teacher-pupil ratio is 11.12:1.
The number of pupils has dropped annually from 2003-2009.
Private schools are less common than public schools. Some private high schools can be perceived as "semi-private.". This means that while it costs money to send children there, towns will make a contract with a school to take children from a town at a slightly reduced rate. Often this is done when it is deemed cheaper to subsidize private tuition than build a whole new school when a private one already exists.
Around 90 Vermont towns have no public schools at all or only have a public elementary school or a public high school. The students of these towns have access to school choice for the grades the town does not provide. In these instances, towns are required to pay tuition to other public schools or approved independent schools for resident students of the town to attend. 
In 2008, Vermont high school students achieved the highest five-year increase in the country in Advanced Placement testing. 19.8% of tested students scored a 3 or higher, compared to an average of 15.2% in the rest of the country.
In 2010 the state ranked highest in the nation for achievement of low-income students. In the same evaluation, it ranked the lowest in the county for education reform.States were evaluated for education reform on academic standards, change in proficiency standards, private school choice, charter school law, online learning policies and programs, home-schooling regulations and removing ineffective teachers.
Standards.
The state is participating in a 30-state Common Core State Standards Initiative and assessment of students to replace the New England NECAP test. The state intends to use the new standards by 2015. The test will be given in grades 3-8 and at the end of grade 11 (junior year).
Health.
In 2010, the National Association of School Nurses reported that the state has the highest ratio of school nurses to students, in the country, 1:311.
School Boards.
In 2010 there were 62 supervisory unions containing less than 95,000 students.
School boards require voter approval before implementing a budget.
History.
Academies and grammar schools.
Vermont's 1777 constitution was the first in English-speaking North America to mandate public funding for universal education. This requirement was first met by elementary-level village schools with sessions held in the cooler months to accommodate farm work. Most schools educated similar numbers of girls and boys. Conditions in these schools varied, and the highest level of instruction was tenth grade. By the end of the eighteenth century, grammar schools, instructing students in English, algebra, geometry, Greek, and Latin, had been established at Bennington, Burlington, Castleton, Middlebury, Montpelier, and Windsor. These grammar schools were of a higher caliber than the smaller villages' schools, and the level of education at some was equivalent to college level.
By the middle nineteenth century, an expansion in settlement and the population of the state, coupled with increased prosperity, brought grammar schools to all corners of Vermont. Even the most remote Northeast Kingdom had established high-school-level instruction in Brownington, Craftsbury, Danville, Hardwick, and Newport. Many of these established grammar schools and academies, though not entirely public, received funds from area town governments in exchange for education of their students. As a system of public funding for primary and secondary education took root, many of these schools became municipal public schools. Several remained private, becoming private high-school-level academies, and several become colleges; the Orange County Grammar School became Vermont Technical College, the Rutland County Grammar School became Castleton State College, the Lamoille County Grammar School became Johnson State College, and the Addison County Grammar School became Middlebury College.
In 1845, a state statute required county judges to appoint a county superintendent of schools to oversee common schools.
In 1892, the state created the town school district system.
Educating teachers.
In the 1860s a shortage of qualified teachers brought the establishment of state "normal schools," a term based on the French term "école normale" – a school to train teachers. The grammar schools at Randolph Center (1866), Castleton, and Johnson became normal schools, additional normal schools were established in Concord and Lyndonville. Additional post secondary schools instructing students to become teachers were called seminaries. While several were nominally associated with Protestant churches, none were seminaries in the sense of training ministers. These seminaries also graduated teachers to staff Vermont's growing number of primary and secondary schools.
The one-room school house.
The one-room school house, born of small multi-age rural populations, continued well into the twentieth century. Rural towns without a single central village often built two to a half-dozen school houses across their terrain. Much of this came from a lack of transportation and a need for students to return home by mid afternoon for farm chores. By 1920 all public schools, including the one-room school houses, were regulated by the state government. In the early 1930s state legislation established a review and certification program similar to accreditation. Schools were issued regulations about teacher education and curriculum. Education quality in rural areas was maintained through a program called Vermont Standard Schools. Rural school houses meeting certification requirements displayed a green and white plaque with the Vermont coat of arms and the words "Vermont Standard School."
Secondary schools.
In 2009, 26% of seniors took that ACT test; 70% took the SAT test. The average SAT score was 519 in critical reading, 521 in math, and 506 in writing. The average total was 1,546. The US average was 1,509.
2,677 students took AP classes; many took more than one; 6,057 AP tests were given.
Teachers.
In 2013, the ratio of teachers to pupils is the lowest in the country.
In 2010, the law changed to require teachers to work until 65 after 30 years of teaching. The former age was 62. Or years spent in the classroom plus the teachers age must now equal 90. A waiver was made for teachers who were "close" under the previous system.
Funding.
The legislature passed Act 60 in 1997 in an attempt to balance taxation for education among towns. It has been controversial.
State spending for K-12 in 2008 was $1.057 billion. The remainder was raised by the individual towns.
In 2010, educators accounted for 70% of a school's cost.
According to one study, enrollment in kindergarten through 12th grade has declined by nearly 10 percent during the 1990s. During the same period total staff numbers have increased by more than 20 percent. Per pupil spending grew from $6,073 in 1990 to $13,664 in 2006. A study by the Census Bureau lists Vermont with the fourth highest expenditure per pupil in the country at $11,835 for 2005. There are several ways to compute per student spending. An alternate computation gives $15,575 per pupil in the 2008-9 school year, third highest in the country. The average effective spending per pupil in Vermont was $11,548 in 2008.
In 2007, state costs for special education was $264 million, more than double what it was in 1998. In 2008, 14% of public school students qualified for special help.
In 2010 Vermont ranked 49th out of 50 states in the nation for the amount spent subsidizing higher education, per capita.
Sports.
As in most areas, high schools compete in sports in two types of division. One, because of logistical and geographical constraints, is necessarily local. That is, large schools play small ones in the same area. A second division is based on school population and is statewide. Eventually, schools with the best records in this type of division will meet each other for seasonal playoffs. Football division assignments are based on a combination of football wins over the last four years, the number of boys playing the sport and the total boy enrollment in the school.
There are three major geographical groups: Northern Vermont Athletic Conference (NVAC), Marble Valley (MVL, and Connecticut Valley (CVL). These in turn are broken into geographical divisions CVC Central, NVAC Lake (near Lake Champlain), Mountain, NVAC East, NVAC Metro (Burlington area), NVAC Capital, CVL, and MVL Divisions A, B, and C. Divisions based on population are , , and , with the largest schools in I.
Colleges and universities.
In 2008, Vermont has the highest average in-state annual tuition and fees for 4-year colleges at $11,341, up 8.1% since 2007. The state also has the highest 2-year average tuition and fees at $5,830, up 6% since 2007. In Community College of Vermont, it has the most expensive community college in the country.
The average Vermont graduate in the class of 2007 owed $24,329, making the state the fourth worst in the country.
History.
During the period of the Vermont Republic several towns on the east side of the Connecticut River were part of Vermont. This included Hanover, home of Dartmouth College. Statehood brought about establishment of the Connecticut River as a natural border. Having lost Dartmouth College, Ira Allen established the University of Vermont (UVM) in 1791 to complement the smaller college at Castleton. By the mid-twentieth century all but one of the state normal schools, and many of the seminaries, had become four-year colleges of liberal arts and sciences. Experimentation at the University of Vermont by George Perkins Marsh, and later the influence of Vermont born philosopher and educator John Dewey brought about the concepts of electives and learning by doing. Today Vermont has five colleges within the Vermont State Colleges system, UVM, fourteen other private, degree-granting colleges, including Middlebury College, a private, co-educational liberal arts college founded in 1800, Burlington College and Champlain College, both located in Burlington, are the two primary private colleges of Vermont's largest city, the Vermont Law School at Royalton, and Norwich University, the oldest private military college in the United States and birthplace of ROTC, founded in 1819.
Major universities.
The University of Vermont
The state contribution to UVM in 2008 was $42.2 million. Other state college funding was $25.2 million.
Other post-secondary schools.
Besides the "National Universities", Vermont has several other universities, both public and private. There are about a dozen small liberal arts colleges across the state. Additionally, Vermont supports public community colleges in the Community College of Vermont.
Concerns.
A non-profit organization dedicated to education reform, gave Vermont the lowest ranking in the nation for college readiness programs for high school. It said that the state was doing nothing in four areas: 1) aligning high school standards and graduation requirements with college and workplace expectations, 2) administering a college readiness test to all high school students; 3) developing a data system to track students from kindergarten on; and 4) holding high schools accountable for graduating students who are college and workplace ready.
The state stood 42nd in 2006 for high school graduates continuing on to college, 54.5%. It was 50th in the estimated percentage of high school students going to college in their home state, 23.6%. It has the highest cost in the nation for public two-year and four-year colleges. It is second-highest in the nation for adults 25-64 with a high school degree and no college. It is 44th for two-year college completion, but 7th for 4-year college completion.
In 2006, Vermont ranked eighth in the country for high school graduation rate, 82.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="19837402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837402" title="Sebastião Rodrigues Soromenho">
Sebastião Rodrigues Soromenho

Sebastião Rodrigues Soromenho (c. born March 27, 1560–1602) (Sebastián Rodríguez Cermeño in Spanish), was a Portuguese explorer, born in Sesimbra (Portugal), appointed by the king Philip II (; ) to sail along the shores of California, in the years 1595 and 1596, in order to map the American west coast line and define the maritime routes of the Pacific Ocean in the 16th century.
Personal Background.
Little is known of Soromenho. He was probably the same man as a Sebastian Rodrigues, a pilot on the Manila Galleon Santa Ana which was captured by Thomas Cavendish in 1587. 
Fateful Voyage.
The Manila Galleon "San Agustin" was sent from the Philippines to survey the coast of what became Oregon and California and then to complete the trip to Acapulco, Mexico. Carrying 130 tons of cargo, the ship displaced approximately 200 tons. Soromenho was appointed as captain for the voyage of the San Agustin based on his professional skill as a navigator. 
On July 5, 1595, the "San Agustin" sailed from Manila with its cargo, some passengers, and some soldiers.
On November 4, 1595 the "San Agustin" reached land between Point St. George and Trinidad Head in California.
Soromenho followed the coast south to Drakes Bay, anchoring on November 6.
Soromenho was greeted by the Native Americans in a manner similar to that of Drake sixteen years prior, but there was an absence of the great fear and reserve exhibited on that occasion.
In late November, the "San Agustin" was at anchor when a large storm blew in from the south or southwest. The ship dragged anchor and sank. Several lives were lost (accounts vary between seven and twelve) and all goods (mostly silk, wax and porcelain) were lost.
Construction on a launch which had been brought from the Philippines was completed. Nearly 80 persons sailed in the launch now named the San Buenaventure on December 8. Seeking the fastest route south, the expedition failed to notice San Francisco Bay. They arrived at Puerta de Chacala, Mexico on January 17, 1596.

</doc>
<doc id="19837409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837409" title="2008 BNP Paribas Masters – Doubles">
2008 BNP Paribas Masters – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski.
Jonas Björkman and Kevin Ullyett won in the final 6–2, 6–2, against Jeff Coetzee and Wesley Moodie.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19837417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837417" title="Maybe Not Tonight">
Maybe Not Tonight

Maybe Not Tonight is the title of the sixth studio album released by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in country music) on Mercury Records. The first album of his career not to achieve an RIAA certification, it also failed to produce any Top Ten country hits. The lead-off single, which was the title track duet with Lorrie Morgan (also included on her 1999 album "My Heart") reached #17 on the country charts. This song was concurrently promoted by Mercury and BNA Records, Morgan's label. Following it were "When You Love Someone" at #37 and "Me and Maxine" at #35. "Louisiana Hot Sauce", the fourth and final track, failed to chart. Also included is a cover of Leo Sayer's "More Than I Can Say", a #2 pop hit in 1980. In addition, "How Much Does the World Weigh" was later recorded by Tracy Byrd on his 2001 album "Ten Rounds". "Maybe Not Tonight" was also Kershaw's last studio album for Mercury. After it was released, Mercury issued an album of cover songs and a second greatest hits compilation before he exited the label.
Personnel.
String section.
Strings conducted and arranged by Steve Dorff.

</doc>
<doc id="19837419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837419" title="1811 in India">
1811 in India

Events in the year 1811 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19837420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837420" title="Enzo Ferrero">
Enzo Ferrero

Enzo Ferrero (born January 3, 1953 in Campana) is a retired Argentine footballer who played for Boca Juniors in Argentina and Sporting de Gijón in Spain.
Ferrero started his professional playing career on September 9, 1971 in a 3–0 win over Los Andes. He went on to play 169 times for Boca Juniors scoring 39 goals.
He played for the Argentina youth team in 1972 and made his debut for the Argentina national team in 1974. 
In 1975, Ferrero joined Spanish side Sporting de Gijón where he became an idol, he played for the club until his retirement in 1985. 
He was manager of UD Gijón Industrial for three years where he led the team to promotion to the Spanish third division He has also managed Astur CF.

</doc>
<doc id="19837424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837424" title="1997 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1997 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1997 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama in the college football season of 1997–98. The team's head coach was Mike DuBose, who was entering his first year at Alabama. They played their home games at both Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed in the West Division of the Southeastern Conference. Alabama would finish with a record of 4–7 record in suffering the program's first losing season since the 1984 season. The loss against Kentucky marked Alabama's first ever overtime game, as overtime rules for college football had gone into effect the previous season.

</doc>
<doc id="19837442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837442" title="Dr. Hovey Everett House">
Dr. Hovey Everett House

The Dr. Hovey Everett House is a Greek Revival style house in the Hamlet of Lowman in the Town of Chemung, New York. It is significant both for its architecture and for its association with the life of Dr. Hovey Everett, who practised medicine in the area including Lowman and nearby Elmira, New York for forty years, from his arrival in the area in 1821 until his death in 1861. The house was built in 1827 as a wedding present for Dr. Everett upon his marriage to Cynthia Lowman, of the family for whom the town was named. The house and related buildings and structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19837448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837448" title="1845 in India">
1845 in India

Events in the year 1845 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19837464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837464" title="Bojović">
Bojović

The Bojović (Serbian: Бојовић) are a branch of the Serb clan of Vasojevici of Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="19837469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837469" title="Los Álamos">
Los Álamos

Los Álamos is a Chilean commune and city in Arauco Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Los Álamos spans an area of and has 18,632 inhabitants (9,456 men and 9,176 women). Of these, 16,394 (88%) lived in urban areas and 2,238 (12%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 10.4% (1,762 persons).
The commune includes the locality of Antihuala.
Administration.
As a commune, Los Álamos is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Lautaro Melita Vinett (PS).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Los Álamos is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Manuel Monsalve (PS) and Iván Norambuena (UDI) as part of the 46th electoral district, (together with Lota, Lebu, Arauco, Curanilahue, Cañete, Contulmo and Tirúa). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19837474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837474" title="2008 BNP Paribas Masters – Singles">
2008 BNP Paribas Masters – Singles

David Nalbandian was the defending champion, but Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated him 6–3, 4–6, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19837499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837499" title="Cotton Patch Goose">
Cotton Patch Goose

The Cotton Patch Goose is a breed of domestic goose originating in the Southern United States. It is so named because it traditionally was used to weed fields of cotton, corn, and other crops. 
History.
Up until the 1950s, Cotton Patch Geese were customarily kept on rural Southern homesteads and farms as multi-purpose poultry used for weeding, meat, eggs, down, and grease. Their grazing kept fields clear of crabgrass and other weeds, while leaving crops unharmed and reducing the amount of manual labor necessary. After the mid-20th century, herbicides almost entirely replaced weeding on American farms, and the Cotton Patch Goose declined in concert. Considered critically endangered by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, the Society for the Preservation of Poultry Antiquities, and the American Poultry Association, it has largely disappeared from the Southern farms where it was once common. It is also included in Slow Food USA's Ark of Taste, a catalog of heritage foods in danger of extinction.
Characteristics.
The Cotton Patch Goose is particularly well-adapted to the climate of the southeastern U.S., being more heat tolerant. They are also slimmer in body than most domestic geese, and retain a relatively good flying ability in to adulthood. They much more closely resemble the wild forebears of domestic geese, the Greylag Goose. They are similar in color to the Pilgrim Goose and Shetland Goose, and are also sexually dimorphic. In general, ganders are white with some dove gray feathers on the back and tail. Females are either entirely gray, or pied gray and white, also called saddleback. The bills and feet are pink rather than orange, as is seen in the Pilgrim, which it resembles. They range in weight from 8-10 pounds for geese and 9-12 pounds for ganders.

</doc>
<doc id="19837539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837539" title="John Fitzgerald (United States Coast Guard)">
John Fitzgerald (United States Coast Guard)

John Fitzgerald is the former Assistant Commandant (2006–08) and Commandant of Cadets (2008–10) at the United States Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut. He retired in the Summer of 2012 after serving as the Coast Guard Academy's Chief of Personnel and Support Services (2010-2012). Fitzgerald holds the rank of captain.
After graduating from Chaminade High School in Mineola, NY, he attended the Coast Guard Academy in 1987 where he earned a Bachelors degree in Civil Engineering. Upon graduation, Fitzgerald served as a Deck Watch Officer on board the USCGC "Midgett" (WHEC-726) homeported in Alameda, CA. Following his service on board "Midgett", he was assigned as Commanding Officer of Coast Guard LORAN Station on Kure Atoll, Hawaii. He then served as a controller at the USCG District 9 Command Center. He then returned to sea as the Weapons Officer on board USCGC "Hamilton" (WHEC-715).
In 1994, he was selected by the Coast Guard to attend Boston University where he earned a Master's Degree in Mass Communications and then reported to Juneau, Alaska to serve as the Seventeenth Coast Guard District Public Affairs Officer (1996). From 1997-2000 He served concurrently as the Atlantic Area and Fifth Coast Guard District Public Affairs Officer (PAO) in Portsmouth, VA. As PAO, he supervised nine public affairs specialists and the office generated over 750 press releases and developed a prototype web site that served as the Coast Guard standard. Under his guidance, he and his staff earned two consecutive Commander Jim Simpson Awards for overall excellence as the highest performing Public Affairs unit in the Coast Guard. It was during this tour that he served as on-scene communications director under Admiral Larrabee for the multi-agency search and recovery efforts after the tragic plane crash of John F. Kennedy Jr. Fitzgerald was personally recognized as a recipient of the Coast Guard's Alex Haley Award (honorable mention) for authorship. He has been published in Proceedings, Science Technology, Sailing and Alaska Fisherman's Journal and Coast Guard Foundation’s book, Coast Guard. From 2008-2010, Fitzgerald served as Press Secretary for the Principal Federal Official reporting to the White House and Secretary of Homeland Security for all hurricane and disaster relief efforts in FEMA Region VI (Texas). In August 2010, Fitzgerald served as Chief of External Affairs for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill response. He led over 100 public affairs personnel from over 25 federal, state and local agencies conducting media relations, community relations, governmental affairs, social media and VIP escorts.
In 2000, he returned to sea again to serve as the Executive Officer of the USCGC "Legare" (WMEC-912). While on Legare, the ship completed numerous operational missions including a three month deployment to the Mediterranean and Black Seas where the Legare conducted exercises with the Navy's Sixth Fleet as well as fostering relations and training with maritime services in the region. He also supervised five search and rescue cases including the highly publicized rescue and repatriation of 350 migrants to Port-au-Prince, Haiti; the largest Coast Guard migrant case in 2001. He then reported to Washington, D.C. to serve as the Press Secretary for the Commandant of the Coast Guard.
Following this, Fitzgerald returned to sea again as the Commanding Officer of the USCGC "Confidence" (WMEC-619). On board "Confidence", Fitzgerald played an integral part in the Hurricane Katrina disaster relief effort. He safely navigated Confidence through Hurricane Katrina after rescuing 20 migrants. Confidence was the second major vessel to reach the Gulf Coast after Katrina made landfall restoring operational capability to Coast Guard Station Pascagoula, MS. The ship distributed two tons of relief supplies and served as the command and control platform for all state and federal response assets at the mouth of the Mississippi River which was instrumental in re-establishing commerce flow in the central United States. During his tour as Commanding Officer, Confidence played a key role in a multi-unit, joint inter-agency counter-drug effort resulting in the seizure of 2,000 pounds of cocaine. In two years on board Confidence, the ship safely interdicted, rescued and/or processed over 1,200 illegal migrants from Haiti, Cuba and the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
