<doc id="20044858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044858" title="Predictions made by Ray Kurzweil">
Predictions made by Ray Kurzweil

American author, inventor and futurist Raymond Kurzweil has become well known for predicting the future of artificial intelligence and the human race. His first book, "The Age of Intelligent Machines", published in 1990, put forth his theories on the results of the increasing use of technology and predicted the explosive growth in the internet, among other predictions. Later works, 1999's "The Age of Spiritual Machines" and 2005's "The Singularity is Near" outlined other theories including the rise of clouds of nano-robots (nanobots) called foglets and the development of Human Body 2.0 and 3.0, whereby nanotechnology is incorporated into many internal organs.
Accuracy of predictions.
"The Age of Intelligent Machines".
Kurzweil wrote his first book, "The Age of Intelligent Machines", between 1986 and 1989. When published in 1990 it forecast the demise of the Soviet Union due to new technologies such as cellular phones and fax machines disempowering authoritarian governments by removing state control over the flow of information. In 2005, Mikhail Gorbachev told Kurzweil that emerging decentralized electronic communication "was a big factor" for fostering democracy in the Soviet Union.
Kurzweil extrapolated the performance of chess software to predict that computers would beat the best human players "by the year 2000". In May 1997 chess World Champion Garry Kasparov was defeated by IBM's Deep Blue computer in a well-publicized chess tournament.
Perhaps most significantly, Kurzweil foresaw the explosive growth in worldwide Internet use that began in the 1990s. At the time of the publication of "The Age of Intelligent Machines", there were only 2.6 million Internet users in the world, and the medium was often unreliable outside academic, military, corporate and other heavily invested settings, difficult for non-technical users to use, and mostly lacking a broad range of content. He also stated that the Internet would explode not only in the number of users but in content as well, eventually granting users access "to international networks of libraries, data bases, and information services". Additionally, Kurzweil correctly foresaw that the preferred mode of Internet access would inevitably be through wireless systems, and he was also correct to estimate that the latter would become practical for widespread use in the early 21st century.
"The Age of Spiritual Machines".
In 1999, Kurzweil published a second book titled "The Age of Spiritual Machines", which goes into more depth explaining his futurist ideas. The third and final section of the book is devoted to elucidating the specific course of technological advancements Kurzweil believes the world will experience over the next century. Titled "To Face the Future", the section is divided into four chapters respectively named "2009", "2019", "2029", and "2099". For every chapter, Kurzweil issues predictions about what life and technology will be like in that year.
Kurzweil restated his earlier prediction from "The Age of Intelligent Machines" regarding the advent of pocket-sized, text-to-speech converters for the blind. The "Kurzweil-National Federation of the Blind Reader" (K-NFB Reader) was introduced in 2005, though a significant reduction in price would be required by 2009 to reasonably classify the device as "cheap"—one quality Kurzweil claimed they would possess.
"The Singularity Is Near".
While this book focuses on the future of technology and the human race as "The Age of Intelligent Machines" and "The Age of Spiritual Machines" did, Kurzweil makes very few concrete, short-term predictions in "The Singularity Is Near", though longer-term visions are present in abundance.
Kurzweil predicts that, in 2005, supercomputers with the "computational capacities" to simulate protein folding will be introduced. In 2010, a supercomputer simulated protein folding for a very small protein at an atomic level over a period of a millisecond. The protein folded and unfolded, with the results closely matching experimental data.
The biyearly protein structure prediction contest CASP shows that the current algorithms for structure prediction are still impractical for determining the previously unknown structure of most proteins.
Other sources.
In an October 2002 article published on his website, Kurzweil stated that "Deep Fritz-like chess programs running on ordinary personal computers will routinely defeat all humans later in this decade." Deep Fritz is a computer chess program—generally considered superior to the older Deep Blue — that has defeated or tied a number of human chess masters and opposing chess programs. Due to advances in personal computer performance, the Deep Fritz program can now run on ordinary personal computers, and different versions of it are available for purchase. While this makes the first part of Kurzweil's prediction true, it is unknown whether the Deep Fritz programs are currently defeating all humans in all games played, though considering the impressive professional record of Deep Fritz, it would be reasonable to assume that only the very best human players can beat the program with consistency. In September 2002, "Chessmaster 9000", a widely available chess playing game from Ubisoft, defeated the then U.S. Chess Champion and International Grandmaster Larry Christiansen in a four-game match. In 2006 reigning World Champion Vladimir Kramnik was defeated 4:2 by Deep Fritz, running on a multiprocessor personal computer.
Ray Kurzweil's response.
According to Ray Kurzweil, 89 out of 108 predictions he made were entirely correct by the end of 2009. An additional 13 were what he calls “essentially correct" (meaning that they were likely to be realized within a few years of 2009), for a total of 102 out of 108. Another 3 are partially correct, 2 look like they are about 10 years off, and 1, which was tongue in cheek anyway, was just wrong. Kurzweil later released a more detailed analysis of the accuracy of his predictions up to 2009, arguing that most were correct.
Future predictions.
"The Age of Intelligent Machines" (1990).
Early 21st century.
Note: Since the "Early 2000s" and "Early 21st century" predictions are both listed before the "2010" predictions in the technology Chronology, it can be assumed that the timeframe for the first two is 2000–2010.
2020–2070.
Kurzweil has even wagered that his predictions will be true, on the site Long Bets Betting against Mitchell Kapor, founder of Lotus Software Corporation for a payout of $20,000, or $10,000 each.
Other sources.
Kurzweil said in a 2006 C-SPAN2 interview that "nanotechnology-based" flying cars would be available in 20 years.
Kurzweil has said that by 2014, humanity will reach a "tipping point" where the cost-per-watt from solar energy is cheaper than from coal and oil: By capturing only 0.03 percent of the sun's energy that falls on Earth, humanity could meet virtually all of its projected energy needs up to 2030 (thirty trillion watts); this will be capable through with extremely inexpensive, lightweight, and efficient nano-engineered solar panels together with nano-fuel cells to store and distribute the captured energy. Kurzweil believes, by the end of the 2020s, humans will be able to completely replace fossil fuels.
Kurzweil said the following in a November 2007 "Computerworld" interview:
Criticism.
In the cover article of the December 2010 issue of "IEEE Spectrum", John Rennie criticized Kurzweil's predictions: "On close examination, his clearest and most successful predictions often lack originality or profundity. And most of his predictions come with so many loopholes that they border on the unfalsifiable."

</doc>
<doc id="20044870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044870" title="Gala-Salvador Dalí Foundation">
Gala-Salvador Dalí Foundation

The Gala-Salvador Dalí Foundation is a private cultural institution founded by the painter Salvador Dalí with the mission of promoting his artistic, cultural and intellectual oeuvre. (The foundation is also named after his wife, Gala Dalí.) 
Created on 23 December 1983 at Púbol Castle, Dalí presided over and directed the foundation in person from the outset. His death on 23 January 1989 inaugurated a period of transition until, in 1991, the board of the foundation appointed Ramon Boixadós Malé president. 

</doc>
<doc id="20044874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044874" title="Gloster II">
Gloster II

The Gloster II was a British racing floatplane of the 1920s. A single-engined biplane, two were built to compete in the 1924 Schneider Trophy air race. However the crash of the first prototype during testing meant that it could not be made ready for the race, which was postponed. The second aircraft was also lost in a crash.
Design and development.
The 1923 Schneider Trophy race for seaplanes had been won by the United States Navy with the Curtiss CR-3, a floatplane which outclassed Britain's entry, the Supermarine Sea Lion III flying boat. In a change from previous years, where Britain's entries had been privately funded, the British Air Ministry ordered two racing seaplanes from the Gloster Aircraft Company to compete for the 1924 race. 
The resulting aircraft, designated the Gloster II, was a floatplane development of Gloster's earlier Gloster I racing aircraft, which had won the annual Aerial Derby air race three years running between 1921 and 1923, and had attempted unsuccessfully to break the World airspeed record in 1922. It was a small single-seat biplane of fabric covered wooden construction, powered by a closely faired Napier Lion engine. It had short-span single bay wings and a twin float undercarriage, with radiators mounted on the struts supporting the floats.
The first aircraft, with the serial number "J7504", was ready for flight testing in September 1924. However, when attempting to land after its first test flight, on 19 September 1924, the undercarriage collapsed and the aircraft sank, with pilot Hubert Broad escaping unhurt. There was insufficient time to prepare the second aircraft for the race, scheduled for October, but as no other European nation had an entry ready to compete, the Americans postponed the race until 1925.
The second aircraft was converted to a landplane and used for flight testing equipment to be used for the Gloster III racer being designed for the 1925 competition. It was lost in a high speed crash landing at RAF Cranwell following elevator flutter in June 1925, the pilot, Larry Carter, being seriously injured, fracturing his skull.

</doc>
<doc id="20044884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044884" title="Ooh Yeah (song)">
Ooh Yeah (song)

"Ooh Yeah" is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released on 23 November 2008 as the fourth single from his studio album "Last Night". It was released only as a digital download. It is featured in the Xbox Live Arcade and PC game "Chime".
Music video.
The "Ooh Yeah" music video was directed by Matteo Bernardini. It uses the shortened radio mix instead of the longer album version (like many of Moby's videos). It starts out on the set of a pornography video shoot. People are getting ready and rushing around while the director is smoking and the makeup artist is applying makeup to some of the porn stars (whose names are Angelica La Lapin (Angel Rabbit), Crystal Menthe (Crystal Meth), Foxy Candy, and Bunny). Then the movie begins shooting. The pizza boy (whose name is Big Rod) is called by two of the girls. He brings them over pizza and then starts having wild sex with them. This continues until the end.

</doc>
<doc id="20044904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044904" title="HM Prison Everthorpe">
HM Prison Everthorpe

HM Prison Everthorpe is a Category C men's prison, located to the south-west of Everthorpe, (near Brough) in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is situated next to HMP Wolds.
History.
Originally a borstal at its creation in 1958, in 1991 Everthorpe Prison was converted to house male convicts.
During the Christmas and New Year period of 1995/1996, Everthorpe experienced some prisoner unrest that resulted in a large, two-day prison riot. According to investigators, the unrest was caused by official steps to eliminate drug use by inmates and also by shortages of tobacco and phonecards, which had run out over the holiday period. The prison was criticised for its lack of security, bad management and the deployment of inexperienced staff during the riot.
An inspection report from the Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons in July 2004 praised Everthorpe Prison for its education and training programmes, but warned that Everthorpe needed to ensure that all inmates at the prison benefitted from these programmes.
The prison was substantially expanded in 2005. In an inspection report a year later, Everthorpe was criticised by the Chief Inspector of Prisons because places on resettlement and offending behaviour programmes had "failed to keep pace" with the increased number of prisoners held at the prison. The report also highlighted problems with bullying amongst inmates.
In January 2008 it emerged that inmates at Everthorpe had been regularly smuggling drugs, mobile phones and women's clothing into the prison. A ladder had been used by an accomplice on the outside to scale the 20-foot perimeter wall of the prison to supply these items, with the racket reportedly continuing for at least six months.
The prison today.
Everthorpe is a Category C training prison, and there is a strong emphasis of on education and training at the prison. Education at the Everthorpe is provided by The Manchester College and East Riding College with courses including Literacy, Numeracy, Art and Design, Information Technology, Business, Carpentry, Painting and Decorating, Bricklaying, Plumbing, Forklift truck driving, Scaffolding, Domestic electrics, Industrial cleaning, and Computer Aided Design. The PE department at the prison also run various Physical Education courses as well as recreational gym. Announced June 2013 HM Prisons Everthorpe and Wolds will merge into one larger prison under a new name. the new name could possibly be HM Prison Cave after nearby villages North and South Cave.

</doc>
<doc id="20044919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044919" title="Dainius Kamaitis">
Dainius Kamaitis

Dainius Kamaitis is the Lithuanian diplomat, former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Lithuania to Japan, the Philippines, Australia and New Zealand.
During 2007-2012, he was the Lithuanian Governor to Asia-Europe Foundation (ASEF).
In 2003, he was awarded with The Cross of the Knight of the Order for Merits to Lithuania.
D.Kamaitis is the initiator and key coordinator of a series of events held under the Lithuania-Japan architecture forum known as East-East. For this initiative, he was nominated by the Embassy of Japan in Lithuania and the Čiurlionis Foundation for the award with the Čiurlionis Cup 2013 for having contributed to cultural relations between Japan and Lithuania.
He is fluent in English, Japanese and Russian. Other languages: French, Korean.

</doc>
<doc id="20044920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044920" title="Jamal Malik">
Jamal Malik

Jamal Malik (born 1956) is a Pakistani-born German professor of Islamic Studies and chair of Religious Studies — Islamic Studies at the University of Erfurt, Germany.
Malik was born in 1956 in Peshawar, Pakistan. After finishing his MA in Islamic Studies at the University of Bonn (1982), Jamal Malik acquired the degree of doctorate from University of Heidelberg (1989), and completed his post-doctoral work at the University of Bamberg (1994). In 1998, he was appointed head of Religious Studies at the University of Derby. Since 1999 he is Chair Religious Studies - Islamic Studies at the University of Erfurt, Germany. Fellow of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain, and member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts, Vienna, he was Directeur d'Etudes, EHESS, Paris (1994), and Visiting professor at Oberlin College (1997), Jamia Millia Islamia (2004-5) and Government College Lahore (2006-7). His areas of interest include social history of Muslim South Asia, sociology of knowledge and Muslims in the West.

</doc>
<doc id="20044943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044943" title="Christoph Cremer">
Christoph Cremer

Christoph Cremer (born in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) is a German physicist and professor at the Ruprecht-Karls-University Heidelberg and the Institute of Molecular Biology (IMB) is a newly established research centre on the campus of the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Germany, who has successfully overcome the conventional limit of resolution that applies to light based investigations (the Abbe limit) by a range of different methods (1971/1978 development of the concept of 4Pi-microscopy; 1996 localization microscopy SPDM; 1997 spatially structured illumination SMI).
His actual microscope Vertico-SMI is the world’s fastest nano light microscope that allows large scale investigation of supramolecular complexes including living cell conditions. It allows 3 D imaging of biological preparations marked with conventional fluorescent dyes and reaches a resolution of 10 nm in 2D and 40 nm in 3D.
This nanoscope has therefore the potential to add substantially to the current revolution in optical imaging which will affect the entire molecular biology, medical and pharmaceutical research. The technology allows the development of new strategies for the prevention, the lowering of risk and therapeutic treatment of diseases.
Biography.
Following a few semesters studying philosophy and history at Freiburg University and Munich University, Cremer studied physics in Munich (with financial support from the Studienstiftung des Deutschen Volkes) and completed his Ph.D. in genetics and biophysics in Freiburg. This was followed by post-doctoral studies at the Institute for Human Genetics at Freiburg University, several years in the United States at the University of California, and his "Habilitation" in general human genetics and experimental cytogenetics at Freiburg University. Since 1983, he is teaching as a professor (chair since 2004) for "applied optics and information processing" at the Kirchhoff Institute for Physics at the University of Heidelberg. In addition, he is a member of the Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing of the Institute for Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, as well as of the University’s "Bioquant" Center. Cremer is a participant in three current "Projects of Excellence" of the University of Heidelberg (2007–2012), and is also a partner in the Biotechnology Cluster for cell-based and molecular medicine, one of five clusters selected in 2008 as German BMBF Clusters of Excellence. Elected as Second Speaker of the Senate of the University of Heidelberg (since 2006), Cremer is also involved in university governance and politics. In his function as adjunct professor at the University of Maine and as member of the Jackson Laboratory (Bar Harbor, Maine), where he undertakes research for several weeks each year during the semester breaks, he is involved in the establishment of the biophysics center (Institute for Molecular Biophysics), which is linked with the University of Heidelberg through a "Global Network" collaboration.
Cremer is married to architect and artist Letizia Mancino-Cremer.
Fundamental developments.
Developing the concept of 4Pi microscopy.
Cremer was involved early in the further development of laser based light microscopy approaches. First ideas had their origin in his graduate student years in the 1970s. Jointly with his brother Thomas Cremer, now professor (chair) of Anthropology and Human Genetics at the Ludwigs-Maximilian University in Munich, Christoph Cremer proposed the development of a hologram-based laser scanning 4Pi microscope. The basic idea was to focus laser light from all sides (space angle 4Pi) in a spot with a diameter smaller than the conventional laser focus and to scan the object by means of this spot. In this manner, it should be possible to achieve an improved optical resolution beyond the conventional limit of approx. 200 nm lateral, 600 nm axial. Since 1992, 4Pi microscopy has been developed by Stefan Hell (Max-Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Göttingen) into a highly efficient, high-resolution imaging process, using two microscope objective lenses of high numeric aperture opposing each other.
Development of the first DNA laser-UV-microirradiation technique for living cells.
In the early 1970s, the brothers realized a UV laser micro irradiation instrument which for the first time made it possible to irradiate in a controlled manner only a tiny part of a living cell at the absorption maximum for DNA (257 nm). This replaced the conventional UV partial irradiation practiced for over 60 years. In this way, it was possible for the first time to induce alterations in the DNA in a focused manner (i.e. at predetermined places in the cell nucleus of living cells) without compromising the cells ability to divide and to survive. Specific very small cell regions could be irradiated and thus the dynamics of macromolecules (DNA) contained there quantitatively estimated. Furthermore, due to the high speed of the process using irradiation times of fractions of a second, it became possible to irradiate even moving cell organelles. This development provided the basis for important experiments in the area of genome structure research (establishing the existence of so-called chromosome territories in living mammalian cells) and led, a few years later (1979/1980) to a successful collaboration with the biologist Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard (Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen). In this collaboration Cremer used his UV laser micro irradiation equipment to elicit cellular changes in the early larval stages of the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster".
Development of the confocal laser scanning microscopy for fluorescence.
On the basis of experience gained in the construction and application of the UV laser micro irradiation instrument, the Cremer brothers designed in 1978 a laser scanning process which scans point-by-point the three-dimensional surface of an object by means of a focused laser beam and creates the over-all picture by electronic means similar to those used in scanning electron microscopes. It is this plan for the construction of a confocal laser scanning microscope (CSLM), which for the first time combined the laser scanning method with the 3D detection of biological objects labeled with fluorescent markers that earned Cremer his professorial position at the University of Heidelberg. During the next decade, the confocal fluorescence microscopy was developed into a technically fully matured state in particular by groups working at the University of Amsterdam and the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) in Heidelberg and their industry partners. In later years, this technology was adopted widely by biomolecular and biomedical laboratories and remains to this day the gold standard as far as three-dimensional light microscopy with conventional resolution is concerned.
Development of the super resolution microscopy methods.
The goal of microscopy is in many cases to determine the size of individual, small objects. Conventional fluorescence microscopy can only establish sizes to around the conventional optical resolution limit of approximately 200 nm (lateral). More than 20 years after submitting the 4 pi patent application, Christoph Cremer returned to the problem of the diffraction limit. 
With the Vertico SMI microscope he could realize his various super resolution techniques including SMI,SPDM, SPDMphymod and LIMON.
Spatially Modulated Illumination SMI.
Around 1995, he commenced with the development of a light microscopic process, which achieved a substantially improved size resolution of cellular nanostructures stained with a fluorescent marker. This time he employed the principle of wide field microscopy combined with structured laser illumination (spatially modulated illumination, SMI) Currently, a size resolution of 30 – 40 nm (approximately 1/16 – 1/13 of the wavelength used) is being achieved. In addition, this technology is no longer subjected to the speed limitations of the focusing microscopy so that it becomes possible to undertake 3D analyses of whole cells within short observation times (at the moment around a few seconds). Disambiguation SMI: S = spatially, M = Modulated I= Illumination.
Localization Microscopy SPDM.
Also around 1995, Cremer developed and realized new fluorescence based wide field microscopy approaches which had as their goal the improvement of the effective optical resolution (in terms of the smallest detectable distance between two localized objects) down to a fraction of the conventional resolution (spectral precision distance/position determination microscopy, SPDM; Disambiguation SPDM: S = Spectral, P = Precision, D = Distance, M = Microscopy).
Localization Microscopy SPDMphymod.
With this method, it is possible to use conventional, well established and inexpensive fluorescent dyes, standard like GFP, RFP, YFP, Alexa 488, Alexa 568, Alexa 647, Cy2, Cy3, Atto 488 and fluorescein.
3D Light microscopical nanosizing (LIMON) microscopy.
Combining SPDM and SMI, known as LIMON microscopy. Christoph Cremer can currently achieve a resolution of approx. 10 nm in 2D and 40 nm in 3D in wide field images of whole living cells. Widefield 3D "nanoimages" of whole living cells currently still take about two minutes, but work to reduce this further is currently under way. Vertico-SMI is currently the fastest optical 3D nanoscope for the three-dimensional structural analysis of whole cells worldwide 

</doc>
<doc id="20044944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044944" title="Virtual incumbent">
Virtual incumbent

The virtual incumbent or quasi-incumbent is the candidate in an election who campaigns "as though" he or she currently holds the office being contested, though the actual incumbent is not running for re-election. Traditionally, the quasi-incumbent will be the nominee from the party of the sitting office-holder. In the 2008 U.S. presidential election, however, virtual incumbency was also determined less formally, either by the policies of the actual candidates or the state of the polls. 
2008 U.S. presidential election.
Kevin Hassett used the idea in its traditional sense when discussing Ray Fair's model, which ties the incumbent's party to the current state of the economy. In 2008, however, argued Hassett,
The concept was used in a different way on "Face the Nation" on November 2, 2008 by Senator Lindsey Graham to describe Barack Obama's candidacy. This argument had been previously made by Dick Morris to suggest the likelihood that undecided voters would overwhelmingly vote for John McCain:
John Fund described Obama as the "quasi-incumbent" on CNN Late Edition on November 2, 2008, by which he also meant that the election had become "referendum on Barack Obama".
David Plouffe, Obama's campaign manager, had previously described Hillary Clinton as the "quasi-incumbent" during the primaries. As in the case of Obama himself, the characterization is intended to "downplay expectations of challenger's performance in upcoming polls".

</doc>
<doc id="20044969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044969" title="Joe Bainbridge">
Joe Bainbridge

Joe "Joseph" Bainbridge (11 March 1888–1954) was an English professional footballer. He spent ten years at Blackpool in the 1900s, making over 100 Football League appearances for the club. He played as a centre-forward.
Blackpool.
Bainbridge made his debut for Blackpool on 2 January 1911, in a 1–1 draw with Gainsborough Trinity at Bloomfield Road. He went on to make a further five appearances in the 1910–11 season, scoring once (in his second appearance, a 3–1 victory at Stockport County).
In the 1911–12 campaign, Bainbridge made ten league appearances. He didn't find the net in the league, but he did score in an FA Cup first-round (second replay) victory over Crewe Alexandra.
Bainbridge scored nine league goals in 1912–13, his third season with Blackpool, before being moved into a midfield role in 1913–14. After his change of position, he did not score again until the final game of the following 1914–15 term — the winner at Fulham on 24 April 1915.
In 1919–20, after four inter-war seasons, new "Seasiders" manager Bill Norman gave only one start to Bainbridge, at left-back as deputy to Horace Fairhurst. Blackpool lost the game, at South Shields, 0–6.
He was given two starts the following season, 1920–21, his final one with the club. The latter came in a 3–1 defeat at Nottingham Forest on 15 January 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="20044974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044974" title="Oberaarjoch">
Oberaarjoch

The Oberaarjoch (el. 3212 m.) is a high mountain pass across the eastern Bernese Alps, connecting the Fiescher Glacier in the canton of Valais with the Oberaar Glacier in the canton Bern. The pass is located between the Oberaarhorn on the north and the Oberaarrothorn on the south. Above the col, on the Valais side, lies the Oberaarjoch Hut.
The nearest settlement are Fieschertal (Valais) and Handegg (Bern).

</doc>
<doc id="20044985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044985" title="Miyoko Akashi">
Miyoko Akashi


</doc>
<doc id="20044996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20044996" title="Giovanni Melchiorre Calosso">
Giovanni Melchiorre Calosso

Giovanni Melchiorre Calosso (1759 – November 21, 1830) was an Italian priest. He is significant due to his mention in John Bosco's memoirs for having assisted Bosco greatly in becoming a priest himself.
Biography.
Little to nothing is known concerning Giovanni Calosso's youth. Later in his life, he graduated from the University of Turin with a degree in theology, in 1782. Nine years later, in 1791, he became the priest for the town of Bruino.
After 22 years in that role, in 1813, he left his parish in order to deal with his declining health. He became a guest of his brother, and the priest of the town Berzano di San Pietro. Later, in his 70th year, in 1829, he relocated and became Murialdo's chaplain.
It was there, in Murialdo, that he met young John Bosco. He was impressed by the youth's ability to memorize and recite that day's sermon, so much so that he decided to instruct Bosco personally, so that Bosco could become a priest as he wished. 
One year later, on November 21st, 1830, Giovanni Calosso was struck by apoplexy while Bosco was out on an errand. On his death bed, he asked to see Bosco one last time. Bosco ran to Calosso's house, where, just before he died, unable to speak because of the pain, Calosso gave Bosco the key to a drawer, telling him that what it contained was for him, and him alone. At the funeral, Bosco gave the key to Calosso's grandchildren. Contained within the safe was six thousand lira, which Bosco refused to accept, overcome with the loss of his father-figure.

</doc>
<doc id="20045001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045001" title="Frederick Thayre">
Frederick Thayre

Captain Frederick James Harry Thayre, MC & Bar (20 October 1894 – 9 June 1917) was a British two-seater flying ace in World War I who, in conjunction with his observer-gunners, was credited with twenty victories.
Background.
Thayre was born in London on 20 October 1894. He lived in Littlehampton prewar.
Involvement in World War I.
Thayre first flew operationally with No. 16 Squadron RFC (Royal Flying Corps) in France, in BE2 aircraft. In this two-seater aircraft, his first victory was achieved on 18 March 1916 when his observer, Lieutenant C. R. Davidson, shot down an attacking German Fokker E.III fighter aircraft. On 10 July, Second Lieutenant Thayre was promoted to Temporary Captain. On 1 September, he was granted permanent appointment as Lieutenant.
Thayre was later posted to No. 20 Squadron, flying FE2d aircraft. He teamed up with Francis Cubbon, with whom he claimed two victories on 29 April 1917.
On 1 May, the duo shot down an Albatros two-seater of FA 6, killing its crew of two, while on 3 May 1917 Thayre and Cubbon engaged twenty-six Albatros D.III scout aircraft, claiming two enemy aircraft shot down. At last, having exhausted their machine gun ammunition in that fight, Thayre and Cubbon used their automatic pistols as weapons of last resort. 
They would score fifteen victories together during the course of May 1917. When Britain's leading ace, Albert Ball crashed to his death on 7 May, Thayre found himself lagging only his own gunner, Cubbon, and Billy Bishop in the ace race of the Royal Flying Corps.
Killed in action.
On 7 June, Thayre and Cubbon shot down and killed the 5-victory ace "Leutnant" Weissner of Jasta 18. On 9 June 1917, their F.E.2d aircraft, No. A6430, received a direct hit from anti-aircraft fire from K Flak Battery 60 near Warneton and both men were killed.
The nineteen victories they shared included five D.IIIs shot down in flames, eleven destroyed, an Albatros C reconnaissance two-seater set afire, and another destroyed. Another D.III was driven down out of control. To that, Thayre added his victory with Davidson—a Fokker E.III fighter destroyed.
Along with his gunner Cubbon, Thayre was posthumously awarded a Military Cross and a Bar in lieu of a second award on 18 July 1917.
Honours and awards.
Military Cross (MC)
Military Cross (MC) Bar

</doc>
<doc id="20045004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045004" title="Alfaskop">
Alfaskop

Alfaskop was a brand, developed in Sweden by Standard Radio & Telefon AB (SRT) and applied to data terminals and later IBM-compatible PCs. The term was also used to name Alfaskop AB, a listed Swedish IT services company., that filed for bankruptcy in 2001.
History.
SRT, owned by the ITT Corporation during the 1960s, specialised in Air Traffic Control systems and military radar systems. In 1971, SRT provided the core technology for Stansaab AS, a joint venture with Saab and the state-owned Swedish Development Company. The company’s primary focus was systems for real-time data applied to commercial and aviation applications. To this was added the data terminal operations of Facit in 1972. 
The Alfaskop terminals quickly gained a foothold in the market for airline reservations with 1,000 in use at Scandinavian Airlines alone.
In 1978, Stansaab was merged with the Data Saab division of Saab to form Datasaab. In 1981, Ericsson, believing that growth in telecoms would be lower than that in IT, purchased Datasaab and integrated it with two of its own divisions to form Ericsson Information Systems (EIS). Accurately predicting convergence between telephony and data technologies, EIS instructed the Alfaskop group to begin working on a design for Ericsson's first PC – the EPC, which was released 16 months later in 1984.
Following market difficulties in the USA, particularly with a disappointing launch of its PC, Ericsson decided to abandon its "paperless office" strategy. In 1988, the division was sold to Nokia and later to ICL in 1990. The final act was its sale by ICL to Wyse Technology who eventually wound down manufacturing. Wyse Technology AB was closed in 1997.
The Alfaskop range.
Due to its work for the aviation industry, one of SRT’s core competencies was the display RADAR images. It was this expertise that led to the development of the Alfaskop terminal, which was inspired by the launch of IBM's range of display terminals. These terminals made interaction with computers much easier than with earlier punched card or paper tape interfaces. The alphanumeric, 80 character, 24 line terminal quickly became a standard. The Alfaskop terminals were designed to be pin compatible with the IBM equipment. The Alfaskop 3100, the first model, was designed to compete with the IBM 2260, while the later 3500 was developed in response to the IBM 3270. There followed a refreshed 3500 called System 37 followed by a System 41 – a new design.
The first Ericsson PC - the EPC, was released at the CeBit fair in Hanover in 1984. The Ericsson Portable PC followed a year later. In subsequent years, with the growth in demand for IBM-compatible PCs, several Alfaskop PC models were released.
While Ericsson had tried to build its own brand in the PC business, Nokia was willing to trade on the Alfaskop name. By 1989, they were showing the “Alfaskop Workgroup System” comprising 80386-based servers, 80286-based desktops and ethernet or token ring networking. Office software included the X400-compatible Alfaskop Mail, WordPerfect and Lotus Freelance. The systems were offered with either MS-DOS or OS/2.
Commercial Success.
The Alfaskop terminals enjoyed considerable success, even outselling IBM in some markets, particularly in Sweden. By the early 1980s the company had accumulated profits of about one billion kronor. Customers included airlines, newspapers, police, councils and telecommunications companies. 
A key benefit of the terminals was that they were IBM compatible but cost less. This meant discounts for volume customers made the terminals attractive. Reflecting the profit contribution made by Alfaskop (other product ranges at Stansaab/Datasaab were losing money), Ericsson invested 40 million kronor in the manufacturing facility at Järfalla outside Stockholm. Ericsson had predicted that their Eritex workstation comprising a telex and data terminal would take over from Alfaskop but demand continued with 100,000 units sold by 1983 with annual sales climbing above 25,000. Eritex was retired by the mid-1980s. Deliveries of Alfaskop continued through the Nokia years and by the time production ceased, more than 900 000 units had been shipped.
Alfaskop AB.
From 1990, Nokia Data encouraged the development of several franchise partners to drive sales of PCs and network technologies. From 1994 these companies were co-operating closely and delivering network technologies, Microsoft solutions, and systems integration. In 1995, these companies were merged to form Alfaskop AB.
In 1997, the company was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
By 2000, Alfaskop had 660 employees with 18 offices in Sweden. However, by 2001, the company was bankrupt and its remaining 400 employees were laid off. Business Wire reported that about half of the employees found employment at Meteorit AB, another IT consultancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20045020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045020" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The Women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
13 crews entered in two heats. The top three finishers in each heat advanced to the final while the rest advanced to the semifinal.
Overall Results Heats
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on 1 October. 
Fischer made history in this race in three ways. First, she became the first woman to win two or more medals in four Summer Olympics. Second, Fischer became the fourth woman to earn seven gold medals. Third, she joined American swimmer Jenny Thompson as the only non-gymnastics competitors to win ten medals in the Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20045051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045051" title="Beleichtungen">
Beleichtungen

Beleichtungen is the newer version of "Das Yiddishe Licht" which was published weekly in Jerusalem. Unlike its forerunner and umbrella company, it follows a more modern style with a more sophisticated graphic layout. While "Das Yiddishe Licht" had a paper cover including only a picture of another jewish leader, "Beleichtungen" is printed in glossy paper, and in full colored graphic. "Das Yiddishe Licht" was founded by R' Moshe Ehrntal, an activist of the Yishuv haYashan and had his fingerprints. 
"Beleichtungen" has semi-scholarly articles just like the "Maalos", but it favors a more down-to-earth style which is favored by women and children.
The main distribution method of "Beleichtungen" is by mail subscription.

</doc>
<doc id="20045068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045068" title="Namie Amuro Best Fiction tour 2008–2009">
Namie Amuro Best Fiction tour 2008–2009

Namie Amuro Best Fiction Tour 2008-2009 is the tenth concert tour by Japanese R&B/Pop singer and dancer, Namie Amuro in support of her greatest hits album, "Best Fiction" (2008). The tour began on October 25, 2008 at Makuhari Messe Event Hall in Chiba, Japan and will end on July 12, 2009 at Shanghai Grand Stage in Shanghai, China. The tour broke attendance records for Japanese solo female artists, playing to 500,000 fans across Japan, China and Taiwan.
Itinerary.
The initial tour dates were announced on May 27, 2008 with 25 stops in 15 cities across Japan. An additional 15 dates and an additional city were added on August 18, 2008 before the start of the tour.
On October 25, 2008, the tour began in Chiba, Japan at the Makuhari Messe Event Hall and continued through December 21, 2008 at Aoi-mori Arena in Aomori, Japan. Another round of 20 additional dates were added on December 29, 2008, bringing the total amount of dates in Japan to 60. The second leg of the tour began on January 14, 2009 at Sendai Hot House Arena in Miyagi, Japan and played its final show in on May 31 at the Morioka Ice Arena in Iwate, Japan.
On March 22, 2009, it was announced that the tour would be headed towards the Asian continent with four additional shows in Taiwan and China set respectively in June and July. Overall, the tour spanned a total of 10 months, 64 dates, 3 countries, with a total attendance of an estimated 500,000 people.
Set list.
The set list for the Best Fiction tour includes 16 of the 17 songs included on the Best Fiction compilation album. Several album songs from her two most recent studio albums, "Queen of Hip-Pop" (2005) and "Play" (2007) were also included. "Luvotomy" and "Black Diamond," originally collaborations with other artists are performed as solo versions. "Say the Word" released in 2001 is the oldest song included on the set list. It is only one of two songs including "Wishing On The Same Star" to be released before her transition to R&B music. This is her first tour to exclude any of her songs released with former producer, Tetsuya Komuro.
When the tour began on October 28, 2008, Amuro performed 28 songs. "Wild" and "Dr." were added to the set list prior to the release of their respective single on March 18, 2009.
Concert filming and recording.
The show at Yokohama Arena on March 7, 2009 was filmed and photographed for media outlets in print and television. Snippets of performances for "New Look," "Dr.," "Wild," and "Top Secret" were aired on several major entertainment news programs on March 8, 2009. Filming for a home video release of the tour originally took place on April 28 and April 29, 2009 at Yoyogi National Gymnasium in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan. However, fans reported Amuro being ill. She apologized to fans on her mobile blog for not being able to give them a worthy performance.
In an appearance with Sweet magazine, Amuro confirmed the home video release of the tour would instead be of her overseas concerts at the Taipei Arena in Taiwan in June. Her management site formally announced on July 21 the release of "Namie Amuro Best Fiction Tour 2008-2009" on DVD and Blu-ray on September 9, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20045086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045086" title="Alexander DeLeon">
Alexander DeLeon

Alexander Michael DeLeon (born April 8, 1989) is an American songwriter and lead singer for the Las Vegas pop rock band, The Cab. Alex formed the band in high school with former member Cash Colligan. The Cab was signed to Fueled By Ramen/Decaydance in 2007 and released their debut album, "Whisper War," in April 2008. In June 2011, The Cab parted ways with their label, Fueled By Ramen/Decaydance, and released their sophomore album, "Symphony Soldier", independently on August 23, 2011. In 2012 the band signed a major label record deal with Universal Republic Records. Alex is currently writing new songs for the band's upcoming third album. He is also working on designing clothes, and writing a book. 
On December 17, 2012 Alex announced that he would be releasing a clothing line featuring both male and female clothes. His clothing line is called 42799, Be the Black Sheep. The name comes from Frank Sinatra, a big influence on Alex, and a blog post Alex has written on his blog, called Black Sheep. The number 42799 related to Sinatra, because it was the number of Sinatra's Mug Shot. 

</doc>
<doc id="20045091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045091" title="Uruachi">
Uruachi

Uruachi (a name in the Tarahumara language of disputed meaning;
also known as Mineral de Urachi on account of its mining activities)
is a village in the Mexican state of Chihuahua, close to the border with the state of Sonora.
It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Uruachi. 
In the 2005 INEGI Census, Uruachi reported a total population of 806.
The settlement was founded by Jesuit missionaries in 1736.

</doc>
<doc id="20045094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045094" title="Aeropuertos del Perú">
Aeropuertos del Perú

Airports of Peru () is a private company that operates twelve regional airports in Peru - eleven in northern Peru - Tumbes, Talara, Piura, Chiclayo, Trujillo, Anta-Huaraz, Chachapoyas, Cajamarca, Tarapoto, Pucallpa, Iquitos; and one in the south: Pisco. This is the first group of regional airports the Government of Peru transferred to a private operator. The company was incorporated on October 30, 2006.
Airport Advisor.
ANA Aeroportos de Portugal. ANA's contribution to Aeropuertos del Perú is knowledge, know-how, experience and expertise in airports management. ANA operates six regional airports in Portugal: Flores, Horta, Ponta Delgada, Santa María, Lisboa and Faro.
Airports operated by Aeropuertos del Perú.
The following airports are operated by Aeropuertos del Perú (AdP). All but one (in Pisco) are located in Northern Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20045101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045101" title="Henry Beighton">
Henry Beighton

Henry Beighton (c. 20 August 1687 – 9 October 1743) was an English engineer and surveyor. 
He was born at Chilvers Coton near Nuneaton, Warwickshire and worked in the neighbouring village of Griff. In 1717, he published an engraving of the Newcomen engine erected there in 1714 by Thomas Newcomen. In 1718 he erected one at Oxclose colliery at Washington, County Durham. By measuring the work done by the Griff engine, he was able to compile a table of quantity of water that could be raised by an engine with a six-foot stroke working at 16 strokes per minute. He published this table in The Ladies' Diary which he edited at the time.
On his return to his native county he made a plane table and prepared a map of the county, which was published in 1728 at a scale of one inch to one mile. 
He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1720 and contributed four papers to the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society", including a description of his plane table, and of George Sorocold's waterworks at London Bridge. 
His interest in the working of the Griff engine brought him into contact with J. T. Desaguliers and contributed details and illustrations of hydraulic machines for the second volume of the latter's "Course of Experimental Philosophy", eventually published in 1744. This included a description by Beighton of an overshot mill, with an engraving of a corn mill by the abbey in Nuneaton. This is the earliest illustration of a mill where a single waterwheel drove more than one set of machinery. 
His outstanding county map of Warwickshire was one of the first soundly based on triginometrical survey methods. A remarkably wide range of features is depicted on the map, reflecting the whole life and economy of the county: Parish churches, chapels, depopulated places, seats of nobility, chases, parks, king's houses, monasteries, castles, Roman ways, etc. Beighton's map was well ahead of its time. 3

</doc>
<doc id="20045102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045102" title="Point Penmarc'h">
Point Penmarc'h

Point Penmarc'h, often spelled Point Penmarch, or in French Pointe de Penmarc'h, is the extremity of a small peninsula in Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France, and the northern limit of the Bay of Biscay.
It contains the fortified remains of a town which was of considerable importance from the 14th to the 16th centuries, and included today's commune of Penmarc'h, which covers the harbours of Saint-Guénolé and Kerity. The town owed its prosperity to its cod-banks, the disappearance of which together with the discovery of the Newfoundland cod-banks and the pillage of the place by the bandit La Fontenelle in 1595 contributed to its decline.
The Phare d'Eckmühl, a lighthouse with a light visible for 60 nautical miles (111 kilometers), stands on the point.

</doc>
<doc id="20045156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045156" title="Truncilla truncata">
Truncilla truncata

Truncilla truncata, common name the Deertoe, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20045177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045177" title="Battle of al-Harrah">
Battle of al-Harrah

The Battle of al-Harrah is a battle fought at al-Harrah on 26 Dhu al-Hijjah 63 H./26 August 683 CE, then lying to the northeast of Medina. The battle was fought against the armies of Yazid ibn Muawiyah by Abdullah ibn Zubayr and his allies, the people of Medina and several notable Sahabas, many of whom were killed in the battle. It is the second most infamous battle during the reign of Yazid bin Muawiyah, the 2nd Umayyad Caliph.
Background.
When Yazid ibn Muawiyah (Arabic:يزيد بن معاوية بن أبي سفيان) became Umayyad Caliph in 680 CE he faced two major crises. First was the dissent of Husayn ibn Ali (Arabic:حسين بن علي بن أبي طالب) and the other was the revolt of Abdullah ibn Zubayr (Arabic:عبد الله بن الزبير). Husayn ibn Ali rejected the legitimacy of Yazid ibn Muawiyah as Caliph, which ultimately led to his death in the Battle of Karbala on October 10, 680. This event further deepened the schism between Sunni and Shia denominations.
After killing of Husayn ibn Ali that Abdullah ibn Zubayr, the hero of the Battle of Sufetula which was fought in 647 against the Exarch Gregory of Byzantine Rome in Africa, decided to stand up against Yazid ibn Muawiyah. He refused to swear allegiance to Caliph Yazid ibn Muawiyah. Abdullah bin Zubayr later launched an insurgency in the Hejaz region, the heartland of Islam, where Makkah and Medina are located.
The people of Medina were not quick to join Abdullah ibn Zubayr’s revolt. They first sent their emissaries to speak with Yazid ibn Muawiyah but returned disenfranchised with his approach to the problems of the region, his general policies and governing style. When the emissaries returned they held a council with other Medinites of status and decided to expel the Umayyad Governor of Medina, Uthman ibn Muhammad, as well as his aide, Marwan ibn Hakam. Other Umayyad supporters were expelled along with them.
Yazid sent -from Syria- an army of 10,000 fighter against Medina in 683 under General Muslim bin Uqbah al-Marri. A young soldier, Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf, who later played a major role in the politics of the Umayyad Caliphate, was in this army and participated in the Battle of al-Harrah against the Medinites. Abu Sa`id al-Khudri, a Medinite Sahaba, also fought against the Umayyad army in this battle.
Aftermath.
Following their victory, the Syrian army looted the city for three consecutive days. A large number of occupants were killed. The depravity of the people of Medina by the Umayyad army became a "cause celebre" that was invoked by future generations. Muslim bin Uqbah al-Marri was henceforth known as "Musrif" meaning "he who exceeds all bounds of propriety". Medina was recaptured and Makkah was also besieged. During the siege, the Holy Kaaba was damaged. The siege ended when Yazid died suddenly in 683 CE.

</doc>
<doc id="20045178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045178" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 108">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 108

The 108th District is an electoral district for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and is currently represented by Republican Lynda Schlegel-Culver. The district is located in Northumberland and Snyder Counties and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20045179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045179" title="Louis Rocca">
Louis Rocca

Louis Rocca was born in Manchester between September and December 1882; and died 13 June 1950. He played a pivotal role in the development of Manchester United Football Club and had several roles within the club from the 1890s to the 1940s, most notably putting them in contact with Matt Busby in 1945; Busby would go on to manage the club for 25 years.
Biography.
Early years.
A family of Italian gelato purveyors, Louis Rocca (senior) and his wife Mary, emigrated to England in the early 1870s and established an ice cream business at 64 Rochdale Road in the Newton Heath district of Manchester. Their son, Louis Rocca (junior), began his association with Manchester United (then known as Newton Heath F.C.) in the 1890s when he got a job as a tea boy at the club's Bank Street ground. He even played for the club's reserve team on a couple of occasions.
Manchester United.
In 1902, the club was in severe financial difficulty but was saved at the 11th hour by local brewer John Henry Davies. He changed the club's colours from green and gold halves to red and white, but decided it would be more appropriate to convene a meeting of the club's fans, directors and other interested parties in order to determine a new name for the club. Rocca attended the meeting on 26 April 1902 and claims that, after hearing other people's suggestions of "Manchester Celtic" and "Manchester Central" be rejected for sounding "too Scottish" and "too industrial," he suggested the name "Manchester United." There is no documentary evidence that Rocca was actually the one to suggest the name "Manchester United," but Rocca maintained that Manchester United was his brainchild for the rest of his life. In 1903 Louis married Mary Emily Wrenshall and by 1911 he had taken over the family business and was living in Oldham Road in Manchester with his wife and four children. By the time of his mother's death in 1924, Louis was still managing the family Ice Cream and Confectionary business and he was father to nine children.
Assistant manager and James Gibson.
Over the years, Rocca came to be the club's chief "fixer" – if the club needed anything done, Rocca was the man for the job – until, in 1931, it was decided that he ought to be given some level of responsibility over the affairs of the team. With Herbert Bamlett's tenure as manager over, club secretary Walter Crickmer stepped into the breach as manager, with Rocca as his assistant. However, the club was yet again in financial turmoil at the time, and Rocca set about finding a new investor. The man he turned to was James W. Gibson, a partner in the clothing firm "Briggs, Jones and Gibson", who had made their money in the manufacture of Army uniforms. As well as being an entrepreneur, Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city's culture go under, so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion, it didn't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £2,000 in the club. Gibson then promised extra funds if other investors would match his £2,000 investment.
Chief scout.
One of the legacies of the Gibson administration at Manchester United was the Manchester United Junior Athletic Club (MUJAC). Set up at the behest of the supporters', the MUJAC was charged with bringing the best young players in the local area to Manchester United, with the aim of eventually filling the first team with local talent. Rocca was appointed as the MUJAC's chief scout, and, through his connections to the Manchester Catholic Sportsman's Club, he appointed a network of scouts from the Catholic Church.
The two names that Rocca's scouting system is best known for discovering are Johnny Carey and Stan Pearson, and both go to show the breadth of the club's scouting network. Pearson was a local boy who Rocca spotted playing for Adelphi Lads' Club as a 16-year-old before signing for the club as an amateur on 1 December 1935, while Carey was a native of Dublin. Rocca had actually intended to scout another player when he went over to Ireland, but he was so impressed with Carey's air of authority that he immediately signed him for £250.
Busby.
In 1932, United appointed Scott Duncan as manager, with Crickmer and Rocca reverting to their previous roles. However, Duncan resigned in 1937, and the two backroom men stepped into the breach again. They were in charge for two seasons before the outbreak of the Second World War and the suspension of all football in Britain. By the end of the war, the United board decided that a new permanent manager should be installed, and Rocca knew just the man, telling the board to "leave it to ". In 1930, Rocca had attempted to sign Manchester City wing-half Matt Busby for United, but the club was unable to pay the £150 transfer fee.
Nevertheless, Rocca and Busby stayed in touch, both being members of the Manchester Catholic Sportsman's Club, and when Rocca learned that Busby had been offered the manager's job at his then-club, Liverpool, he immediately wrote Busby a letter (addressed to his army regiment, in case it was intercepted by the Liverpool management) informing him of the job opportunity at United. Busby turned up at James Gibson's Trafford Park factory in February 1945 with demands for unprecedented control over the football team, but Rocca reassured his chairman that the Scot was the right man for the job and the contract was signed that day.
Later years and death.
In the first few years after Busby's appointment as manager, the Manchester United team was almost entirely composed of players discovered by Rocca and his scouting system. Then, in 1948, Rocca had the ultimate honour bestowed upon him as his protégés won the FA Cup. In the team that day, Crompton, Carey, Aston, Anderson, Morris, Pearson and Mitten had all come through the youth system. However, this was to be his last major contribution to the club, as he died in 1950, bringing an association with the club of more than 50 years to an end. His legacy would continue, though, through Joe Armstrong, the man appointed as Rocca's replacement in the role of chief scout. Like Rocca, Armstrong would seek out the best young players in the Manchester area, and even further afield as the North East of England, where he discovered a 15-year-old Bobby Charlton in 1953.
In 2005, Rocca was honoured with the naming of an annual football match after him. The match was originally to be played between Salford Boys and Manchester Boys, but Manchester Boys were uninterested and Glasgow Boys were chosen as the opposition for the Salford side, in recognition of the ties between the cities of Manchester and Glasgow. The match, named "The Louis Rocca Trophy", was conceived by Salford-based artist Harold Riley, who had himself been a player for Salford Boys and a discovery of Rocca's for Manchester United, and Manchester-based restaurateur Bruno Cabrelli. Rocca was chosen as the inspiration for the match because, according to Riley, "one person never mentioned when people talk about United's history is Louis Rocca". Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson convinced Nike to provide both teams with kits for the occasion. Two matches were played on the inaugural occasion, one for the senior teams of both clubs and one for the juniors, with Glasgow Boys winning both; they won the senior match 1–0 and the junior match 5–4.

</doc>
<doc id="20045183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045183" title="Truncilla">
Truncilla

Truncilla is a genus of freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20045210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045210" title="Birger Forell">
Birger Forell

Birger Forell (born September 27, 1893 in Söderhamn, Sweden; † July 4, 1958 in Borås, Schweden) was a priest. He supported refugees, deported and prisoners of war during the second World War and afterwards.
There is a memorial dedicated to him in the Swedish Church in Berlin. In 1993, a postage stamp was released to commemorate his 100th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20045233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045233" title="Passions (philosophy)">
Passions (philosophy)

In philosophy and religion the passions are the instinctive, emotional, primitive drives in a human being (including, for example, lust, anger, aggression and jealousy) which a human being must restrain, channel, develop and sublimate in order to be possessed of wisdom. Passions in religion and philosophy have a different connotation from the popular concept of passion which is generally seen as a positive emotion. The philosophical notion of passion, in contrast, is identified with innate or biologically driven emotional states regarded in ancient philosophies and the great religions as being the basis for deadly sins and seen as leading to various social and spiritual ills such as unstable relationships, broken marriages, lack of social integration, psychological disorders and other problems. In the philosophical tradition of the west passion is often placed in opposition to reason. Reason is advocated in the control of passion, something seen as desirable and necessary for the development of a mature, civilized human being. This is achieved by the cultivation of virtue. Four virtues in particular have long been seen as of especial value in this regard.
The majority of philosophies and religions advocate at the very least tempering the passions to keep them within acceptable bounds. However most of the great religions recommend both the restraint and the transformation of the passions to the point where they no longer arise. This is true of Christianity (a religion strongly influenced by both Stoicism and Cynicism), Jainism, Buddhism, Islam and Hinduism. The institution of the monastery within various religions is a means by which human beings may temporarily or permanently seclude themselves from circumstances exacerbating the arising of passion and provide a supportive environment for doing spiritual work.
Contemporary philosopher Roberto Mangabeira Unger has developed a view of the passions that disassociates them from human nature, and instead gives them a formless life that serve in our noninstrumental dealings with each other. Rather than the guiding force behind our relations with the world, they organize and are organized around the need and danger that is at the heart of our relations with each other. In this way, Unger rejects the traditional view of the passions as something counter to reason and which are associated with certain expressions, rather he sees them at the service of reason and their expression formed within certain contexts.
Background.
The subject of the passions has long been a consideration in Western philosophy. According to European philosopher Michel Meyer they have aroused harsh judgments as the representation of a force of excess and lawlessness in humanity that produces troubling, confusing paradoxes. Meyers sees philosophers has having treated the passions as a given expression of human nature, leaving the question of whether the passions "torture people because it blinds them, or, on the contrary, does it permit them to apprehend who and what we really are?"
Spinoza.
The seventeenth century Dutch philosopher Spinoza contrasted "action" with "passion," as well as the state of being "active" with the state of being "passive." A passion, in his view, happened when external events affect us partially such that we have confused ideas about these events and their causes. A "passive" state is when we experience an emotion which Spinoza regarded as a "passivity of the soul." The body's power is increased or diminished. Emotions are bodily changes plus ideas about these changes which can help or hurt a human. It happens when the bodily changes we experience are caused primarily by external forces or by a mix of external and internal forces. Spinoza argued that it was much better for the individual himself to be the only adequate cause of bodily changes, and to act based on an adequate understanding of causes-and-effects with ideas of these changes logically related to each other and to reality. When this happened the person is "active," and Spinoza described the ideas as adequate. But most of the time, this does not happen, and Spinoza, along with Freud, saw emotions as more powerful than reason. Spinoza tried to live the life of reason which he advocated.
Unger.
Contemporary philosopher Roberto Mangabeira Unger rejects the Western philosophical tradition that views the passions as irrational emotion that must be tamed by reason. Rather, Unger sees the passions as our raw responses to the world that do not have a predetermined expression—they are first internal states which come to assume external expressions. These passions are not in conflict with reason and need to be tamed, but rather are ambivalent towards reason and can also act in the service of reason. He outlines nine passions that organize and are organized by our dealings with others: lust, despair, hatred, vanity, jealousy, envy, faith, hope, and love. While these emotional states may be seen as raw emotion, their expression is always conditioned by the context within which the individual mobilizes or learns to mobilize them.

</doc>
<doc id="20045264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045264" title="Class 71">
Class 71

Class 71 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20045267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045267" title="Big Fish Golf Club">
Big Fish Golf Club

The Big Fish Golf Club is a public golf course in Hayward, Wisconsin, in Sawyer County, Wisconsin, United States. Golfweek has rated it the "#7 Public Course in Wisconsin". It was designed in 2004 by the renowned golf architect, Pete Dye.

</doc>
<doc id="20045294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045294" title="Alvarado Estates, San Diego">
Alvarado Estates, San Diego

Alvarado Estates is a neighborhood in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20045297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045297" title="Vickers Medium Tank">
Vickers Medium Tank

The Vickers Medium Tank may refer to one of the series of tanks built by Vickers-Armstrong during the 1920s:

</doc>
<doc id="20045302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045302" title="WNDH">
WNDH

WNDH (103.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Napoleon, Ohio, USA, the station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications. 
WNDH began broadcasting in 1972 and originally featured a beautiful music format, which has been updated over the years to the current AC sound. The station's coverage area in northwestern Ohio includes the cities of Defiance, Bryan and Wauseon in addition to Napoleon.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20045309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045309" title="Valle de Zaragoza">
Valle de Zaragoza

Valle de Zaragoza is a settlement in the Mexican state of Chihuahua.
It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Valle de Zaragoza. Ranchera singer Francisco Avitia was born in Valle de Zaragoza.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 4,341, with 1,871 of those living in the municipal seat. 
History.
Valle de Zaragoza was founded on 10 December 1780, as Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Conchos; it later became known as Pilar de Conchos.
Its current name, given to it on 28 April 1864, honours General Ignacio Zaragoza and his defeat of the French in the Battle of Puebla of 5 May 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="20045310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045310" title="Class 72">
Class 72

Class 72 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20045317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045317" title="Stephen A. Zeff">
Stephen A. Zeff

Stephen A. Zeff is the current Herbert S. Autrey Professor of Accounting at the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management, Rice University, Houston, Texas, United States, and as of 2002 he was inducted as the 70th member of the Accounting Hall of Fame. Stephen A. Zeff holds B.S. and M.S. degrees from the University of Colorado, M.B.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Michigan, and an honorary doctorate in Economics from the Turku School of Economics and Business Administration, in Finland. From the Jones School's faculty page:
He is author or editor of 25 books and has written more than 100 articles and comments. He serves on the editorial board of more than 20 research journals edited in ten countries, and he recently completed six years' service as book review editor of The International Journal of Accounting. He has been a visiting professor at the University of California at Berkeley, University of Chicago, Harvard Business School, Northwestern University, and the University of Texas at Austin, and at universities in Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20045318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045318" title="Samuel Norton">
Samuel Norton

Samuel Norton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20045325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045325" title="Lucky tattie">
Lucky tattie

The lucky tattie is a type of traditional sweet made in Scotland. The lucky tattie is flavoured with cassia, and steamed and covered with cinnamon powder. 

</doc>
<doc id="20045365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045365" title="The Bund II">
The Bund II

The Bund II is a Hong Kong period drama television series broadcast on TVB in 1980. It is a direct sequel to "The Bund", also produced and released by TVB earlier in the same year. A sequel, "The Bund III", was released by TVB later that year.
Plot.
The story continues from after Hui Man-keung's death in "The Bund". Hui's best friend, Ting Lik, now controls the Shanghai triad world and he seeks to avenge Hui. Ting sends Chan Cheung-kwai to hunt down those responsible for murdering Hui, which leads to a series of killings.
At the same time, Ting is depressed after receiving news that his lover, Ching-ching, has become a nun. He decides to find another girlfriend, whom he has no romantic feelings for, just to cheer his mother up. By coincidence, Ting meets Chu Yin-yin and he falls in love with her. Just as their relationship is developing well, a gentlemanly and wealthy businessman named Tik Wan-chi appears and Yin-yin becomes attracted to Tik. The three of them are drawn into a complex love triangle.
Actually, Tik's immense wealth comes from secret financial support by the Japanese. Tik invites Ting to become his business partner and Ting reaps great rewards from their partnership. However, Tik's goal is to pave a path for the Japanese to take control of Shanghai.
Ting eventually learns of Tik's background after cooperating with him for some time. He is also shocked to discover that Tik is actually the mastermind behind Hui's assassination. Ting enters a dilemma on whether to kill Tik. He intends to kill Tik to avenge his friend and prevent the Japanese from taking over Shanghai. However, he is also hesitant when he sees that Yin-yin truly loves Tik and when he feels that he does not want to lose Tik as a business partner. Eventually, Ting decides to turn against Tik to uphold justice and his decision will stir up big trouble in Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="20045369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045369" title="WOGI">
WOGI

WOGI (104.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Froggy branded Country music format. Licensed in the Pittsburgh suburb of Moon Township, Pennsylvania, USA, the station serves both the Wheeling, West Virginia metropolitan area and the Pittsburgh Media Market. The station is currently owned by Keymarket Licenses, LLC.
History.
WOGI signed on the air April 15, 1959 as WOHI-FM, the FM sister station of WOHI, 
both owned by East Liverpool Broadcasting Company.
WOHI and WOHI-FM were sold to Constrander Corporation, owned by Joseph D. Coons for $175,000 on December 20, 1960.
The acquisition of the stations took effect January 27, 1961.
WOHI-FM changed callsigns to WRTS in June 1967,
and in November 1971, Coons sold both WOHI and WRTS to Frank Mangano for $290,493. However, the name of the company remained the same under the new owner.
WRTS changed callsigns once again to WELA in May 1974. In the mid-1970s, WELA was an easy listening format.
By 1981, the easy listening format was dropped in favor of a C&W format. By the late 1990s, the station had a classic hits format dubbed "Classic Hits 104". 
Keymarket purchased both WOHI and WELA in 2000. 
Froggyland.
WOGI and sister WOGH have a slight bit of signal overlap in "Froggyland", specifically Beaver County, Pennsylvania and the west hills of Pittsburgh. Both signals, as well as the former main "Froggy", now WPKV, are clearly heard in areas near the Pittsburgh International Airport. WOGI has a large signal, as well. WOGI can be effectively be heard on car radios from St. Clairsville, Ohio to Ligonier, Pennsylvania to Youngstown, Ohio to Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.
WOGI is the flagship station of the Froggyland network of stations in the region, which also includes: 
(Covering Fayette, Greene, Westmoreland Counties) 
Prior to becoming WOGG, 94.9 was home to WASP-FM, also running a country format. WOGG's class A signal blankets the Mon Valley and southern-most regions of the Pittsburgh Media Market. Cities targeted include Uniontown, Connellsville, Belle Vernon, Monessen, Monongahela Masontown, Waynesburg.
(Serving Washington, Beaver, the South Hills and West Hills of Allegheny County. Also, serves Brooke, Hancock, and Ohio Counties in West Virginia; Jefferson and Belmont County in Ohio) 
Prior to becoming WOGH, 103.5 had the WOGE calls for a brief time. Prior to being WOGE, 103.5 was licensed to Steubenville, Ohio and known as WRKY, lastly as a country format. "Rocky 103" targeted the rust-belt Steubenville-Weirton market primarily and the Washington and Wheeling markets secondarily. Since the city of license change to nearby Burgettstown across the border in Washington County, the focus has shifted to serve the South Hills and West Hills of Pittsburgh. Specifically, the cities targeted are Washington, Canonsburg, Peters Township, Bethel Park, Bridgeville, Coraopolis, Robinson, Carnegie. Steubenville, Weirton, Wellsburg, Toronto all still receive an easily receivable signal. WOGH realistically has the largest effective coverage area of all of the "Froggyland" stations. Typical car radios can receive 103.5 from St. Clairsville, Ohio to Seven Springs, Pennsylvania to Morgantown, West Virginia to Grove City, Pennsylvania.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20045371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045371" title="The Bund III">
The Bund III

The Bund III is a Hong Kong period drama television series broadcast on TVB in 1980. The series is a direct sequel to "The Bund" and "The Bund II", which were both released earlier in the same year.
Plot.
The story continues from the end of "The Bund II" and chronicles the final years of Ting Lik's long reign as master of the Shanghai triad world.

</doc>
<doc id="20045381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045381" title="Adam Menelaws">
Adam Menelaws

Adam Menelaws, also spelled Menelas (born between 1748 and 1756, presumably in Edinburgh – died 31 August 1831 in Saint Petersburg, ) was an architect and landscape designer of Scottish origin, active in the Russian Empire from 1784 to 1831. Menelaws achieved success in the first two decades of the 19th century as the designer of town and country residences and parks of Razumovsky and Stroganov families, and later worked for emperor Alexander I, specializing in Gothic Revival architecture. From 1825 to 1831 Menelaws, then in his seventies, became the first house architect of Nicholas I and de facto the leading architect of the Empire. Except for this final, properly evidenced, stage, life story of Adam Menelaws remains scarcely documented and has been reconstructed by biographers based on sketchy archive data and circumstantial evidence; Menelaws still "belongs to the category of almost unknown".
Biography.
The Scottish origin of Menelaws was confirmed by the architect himself to A. B. Granville, an English traveler who published a report of his journey in London in 1828. There is no other reliable evidence of his early years, education and experience prior to arriving in Russia in 1784. Members of Menelaws family were construction contractors in Argyll; Howard Colvin and Dmitry Shvidkovsky suggest that Adam Menelaws belonged to the same family, but this opinion has not been reliably confirmed by archive research. Historians split over the year of his birth: a 1784 immigration record suggests that he arrived in Russia at the age of 35, i.e. born in or around 1748, while the funeral records of the English church in Saint Petersburg state the year of his birth as 1756. In 1803 Menelaws asserted that he hails from a noble English family, but Russian authorities refused to honour his claim.
In early 1780s Charles Cameron, an architect employed by Catherine II since 1779, published a job offer in "Edinburgh Evening News", signed "Catherine of Russia", inviting skilled construction workers to join his Tsarskoye Selo project. 73 craftsmen, including Adam Menelaws, agreed to move to Russia (many took their families with them), causing a futile protest of the Foreign Office. All were sufficiently qualified to become professional architects or at least architect's trainees in Russia; Cameron ranked Menelaws as the one of two best stonemasons - the "vaulting master". Menelaws signed for a three-year contract to build the Cold Baths near Saint Petersburg, agreeing also to train a class of Russian craftsmen. Apparently the number of Scottish professionals was too big for Cameron, and one year later Menelaws left him and joined the service of Nikolay Lvov. 
Lvov, an amateur composer, poet and Palladian architect was at that time aide to statesman Alexander Bezborodko. Historians divide over his role in Menelaws career: tradition held it that Lvov promoted Menelaws, introducing him to the Crown projects, while later researchers assert that, on the contrary, Lvov's influence slowed down Menelaws career. Instead of architecture, in May 1785 Lvov engaged Menelaws and William Heste in search for coal fossils (at that time Russian metallurgy was dependent on either charcoal or imports from England and Wales). In 1786 Menelaws found commercial-grade ("not inferior to that of Newcastle") coal near Borovichi; by 1790 the coal research team increased to 10 professionals. It is quite likely, however, that Lvov used the state-sponsored quest for coal as a cover to extract a talented architect for his own use: in 1785–1794 Menelaws was regularly involved in Lvov's construction projects. Another Scot, Walter Irving, was employed by Lvov to construct his idealist "Sun Temple", a country estate in Tver Oblast; its circular arcade, resembling the henges of Britain, was later recreated in Menelaws' own designs. The rotunda motive, common to Menelaws later works, was most likely inspired by Lvov.
Menelaws married Elizabeth Cave in 1792; the ceremony was attended by Lvov, Alexey Olenin (president of the Imperial Academy of Arts) and numerous members of the English and Scottish diaspora. In 1795 Menelaws began gradually separating from Lvov's service after the construction of the Saint Joseph cathedral in Mahilyow, but the two remained in contact until Lvov's sudden death in 1803. Meanwhile, Menelaws remained a Russian state servant of a small rank since his arrival. After Lvov's death he attempted to retire immediately, but, faced with refusal in pension benefits, preferred to remain in service until 1806. According to Anthony Cross, "the late burgeoning of Menelaws talent" probably occurred only after Lvov' death, during his work for the Razumovsky family.
In the 19th century Menelaws created a string of English gardens for the Razumovskys; the best known, in Gorenki (present-day Balashikha), was included in John Claudius Loudon's "The Encyclopedia of Cottage, Farm, Villa Architecture" for its landscaping and a private botanical garden. Historians split on the issue whether Gorenki was designed primarily by Menelaws or by Lvov. In 1801–1802 Menelaws designed and built the Razumovsky Palace in Basmanny District of Moscow; the palace was destroyed by the Fire of 1812 and later reconstructed by Afanasy Grigoriev. Another large park, Stroganov's Maryino, was laid down near Saint Peterburg in 1813. All these landscaping projects perished by the end of 19th century. Menelaws park designs always employed a Gothic ruin as a visual anchor. Menelaws was instrumental in operations of the Maryino school established by the Golitsyns in 1819, teaching the peasants the craft of cob construction. Introduction of cob technology in Russia is usually credited to Lvov, but may also be linked directly to Menelaws's Scottish experience. Dmitry Shvidkovsky suggested that Menelaws, not Cameron, was the designer of the Razumovsky palace in Baturin, but other historians reject this opinion.
In the 1810s Alexander I invited Menelaws to redesign the Alexander's Park in Tsarskoye Selo, starting with an old dilapidated menagerie. The new plan proposed by Menelaws created an illusion of a completely novel design, yet carefully preserved the structure of a regular park shaped in the previous century; according to Lvov, Menelaws "merged the art of Kent and Le Nôtre". Menelaws designed and built 12 structures, including the Egyptian Gates and three park pavilions: the large "Arsenal" (1819–1834) built on the site of "Mon Bijou" built by Francesco Bartolomeo Rastrelli in 1750s, the "White Tower" (1821–1827), a house for the young Grand Dukes and the "Chapel" (1825–1828), a folly providing living quarter to the palace chaplain. Use of an eclectic, pan-European romanticism was justified as a symbol of the New Europe shaped at the Congress of Vienna, but was also a sign of Alexander's turn to mysticism. Alexander's Park was occupied by Nicholas I, then heir presumptive, who also leaned to eclecticism and medieval legacy, as would be evidenced later by his reign. 
Nicholas became Menelaws' "most appreciative patron who provided him with the opportunity at a very advanced stage of life". Indeed, his most important commission, the Alexandria Park, was started when the architect was at least around 70 years old.
Shortly before his death in 1824, Alexander I granted a lot of land on the coast of Gulf of Finland, east of Petergof, to Nicholas I. The new Alexandria Park, commissioned to Menelaws, became the last, and best preserved of the architect's projects. The work started with landscaping the territory and digging two large artificial pools; after Alexander's death, Nicholas commissioned Menelaws to build his summer residence, the asymmetrical "Cottage". Externally, it was more English than Gothic; Gothic influence was more obvious in the interiors designed by Menelaw. The park, laid down in English style, featured winding walkways around ponds, and had a Gothic Chapel (private church of the House of Romanov, designed by Karl Friedrich Schinkel) as its focal point (it was completed by Ludwig Charlemagne three years after Menelaws' death). It was suggested that Nicholas actually planned to relocate the remains of Alexander Nevsky into the chapel. The park also had facilities of the lesser rank: an animal sanctuary for old horses retired from the palace service, a farm and a menagerie with llama and elephant pavilions. Elephants lived in Alexandria until 1911 and were allowed to roam free in the summer.
Menelaws died in Saint Petersburg during the cholera epidemic of 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="20045389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045389" title="Roy Pierpoint">
Roy Pierpoint

Roy Pierpoint (born 1929 in Weybridge) was a British racing driver who drove in saloons and sports cars.
Racing career.
His first race was in 1949, at a BARC meeting driving a Fiat 1100 special, which he built himself: "very neat was Pierpont's (sic) F.I.A.T. 1,100 with aerodynamic but not all-enveloping bodywork, two Amal carburetters, a neat silencer in its straight exhaust pipe and an oil-cooler ahead of the main radiator." He finished seventh in a 3-lap handicap.
Pierpoint raced very little after that until 1961. In 1962 he drove in several events including the BRDC Trophy at Silverstone, the Guards Trophy and the Brands Six Hour Race where he finished third in his class alongside Bruce Halford. Also that year, he achieved some success at Hill Climb events. He continued in sports car racing in 1963 and 1964, again in the Guards Trophy. In 1968 he was in the Nürburgring 1000 km race in a Ford GT40, but did not finish. Two years in 1968 and 1969 in Denmarks Jyllands-Ringen, with two wins from four races.
He was best known for his time driving in the British Saloon Car Championship, with a total of fourteen race wins. In his first year in 1965, he won the Championship for Alan Mann Racing, driving a V8 4.7-litre Ford Mustang: "After a struggle throughout 1965 against the Austin Mini-Cooper S of Warwick Banks.." The championship was won after a protest against the car of Jack Brabham, which was found to have illegal modifications. He raced a Ford Falcon the following year, which was not competitive enough to defend his title. He stuck with the Falcon for another three years. In 1968 he finished fifth on points and in 1969 he finished third in the championship. He spent two more years in the BSCC, but did not come close to winning the title in a Chevrolet Camaro.

</doc>
<doc id="20045391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045391" title="Louis Hasselriis">
Louis Hasselriis

Louis Hasselriis (12 January 1844 – 20 May 1912) was a Danish sculptor known for his public statuary.
Biography.
He studied under Herman Wilhelm Bissen. From 1869 and for the rest of his life he lived in Rome, but retained strong links with his homeland and also with the USA. In Denmark he created a statue of William Shakespeare for Elsinore and memorials to national heroes such as Peder Griffenfeld and Søren Kierkegaard, both in Copenhagen. Versions of Hasselriis' statue of Hans Christian Andersen exist in Odense and in New Jersey. 
His memorial to Heinrich Heine marks the poet's grave in Montparnasse cemetery in Paris. A full size statue of the German-Jewish poet was also created for Empress Elizabeth of Austria. After her death it was removed from its original location by the antisemitic Kaiser Wilhelm II, and was rejected when offered to the city of Hamburg. With the rise of the Nazis, it was moved out of Germany to be erected in the Jardin d'acclimatation du Mourillon, Toulon. Though it survived the war, other Hasselriis statues were melted down to make munitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20045399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045399" title="Oslo Dumping Convention">
Oslo Dumping Convention

The Convention for the Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping from Ships and Aircraft also called the Oslo Convention was an international agreement designed to control the dumping of harmful substances from ships and aircraft into the sea. It was adopted on February 15, 1972 in Oslo, Norway and came into force on April 7, 1974. Original signatories were Denmark, France, Iceland, Norway, Portugal, Spain, and Sweden. Later members included the United Kingdom (1975), the Netherlands (1975), Germany (1977), Finland (1979), Ireland (1982), and Belgium (1985). 
The area covered by the treaty included the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans north of latitude 36°N, east of longitude 42°W and west of longitude 51°E, excluding the Baltic and Mediterranean Seas
The Convention prohibited the dumping of halocarbons and organosilicon (with some exceptions), mercury and mercury compounds, cadmium and cadmium compounds, non-biodegradable plastics and other persistent materials, as well as "substances which have been agreed between the Contracting Parties as likely to be carcinogenic under the conditions of disposal." It also restricted and required a permit for the dumping of arsenic, lead, copper, zinc and their compounds, as well as cyanides, and fluorides, pesticides, containers, "tar-like substances", scrap metal, and "other bulky wastes."
It also defined the considerations to be made in the issuance of dumping permits by each signatory state and required them to enforce the agreement within their territorial sea and make efforts to prevent dumping of materials outside the agreement's defined borders. 
The convention was amended once, in December, 1981, which amendment came into force in February, 1982. The Oslo Convention was replaced by the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North-East Atlantic or "OSPAR Convention" when it came into force on March 25, 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="20045414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045414" title="WOHC">
WOHC

WOHC (90.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Chillicothe, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by EMF Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20045428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045428" title="Milroy's disease">
Milroy's disease

Milroy's disease is a familial disease characterised by lymphedema, commonly in the legs, caused by congenital abnormalities in the lymphatic system. Disruption of the normal drainage of lymph leads to fluid accumulation and hypertrophy of soft tissues. It is also known as Milroy disease, Nonne-Milroy-Meige syndrome and hereditary lymphedema.
It was named by Sir William Osler for William Milroy, an American physician, who described a case in 1892, though it was first described by Rudolf Virchow in 1863.
Description.
The defect in Milroy's disease is present from birth and symptoms are usually first experienced in childhood. The most common problem is one-sided leg swelling, unilateral edema, which is progressive and can affect both legs. Impaired intestinal lymphatics can cause steatorrhea due to impaired transport of chylomicrons. Defective lymphocyte circulation can cause lymphopenia and impaired cell-mediated immunity.
This disease is more common in women and an association with the gene FLT4 has been described.

</doc>
<doc id="20045436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045436" title="25 Scorpii">
25 Scorpii

25 Scorpii is a star in the Scorpius constellation and located 755 lightyears from Earth with a visual magnitude of 6.72.

</doc>
<doc id="20045446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045446" title="Breakfast (disambiguation)">
Breakfast (disambiguation)

Breakfast is the first meal of the day. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20045454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045454" title="Luigi Petrucci">
Luigi Petrucci

Luigi Petrucci (born 13 September 1956 in Naples) is an Italian film and television actor.
Petrucci made his debut in the entertainment world as a stage actor, on stage in numerous Italian cities. By an active career, he finally entered the world of television and films. During his career he has taken part in several television series and TV movies, mainly for RAI productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20045466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045466" title="Natalia París">
Natalia París

Natalia París Gaviria (born August 12 of 1973, Medellín, Colombia) is a Colombian model. She is one of the most recognized models in Colombia, and offers her own brand of personal care products under her name.
Biography.
Natalia, whose mother was also a model, did not receive her high school diploma from San Jose del la Vegas School. Lately, she has done a lot of work raising money for poor children both in her own country and elsewhere in the world. Presently, she is the exclusive model for Crystal Gold Beer and Besame Lingerie.
She was identified as the girlfriend of a top Colombian drug lord in the April 2011 "Atlantic" magazine.
Hormone-injected chicken controversy.
On 18 March 2013, Paris appeared on the television programme "La Red TV" and espoused claims that children become homosexual after eating hormone-injected chicken. She attempted to clarify her opinion by making further claims that the hormones are responsible for causing puberty to occur earlier in girls.
The National Federation for Colombian Poultry Farmers (FENAVI) president Andrés Fernando Moncada rebuked the claims, arguing there were no injected hormones or commercial entities producing hormones for use in chicken.

</doc>
<doc id="20045468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045468" title="Thronar">
Thronar

Thronar was a viking metal/black metal band from the Netherlands. The band released a discography consisting of three demos, one split album, and two full-length albums.
History.
Thronar formed under the name "Cerberus" in 1998 by guitarists Otto van Beusekom and Reamon Bloem, with drummer Joost Westdijk (of Bolthorn). The band got serious when joined by Nathalia Hoogkamer (keyboards) and Marin (vocals). Under the name Cerberus they released two demos, "A Journey Must Begin..." and "One Man's Faith". In 2002, they changed their name to Thronar because there were many bands called Cerberus, and because they started playing a different style, from black metal to viking metal.
The band have commented on being influenced by the early Norwegian black metal scene; they claim to be atheistic, though they respect certain forms of Satanism. Ideologically, the band hearkens back to old myths and mysticism.
In 2003, Thronar recorded a promo consisting of four tracks, which led to the band getting signed to Seven Kingdoms Records. Shortly afterward, the band made a split with three other bands, "Arnhem Trolleymetaal".
In 2005, Thronar's debut album, "For Death and Glory", was released through Seven Kingdoms. The album received positive reviews and was reprinted several times.
Shortly after in 2006 Reamon decided to fully concentrate on guitar and Koen was brought on for vocal duties. In this lineup the band toured with bands such as Eluveitie, Moonsorrow, Ensiferum, Arch Enemy, Korpiklaani, and In Extremo.
Thronar's second album, "Unleash the Fire", was released in 2008 on Twilight Records.
In 2009, Thronar's vocalist, Reamon Bloem, left the band and a replacement was sought. However, following this, Thronar declared that they were split up.

</doc>
<doc id="20045484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045484" title="Biinjitiwabik Zaaging Anishnabek First Nation">
Biinjitiwabik Zaaging Anishnabek First Nation

The Biinjitiwaabik Zaaging Anishinaabek (formerly known as Rocky Bay First Nation, and occasionally known as Biinjitiwaabik Zaagiing Anishinaabeg) is an Ojibway First Nation in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. Their territory is located on the Rocky Bay 1 Indian reserve in Greenstone, Ontario, bordering on the community of Macdiarmid. In October 2008, they had a total registered population of 678 people, of which 327 people lived on their own Indian reserve. The Nation is led by Chief Bart Hardy. The council is a member of Nokiiwin Tribal Council, a Regional Chiefs' Council, and is member of Union of Ontario Indians, a Tribal Political Organization. The First Nation is also a member of Waaskiinaysay Ziibi Inc., an economic development corporation made up of five Lake Nipigon First Nations.
History.
The first nation's television series Spirit Bay was filmed here in the 1980s. A modern school in Rocky Bay has been named the "Spirit Bay School" after the series. 
In June 1994, the Chiefs at the Anishinabek Grand Council on the Rocky Bay First Nation, directed that, the Education Directorate formally establish the Anishinabek Education Institute (AEI) in accordance with the post secondary education model that was submitted and ratified. (Res. 94/13)

</doc>
<doc id="20045486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045486" title="Faye Duchin">
Faye Duchin

Faye Duchin (; born 1944) is an American Computer Scientist and Professor of Economics at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where she was the Dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences from 1996 to 2002. She is active in the fields of ecological economics and industrial ecology and employs Input-Output Analysis in her work.
Biography.
Faye Duchin was raised in a "very conventional setting" in Bayonne, New Jersey. She attended Cornell University, earning a BA in Experimental Psychology in 1965 and in 1973 completed her Ph.D. in Computer Science at UC Berkeley with a dissertation on the newly passed Rent Control law in Berkeley.
From 1977–1996, Duchin was on the faculty at New York University, where she worked for Nobel Laureate Wassily Leontief on input-output economics. In 1985, she became Director of the NYU Institute for Economic Analysis, a position she held until 1996 when she left to become Dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. In 2002, Duchin resigned as Dean.
Professional affiliations.
Duchin served as president of the International Input-Output Association from 2004 to 2006, and is a former Vice President of the International Society for Ecological Economics (ISEE). She is a member of the editorial boards of various journals, including the journal of Industrial Ecology, having held this position since the journal's founding in 1997. was one of the founders and a managing editor of the journal Structural Change and Economic Dynamics, She is author or co-author of thirty-three works published between 1973 and 2005.
Scholarly contributions.
Duchin has stated that she examines factors that could "make a difference in satisfying major global imperatives." She has examined technological change, lifestyle change, quality of life, income distribution, consumption, international trade, natural resource use and environmental degradation using input-output models. She calls her work "problem-oriented rather than discipline- or technique-oriented" and has used an interdisciplinary approach to study sustainability. She claims to study physical realities and constraints, not just monetary values, by using process and engineering data to model technology and resource use. 
Duchin's RPI web page describes her research agenda: 
Duchin's recent work focuses on industrial ecology, continuing work she began in the early 1990s. Her 1994 book begins with the question, "Can technology ensure environmentally sound economic development?" The book uses quantitative analysis of empirical data and discusses alternative scenarios for the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20045515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045515" title="Martha Speaks (book)">
Martha Speaks (book)

Martha Speaks is an illustrated children's story written by Susan Meddaugh. It is the first in a series of six books featuring the title character Martha.
Plot.
The book features a ten-year-old girl named Helen Finney, who fed her dog Martha some alphabet soup and something very mysterious occurred. The soup went to Martha's brain, instead of her stomach. When the letters got into her throat, they lost their way, so they traveled to her brain instead. This gave Martha the ability to speak.

</doc>
<doc id="20045517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045517" title="Sig Libowitz">
Sig Libowitz

Sig Libowitz is an American lawyer, actor, film executive, writer and producer.
Libowitz is notable for writing, producing, and acting in a film, "The Response", which he wrote after reading the actual transcripts from the Guantanamo detainees' Combatant Status Review Tribunals.
Libowitz was a Vice President of Acquisitions and Co-Productions at Paramount Pictures. Prior to that, he was an executive at Film Four and Good Machine, where he oversaw production of the Academy Award-nominated film, "In The Bedroom", starring Sissy Spacek, Tom Wilkinson and Marissa Tomei. As an actor, Libowitz had recurring roles in "The Sopranos" and "Law & Order".
"The Response" has screened at the Pentagon, U.S. Congress, Department of Justice, Westpoint and numerous universities including Harvard, UCLA and Columbia. "The Response" was shortlisted for the 2010 Academy Award (Best Live Action Short) and won the 2009 ABA Award as Best of the Year in Drama and Literature. Previous ABA winners include "To Kill a Mockingbird", "Twelve Angry Men", and "Judgment at Nuremberg".
One of Libowitz's professors at law school distributed the Guantanamo transcripts to the class. Libowitz decided the transcript could be turned into a script.
Peter Riegert, Kate Mulgrew star as the two other JAG officers on the Tribunal. Aasif Mandvi stars as the detainee.
Libowitz graduated from the University of Maryland School of Law in 2007, and currently works for the law firm Venable LLP.

</doc>
<doc id="20045549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045549" title="Joseph Plateau Awards 2004">
Joseph Plateau Awards 2004

18th Joseph Plateau Awards<br>
May 3, 2005
Best Film: <br>
The 18th Joseph Plateau Awards, given on 3 May 2005, honored the best Belgian filmmaking of 2004.
Winners and nominees.
Best Belgian Actor.
'" Benoît Poelvoorde - "Aaltra" and "Podium"
Best Belgian Actress.
"' Marie Vinck - "The Kiss (De kus)"
Best Belgian Composer.
'" Soulwax - "Steve + Sky "
Best Belgian Director.
"' Frédéric Fonteyne - "Gilles' Wife (La femme de Gilles)" 
Best Belgian Film.
"' "Steve + Sky"
Best Belgian Screenplay.
"' "Gilles' Wife (La femme de Gilles)" - Philippe Blasband, Frédéric Fonteyne and Marion Hänsel
Best Belgian Short Film.
"' "Alice and I (Alice et moi)"

</doc>
<doc id="20045575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045575" title="The Wedding (The Wedding album)">
The Wedding (The Wedding album)

The Wedding is the first self-titled release from American punk rock band, The Wedding. It was released February 15, 2005 on Rambler Records, and is the only album put out by the band to have four members. Two singles have been released from this album, "Move this City" and "Song for the Broken". No music videos have been released for this cd, single or otherwise. The album received mostly positive reviews and the band soon released a follow up EP, "Rumble in the South", with bonus songs and later a second album, "Polarity". This album includes guest vocals from Matt Thiessen of Relient K in the song "But A Breath".
Sound.
The Wedding's debut release is lighter than other albums; this is because of the band only having four members at the time of this release. The music relies on Kevin Keihn's high vocals and piano and pushes the bass into the background. The band's then current drummer, Clint Robinson, plays lightly with more simple beats rather than "Polarity" which features fast drumming.

</doc>
<doc id="20045581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045581" title="Aglaodorum">
Aglaodorum

Aglaodorum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. The only species that is a member of this genus is Aglaodorum griffithii. 
"Aglaodorum" is extremely similar to species in the genus "Aglaonema". One main differences that distinguishes "Aglaodorum" from species in "Aglaonema" is that it produces green fruit whereas "Aglaonema" species produce red fruit. Also, "Aglaodorum" has a longer peduncle and produces only one whorl of flowers instead of many as in "Aglaonema". 
"Aglaodorum" are found growing in tidal mudflats in Borneo, Sumatra, southern Indochina, and Peninsula Malaysia. It is usually found growing alongside of "Cryptocoryne ciliata" and "Nypa fruticans". An interesting feature of the plant is that the seeds germinate before it drops from the plant. The seeds themselves tend to be quite big. 

</doc>
<doc id="20045602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045602" title="BLOM Bank">
BLOM Bank

BLOM Bank is a Lebanese bank that provides services such as retail banking, corporate banking, private and investment banking, insurance services and Islamic banking. As well as Lebanon the bank has branches in a number of middle eastern countries. 
History.
The bank was founded by Mr. Hajj Hussein Al Oueini, Mr. Georges Maalouf, Mr. Najib Yafet and Sheikh Boutros El-Khoury) in 1951. The bank's original name was Banque du Liban et d'Outre-Mer S.A.L. and was later changed to BLOM Bank S.A.L. in December, 2000.
Strategy.
BLOM Bank’s strategy is based on regional expansion and on diversification of its services so as to become a leading regional bank in the Arab world. In this respect, BLOM Bank has the widest foreign presence among Lebanese Banks, and is present in the following twelve countries: Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, UAE, France, UK, Switzerland, Romania, Cyprus, Egypt, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia.
Branches.
The list, and numbers, of BLOM branches:

</doc>
<doc id="20045603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045603" title="Tata Bojs">
Tata Bojs

Tata Bojs are a Czech pop rock band, formed in 1988 by bass-player Mardoša and drummer/singer Milan Cais. Current line-up of the band includes guitarist Vladimír Bár, producer Dušan Neuwerth on guitar and Jiří Hradil on piano and keyboards.

</doc>
<doc id="20045605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045605" title="Sepia Cinderella">
Sepia Cinderella

Sepia Cinderella is a 1947 American musical race film directed by Arthur H. Leonard. The film is notable for musical numbers by vocalists Billy Daniels and Sheila Guyse, and for a brief guest appearance by former child star Freddie Bartholomew, who is onscreen as himself for five minutes, telling gags to recharge his post-war career.
It also marks the big screen debut of Sidney Poitier, as an uncredited night club extra.
Plot summary.
The musical follows a young woman, Barbara (played by Guyse), in love with a good and kind bandleader, Bob (portrayed by Daniels), who seems oblivious to her love. Barbara helps Bob write a new song, "Cinderella", and it becomes an unexpected hit. Success and sudden fame lead Bob to abandon his former performing venue and lose touch with his friends. He becomes caught in the talons of a devious female club-owner who milks his success and tries to also seduce him, even though she is engaged, unbeknownst to Bob. As his career crumbles and the scales fall from his eyes, Bob's press agent finally finds a way for things to end happily: Bob will make a comeback and in doing so will choose a woman's shoe out of dozens entered, and the winner will sing with him and have her prince. Bob rightly picks Barbara's shoe, and the show goes out on yet another great musical number.
DVD release.
"Sepia Cinderella" was released on Region 0 DVD by Alpha Video, as part of a double feature with "Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A.", on July 31, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20045639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045639" title="To Die For (disambiguation)">
To Die For (disambiguation)

To Die For is a 1995 film directed by Gus Van Sant. To Die For can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20045642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045642" title="The Story of the Blues">
The Story of the Blues

The Story of the Blues is an album by singer and actress Della Reese. 
The album is a concept album about the history of the blues. Before each song, there's a small spoken narrative by Della Reese about the story of the blues, and about the important figures in the genre like Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington.

</doc>
<doc id="20045652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045652" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 109">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 109

The 109th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Columbia County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20045668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045668" title="Marc Anthony discography">
Marc Anthony discography

The discography of Puerto Rican-American Latin pop/salsa singer-songwriter Marc Anthony. Anthony has sold more than 11 million albums worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20045685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045685" title="88 Tauri">
88 Tauri

88 Tauri is a multiple star system in the Taurus constellation consisting of a total of six stars. It has the following data:

</doc>
<doc id="20045714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045714" title="Joe Palatsides">
Joe Palatsides

Joe Palatsides (born 7 July 1965 in Melbourne, Australia) is a Greek Australian football (soccer) manager and ex-Defender.
Career.
Palatsides began his senior football career with Brunswick Juventus where he quickly became a first team regular, his best season coming in their relegation year where he played in every home-and-away game, scoring 11 goals. He signed with Footscray JUST in 1989, but they would also be relegated, and he eventually made the move to South Melbourne when the National Soccer League moved to the summer format. After two seasons, he transferred to rivals Heidelberg United, where he spent a further three seasons in Australia's top flight competition.
At 29, and with a wealth of senior football experience in Australia behind him, he tried his luck abroard in the country of his origin, firstly with Apollon Kalamarias in the Greek Super League. where he scored 3 goals in 12 appearances.
Coaching career.
He retired in 2000 in order to become the manager of Poseidon Neas Michanionias and he had 3 wins and 5 losses in 8 games played. He then joined Kallikratida Chalkidiki club in which he stayed about 5 years as manager of the club.He joined in 2005 OF Ierapetra where he stayed about 2 months, from 4 October till 15 December, managing the team in Gamma Ethniki and winning 9 out of 9 matches! For personal causes he went back to Kallikratida Chalkidiki club until 2008 when he took charge at Zakynthians Olympic Champions Ground, Zakynthos. The club was promoted under his management to Gamma Ethniki for season 2008-09.
He is also a member of the Australian Professional Footballers' Association (APFA) and he is one of the members that have served on the APFA Executive (with international honours).

</doc>
<doc id="20045725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045725" title="Lima Airport Partners">
Lima Airport Partners

Lima Airport Partners S.R.L. is a Limited liability company that operates Peru's main airport: the Jorge Chávez International Airport in Callao, near Lima. It was founded in February 2001 and holds a 30 year concession to operate the airport. The company is 70.01% owned by Fraport AG of Germany.
History.
Tenth anniversary.
On February 2, 2011, Fraport and Lima Airport Partners celebrated the 10th anniversary of the airport concession in an event attended by important Peruvian business and political leaders as well as by Peru's vice president Luis Giampietri. Stefan Schulte, Fraport's executive board chairman, took the occasion to point out the significant improvements in the quality of infrastructure and services provided as well as the increase in the number of passengers which reached more than 10 million by the end of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20045745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045745" title="Camilla Sparv">
Camilla Sparv

Camilla Sparv (born 3 June 1943) is a Swedish actress. She was briefly married to American film producer Robert Evans in 1965.
Sparv was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 3 June 1943. She was awarded a Golden Globe as Most Promising Newcomer (female) in 1967 for her role opposite James Coburn in "Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round" (1966). She also appeared in such films as "Murderers' Row" (1966), "The Trouble with Angels" (1966), "Mackenna's Gold" (1969), "Downhill Racer" starring Robert Redford (1969), and "The Greek Tycoon" (1978), and the television shows "The Rockford Files", "The Love Boat", and "Hawaii Five-O".
Now retired, Sparv had two children by her second husband, and has been married to her third, Fred Kolber, since June 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20045746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045746" title="Love or Bread">
Love or Bread

Love or Bread () is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Joe Cheng and Ariel Lin. It was produced by Gala Television and driected by Lin He Long (林合隆). This marks the third drama that Cheng and Lin have co-starred together, after "It Started With a Kiss" in 2005 and its sequel "They Kiss Again" in 2007.
It was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air China Television (CTV) (中視) from 16 November 2008 to 8 February 2009, every Sunday at 22:00 and cable TV GTV Variety Show/CH 28 (八大綜合台) on 22 November 2008 to 14 February 2009, every Saturday at 21:30.
Synopsis.
Frank (Joe Cheng) is a young man who wears designer labels and thinks he's rather suave when he is actually poor. He had a tragic past and (both his parents died), he doesn't know how to handle money. He borrowed money from the loan sharks but ended up with a gang coming after him. He considers pawning his mother's wedding ring, the only thing he had left of hers, but he couldn't do it.
Zhen Shan Mei (Ariel Lin) is a poor but very loving, caring, and hard working girl. She has a boyfriend, but he moves to mainland China for university and promises that they will get married after he graduates. Shan Mei goes after him to China in the hope that they will finally get married. Shan Mei's family is against her decision because they need her to support them, but her father literally holds off the rest of the family while yelling to Shan Mei that she should go and be happy. She meets Frank while he's running from the gangsters who loaned him the money—in the ladies bathroom. Thinking that he's a pervert, she reports him to the police and he gets arrested. The ring fell out of Frank's pocket in the girl's bathroom and the policeman stuck it into Shan Mei's bag. He meets Shan Mei once more, this time on the road. He tries to get his ring back from her but she has no idea what he's talking about and she still thinks that he's a pervert. He doesn't get his ring, but he does get to drive her to the airport. When she reaches her destination, she meets her boyfriend and casually mentions "Xiao Bo," his best guy friend. Eventually, her boyfriend cannot take the guilt and admits to Shan Mei that he betrayed her and fell for Xiao Bo, who is actually a girl. 
Shan Mei returns to Taiwan with no place to go. She cannot go home because her mother said when she was leaving to China that if she went then she wouldn't be considered a member of the family anymore. Her best friend, Wang Ling Long (Zhang Yu Chen) was constantly nagging at her not to go and even said "don't come crying to me." Shan Mei decides to rent a place by using Frank's ring that the policeman had found. Her neighbouring tenant just happens to be no-one other than Frank.
When they both want money and they are complete opposites. Time came that Shan Mei thinks of ending her life because there is no hope of getting back her boyfriend.
That's when Shan Mei and Frank meet numerous times. But both of them are having money issues so they decide to live together. Little do they know that they both started falling in love with one another.
Production.
In July 2008, GTV announced that lead actress Barbie Hsu will be replaced by Ariel Lin. GTV stated that the drama, which was schedule to start shooting in August, had originally cast Lin for the role of Zhen Shan Mei, hence it has now returned to the actress for whom it was originally intended.

</doc>
<doc id="20045764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045764" title="Terry Flew">
Terry Flew

Terry Flew is a Professor of Media and Communication in the Creative Industries faculty at the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia. He has authored the books "Games: Technology, Industry, Culture" (2005) and "Understanding Global Media" (2007). He is primarily known for these publications, which centre on a new participatory culture that has risen in the media sphere. This book provides an overview of global media production and circulation using the perspectives of politics, political economy, media and cultural studies, and creative industries. Terry Flew also explores how the industries and their audiences function on an international scale.
Games: Technology, Industry, Culture.
In his book, Flew proposes that the new digital gaming trend works against the mainstream media’s portrayal of players as isolated, socially-awkward adolescent boys, hidden away in darkened bedrooms. He draws on recent statistics showing that between 40-50% of those gamers are women, and that the average age of players is mid- to late-20's, rather than young teens. Flew also credits the advent of video games with popularizing innovative media technologies, allowing consumers to archive, annotate, appropriate and recirculate media content. Consumers can use this media source as an alternative tool to gain access to information within their areas of interest, and to generate their own content and ideas.
Social implications of video games.
Flew says that people are drifting away from the traditional mode of consumerism. He uses the term "pro-sumer" to describe the group of users who both consume and produce new media. These "pro-sumers" involve themselves in gaming communities in which online and offline spaces become merged and indistinguishable. Flew suggests that part of the appeal of MMORPGs lies in the idea of escapism, and the ability to assume the role of someone or something that is not possible in that individual's real life. To the player, his or her online identity may be more acceptable and desirable than their real-world identity. Flew refers to this form of hopping from one persona to another as "identity tourism". Players see their in-game personae as "theirs", whereas game publishers claim ownership of all in-game characters and property, leading to tensions between the two groups. In response to the perennial question of whether violent themes and action in video games correlate with real-life acts of violence, Flew argues that the research in this area is based mostly on a flawed cause-effect model of behaviour, and is often initiated in response to a moral panic. 
"See also:" Video game culture

</doc>
<doc id="20045784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045784" title="Velvet Darkness">
Velvet Darkness

Velvet Darkness is the first studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1976 through CTI Records; a remastered edition was reissued on July 25, 2002 through King Records with extensive liner notes written only in Japanese. According to Holdsworth, the tracks for the album were originally recorded during a rehearsal session, after which the tapes were released by CTI without his or the other bandmembers' consent. He therefore considers it an unauthorised release and not part of his discography.

</doc>
<doc id="20045802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045802" title="Damion Hall">
Damion Hall

Damion Hall, also known as Damion "Crazy Legs" Hall is an African-American R&B singer. He is a member of the new jack swing group Guy and is the brother of Guy member, Aaron Hall. He has released one solo album, Straight to the Point in 1994, which spawned one single, "Satisfy You", featuring Chanté Moore. That song managed to reach #48 on the Billboard R&B charts. He is currently unsigned.

</doc>
<doc id="20045814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045814" title="Mohammed-Awal Issah">
Mohammed-Awal Issah

Mohammed-Awal Issah (born 4 April 1986 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer. He currently plays for AmaZulu.
Career.
Club career.
Issah began his career by Real Sportive and has signed a two-year contract with AmaZulu in the South African PSL in August 2007.
On 10 October 2008, he has gone to Serbia for trials with Red Star Belgrade. On 1 January 2009, left South Africa based club AmaZulu and signed with Red Star Belgrade. where he played for the following 3 seasons until he signed for the Norwegian club Rosenborg BK in the summer transfer-window of 2011.
On 25 January 2013, Issah joined Veria F.C. on a contract of 1.5 years. Veria is part of the Greek Super League. Veria is one of the most stable financial clubs in Greece, despite the financial problems that the country faces.
On 1 August 2013, Rosenborg and his former club AmaZulu agreed on a transfer deal, taking him back to South-Africa after almost 5 years in European-football.
International career.
He is former member of the Black Starlets team for the 2007 Toulon Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20045815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045815" title="Psi Cygni">
Psi Cygni

Psi Cygni is a star in the constellation called Cygnus. It is located 288 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="20045817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045817" title="Sol Friedman House">
Sol Friedman House

Sol Friedman House "Toyhill", was built in Pleasantville, New York in 1948. This was the first of the three Frank Lloyd Wright homes built in the "Usonia Homes" development north of New York City. 
The Friedman House forms part of the post-war development of Wright's use of the circle, culminating in his Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in Manhattan. The Sol Friedman house in Pleasantville, N.Y., is roofed with mushroom-like concrete slabs; the two intersecting closed circles of the actual dwelling are balanced at the end of a straight terrace parapet by the mushroom-shaped carport. This house was completed in 1949 with battered (sloped) walls of almost Richardsonian random ashlar masonry below a strip of metal-framed windows. 
Wright dubbed the house "Toyhill" because Sol Friedman was a retailer of books, records, and (in some stores) toys.

</doc>
<doc id="20045848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045848" title="These Streets are Watching">
These Streets are Watching

These Streets are Watching is a 50-minute video on police accountability in three communities in the United States; Denver, Cincinnati and Berkeley. The video documents incidents that its creators consider demonstrate the unnecessary use of force by the police. Independent filmmaker, Jacob Crawford, weaves the responses made in these three cities to police brutality into a single tale of community empowerment and direct action. The film conveys basic legal concepts that can provide practical help to groups and individuals seeking an understanding of their rights when dealing with police. The film is divided into sections that explain citizen's basic rights, tactics for documenting police activity and ideas for further action.
"These Streets Are Watching" has been screened across the United States and has played on television across the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20045855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045855" title="NZ Performance Car TV">
NZ Performance Car TV

History.
NZ Performance Car TV was a free-to-air television program that ran for eight series, produced in-house by Parkside Media. It has had airtime on TV ONE, TV2, TV3, Prime and Sky Sports, often with several networks simultaneously which is unique in its genre. Each series consists of 13 episodes. Two series were screened per year. It was also available via TVNZ ondemand.
First airing in 2004 the series evolved to match the changing tastes of the import car scene. Series 8 had a large focus on drifting.
The show builds on the NZ Performance Car magazine brand, featuring similar content.
Show content.
The show’s content reflects the seasonal nature of the scene in New Zealand. Series filmed in winter tend to feature more modified cars and less motorsport; series filmed in summer feature more motorsport and less modified cars.
Series overview.
The series has endured much criticism because of its niche nature, including presenters and their ties to the scene, content choice and timeslots (each series had a different timeslot and sometimes a different channel or network).
Series 8.
Series 8 saw a return to a regular timeslot within Sunday afternoon’s Powerbuilt Tools Motorsport on TV ONE, with a longer more adult-themed show which aired late night on TV2.
Presenters Dan Gibson and Craig ‘Puka’ Linn.
Series 7.
Series 7 featured Geoffrey Bell as the main presenter.
Series 6.
Series 6 featured Geoffrey Bell as the main presenter.
Series 5.
Series 5 featured well-known TV presenter Brooke Howard-Smith. As Howard-Smith is a TV3 presenter, when NZ Performance Car TV moved to TVNZ for Series 6, he was replaced.
Series 4.
Frank Liew returned to present series 4
Series 3.
Frank Liew, noted Auto Salon judge with deep involvement in the import car scene, presented series 3.
Series 2.
Presented by Todd Wylie and Dan Philips
Series 1.
Presented by Anna Jobsz and Danny Codling
Controversy.
NZ Performance Car TV, like NZ Performance Car magazine has typically been criticised by groups not in favour of import car culture, or those concerned about ‘boy racer’ activity.
Series 8 focused much more on motorsport, covering the NZ Drift Series in New Zealand, drifting overseas, drag racing in New Zealand and Australia (e.g. Jamboree 18 from Willowbank Raceway and Super Lap from Taupo Motorsport Park, including interviews with and profiles of drivers such as Daniel Woolhouse and Carl Ruiterman. Feature cars and other event coverage were still present, but the increased focus on motorsport marked a divergence from NZ Performance Car magazine content.
Production and crew.
Series 1-4 were produced and directed by Graham Ralphs. Series 5 onwards were produced by Iain Eggleton

</doc>
<doc id="20045879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045879" title="Pasteur Institute of Lille">
Pasteur Institute of Lille

The Pasteur Institute of Lille () is a research centre and member of the Pasteur Institute network.
It includes 14 research units and 1,150 employees including 626 researchers located in Lille, France. There are also 300 employees located outside the Pasteur site. Its revenues are above €70 million. Several neuroscience start-up companies have emerged from the Pasteur Institute of Lille.
Research.
Since Louis Pasteur became the dean of the faculty of sciences in Lille in 1854, the research activities of the institute have been associated with medical faculties of the University of Lille Nord de France (Lille 2 University of Health and Law campus). It is in its premises that the Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccine against tuberculosis was invented by Albert Calmette and Camille Guérin.
Research areasinclude

</doc>
<doc id="20045894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045894" title="Moosalp">
Moosalp

The Moosalp (el. 2048 m.) is a high mountain pass across the western Pennine Alps, connecting Bürchen with Törbel in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The pass lies north-east of Augstbordhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="20045919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045919" title="Slovak popular music">
Slovak popular music

Popular music began to replace folk music in Slovakia beginning in the 1950s, when Slovakia was a part of Czechoslovakia; American jazz, R&B, and rock and roll were popular, alongside waltzes, polkas, and czardas, among other folk forms. By the end of the '50s, radios were common household items, though only state stations were legal. Slovak popular music began as a mix of bossa nova, cool jazz, and rock, with propagandistic lyrics. Dissenters listened to ORF (Austrian Radio), Radio Luxembourg, or Radio Free Europe, which played more rock. Czechoslovakia was more passive in the face of Soviet domination, and thus radio and the whole music industry toed the line more closely than other satellite states.
Slovakia also strangely enough had a crucial role to play in the development of Hawaiian music, Blues music, Country music and Bluegrass music, as the birth nation of John Dopyera and his brothers, the inventors of the resonator guitar (DOpjera BROthers-Dobro).
After the Velvet Revolution and the declaration of the Slovak state, domestic music greatly diversified as free enterprise allowed a great expansion in the number of bands and genres represented in the Slovak market. Soon, however, major label brought pop music to Slovakia and drove many of the small companies out of business. The 1990s, American grunge and alternative rock, and Britpop gain a wide following, as well as a newfound popularity in musicals.

</doc>
<doc id="20045934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045934" title="Calaveras Hills High School">
Calaveras Hills High School

Calaveras Hills High School (CHHS) is one of the two high schools of Milpitas, California Calaveras Hills High School works with students who need an alternative form of education. Calaveras Hills High is referred to as "Cal Hills" by students and the community. Cal Hills is the most successful alternative school in the state. Test scores for the STAR test rose hundreds of points from 500+ to 714. Cal Hills often has a waiting list to get into the program. 
Cal Hills has a very successful Resource Special Education program that has helped hundreds of under performing students achieve high school graduate. Students have won many local scholarships and awards while graduating from this program. Cal Hills has earned the highest WASC accreditation and is a Dist. School (Model school). Cal Hills has won many league championships against rivals Alta Vista and Robertson.
Past principals include Fleming Matson, Don Denton, Mike Madalinski, Paul Cauchi, Michael Hermosillo, Katie Martinez, and Alecia Myers(current principal). The Current superintendent is Cary Matsuoka.

</doc>
<doc id="20045948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045948" title="Potentilla robbinsiana">
Potentilla robbinsiana

Potentilla robbinsiana (Robbins' Cinquefoil) is a small, yellow-flowered, perennial found exclusively above the tree line in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. The plant is nearly stemless and measures two to four centimeters in diameter.
History.
The Crawford Path of Mount Washington, the oldest mountain hiking trail in America, was laid out in 1819 as a bridle path from Crawford Notch to the summit. There is some discrepancy as to who discovered "Potentilla robbinsiana", which some sources giving credit to its discovery in 1824 by English botanist and zoologist Thomas Nuttall, five years after completion of the Crawford Path. The more likely case is its discovery in 1829 by James Robbins. After its discovery it was described by the botanist and explorer William Oakes. It was soon recognized as a rare plant and over 850 specimens were collected and occasionally sold commercially to collectors and herbariums. In the 1970s a "backpacker boom" led to significantly increased use of the Crawford Path, making the plant's limited habitat vulnerable to hikers picking the flowers and trampling the plant.
This destruction led to the plant receiving Endangered Species Act protection in 1980, with the known main population numbered at only 3,700 plants. However, due to a very successful awareness program and an effort to reroute trails away from the plant's habitat along with enclosures for the main population, the plant has since then recovered to well over 14,000 plants and was delisted in August, 2002. Additional efforts included public education, biological research, seed collection and transplant efforts.
The awareness program and repopulation efforts were successful in a large part due to a unique partnership between the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, the Appalachian Mountain Club, the U.S. Forest Service, and the New England Wild Flower Society.
Distribution.
The White Mountain National Forest contains 100% of this species' global population. The plant has four extant occurrences, with two being natural and two others from transplant efforts.
Habitat.
"P. robbinsiana" is generally placed in the dry/mesic heath meadow system of alpine communities, though it is also found on subalpine bare rock summits. The primary habitat is an exposed and barren fellfield habitat with high winds and low temperatures. While frost heaving is considered a requirement, too much causes mortality.

</doc>
<doc id="20045952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045952" title="Ben Offereins">
Ben Offereins

Ben Offereins (born 12 March 1986) is an Australian athlete. Born in Sydney, Australia, his family moved to Perth in 1987. He has been running from a young age, starting out in little athletics and has progressed through to the senior ranks. 
His first National title came in winning the 200m at the 2003 Under 18 Australian Championships where he also won the silver medal in the 100m.
He had his first major 400m win the next year at the Under 20 Australian Championships, which earned him a position on the Australian team for the IAAF World Junior Championships, in Grosetto, Italy in July 2004. He participated in the individual 400m as well as the 4x400m relay. In 2005 still as a junior he entered the openAustralian National Championships for the 400m where he won the gold medal defeating 3 members of the Australian 4x400m relay team which won the silver medal at the 2004 Athens Olympics. The next few seasons saw Offereins plagued by injuries until June 2009 when he set a new personal best for the 400m of 45.69s, a World Championships B qualifier, which earned him the final position on the Australian 4x400m relay team for Berlin 2009. Running a sensational third leg during the heat (44.78s) Offereins forced his way into the team for the final where the Australian team of John Steffensen, Ben Offereins, Tristan Thomas, and Sean Wroe, won the bronze medal for Australia. 
In 2010 Ben started his season by winning the Australia Cup held in Canberra in a new PB of 45.32sec, he then broke his PB again at the Sydney Track Classic running 44.86sec and becoming only the eighth Australian to break the 45.00sec barrier and the seventh fastest Australian alltime. He continued his form, winning the IAAF Melbourne Track Classic in 45.73sec, and then the Australian National Championships in 45.17sec. This gained him automatic selection for the individual 400m and the 4x400 relay at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, India. At the Athletics Australia annual end of season awards night he was named the Male athlete of the year for the 2010 Australian Domestic season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20045965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045965" title="Larry Hosch">
Larry Hosch

Larry Hosch (born October 16, 1977) is Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 14B, which includes portions of Stearns County in the central part of the state. A Democrat, he was first elected in 2004, and was re-elected in 2006, 2008 and 2010. He previously served as the mayor of Saint Joseph from 2001-2005. He retired from the House after the 2012 elections.
Hosch was a member of the House Commerce and Labor Committee, and also served on the Finance subcommittees for the Agriculture, Rural Economies and Veterans Affairs Finance Division, the Health Care and Human Services Finance Division, and the Public Safety Finance Division. He was an assistant majority leader. On November 16, 2010, incoming Minority Leader Paul Thissen announced that he will be one of four Minority Whips during the 2011-2012 legislative session.
Hosch has been the co-owner of Lamar Homes & Remodeling since 2003. He was previously a roofer with Granite City Roofing from 1998–2003, and Manager of Sal's Bar and Grill in St. Joseph from 1999-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20045968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045968" title="List of Peep and the Big Wide World characters">
List of Peep and the Big Wide World characters

The character list for the television series "Peep and the Big Wide World".

</doc>
<doc id="20045993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20045993" title="Straight to the Point (Damion Hall album)">
Straight to the Point (Damion Hall album)

Straight to the Point is Damion Hall's first, and only, album. It spawned but one single, "Satisfy You" featuring Chanté Moore, which reached #48 on the Billboard R&B charts. The album included a few songs produced by Brian McKnight.

</doc>
<doc id="20046002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046002" title="Slovak folk music">
Slovak folk music

Slovakia is an enormous reservoir of folk music. People in this country themselves designating how "singing nation". Many musicological studies evidence that Slovak folk music is indigenous and has ancient origin, even in respect of neighbours. Scientific designations determining Slovak folk music were come from the late 19th century onwards and set in the Slovak modern history of musicological research, but these researches have rootage in Slovak nationally renascent from 19th century, when many leading personalities of Slovak general life were beginning devote with folk traditions and these researches too refers at them.
Overview.
Composers such as Jan Levoslav Bella began to include Slovak folk music in their compositions, and Slovak music was collected and used by composers such as Béla Bartók, Jan Cikker and Eugen Suchon. 
In November 2005 the "fujara" (Slovak shepherds' pipe) and its music were named Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="20046050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046050" title="James Anderson Slater">
James Anderson Slater

James Anderson Slater, MC and Bar, DFC (27 November 1896 – 26 November 1925) was a British Flying Ace in World War I credited with 24 victories.
Involvement in World War 1.
Slater joined the Royal Sussex Regiment as a private in 1914 and was later commissioned in the Royal Ulster Rifles. In 1915 he transferred to the Royal Flying Corps as an observer and flew in France with No 18 Squadron from November 1915 to March 1916. 
After pilot training, Slater joined No. 1 Squadron RFC in August 1916 and served in this unit until May 1917. After a period as an instructor, he was promoted to captain and became a flight commander with the newly formed No. 64 Squadron, equipped with DH5 aircraft. Slater was posted to France in October 1917 and shot down the squadron's first enemy aircraft. The squadron re-equipped with SE5a aircraft, on which type Slater achieved the majority of his victories. Over an eighteen day period in May 1918, Slater was involved in twenty-five engagements and claimed eight enemy aircraft shot down. 
Slater returned to Home Establishment in July 1918 and finished the war again as an instructor.
His war time tally consisted of 11 and 1 shared destroyed, and 9 and 3 shared 'out of control'.
Later Military Service.
Slater continued in the instructing role both in the UK and in the Middle East and also flew with Nos. 20, 216 and 1 Squadrons. Slater was killed in a flying accident, whilst instructing at Central Flying School, Upavon.
Citations for military honors.
Military Cross (MC)
"T./2nd Lt. (T./Capt.) James Anderson Slater, Gen. List and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. When returning from a patrol he attacked enemy infantry, silenced a field gun and fired on transport. On another occasion he silenced a battery in very difficult weather conditions, fired on ammunition wagons and enemy infantry, and brought back his patrol safely. He also led a patrol of twelve machines in very bad weather to attack a wood held by the enemy. His patrol dropped over thirty bombs, fired 3,000 rounds and drove the enemy from the wood with heavy casualties. In the course of this flight six enemy scouts were engaged and driven off. Later, he led a similar patrol with great success. He showed splendid courage and determination."
Supplement to the London Gazette, 5 July 1918 (30780/7924)
Military Cross (MC) Bar
"T./Capt. James Anderson Slater, M.C., Gen. List, and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. On one occasion during the recent, operations he attacked a large formation of hostile scouts, one of which he drove down in flames. Later, during the same flight, he took part in a general engagement, in which he drove down another enemy machine completely out of control. Two days later he attacked two enemy scouts, causing one of them to crash to earth. In eighteen days he has engaged in twenty-five combats at close quarters, shooting down eight hostile machines. His great gallantry and fine offensive spirit have inspired all ranks to a very high degree.
(M.C. gazetted 4 February 1918.)"
Supplement to the London Gazette, 22 June 1918 (30761/7400)
Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom) (DFC)
"Lt. (T./Capt.) James Anderson Slater, M.C.
This officer has led numerous offensive patrols with the utmost skill and determination, and it is entirely due to his fine leadership that many enemy aircraft have been destroyed with the minimum of casualties to his formation."
Supplement to the London Gazette, 3 August 1918 (30827/9204)

</doc>
<doc id="20046061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046061" title="Foodland (Canada)">
Foodland (Canada)

Foodland is a Canadian chain of grocery stores founded in 1985 and found mostly in rural New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia and Ontario, owned by Sobeys. They range in size from . Foodland stores are franchised neighbourhood supermarkets that focus on a no-frills customer convenience and offering a wide selection of conventional supermarket products such as produce, meats, dairy products, frozen food, dry goods, baked goods and deli products. There are over 150 Foodland locations in the province of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20046069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046069" title="Bristol Troubadour Club">
Bristol Troubadour Club

In the late 1960s and early '70s, a thriving contemporary folk music scene in Bristol was centred on the short lived but influential Bristol Troubadour Club in Clifton village, the student quarter above the city centre. The club was considered by some as the liveliest and most creative outside London.
The club hosted some of the premier folk artists of the day including Al Jones, Fred Wedlock, Pigsty Hill Light Orchestra, Ian Anderson, Mike Cooper, John Renbourn, Bert Jansch, The Incredible String Band, Roy Harper and Al Stewart who had a residency there, and mentions the club in his song "Clifton in the Rain".
History.
The Troubadour was opened in Waterloo Street, Clifton, by returning Australian emigree Ray Willmott, on Friday 7 October 1966. The first act to play there was Anderson Jones Jackson (Ian Anderson, Al Jones and Elliott Jackson). Other regular performers included Guyanese calypso singer Norman Beaton, and actor Chris Langham who performed as "Wizz" Langham. From 1967 the "Folk Blues Bristol and West" club, founded by Ian Anderson met on the first Sunday of each month at the Troubadour but became so popular that it had to move to larger premises, firstly at The Old Duke in King Street and, later, to the Full Moon on Stokes Croft.
In 1971 the venue closed following the purchase of the premises by a Peter Bush, just after it advertised that it had gained a drinks licence (having been alcohol-free from its inception). Dave Berry wrote in Pre-View magazine that "the loss of the Troubadour can't just be assessed in terms of the weekly entertainment it provided. Above all, the club was a social centre - and an inspiration and springboard for countless young artists".
The club is held in such great affection by its former members and musicians that two Troubadour reunions have been held in the current millennium. The first took place at the QEH Theatre in Clifton on 9 November 2002 and featured many of the original artists; a double CD, "Waterloo Street Revisited" was issued the following year featuring recordings of the artists' performances. Because of its success, a similar concert was held on 6 March 2004 at the Redgrave Theatre, Clifton.

</doc>
<doc id="20046084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046084" title="Orc deities">
Orc deities

In many campaign settings for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, the orcish pantheon of gods consists of the leader, Gruumsh, as well as Bahgtru, Ilneval, Luthic, Shargaas, and Yurtrus.
Bahgtru.
Bahgtru is the orc deity of Strength and Combat. The son of Gruumsh and Luthic, Bahgtru has been described as a huge orc with bugling muscles and dirty tan skin. His eyes are dull green, and his glistening white tusks protrude from either side of his mouth. Bahgtru has also been described as "awesomely stupid." Bahgtru lives in the orcish realm of "Nishrek".
Bahgtru was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Half-Orc Point of View," in "Dragon" #62 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. He also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Bahgtru was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Bahgtru's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Gruumsh.
"Gruumsh"', also known as Gruumsh One-Eye, is the patron deity of orcs, who regard him as the god of Conquest, Survival, Strength, and Territory. He is also considered a member of the default "D&D" pantheon of deities. His symbol is an unblinking eye, or (in the "Forgotten Realms" campaign setting) his missing unwinking eye. Gruumsh appears as a powerful orc with one eye. A figure of fury and driven cruelty, Gruumsh rules his pantheon with brute power. His favored weapon is the spear. 
Gruumsh's divine realm is the Iron Fortress in Nishrek. In the standard cosmology represented by the "Greyhawk" and "Planescape" campaign settings, Nishrek is a part of Acheron, while in the "Forgotten Realms" cosmology this is a plane of its own. 
In 4th Edition, Nishrek was once an independent realm in the Astral Sea. After the rise of Bane in the realm of Chernoggar, Gruumsh used all of his power to throw his entire realm (literally) at him. Bane was able to stop Nishrek from crushing him, but only by fusing both realms together. The force of the impact sent the two realms spinning through the Astral Sea, and to this day they fly recklessly through the plane as the forces of Bane and Gruumsh fight an eternal war.
Gruumsh created the orcs in his image to be his servants in the world but was cheated out of a home for his people by the other gods, according to Unearthed Arcana. Gruumsh is the husband of Luthic and father of Bahgtru. Ilneval is his most capable lieutenant. Gruumsh considers himself supreme, and considers every non-orc his enemy, holding special enmity for some. Gruumsh hates Corellon Larethian with a passion, because he lost his eye to Corellon in battle. He spreads this hatred to all of the Seldarine, especially Sehanine Moonbow, who fooled the orcish god many times to protect Corellon and her other family members. Gruumsh also loathes Moradin and the dwarven pantheon. In his own pantheon, Gruumsh rules over all the other gods (although Shargaas and Yurtrus bear him little real loyalty beside that made from fear), and has his orders carried out through his lieutenant Ilneval.
According to Forgotten Realms lore, Gruumsh once had an alliance with the conniving drow goddess Araushnee, to bring down the gods of the elves once and for all. His plan failed and Araushnee was transformed into Lolth. The two deities have been great foes ever since, though Gruumsh's alliance with another assisting deity, Malar, has not been so badly corrupted.
Gruumsh was created by James M. Ward for the "Deities and Demigods Cyclopedia" (1980). Gruumsh was further detailed in "Unearthed Arcana" (1985). Gruumsh was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Gruumsh appears as one of the deities described in the Players Handbook for 3.0(2000), and in "Defenders of the Faith" (2000). Gruumsh is detailed in "Deities and Demigods" (2002), and his role in the Forgotten Realms is detailed in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). Gruumsh also appears in the revised Players Handbook for 3.5. His priesthood is detailed for this edition in "Complete Divine" (2004). Gruumsh appears as one of the deities described in the Dungeon Master's Guide for the 4th edition. His role is expanded on in the "Manual of the Planes" and "".
Ilneval.
Ilneval is the orc deity of warfare. He lives in the orcish realm of the "Nishrek". Ilneval lives in the orcish realm of the "Nishrek" in Acheron. For the Basic D&D setting, Ilneval was known as Karaash.
Ilneval was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Half-Orc Point of View," in "Dragon" #62 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. He also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Ilneval was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Ilneval's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Luthic.
Luthic is the orc deity of fertility, medicine, females and servitude. She is the wife of Gruumsh and mother of Bahgtru. Her sacred animal is the cave bear. Her symbol is an orcish rune meaning "home." Luthic embodies the orcish feminine ideal, subordinate to male orcs but still protecting the cohesion of orcish society. Luthic is described as a matronly orc with very long claws. She fights bare-handed with her claws because only the males of the community are allowed to wield a weapon. She may also use powerful spells, as such arts are not considered manly in orcish culture.
Luthic was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Half-Orc Point of View," in "Dragon" #62 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. She also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Luthic was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about her priesthood. Her role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Luthic's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Shargaas.
Shargaas is the orc deity of darkness, night, stealth, thieves, and the undead. His symbol is a skull on a red crescent moon. He lives in a realm called "The Night Below" on the plane of Gehenna.
Shargaas was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Half-Orc Point of View," in "Dragon" #62 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. He also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Shargaas was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Shargaas's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Yurtrus.
Yurtrus is the orc deity of death and disease. He lives in a disgusting realm called "Fleshslough" on the Gray Waste; those who enter the realm never leave and reeks of death.
Yurtrus was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Half-Orc Point of View," in "Dragon" #62 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. He also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Yurtrus was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Yurtrus's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="20046106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046106" title="Waldo's Hawaiian Holiday">
Waldo's Hawaiian Holiday

"Waldo's Hawaiian Holiday" is a graphic novel from Gestalt Publishing written by Alex Cox and illustrated by Christopher Bones and Justin Randall. It is supposed to be a sequel to the 1984 cult film Repo Man.
Publication history.
The sequel to "Repo Man" was planned as far back as 1997 and filming started but was never completed. The making of it is featured in the documentary "A Texas Tale of Treason". Cox afterward made another semi-sequel called "Repo Chick" but the original sequel remained as a script on Cox's website. Christopher Bones stumbled across it while working on another project and contacted Cox about adapting it, which Cox agreed to.
Plot.
Otto, now using the name Waldo, has returned to Earth from Mars after ten years. Now nearly 30, he adjusts to life in mid-1990s, and gets a boring job as a telemarketer. When Waldo receives a call offering a free Hawaiian vacation, he makes taking the trip his goal, but his efforts are repeatedly thwarted by bureaucracy. It is eventually revealed that these difficulties are intentional, and that Los Angeles is actually an experimental self-maintaining prison constructed by Martians to contain humans. Waldo returns to his job and never goes on vacation.

</doc>
<doc id="20046171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046171" title="XHPUE-TV">
XHPUE-TV

Puebla TV (XHPUE-TV channel 26 Puebla and channel 4 Zacatlán) is the regional public television network of the Mexican state of Puebla. Covering a little over 40% of the state (by population), it offers educational, cultural and alternative programming; much is locally generated content intended to address the needs, expectations and lives of Pueblan society.
In addition to its own productions, Puebla TV's broadcasts programming from Edusat, Once TV, the BBC and other member broadcasters of the "Red Nacional de Radiodifusoras y Televisoras Educativas y Culturales" (National Network of Educational and Cultural Radio-Television Broadcasters).

</doc>
<doc id="20046179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046179" title="Faroe Islands and the European Union">
Faroe Islands and the European Union

The Faroe Islands, a self-governing nation within the Kingdom of Denmark, is not part of the EU, as explicitly asserted by both Rome treaties.
The relations of the Faroe Islands with the EU are governed by a Fisheries Agreement (1977) and a Free Trade Agreement (1991, revised 1998). The main reason for remaining outside the EU is disagreements about the Common Fisheries Policy. 
EU relations.
As explicitly asserted by both Rome treaties, the Faroe Islands is not part of the European Union. Moreover, a protocol to the treaty of accession of Denmark to the European Communities stipulates that Danish nationals residing in the Faroe Islands are not to be considered as Danish nationals within the meaning of the treaties. Hence, Danish people living in the Faroes are not citizens of the European Union (other EU nationals living there remain EU citizens). However, Danish citizens residing on the Faroe Islands, who hold a regular Danish passport are considered Danish citizens, and thus citizens of a Member State. One of the curious upshots of this is that the citizens can choose which passport they prefer, and thus switch between being EU or non-EU citizens.
The Faroes is not covered by the Schengen free movement agreement, so Schengen visas are not valid, but there are no border checks when traveling between the Faroes and any Schengen country since the Faroes are part of the Nordic Passport Union since 1966 and since 2001 there are no border checks between the Nordic and the rest of the Schengen area as part of the Schengen agreement.
EU boycott against the Faroe Islands.
In July 2013 EU imposed sanctions to the Faroe Islands due to a dispute over the fishing quota of herring and mackerel. The boycott started on 28 August 2013, the boycott implies that Faroese vessels carrying herring or mackerel are banned from all EU ports, including Denmark, Sweden and Finland. The Faroe Islands can no longer export herring or mackerel to EU contries.
Euro adoption.
The Danish krone is currently used by both of its dependent territories, Greenland and Faroe Islands, with their monetary policy controlled by the Danish Central Bank. If Denmark does adopt the euro, separate referendums would be required in both territories to decide whether they should follow suit. Both territories have voted not to be a part of the EU in the past, and their populations will not participate in the Danish euro referendum. The Faroe Islands utilize a special version of the Danish krone coins and notes that have been printed with text in the Faroese language. It is not a separate currency, but can be exchanged 1:1 with the Danish version. On 5 November 2009 the Faroese Parliament approved a proposal to investigate the possibility for euro adoption, including an evaluation of the legal and economic impact of adopting the euro ahead of Denmark.
EU Membership.
Nevertheless, there are politicians, mainly in the right-wing Union Party ("Sambandsflokkurin"), led by their chairman Kaj Leo Johannesen, who would like to see the Faroes as a member of the EU. However, the chairman of the left-wing Republic ("Tjóðveldi"), Høgni Hoydal, has expressed concerns that if the Faroes were to join the EU as is, they might vanish inside the EU, sharing this with the situation of the Shetland Islands and Åland today, and wants the local government to solve the political situation between the Faroes and Denmark first. On 26 September 2008, Kaj Leo Johannesen became Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands, and according to him his new government is actively going to seek a progressive Europe-policy, even stating that membership of the EU is a strong possibility.
A major concern is also fishing, which accounts for 90 per cent of Faroese exports. As such a large part of their economy, the islands do not want decisions on it being made so far away as they would have so little say in the EU due to their small population.

</doc>
<doc id="20046184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046184" title="Frigyes Szapáry">
Frigyes Szapáry

Count Frigyes Szapáry de Szapár, Muraszombat et Széchy-Sziget (15 November 1869 – 18 March 1935), was an Austro-Hungarian diplomat of Hungarian origin serving as Ambassador at St. Petersburg at the outbreak of World War I and who played a key role during the July Crisis of 1914.
Life.
Born in Budapest on 15 November 1869 into a prominent Hungarian noble family as the second son of László Szapáry (1831–1883), an Austro-Hungarian general who had played a leading role in the occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1878, and his wife Marianne ("née" Gräfin von Grünne). He was also a cousin of Count Gyula Szapáry, Prime Minister of Hungary from 1890 to 1892. 
On 27 April 1908, he married Hedwig (1878–1918), daughter of Alfred Fürst zu Windisch-Grätz, who had been Minister President of Austria from 1893 to 1895 and served as President of the Upper Chamber. The couple had four children of which the daughter Marianne (1911–1998) was the mother of Princess Michael of Kent. 
Following studies in law, Count Szapáry joined the Austro-Hungarian foreign service and began his diplomatic career in 1895 as an attaché in Rome, followed by postings in Berlin in 1899 and Munich in 1903. In 1907, he returned to Vienna to serve in the Foreign Ministry at the Ballhausplatz and made a rapid career. Considered a rising star he was appointed as chef de cabinet to Foreign Minister Count Lexa von Aehrenthal in December 1909, a post that allowed him to exercise considerable influence over policy-making. Considered a protégé of Aehrenthal, he belonged to a group of younger diplomats (together with Count von Hoyos and Count von Forgách) who believed that the Dual Monarchy could only be saved from disintegration by a more aggressive and dynamic foreign policy. During the Balkan crisis, he had favoured armed intervention against Serbia. In April 1912, he was appointed to Second Section Chief, which was equivalent to head of the Political Section, in a period of international turmoil. Described as "gifted, quick, hard-working, and a bit mysterious", Aehrenthal's successor Count Berchtold lauded him as for "his outstanding skill in handling political issues and his judgment which far exceeded the norm". 
On 1 October 1913, Count Szapáry was appointed as Ambassador at St. Petersburg which was significant in the sense that he was considered a Russophobe and was far less willing to accommodate the Russians than his predecessor had been. However, he did not arrive until early the following year and he presented his credentials to the Tsar first on 14 February 1914. Due to pressing family matters, he had to leave within two weeks and returned to St. Petersburg in mid-April, staying until late May. He returned only in mid-July which meant that the Dual Monarchy lacked its chief diplomat in the Russian capital during the Sarajevo crisis, daily business being conducted by Count Czernin as chargé d'affaires. 
Once back to St. Petersburg on 17 July, Count Szapáry came to play a significant role. At a diplomatic reception on 21 July, he had a sharp exchange with the visiting French President Poincaré and he held several meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sazonov over the following days. However, as war proved inevitable it eventually fell upon him to deliver the Austro-Hungarian declaration of war against Russia on 6 August, whereupon he left St. Petersburg. 
In 1915, he became a member of the Upper House ("Herrenhaus"), but played no further major role during the war.
Count Szapáry died in Vienna on 18 March 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20046219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046219" title="Langenprozelten (Gemünden am Main)">
Langenprozelten (Gemünden am Main)

Langenprozelten is an outlying centre ("Stadtteil") of Gemünden am Main in the Main-Spessart district, in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the river Main, 40 km northwest of Würzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20046222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046222" title="Franz von Sonnleithner">
Franz von Sonnleithner

Franz Edler von Sonnleithner (June 1, 1905 – April 18, 1981) was a diplomat who acted as Ribbentrop's representative in Adolf Hitler's headquarters during the later years of the war with the rank of Minister. 
Life.
He was born in Salzburg, Austria and studied law in Vienna and Innsbruck where he gained a doctorate in 1928. He was then a police commissioner in Vienna and Salzburg and worked in the Federal Chancellery in Vienna. He was arrested as a Nazi in 1936 and remained in prison until March 12, 1938 Anschluss when Germany annexed Austria. After joining the Reich Foreign Office he worked on the personal staff of the Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop.
He was present at the situation conference in 1944 at the Wolf's Lair headquarters in Rastenburg, East Prussia when the 20 July plot bomb was planted by Claus Von Stauffenberg. From April 1945 to 1948 he was held in American internment camps. He then worked in industry in Ingelheim am Rhein where he died aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20046241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046241" title="Two of Us (Joseph Williams album)">
Two of Us (Joseph Williams album)

Former Toto band member, Joseph Williams, recorded a compilation of cover love songs in 2006 entitled Two of Us. The album covers songs from renowned artists including Elton John, Bryan Adams, Diane Warren, Van Morrison and Kevin Cronin. Williams is accompanied by Jim Cox on the piano.

</doc>
<doc id="20046264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046264" title="Foodex">
Foodex

Foodex is a chain of locally-owned independent grocery stores in rural areas of Newfoundland and Labrador, owned by Atlantic Grocery Distributors Limited of Bay Roberts, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Locations.
This list is incomplete, source: [http://www.yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/Foodex/Newfoundland]

</doc>
<doc id="20046268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046268" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 819">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 819

United Nations Security Council resolution 819, adopted unanimously on 16 April 1993, after reaffirming resolutions 713 (1991) and all (1992) subsequent resolutions, the Council expressed concern at the actions of Bosnian Serb paramilitary units in towns and villages in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, including attacks on civilians, the United Nations Protection Force and disruption to humanitarian aid convoys.
Resolution.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council went on to demand that all parties and others concerned treat Srebrenica and its surroundings as a safe area which should be free from any armed attack or any other hostile act, further demanding the cessation of all hostilities and withdrawal by Bosnian Serb paramilitary forces from areas around Srebrenica. This was the first instance of a civilian "safe area" being declared in the world. It also demanded that Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) cease supplying weapons, military equipment and other services to Bosnian Serb paramilitary units in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The resolution then requested the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali to increase the presence of the Protection Force in Srebrenica and surrounding areas requesting full co-operation from parties and others concerned and for Boutros-Ghali to report thereon to the Council. 147 peacekeepers were later deployed to reassure Bosnian Serb General Ratko Mladic that the town would not be used as a base to attack his forces. It also reaffirmed that the acquisition of territory by threat or use of force, particularly through ethnic cleansing, is unlawful and unacceptable in international humanitarian law. The Council condemned the "abhorrent campaign of ethnic cleansing" by the Bosnian Serb paramilitaries and its actions of forcing the evacuation of the civilian population from Srebrenica.
Regarding humanitarian aid, the Council demanded the unimpeded delivery of humanitarian assistance to all areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina and in particular to the civilian population of Srebrenica and that any disruption to the delivery constitutes a violation of international humanitarian law. It then urged the Secretary-General and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to reinforce the existing humanitarian operations in the region. 
Finally, Resolution 819 demanded that all parties ensure the safety of the Protection Force, United Nations personnel and other international organisations, allowing for the safe transfer of injured civilians from Srebrenica and its surrounding areas, and announced its decision to send a mission of members of the Security Council to assess the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The "safe area" would later be extended to other towns including Tuzla, Žepa, Bihać, Goražde and Sarajevo in Resolution 824.
Ineffectiveness.
Despite its peremptive wording Resolution 819 failed to prevent the Srebrenica massacre in July 1995, when the United Nations Protection Force delivered the refugees from the fallen enclave into the hands of the forces of Bosnian Serb General Ratko Mladic, subsequently indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for war crimes including genocide.
In his chronology of events at "Srebrenica, Under the UN Flag", the genocide survivor Hasan Nuhanović criticises members of the international community involved on the ground or indirectly influencing or capable of influencing events for specific failures to fulfil their responsibility to protect the Muslim population of the besieged "safe area" under Resolution 819.

</doc>
<doc id="20046276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046276" title="Powerful Women of Wrestling">
Powerful Women of Wrestling

Powerful Women of Wrestling (also known as POWW) is a defunct professional wrestling promotion based out of Indianapolis, Indiana founded by David McLane, founder of Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling and Women of Wrestling.
History.
After David McLane left Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling (GLOW), he returned to Indianapolis and created Powerful Women of Wrestling (POWW). Many wrestlers left GLOW due to pay disputes and joined McLane's new POWW promotion under altered ring names. Unlike GLOW (which focused on comedy, variety, and skits), POWW focused more on actual wrestling. POWW was aligned with World Wrestling Association in Indianapolis and their titles were sometimes referred to as the WWA Women's Championship and WWA Women's Tag Team Championship. They were also briefly aligned with the American Wrestling Association during 1989. That same year, many of the POWW wrestlers were featured in the 1989 film "American Angels- Baptism of Blood". The promotion closed the following year in 1990.
Championships.
POWW Championship.
Natasha the Russian was the first POWW Champion. She lost the title on the second TV episode. Nina was the second POWW Champion. She lost the title to Sasha the Russian, but later regained it. The title was also referred to as the WWA Women's Championship.
Belt design.
Initially, the title was a crown worn by the champion and was referred to as the "POWW Crown". Eventually the crown was replaced by a white sash belt with metal studs spelling the words "POWW Champion" fastened on the sash.
POWW Tag Team Championship.
Luna Vachon and Hot Rod Andie defeated The Blonde Bombshells (Brandi Mae and Malibu) to become the first POWW Tag Team Champions. The titles were also referred to as the WWA Women's Tag Team Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20046291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046291" title="The Sixteen Men of Tain">
The Sixteen Men of Tain

The Sixteen Men of Tain is the tenth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in March 2000 through Gnarly Geezer Records (United States), Polydor Records (Japan) and JMS–Cream Records (Europe); a remastered edition was reissued in 2003 through Globe Music Media Arts. The album's title is a reference to the Glenmorangie distillery in Scotland. This was to be the last recording to be made at Holdsworth's personal recording studio The Brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="20046322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046322" title="Alpine skiing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics">
Alpine skiing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics consisted of 56 events, 34 for men and 22 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20046330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046330" title="Al Tedrow">
Al Tedrow

Allen Seymour Tedrow (December 14, 1891 – January 23, 1958) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in four games for the Cleveland Naps in . Although he had an impressive ERA of 1.21 (against a league average of 2.87) in 22 innings, he never pitched in the majors after that.

</doc>
<doc id="20046357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046357" title="Jimmy Connor">
Jimmy Connor

Jimmy Connor may refer to two Scottish footballers:

</doc>
<doc id="20046379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046379" title="List of True Jackson, VP episodes">
List of True Jackson, VP episodes

The list of episodes for the Nickelodeon sitcom "True Jackson, VP". The series revolves around True Jackson (Keke Palmer), a fashion-savvy teenage girl who becomes the vice president of the youth apparel division of Mad Style, a fashion company based in New York City. 
The series premiered on November 8, 2008 and ended on August 20, 2011 with 60 episodes spanning three seasons.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20046395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046395" title="Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metre freestyle

The women's 400 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event, which was established in 1924 after 1920 a 300 metre event was held. The competition was held on Thursday August 11, 1932 and on Saturday August 13, 1932.
Fourteen swimmers from nine nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In the third heat Lenore Kight set a new Olympic record with 5:40.9 minutes. Helene Madison set a new world record in the final with 5:28.5 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Thursday August 11, 1932: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals.
Friday August 12, 1932: The fastest three in each semi-final advanced to the final. Marie Braun was not able to compete in the semi-finals. She had to stay in hospital due to blood poisoning after an infection officially caused by a mosquito bite.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Saturday August 13, 1932:

</doc>
<doc id="20046428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046428" title="With Love (Bobby Vinton album)">
With Love (Bobby Vinton album)

With Love was Bobby Vinton's twenty-fourth and final studio album for Epic Records and his twenty-fifth album altogether. It was released in 1974, two years after Epic released Vinton from his contract with them and immediately after the release of "Melodies of Love" (Vinton's first album for ABC Records). The purpose of this release was to take advantage of the success of the aforementioned "Melodies of Love" and his biggest hit at the time "My Melody of Love". Four of the ten songs had previously been released on other albums.
Album credits.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20046436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046436" title="1990 All-Pro Team">
1990 All-Pro Team

The 1990 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1990. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League".
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team.; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; PFW = Pro Football Weekly; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro Team

</doc>
<doc id="20046451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046451" title="Mark Vaillant">
Mark Vaillant

Mark Vaillant (born September 8, 1989 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a French figure skater. He is a three season competitor on the Junior Grand Prix circuit as well as the 2007-2008 French national junior bronze medalist. Vaillant holds dual French-American citizenship. He attended Sciences Po Paris and now works in fixed income trading at Barclays Capital in London.
Before competing for France, he competed in domestic events in the United States as a single skater, and as a pair skater with Mariclair Vaillant.

</doc>
<doc id="20046476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046476" title="Anchomanes">
Anchomanes

Anchomanes is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. The genus consists of 7 or 8 species. Anchomanes is quite similar to species in the genus Dracontium and Amorphophallus, but there are a few apparent differences. One such difference is that the roots are perennial. Also, the stalks are spiny and the tuberous rhizomes has eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="20046483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046483" title="Patrick Dwyer (ice hockey)">
Patrick Dwyer (ice hockey)

Patrick "Pat" Dwyer (born June 22, 1983) is an American professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League. He was selected by the Atlanta Thrashers in the fourth round, 116th overall, of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Dwyer was born in Spokane, Washington, but grew up in Great Falls, Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="20046507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046507" title="El Paso Generals">
El Paso Generals

The El Paso Generals was a professional indoor football team that played in the Indoor Football League in the 2009 season. Based in El Paso, Texas, the Generals played their home games at the El Paso County Coliseum. The Generals were the first indoor football team in El Paso since the charter Intense Football League member the El Paso Rumble folded following their only season in 2004, where they finished 0-16.
Ownership Group.
Allegiance Pro Sports, Inc.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 13 || 3 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20046529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046529" title="Vector meson dominance">
Vector meson dominance

In physics, vector meson dominance (VMD) was a model developed by J. J. Sakurai in the 1960s before the introduction of quantum chromodynamics to describe interactions between energetic photons and hadronic matter. 
In particular the hadronic components of the physical photon consist of the lightest vector mesons formula_1 and formula_2. Therefore, interactions between photons and hadronic matter occur by the exchange of a hadron between the dressed photon and the hadronic target.
Background.
Measurements of the interaction between energetic photons and hadrons show that the interaction is much more intense than expected by the interaction of merely photons with the hadron's electric charge. Furthermore, the interaction of energetic photons with protons is similar to the interaction of photons with neutrons in spite of the fact that the electric charge structures of protons and neutrons are substantially different.
According to VMD, the photon is a superposition of the pure electromagnetic photon (which interacts only with electric charges) and vector meson. 
Just after 1970, when more accurate data on the above processes became available, some discrepancies with the VMD predictions appeared and new extensions of the model were published. These theories are known as Generalized Vector Meson Dominance theories (GVMD).
VMD and Hidden Local Symmetry.
Whilst the ultraviolet description of the standard model is based on QCD, work over many decades has involved writing a low energy effective description of QCD, and further, positing a possible ``dual`` description. One such popular description is that of the hidden local symmetry. The dual description is based on the idea of emergence of gauge symmetries in the infrared of strongly coupled theories. Gauge symmetries are not really physical symmetries (only the global elements of the local gauge group are physical). This emergent property of gauge symmetries was demonstrated in Seiberg duality and later in the development of the AdS/CFT correspondence. In its generalised form, Vector Meson Dominance appears in AdS/CFT, AdS/QCD , AdS/condensed matter and some Seiberg dual constructions. It is therefore a common place idea within the theoretical physics community.
Attacks on VMD.
Measurements of the photon-hadron interactions in higher energy levels show that VMD cannot predict the interaction in such levels. In his Nobel lecture J.I. Friedman summarizes the situation of VMD as follows:
"...this eliminated the model as a possible description of deep inelastic scattering... calculations of the generalized vector-dominance failed in general to describe the data over the full kinematic range..."
The theoretical basis of VMD raised doubts as well. According to VMD a photon is a superposition of pure electromagnetic photon which always moves in the speed of light and hadronic matter which always moves in lower speed. Therefore the VMD idea seems to contradict Special Relativity.
Today, VMD is not considered as part of the Standard Model.

</doc>
<doc id="20046539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046539" title="Boston Bears (AFL)">
Boston Bears (AFL)

The Boston Bears were a professional American football team that competed in the third American Football League in 1940. Owned by Sheldon H. Fairbanks, the team played its home games in the Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts. Coach Eddie Casey’s team was a competitive one, finishing the 1940 season with a 5-4-1 record, good for third place in the AFL, behind league champions Columbus Bullies and second-place Milwaukee Chiefs.
But success on the field did not transform itself into success in the stands. The Bears became the third professional football team to leave Boston in the space of four years (behind the Redskins of the NFL (which moved to Washington in 1937) and the Boston Shamrocks (of the defunct second American Football League, which folded in 1937; the Shamrocks lasted one more year as an independent team before calling it quits). Before the league’s annual preseason meeting, Fairbanks announced the dissolution of the team (in the meeting, the league tabbed Detroit for an expansion team for the 1941 season to replace the Bears; the team later asked the league for a deferment until 1942, which was granted; but the league suspended operations in the wake of the Pearl Harbor attack and the U.S. entry into World War II). Boston would welcome the Boston Yanks of the NFL in the late 1940s, but not have a stable major league football franchise until 1960, when the fourth American Football League’s Boston Patriots started play.

</doc>
<doc id="20046576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046576" title="Vanceboro international bridge bombing">
Vanceboro international bridge bombing

The Vanceboro international bridge bombing was an attempt to destroy the Saint Croix-Vanceboro Railway Bridge on February 2, 1915.
This international bridge crossed the St. Croix River between the border hamlets of St. Croix in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and Vanceboro in the U.S. state of Maine. At the time of the sabotage attempt in 1915, the bridge was jointly owned and operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway on the Canadian side and the Maine Central Railroad on the American side.
The bombing was masterminded by then spymaster Franz von Papen and executed by Werner Horn. The bomb failed to destroy the bridge but did make it unsafe to use until minor repairs were done. The explosion did however blow out windows in nearby buildings in St. Croix and Vanceboro.
Background.
In 1915 the United States was still a neutral country in World War I. The Canadian Pacific Railway was prohibited to carry any war goods or troops onto or through United States territory. However, after Japan entered the war in 1914 on behalf of its British ally, Germany feared that Japan may send troops across the Pacific Ocean and through Canada. Germany was convinced this would occur and ordered that Canadian railways be interrupted.
At the outbreak of World War I, Werner Horn was a German reserve army lieutenant who had been in Moka, Guatemala as the manager of a coffee plantation. After hearing about the outbreak of war he departed the plantation looking to return to Germany. From Moka he proceeded to Belize, and from there sailed to Galveston and onwards to New York City. However he was unable to depart for Germany due to the British blockade in the North Sea. After attempting to set sail for over a month he travelled to Mexico City to return to the plantation. While there he learned that someone else had taken his job. He found work at another plantation in Salto de Agua, Chiapas, but before he could leave he received a card telling him to return to Germany.
On December 26, 1914, Horn travelled to New Orleans and then returned to New York, where he stayed in the Arietta Hotel. While there he met Von Papen, the military attaché of the German Embassy in Washington D.C. Von Papen was seeking saboteurs to disrupt Canadian railways and thought that Horn, who was eager to serve the fatherland, was an ideal candidate. Von Papen went on to explain to the zealous Horn that the bombing would be seen as an act of courage and valour in Germany, and that no one would be killed in the process. However the bridge was heavily used at the time and there was a good chance that a train would be caught up in any explosion. Horn was paid $700 to destroy the St. Croix-Vanceboro railway bridge.
Bombing.
Horn left New York from Grand Central Station on a New Haven Railroad passenger train to Boston on January 29, 1915, carrying a suitcase of dynamite. He took the overnight train out of Boston (operated by the Boston and Maine Railroad), placing the suitcase of explosives in a lower berth. Horn's sleeping car was transferred to the Maine Central Railroad in Portland and proceeded east across Maine to the Maine Central's eastern terminus at the border hamlet of Vanceboro the following day. Upon arrival in Vanceboro, Horn checked into the Exchange Hotel and was observed hiding the suitcase of explosives in a wood pile outdoors while scouting out the railway bridge on the border over the St. Croix River several hundred feet to the east; this bridge was jointly owned by the Canadian Pacific Railway and the Maine Central Railroad. At least three Vanceboro residents reported his suspicious behaviour to the U.S. immigration inspector.
On the night of Monday, February 1, 1915, Horn checked out of the hotel claiming to be catching a train that evening. He apparently changed into a German army uniform, to avoid being convicted of being a spy and executed, before proceeding to the railway bridge over the St. Croix River sometime after midnight.
Horn proceeded to position a suitcase filled with explosives on the Canadian side of the bridge but was interrupted by an oncoming train and was forced to move out of its path. After he was sure it had passed he proceeded to reposition the explosives. However he was interrupted a second time by another train. Puzzled and not wanting to kill anyone, he waited until 1:07 a.m. on February 2 before again repositioning the bomb on a girder. Horn cut the fuse, this changed the time before the explosion from fifty minutes to only three. Horn lit the fuse with a cigar and somehow made it back to the Exchange Hotel through a gale in temperature before the dynamite exploded. At 1:10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 2, 1915 the bomb exploded, blowing out windows across Vanceboro and St. Croix and exposing residents to the freezing air outside. Some iron beams on the bridge were twisted or bent but the damage was relatively minor.
Horn had frostbite on his hands and was assisted by the proprietor of the hotel who allowed him to check back in for the night. The proprietor connected the explosion with Horn's suspicious presence and, upon being informed by residents of the community who had discovered the source and target of the explosion, informed the CPR who closed the bridge and re-routed trains pending a safety inspection.
Railway officials inspected the bridge the following morning and discovered the damage was relatively minor, resulting in the bridge being out of service for several days.
Arrest and imprisonment.
The sheriff for Vanceboro, along with two Canadian police officers from McAdam, New Brunswick who crossed the border to provide assistance, detained Horn at the hotel. Horn reportedly changed into his German army uniform (to avoid being arrested as a spy which was an executable offence) and surrendered to American authorities. Since the bomb exploded on the Canadian (St. Croix, New Brunswick) side of the bridge, the only charge that the United States could initially lay against Horn in order to detain him was a mischief charge for breaking windows in Vanceboro.
Horn was moved soon thereafter to a jail in Machias for his safety (Vanceboro residents were upset with him over the damage he had caused them) while Canadian authorities began the process of seeking his extradition. Horn was interrogated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for several days and signed a confession with an agreed-upon statement of facts where he revealed the details of his crime.
Horn faced a federal grand jury in Boston, Massachusetts at the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts and was indicted on March 2, 1915 for his most serious crime while in the United States - a charge of transporting explosives on a common carrier that also transported passengers for hire. He was sentenced to serve 18 months at the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia.
After serving his sentence, Horn was extradited to Canada in October 1919 and was tried in the Court of Queen's Bench of New Brunswick in Fredericton, New Brunswick. He was found guilty and sentenced to serve 10 years at Dorchester Penitentiary, Dorchester, New Brunswick. Horn was assessed by Canadian prison authorities to be insane in July 1921 whereby he was released and deported to Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20046580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046580" title="Lu Han (Tang Dynasty)">
Lu Han (Tang Dynasty)

Lu Han (盧翰) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Very little is known about Lu Han's background, and his date of birth is not known, as, contrary to the case with most other Tang chancellors, there was no biography of him in either the "Book of Tang" or the "New Book of Tang". His family traced its origins to a line of officials of Qin Dynasty, Han Dynasty, Cao Wei, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Former Yan and/or Later Yan, and Northern Wei, although Lu Han's male line ancestors for several generations prior to his grandfather Lu Lübing (盧履冰), during Tang Dynasty, had not served as governmental officials. Lu Lübing served as a low-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), while Lu Han's father Lu Zhengji (盧正己) served as a minister of justice.
As chancellor.
In 784, while Emperor Dezong was at Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi) because the capital Chang'an was occupied by the rebel Zhu Ci's state of Han, Lu Han, who was then deputy minister of civil service affairs (吏部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"), was made the deputy minister of defense (兵部侍郎, "Bingbu Shilang") and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". Few of his acts were recorded in history. In 784, when fellow chancellor Xiao Fu suggested that Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊) the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu) be replaced with Wei Gao, Emperor Dezong ordered Xiao to only discuss the matter with another chancellor, Liu Congyi, excluding Lu and Li Mian from the discussion, and Xiao's refusal to do so eventually led to Xiao's resignation. Around the new year 785, Lu was given the additional title as overseer of Taiwei Palace (太微宮). In spring 785, Lu and Liu were recorded as not having dared to oppose the promotion of former chancellor Lu Qi, whom the popular sentiment had blamed for the rebellions of Zhu and Li Huaiguang. In 786, Lu Han was removed from his chancellor post and made an advisor to Emperor Dezong's crown prince Li Song. That was the last historical record regarding Lu in history, and it is not known when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="20046591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046591" title="Ahmet Arvasi">
Ahmet Arvasi

Ahmet Arvasi (February 2, 1932 – December 31, 1988), commonly known as Seyyid Ahmet Arvasi, is writer and philosopher who was of Kurdish origin. He served for ideology of “Turkish-Islamic Synthesis Doctrine” of Turkey. He was born in Doğubeyazıt district of Ağrı, Turkey. His family is from Van Province. His father Seyyid Abdulhakim Arvasi should not be confused with Seyyid Abdulhakim Arvasi (1865–1943) who was a Sunni Islamic scholar during the late Ottoman and early Republic periods of Turkey.
His life.
Ahmet Arvasi was graduated from the Erzurum Teachers' College and worked for a while as an elementary school teacher. In 1958 he was graduated from the Department of Pedagogy of the Gazi Education Institution. He worked as a lecturer at the education institutions in Balıkesir, Bursa, and İstanbul respectively and retired in 1979. In the same year he was elected as a member of the General Administration Board of the Nationalist Movement Party (, MHP) and served his term until the 12 September 1980 Turkish coup d'état. After the coup d'état he was detained and tried within a case against the Nationalist Movement Party.
Ahmet Arvasi has published several daily columns, articles, and books. He also delivered many speeches at several conferences and seminars. Before his death, he was a columnist of "Türkiye" daily. He died on 31 December 1988 in front of his typewriter while he was drafting his daily column for "Türkiye" daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20046597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046597" title="Adelsberg (Gemünden am Main)">
Adelsberg (Gemünden am Main)

Adelsberg is an outlying centre ("Stadtteil") of Gemünden am Main in the Main-Spessart district, in Bavaria, Germany. It lies roughly 40 km northwest of Würzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20046633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046633" title="Van Veghten's Bridge">
Van Veghten's Bridge

Van Veghten's Bridge is a bridge spanning the Raritan River in Somerset County, New Jersey, connecting the Finderne section of Bridgewater with Manville. The bridge carries four lanes of Somerset County Route 533 across the river and the flood plain. In Manville the roadway is called North Main Street. In Bridgewater, it becomes Finderne Avenue.
See also.
List of crossings of the Raritan River

</doc>
<doc id="20046639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046639" title="Garbhan Downey">
Garbhan Downey

Garbhan Downey (born 24 February 1966) is a novelist and editor from Derry, Northern Ireland. He is the former Director of Communications and Marketing for Culture Company 2013, which is delivering Derry's City of Culture year.
Biography.
Derry-born Downey cut his teeth in journalism editing University College Galway’s student magazine in the late 1980s. After graduating with an MSc in computing from the University of Ulster, he worked as an entertainments columnist with the "Derry Journal" and then as a staff reporter with the "Londonderry Sentinel", before moving to the "Irish News" to become the paper’s Derry correspondent. 
His offbeat reports of the 1994 World Cup for the "Irish News" were subsequently compiled for his first book, "Just One Big Party". 
Downey spent six years as a BBC news producer in Derry and Belfast, before joining the "Derry News" as editor in 2001. During his period as editor (2001–2004), the "Derry News" won two Newspaper Society awards for Fastest Circulation Growth in the UK. 
Since 2004, he has published six comic novels set in the criminal underbelly of post-ceasefire Ireland. His books have been described as "a superb blend of comedy, political dirty tricks, grisly murder and bizarre twists".
A former deputy-president of the Union of Students in Ireland, Downey was one of the organisers of a student occupation of government offices in Dublin on Budget Day 1988 in protest against education cutbacks.
Downey is a product of St Columb’s College, the Catholic grammar school whose past pupils include John Hume, Seamus Heaney and Brian Friel.
In June 2002, the Police Service of Northern Ireland got a court order to force Downey to hand over pictures the "Derry News" had captured of the Real IRA attacking a communications post.
In 2006, he helped establish the new Northern Ireland literary review "Verbal" and edited the publication for its first six issues.
A lifelong political anorak, in 2007, he worked as an election pundit for TV3 (Ireland), alongside the Irish comedian Brendan O’Carroll. In 2010, he won a contest to predict the winners of Northern Ireland's 18 Westminster constituencies, missing out on just one, Naomi Long, who surprisingly beat First Minister Peter Robinson in East Belfast. Downey donated his prize, a framed Ian Knox cartoon, to Ms Long by way of apology. 
His 2010 comedy-thriller "The American Envoy" was the first novel issued by an Irish publishing house as a Kindle e-book, simultaneously with its paperback release.
In June 2011, he was appointed Director of Media for Culture Company 2013, the body tasked with delivering Derry's UK City of Culture year. 
Downey is married to Una McNally, and they have two children Fiachra (1998) and Bronagh (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="20046646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046646" title="Llamado de Emergencia">
Llamado de Emergencia

"Llamado de Emergencia" () is the second single by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee from the soundtrack to the motion picture "Talento de Barrio", released on September 23, 2008, by El Cartel Records. It is the third released promo single and second official single.
As part of Daddy Yankee's goal to experiment with different latin musical styles, the song is a fusion of reggaeton and even Colombian styles of vallenato.
Music video.
The music video features Daddy Yankee waiting in a car, with his soon-to-be next single, "¿Qué Tengo Que Hacer?" playing. A woman shows up to his car, the woman and him start having an argument in a car. Soon afterwards, Yankee pulls out and gets into a car crash, leaving fatal injuries on the woman. It is soon reported to 9-1-1, leaving Yankee to only reminisce about the memories he has of the woman and himself spending time together, later going to her funeral seeing her in a chair, crying. He then goes to see the body, and it is revealed he is the one who has died. Remembering everything, he awakes in the car that he was at the start, with the woman coming up to the car. The video was directed by Luis Enrique. The video is one of Daddy Yankee's most viewed video on Youtube so far, as of May 17, 2012 it has 59,586,354 views.

</doc>
<doc id="20046649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046649" title="1878 Atlantic hurricane season">
1878 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1878 Atlantic hurricane season lasted from the summer through much of the fall. Records show that 1878 featured an relatively active hurricane season. A total of twelve storms were observed during the year. There were two tropical storms, eight hurricanes and two major hurricanes (Category 3+). However, in the absence of modern satellite and other remote-sensing technologies, only storms that affected populated land areas or encountered ships at sea were recorded, so the actual total could be higher. An undercount bias of zero to six tropical cyclones per year between 1851 and 1885 and zero to four per year between 1886 and 1910 has been estimated. Of the known 1878 cyclones, both Hurricane Three and Hurricane Four were first documented in 1995 by Jose Fernandez-Partagas and Henry Diaz, who also proposed large changes to the known tracks of Hurricanes Two,Seven and Eight. Further analysis,from 2000 onwards, extended the duration of Hurricane Three by one day and identified major track changes for Hurricane Five.
__TOC__
Season summary.
The Atlantic hurricane database (HURDAT) recognizes twelve tropical cyclones for 1878 in the Atlantic basin; two were tropical storms and ten were hurricanes. This season caused a total of 108 fatalities. The most notable hurricane of the 1878 Atlantic season was Hurricane Eleven or the Gale of 1878. This hurricane caused at least 72 fatalities in Cuba and the United States. Estimated damage from this storm amounted to $2 million.
The first storm of 1878 was Tropical Storm One, which formed in the Gulf of Mexico on July 1. It impacted Florida and weakened to a tropical depression over land but regained some intensity when it emerged into the Atlantic. It brought high winds and heavy rainfall as far as North Carolina. Hurricane Two grew from a tropical storm near the Leeward Islands to impact Mexico as a Category 1 hurricane on August 18. Hurricane Three was a Category 1 hurricane that existed in the mid-Atlantic from August 19 to August 21, when it dissipated over the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. Hurricane Four was first seen near the Bahamas on August 25. It tracked northeast and passed within 90 miles of Bermuda before dissipating in the mid-Atlantic on August 30. Hurricane Five hit the Leeward Islands on September 2, then Haiti and passed north of Cuba. It made landfall on the Florida peninsula as a tropical storm, moved offshore, strengthened and made another landfall near Tampa before passing over St Augustine on September 11. The storm caused several ship wrecks along the east coast of Florida. Hurricane Six was a Category 2 hurricane that existed in the western Atlantic between September 12 and September 18. Hurricane Seven is the only known Category 4 hurricane of 1878. It made landfall on Haiti as a Category 1 hurricane and rapidly weakened to a tropical storm but regained hurricane strength in the Atlantic. After passing through the Bahamas it grew to a Category 2 hurricane. It continued to grew, becoming a Category 3 hurricane on September 30 and reaching Category 4 strength by October 8. Hurricane Eight grew from a tropical storm in the Gulf of Mexico on October 9. It crossed over Florida and grew to a Category 1 hurricane as it tracked north off the US east coast. Hurricane Nine was a minimal Category 1 Hurricane that existed in the Atlantic between October 9 and October 16. Hurricane Ten also remained at sea throughout its entire duration between October 13 and October 19. Hurricane Eleven, or the Gale Of 1878, was the most destructive storm of the year. It first made landfall in Cuba at hurricane strength, then weakened before passing over Florida and the Bahamas. The storm again strengthened before making landfall in North Carolina. It dissipated over New York on October 24. Tropical Storm Twelve passed over the Lesser Antilles in late November before passing close to Puerto Rico and then dissipating near Jamaica on December 2.
Storms.
Tropical Storm One.
On July 1 a tropical storm developed in the Gulf of Mexico off the Florida coast. It produced frequent rain, easterly wind, and diminishing pressure in Florida. 
The storm made landfall in Florida on July 2 with maximum sustained winds of ; Punta Rassa, Florida, recorded a minimum pressure of that afternoon. Key West, Florida, registered a wind of . The storm likely briefly weakened to a tropical depression over Florida but emerged into the Atlantic Ocean that afternoon and quickly regained tropical storm status. Rainy weather with frequent easterly gales extended northward through South Carolina. 
On July 3, easterly gales and rainy weather prevailed along the Atlantic coast as far north as Cape Hatteras. Smithville, North Carolina, registered a maximum wind of from the east. The tropical storm exited the coastal region on the afternoon of July 3, and no further records are, currently, known.
Hurricane Two.
A tropical storm was discovered in the vicinity of the Leeward Islands on August 8. It moved to the west across the Caribbean Sea and then to the northwest. By the time that it entered the Gulf of Mexico, the system had intensified into a hurricane. The storm moved west across the Gulf of Mexico, and maintained hurricane status until making landfall in Mexico on August 18. The hurricane had dissipated over Mexico by the next day.
Hurricane Three.
A Category one hurricane was first observed in the mid-Atlantic, north-east of Bermuda, on August 19. It moved to the north, toward Atlantic Canada. The hurricane grazed Nova Scotia shortly before it reached peak intensity. Sustained winds at peak intensity were while the minimum central pressure was at 963 mbar. It then grazed Newfoundland before it became extratropical in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence on August 21.
Hurricane Four.
A tropical storm was discovered in the vicinity of the Bahamas on August 25. It moved to the northeast early in its duration. By August 27 it strengthened into a hurricane. After this it steadily got stronger as it moved toward Bermuda. On August 28 it had been upgraded to a Category 2 hurricane. Near peak intensity it passed within of Bermuda. At peak intensity, the maximum sustained wind was and the pressure was 972 mbar. The intensity of the storm barely leveled off over the next two days.The cyclone was last seen on August 30.
Hurricane Five.
A tropical storm was first observed on September 1 just north of South America. It moved to the west-northwest, becoming a hurricane before hitting the Leeward Islands on September 2. It continued across the Caribbean, hitting Haiti and paralleling the north coast of Cuba.By September 7 it had weakened to a tropical storm and was east of Key West, Florida. It made landfall, on the Florida peninsula, soon afterwards and began moving slowly north before drifting back offshore where it strengthened.On the morning of September 10 it began moving east and made landfall north of Tampa with maximum sustained winds of . The center passed over St. Augustine on September 11. When it reached the western Atlantic it became a hurricane again and caused several ships to be wrecked along the north-east coast of Florida, between Cape Canaveral and Amelia Island. It stuck southern South Carolina on September 12, and became extratropical the next day over Virginia. In Central Florida, the cyclone flooded the area near Fort Basinger, including the Kissimmee River valley, in present-day Okeechobee County. Very heavy rainfall along its path affected the Florida peninsula. The hurricane caused at least nine deaths, though some reports suggest more were likely.
Hurricane Six.
A Category one hurricane was first discovered over to the east of the Windward Islands on September 11. After several days it grew to a Category 2 hurricane with winds peaking at .The minimum pressure is unknown. It dissipated on September 18 about to the south-southeast on Bermuda.
Hurricane Seven.
A tropical storm was first observed in the central Caribbean on September 24. It moved to the north, strengthening into a Category 1 hurricane before making landfall in Haiti. It quickly weakened to a tropical storm while passing roughly to the west of Port-au-Prince. An American brigatine was wrecked at Tiburon with all hands lost. The storm rapidly regained hurricane status after emerging into the Atlantic. It passed through the eastern Bahamas shortly before it was upgraded to a Category 2 hurricane. Again it gradually strengthened, becoming a Category 3 hurricane by September 30 and a Category 4 hurricane by October 2. It continued to the northeast and moved away from land. The cyclone also maintained major hurricane status at a high latitude, roughly at 47.5N, but weakened somewhat before it was last seen on October 8.
Hurricane Eight.
A tropical storm formed in the Gulf of Mexico on October 9. It moved across Florida, and after tracking near the coasts of Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, it strengthened to a hurricane. The storm brought heavy wind and rain to New England, causing 27 deaths.
Hurricane Nine.
A tropical storm was first discovered on October 9 in the mid-Atlantic. It strengthened into a minimal hurricane before it dissipated at sea on October 16. It is likely that Hurricane Eight and Hurricane Nine merged into a single, large extratropical storm on 
October 16.
Hurricane Ten.
Hurricane Ten was a major hurricane that remained at sea during its entire duration. It was first discovered while a tropical storm of October 13. Over the next two days it strengthened slightly. By October 15 it became a hurricane and a Category 2 hurricane by the next day. It had also become a Category 3 hurricane on October 17. It attained peak intensity on October 18, sustained winds reached . The hurricane weakened slightly before it was last seen on October 19.
Hurricane Eleven.
On October 18 a tropical storm formed west of Jamaica. As it neared landfall in Cuba, it strengthened to a 100 mph (160 km/h) hurricane, but weakened while crossing the island. It passed over southeast Florida and the Bahamas, strengthening to a 100 mph (160 km/h) hurricane again before hitting North Carolina between Wilmington and Morehead City. The hurricane raced across the interior of the United States, becoming extratropical on the 24th over New York. The hurricane caused over $2 million in damage, and at least 72 casualties. These included 19 people killed when a ship, the "A.S.Davis", was driven ashore at Virginia Beach.In total, the hurricane was responsible for 22 shipwrecks. Among these was the steamer "City of Houston" which was lost on Frying Pan Shoals.
Tropical Storm Twelve.
A tropical storm was first discovered on November 25 some 700 miles east of the Lesser Antilles. On November 28 and 29 it passed over much of the northern Lesser Antilles. The storm then passed near the southern coast of Puerto Rico and its effects were felt in southeastern and southern Puerto Rico. Later on it continued into the Caribbean and dissipated on December 2 while a few hundred miles south of Jamaica. 

</doc>
<doc id="20046659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046659" title="Eridge Park">
Eridge Park

Eridge Park occupies the north of the parish of Rotherfield, its adjoining home of the same name is the seat of the marquess of Abergavenny. The park itself has substantial dense woodland to north and south, forming a Site of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex, England. The house is a 20th-century neo-Georgian structure on an ancient site, which is not a listed building but the parkland is of biological interest, consisting of ancient woodland and parkland, supporting a wide range of flora and fauna. Its particular scientific uniqueness is that is the best site in Great Britain for epiphytic lichen.
Location.
The name Eridge derives from 'Eagle ridge', or 'ridge frequented by eagles'. It is directly north of Rotherfield, and largely overlaps the ecclesiastical parish of Eridge Green. Eridge Castle was the predecessor property and until 1856 had its own ecclesiastical parish — the seat (main home) of the Earl and Marquess of Abergavenny but not a listed building.
On the village street is the church which is grade II listed and six other listed buildings including the public house, the "Neville Crest and Gun", which is their family.
In 1792 the Henry Nevill, 2nd Earl of Abergavenny converted the old Eridge House into a Gothic castle, which he named "Eridge Castle". It was replaced by a Neo-Georgian mansion in the 1930s. The area also contains several follies, including the Saxonbury Tower and several ornamental buildings near the Sham Farm business park. The undulating park and garden of Eridge Park is densely wooded to its north (Whitehill Wood) and south (Saxonbury Hill) and is highly-rated (Grade II* listed) for its landscape by English Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="20046666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046666" title="Ocean's Three and a Half">
Ocean's Three and a Half

"Ocean's Three and a Half" is the seventh episode of the seventh season of "Family Guy". It first aired in the United States on the Fox television network on February 15, 2009. Peter decides to induce his friend Joe Swanson's wife Bonnie into labor so that Joe will be able to spend more time with him. Bonnie gives birth to a baby girl, but now Joe has trouble with medical bills. Peter, Joe, Cleveland and Quagmire decide to rob Peter's father-in-law, Carter Pewterschmidt. Peter's wife and Pewterschmidt's daughter, Lois, convinces Joe to stop. Lois gets the money from Pewterschmidt by telling him she needs the money for a divorce lawyer. A subplot involves Stewie, who becomes infatuated with Bonnie's daughter Susie.
The episode includes a non-sequitur parody of Christian Bale's rant on the set of "Terminator Salvation", with actual audio clips of Bale interspersed with Peter's voice. The spoof received positive reception from writers for the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Post", and "The Guardian". The episode received a positive overall review on video game website IGN.
Plot.
Frustrated that Joe is growing more concerned that Bonnie is due to give birth within days, Peter attempts to induce labor so Joe will spend more time with him, Cleveland and Quagmire. Peter plays "Two and a Half Men" near Bonnie, hoping that the baby will come out to change the channel. When Bonnie finally gives birth to her baby, a girl named Susie, Joe is unable to pay the $20,000 he needs for her medical bills. He turns to a loan shark for the money, but ends up in debt to him. Peter and his friends turn to Carter for the money to pay off the loan shark, but Carter refuses, because he thinks it would be funnier if he did that. In one final act of desperation, Peter proposes they rob Carter. Once they reach the vault, however, Lois arrives on the scene and convinces Joe to stop. Lois talks Carter into providing the money, telling him she is using it for a divorce lawyer; when Peter asks her if she is joking, Lois says nothing, leaving Peter a little worried.
Meanwhile, Stewie falls in love with Susie and attempts to win her heart by writing songs and making a detailed music video featuring him singing a direct version of Bryan Adams' song "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You". In the end, however, he states he is over his crush and has an interest in Bryan Adams.
Cultural references.
Peter calls Christian Bale "that jerk" after encountering him on the set of "Terminator Salvation", with a non-sequitur showing a tape machine playing the actual audio with Peter's voice mixed in for comedic effect. The audio includes approximately two minutes of an actual outburst Bale made on the set of the film, with Peter's comments interspersed throughout. "You are gonna owe a fortune to the swear jar", says Peter in response to the multiple swear words from Bale. He also tells Bale: "I don't get why we need another 'Terminator'." The episode also includes a jab at Microsoft's Zune, an MP3 player which is a competitor to the Apple Inc. iPod. Carter Pewterschmidt makes fun of Bill Gates, saying he does not own a Zune but rather an iPod, "like the rest of the world".
Reception.
The episode received a Nielsen rating of 3.8 among viewers 18-49, garnering second place behind ABC's "Desperate Housewives" for the night. "Family Guy" was among the top 20 shows for the week in the 18-49 demographic, and ranked sixth among the top 17 shows on the Fox Network for the week. Ahsan Haque of IGN commented that the Bale spoof "ranks right up there with some of the best timely pop-culture references in the series". Haque concluded, "It's been a while since we've had new episodes, but it certainly feels like it's been worth the wait as 'Ocean's Three and a Half' turns out to be a triumphant return to form for the series."
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" called the episode "fine", and graded it B-. He wrote that the Bale spoof and Stewie's music video were "funny for a while" but went on "way too long". Geoff Boucher of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote positively of the Bale parody, commenting, "Oh, could there possibly be a single iota of humor left in the Christian Bale on-set rant? Why yes, yes there is, thanks to Seth McFarlane and company at 'Family Guy.'" Jackie Strause of the "New York Post" called the exchange between Peter Griffin and Bale "typical 'Family Guy' fashion.
In commenting on the Bale spoof, Ben Child of "The Guardian" wrote: "Personally, I tend to find Family Guy a bit hit and miss, but the US comedy's rather facile flashback formula does at least make it easy to chuck in the topical references."

</doc>
<doc id="20046673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046673" title="Chronicles (Jon and Vangelis album)">
Chronicles (Jon and Vangelis album)

Chronicles is an album produced by Jon and Vangelis, released by Polydor in 1994. 
Personnel.
Music composed by Vangelis & Jon Anderson
Lyrics by Jon Anderson
Arranged and Produced by Vangelis.

</doc>
<doc id="20046688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046688" title="Cholo (disambiguation)">
Cholo (disambiguation)

Cholo may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20046689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046689" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics

Cross-country skiing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics consisted of 35 events, 23 for men and 12 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20046750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046750" title="Ice sledge speed racing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics">
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics

Ice sledge speed racing at the 1984 Winter Paralympics consisted of 16 events, 8 for men and 8 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="20046851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046851" title="Namiquipa Municipality">
Namiquipa Municipality

Namiquipa is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Namiquipa. 
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 20,314, of whom 1,718 lived in the municipal seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="20046855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046855" title="Irisation">
Irisation

In meteorology, irisation, a type of photometeor, is multiple mixed iridescent colors caused by sunlight being diffracted in clouds. The colors are often brilliant and mingled together, sometimes similar to mother-of-pearl. They sometimes appear as bands parallel to the edge of the clouds. Irisation is caused by very uniform water droplets diffracting light (Within 10 degrees from the Sun) and by first order interference effects (Beyond about 10 degrees from the Sun). It can extend up to 40 degrees from the Sun. Irisation is sometimes seen along the borders of lenticular clouds. Irisations are named after the Greek goddess Iris, goddess of rainbows and messenger of Zeus and Hera to the mortals below. 

</doc>
<doc id="20046862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046862" title="Li Mian">
Li Mian

Li Mian (李勉) (717 – September 14, 788), courtesy name Xuanqing (玄卿), formally Duke Zhenjian of Qian (汧貞簡公), was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Li Mian was born in 717, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. He was a member of Tang Dynasty's imperial Li clan, being a great-grandson of Li Yuanyi (李元懿) the Prince of Zheng, a son of Tang's founding emperor Emperor Gaozu. His father Li Zeyan (李擇言) was a son of Li Yuanyi's son Li Xuan (李璿) the Duke of Nanhai, but as Li Xuan's brother Li Lin (李琳) the Duke of Ande was sonless, Li Lin adopted Li Zeyan, who thus inherited the title of Duke of Ande. Li Zeyan successively served as a prefect of four prefectures, and while serving under the important official Zhang Jiazhen, who was otherwise arrogant and condescending toward his subordinates, was particularly respected by Zhang.
Li Mian himself was said to be studious in the Confucian classics and histories in his youth, and after he grew, was said to be quiet, elegant, honest, and strict. He also was well-learned in mysticism. As he was a close relative to the imperial line, he was eventually made the magistrate of Kaifeng County. At that time, Kaifeng, the capital of Bian Prefecture (汴州), was a key transportation point for both water and land transport, and the population was highly diverse and difficult to govern. Both Li Mian and his colleague from a nearby county, Lu Chenggui (盧成軌), were both known for their abilities to capture criminals and maintain order.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang, and by summer 756, the forces of his new state of Yan were approaching the Tang capital Chang'an, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee to Chengdu. Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng, however, did not follow him to Chengdu, but fled to Lingwu instead, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong). Li Mian followed Emperor Suzong to Lingwu, and was made "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史), an imperial censor. At that time, everything at Emperor Suzong's court, including his palace, was makeshift, and the officers lacked discipline. On one occasion, the officer Guan Chongsi (管崇嗣) was sitting with his back to the palace, considered a disrespectful posture. Li Mian submitted an indictment against Guan, and Emperor Suzong, while pardoning Guan for his indiscretion, stated, "It is because I have Li Mian that the court even has any discipline." In 757, after Tang forces recaptured Chang'an and were attacking east and seeking to recapture the eastern capital Luoyang, which had become the Yan capital, there was an occasion when over 100 Yan captives were delivered to Chang'an, to be executed on Emperor Suzong's orders. Li Mian submitted a petition stating:
Emperor Suzong thus pardoned the captives.
Subsequently, after Tang forces recaptured Luoyang, Li Mian served as the deputy mayor of Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the Luoyang region), and later successively served as military commander under the generals Wang Sili (王思禮) and Li Guozhen (李國貞). He later became the commandant at Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) and governor (觀察使, "Guanchashi") of Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Hanzhong). On one occasion, when Wang Zui (王晬), a capable junior official that he had made the magistrate of Liang Prefecture's seat Nanzheng County (南鄭), was falsely accused by powerful men at court and ordered executed by Emperor Suzong's edict, Li Mian, instead of following the edict, detained Wang but stopped the execution, and immediately submitted a petition defending Wang. Wang was subsequently spared. However, as a result, in 762, Li Mian was recalled to Chang'an to serve as "Dali Shaoqing" (大理少卿), the deputy chief judge of the supreme court (大理寺, "Dali Si"). Once Li Mian was at Chang'an, he met Emperor Suzong to proclaim Wang's innocence and list Wang's accomplishments. Emperor Suzong approved of him and made him the deputy minister of worship (太常卿, "Taichang Qing"). Emperor Suzong wanted to promote him further, but as Li Mian would not be submissive to the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo, and so Li Mian was sent out of the capital to serve as the prefect of Fen Prefecture (汾州, in modern Linfen, Shanxi).
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died later in 762 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Daizong. During Emperor Daizong's reign, Li Mian successively served as the prefect of Guo Prefecture (虢州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆, i.e., the Chang'an region), and the mayor of Henan Municipality. Subsequently, he served as deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng"), and then the governor of Jiangxi Circuit (江西, headquartered in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi). While serving at Jiangxi Circuit, he had to combat several rebellions and was able to suppress them with help from other circuits. On one occasion, when the father of one of his subordinates was ill, the subordinate used witchcraft to try to cure his father, and the witchcraft including making a doll with Li Mian's name on it and burying it. When the doll was found, Li Mian stated, "He was doing this for his father's cure, and this can be forgiven."
In 767, Li Mian was in Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Daizong, and was made the mayor of Jingzhao as well as the chief imperial censor (御史大夫, "Yushi Daifu"). He was said to be simple and solemn in his governance. At that time, the powerful eunuch Yu Chao'en was the monitor of the armies as well as acting principal of the imperial university (國子監, "Guozi Jian"). Due to the authority he had, he was arrogant and demanded respect. Li Mian's predecessors as mayor all, when Yu visited the university, held feasts with food sufficient for several hundred people. When Yu visited the university on Li Mian's watch, however, Li Mian refused — pointing out that as the principal, Yu was the host when he visited the university, and that if he were ever to visit the Jingzhao municipal government, he would surely hold a feast in Yu's honor. When Yu heard this, he resented Li Mian and did not visit the university. Soon, Li Mian was removed.
In 769, Li Mian was made the military governor of Lingnan Circuit (嶺南, headquartered in modern Guangzhou, Guangdong), as well as the prefect of Lingnan's capital Guang Prefecture (廣州). At that time, two rebels, Feng Chongdao (馮崇道) and Zhu JIshi (朱濟時), had been holding more than 10 prefectures. After Li Mian's arrival, he supported his subordinates Li Guan (李觀) and Wang Hong (王翃) in suppressing the rebels, and was able to calm the circuit by 771. It was said that because Li Mian was honest in his governance of the circuit, previously, only four or five foreign merchant ships would arrive in Guang Prefecture per year, but toward the end of his term, because Li Mian did not demand bribes, more than 40 foreign merchant ships would arrive each year. Later, when he was recalled to Chang'an, on the journey back, as he was going through Shimen (石門, in modern Changde, Hunan), he threw treasures that his family members had collected into the Yangtze River to show that he did not treasure them. This led popular opinion at the time to compare him to such honest officials of the past such as Song Jing, Lu Huan (盧奐), and Li Chaoyin (李朝隱). The people and officials of Guang Prefecture requested Emperor Daizong's permission to build a monument in Li Mian's honor, and Emperor Daizong agreed. In 775, Emperor Daizong made him the minister of public works (工部尚書, "Gongbu Shangshu") and created him the Duke of Qian. In 773, when Linghu Zhang (令狐彰) the military governor of Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan) was near death, Linghu recommended Emperor Daizong to replace him with either Li Mian or Liu Yan, and Emperor Daizong made Li Mian the military governor of Yongping to replace Linghu.
In 776, Tian Shenyu (田神玉) the acting military governor of Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), died. Tian's subordinate Li Lingyao (李靈曜) killed Tian's son and took over the circuit. Emperor Daizong initially reacted by making Li Mian the acting military governor of Biansong and commissioning Li Lingyao as the prefect of Pu Prefecture (濮州, in modern Heze, Shandong). When Li Lingyao refused, Emperor Daizong gave in and made him the acting military governor of Biansong, but when Li Lingyao subsequently refused to follow imperial orders, Emperor Daizong commissioned governors of the surrounding circuits — Li Mian, Li Zhongchen, Ma Sui, Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊), and Li Zhengji — to attack Li Lingyao. Later that year, with Li Zhongchen and Ma directly attacking Biansong's capital Bian Prefecture, they defeated Li Lingyao and forced him to flee. Li Lingyao was captured in flight by Li Mian's subordinate Du Rujiang (杜如江), and Li Mian had Li Lingyao delivered to Chang'an to be executed. Initially, the western half of Biansong was merged into Li Zhongchen's Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), but after Li Zhongchen's subordinate Li Xilie mutinied and expelled him in 779, Emperor Dezong, while allowing Li Xilie to take over Huaixi, stripped Bian and Ying (潁州, in modern Fuyang, Anhui) Prefectures from Huaixi and added them to Yongping. He also had Li Mian move Yongping's headquarters to Bian Prefecture.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
As military governor of Yongping Circuit.
Later in 779, Emperor Daizong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Emperor Dezong made Li Mian an honorary chancellor with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
Emperor Dezong soon took a harder line against the military governors of several circuits which were effectively governed independently from the imperial government — Li Zhengji's Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), Li Baochen's Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), Tian Yue's Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), and Liang Chongyi's Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei). After Li Baochen and Li Zhengji both died in 781, he refused to let their respective sons, Li Weiyue and Li Na, inherit their fathers' positions, and those semi-independent circuits mobilized to prepare for war against the imperial government. As part of the preparation for war, Emperor Dezong divided Yongping, making three of its seven prefectures — Song (宋州, in modern Shangqiu, Henan), Bo (亳州, in modern Bozhou, Anhui), and Ying Prefectures — into a new Xuanwu Circuit, giving Si Prefecture (泗州, in modern Huai'an, Jiangsu) to Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), and adding Zheng Prefecture (鄭州, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan) to Yongping. He also made Li Mian the overall commander of the forces not only of his own circuit, but also of Xuanwu and Heyang (河陽, headquartered in modern Luoyang) Circuits. When Liu Qia (劉洽) the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit was subsequently able to put LI Na under siege at Pu Prefecture, Li Mian persuaded Li Na to offer to submit to imperial authority, but Emperor Dezong, convinced of victory at that point, refused to accept Li Na's surrender. Subsequently, Li Na was able to regroup and continue to resist the imperial government. When Emperor Dezong subsequently ordered Li Xilie to attack Li Na, Li Xilie, who was secretly aligned with Li Na, pretended to be ready to attack Pinglu through Yongping, and he requested Li Mian to permit him passage, while he was preparing to launch a surprise attack on Yongping instead. Li Mian prepared to welcome Li Xilie through his circuit but mobilized his own troops to prepare for an attack. Li Xilie, realizing that Li Mian was taking precautions, did not attack Yongping at this point.
By 783, when Li Xilie was openly defying the imperial government, the chancellor Lu Qi, resentful of the senior official Yan Zhenqing, suggested Emperor Dezong to send Yan to Huaixi to try to persuade Li Xilie to resubmit. Li Mian, seeking that Yan's mission would be fruitless and that he was heading for certain death, submitted an objection and tried to intercept Yan on the way, but was unable to do so. Yan was subsequently detained by Li Xilie, although Li Xilie's subordinates Zhou Zeng (周曾), Wang Bin (王玢), and Yao Dan (姚憺) were in secret communications with Li Mian and hoping to replace Li Xilie and replace him with Yan. Soon, their plot was discovered, however, and Li Xilie killed them. Subsequently, when the imperial general Emperor Dezong sent to attack Li Xilie, Geshu Yao (哥舒曜), was put under siege by LI Xilie at Xiangcheng (襄城, in modern Xuchang, Henan), Emperor Dezong ordered Li Mian and Liu Dexin (劉德信) to aid Geshu. Li Mian, believing that since Li Xilie was attacking Xiangcheng, Xu Prefecture (許州, in modern Xuchang) would be easy to capture, and once Xu Prefecture fell, Li Xilie would be forced to lift the siege on Xiangcheng. He therefore ordered Liu and Tang Hanchen (唐漢臣) to attack Xu Prefecture. Before Liu and Tang could reach Xu Prefecture, however, Emperor Dezong sent an edict ordering them to stop. Liu and Tang were surprised and dismayed, and they withdrew, and they became careless in their retreat. They were ambushed by Li Xilie's officer Li Kecheng (李克誠), and suffered massive losses. With Li Mian fearful that Luoyang would be under attack, he sent an army under Li Jian (李堅) with 4,000 men to Luoyang to aid it, but subsequently, with the return path cut off by Li Xilie, they were unable to return to Bian Prefecture. From that point on, Yongping itself was in a precarious position, unable to aid Geshu and finding it difficult to stand against Li Xilie.
By late 783, Li Xilie was putting Bian Prefecture under siege. Li Mian held the city against the siege for more than a month, but with no aid forces arriving, he abandoned Bian Prefecture and took over 10,000 people to flee to Xuanwu's capital Song Prefecture. Li Mian submitted a petition to Emperor Dezong — who was at Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi) at the time due to rebellion by Zhu Ci, who had seized Chang'an and declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin — requesting punishment. Emperor Dezong responded, ""I" was unable to defend the imperial ancestral temples. Li Mian needs not be insecure." Li Mian subsequently transferred his troops to Liu Qia. By fall 784, with Li Mian repeatedly requesting punishment, Emperor Dezong removed him from the overall command of the three circuits and the military governorship of Yongping, but recalled him to Chang'an (which had been recaptured by that point) to serve as chancellor as well as acting "Situ" (司徒, one of the Three Excellencies). When Li Mian arrived at Chang'an, many officials commented, "Li Mian lost Daliang [(大梁, another name for Bian Prefecture)] and should not remain as chancellor." Emperor Dezong's trusted senior advisor Li Mi pointed out that while Li Mian was not a capable general, he was a capable governor that the people loved and respected, and that he, by transferring the command to Liu, contributed to Liu's subsequent victory. Emperor Dezong agreed with Li Mi and allowed Li Mian to exercise his authority as chancellor.
Chancellorship and after chancellorship.
Li Mian, while he was then in the chancellor's office, did not dare to exert his authority, and he often simply yielded to the other chancellors. In 784, when fellow chancellor Xiao Fu suggested that Chen Shaoyou be replaced as military governor of Huainan Circuit with Wei Gao, Emperor Dezong ordered Xiao to only discuss the matter with another chancellor, Liu Congyi, excluding Li Mian and Lu Han from the discussion, and Xiao's refusal to do so eventually led to Xiao's resignation. In 785, when Emperor Dezong, over the objections of the officials Yuan Gao (袁高), Chen Jing (陳京), and Zhao Xu (趙需), was set to promote Lu Qi, who had been demoted to be a prefectural military advisor and exiled because he was blamed for the rebellions of Zhu Ci and Li Huaiguang, to be prefect, Li Mian backed Yuan and his colleagues. When Emperor Dezong asked the chancellors, "Is it all right to make Lu Qi the prefect of a small prefecture?" Li Mian responded, "If Your Imperial Majesty really want to use him, even a large prefecture is all right. But you should consider how disappointed the realm would be." Further, when Emperor Dezong asked Li Mian, "Everyone accuses Lu Qi of treacherousness, but I do not see it. Do you, Lord, see it?" Li Mian responded, "Everyone under heaven knows that he is treacherous, but Your Imperial Majesty does not. This is, indeed, proof of his treacherousness." This caused Li Mian to be further admired for his honesty, but also because of such bluntness, Emperor Dezong distanced himself from Li Mian.
In 786, when Emperor Dezong reorganized his government and put the six ministries of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng") directly under the chancellors, Li Mian was given control of the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu"). Subsequently, with Li Mian repeatedly offering to resign, he was removed from his chancellor post and made a senior advisor to Emperor Dezong's crown prince Li Song. Li Mian died later in 786 and was buried with great honors.
Li Mian was known for his abilities in guqin and poetry, and he wrote a number of musical pieces. It was said that during his time in high positions, for more than 20 years, he distributed his salaries to his relatives and subordinates, leaving little for himself, such that when he died, there were no savings, and that despite his honored status, he was constantly humble in dealing with subordinates. He had invited two famed individuals, Li Xun (李巡) and Zhang Can (張參), as secretaries, and after both Li Xun and Zhang died while serving him, for three years, during feasts, he would have places set for them at the table and offered meals and wine to their spirits.

</doc>
<doc id="20046865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046865" title="None Too Soon">
None Too Soon

None Too Soon is the ninth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released on September 24, 1996 through Polydor Records (Japan), JMS–Cream Records (Europe) and Restless Records (United States); a remastered edition was reissued on April 17, 2012 through Moonjune Records. In a slight departure from Holdsworth's usual solo work, the album is composed mainly of jazz standard interpretations, as well as two original pieces written by pianist and longtime collaborator Gordon Beck. Both musicians had previously worked together on the albums "Sunbird" (1979), "The Things You See" (1980) and "With a Heart in My Song" (1988). According to Holdsworth, Beck's use of a digital piano (as opposed to a regular one) was something to which the latter was not accustomed.

</doc>
<doc id="20046895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046895" title="Chachapoyas Airport">
Chachapoyas Airport

Chachapoyas , is an airport in Peru serving Chachapoyas in the Amazonas Region.
Airlines and destinations.
The following airlines serve the airport:

</doc>
<doc id="20046920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046920" title="List of twin towns and sister cities in the Palestinian territories">
List of twin towns and sister cities in the Palestinian territories

This is a list of places in the Palestinian territories having standing links to local communities in other countries. In most cases, the association, especially when formalised by local government, is known as town twinning (though other terms, such as "partner towns", "sister cities" or "brother cities" are sometimes used instead), and while most of the places included are towns, the list also comprises villages, cities, districts, counties, etc. with similar links.
__NOTOC__
Bethlehem.
Bethlehem is twinned with:
Nablus.
Nablus is twinned, or has sister city relationships with:

</doc>
<doc id="20046925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046925" title="People's Square and Park">
People's Square and Park

The People's Square and Park is one of the major parks surrounding the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon, Myanmar. Located west of the great pagoda to the former Pyithu Hluttaw (People's Parliament) complex, the 135.72 acre (54.92-hectare) park is bounded by Pyay Road to its west, U Wisara Road to its east, Dhammazedi Road to its north and Ahlone Road to its south.
The area had been part of the palace grounds of Queen Shin Sawbu and later a golf course for some years during the colonial days.
A little over half of the complex is the People's Square. A flower- and tree-lined marble esplanade starting from Pyithu Hluttaw towards the Shwedagon Pagoda is the center piece of the square. Over a thousand trees and plants from 52 species make up the square. Pyidaungsu Ayeyeik Nyein occupies a corner of the Square and holds a permanent exhibition of dioramas of various Burmese ethnic groups, specimens of valuable timber and gemstones from various parts of the country.
People's Park occupies adjacent to the square in the north. Over 3,000 plants including 72 species of trees, 12 species of bamboo and 50 species of shrubs and climbers indigenous to various parts of the country are planted in this park. botanical maze, flower displays, fruit trees and medicinal herbs account for an additional 17,000 flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20046951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046951" title="Transport in Bihar">
Transport in Bihar

This article deals with the system of transport in Bihar, both public and private.
Long distance.
Ground transport.
Roadways.
The state has a vast network of state roadways There are 29 national highways with total length of 2,910 km and many state highways with total length of 3,766 km. Bihar State Tourism Development Corporations run deluxe and luxury buses to all Major places in Bihar. There are other car rental and taxi provider. EazeeCab started in different parts of Bihar. Bihar has now improved roads, services, motels and dhabas.
Railways.
Bihar is well-connected by railway lines to the rest of India. Most of the towns are interconnected among themselves, and they also are directly connected to Kolkata, Delhi and Mumbai. Patna, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Katihar, Barauni, Chhapra, Bhagalpur and Gaya are Bihar's best-connected railway stations.
Indian Railways has created East Central Railway on October 1, 2002 with headquarter at Hajipur. It comprises Samastipur, Sonpur divisions of North Eastern Railway and Danapur, Mughalsarai, and Dhanbad divisions of Eastern Railway.
Water transport.
Bihar is connected by National Waterways No. 1 which established in October 1986. This National Waterways has fixed terminals at Haldia, BISN (Kolkata), Pakur, Farrakka and Patna. This National Waterways has also floating terminals facilities at Haldia, Kolkata, Diamond Harbour, Katwa, Tribeni, Baharampur, Jangipur, Bhagalpur, Semaria, Doriganj, Ballia, Ghazipur, Varanasi, Chunar and Allahabad.
Air transport.
Patna airport is connected to Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Lucknow, and Ranchi. It is categorized as a restricted international airport, with customs facilities to receive international chartered flights. Gaya Airport, airport is a small international airport connected to Colombo, Singapore, Bangkok and more.
Air Deccan (Delhi, Kolkata), Jetlite (Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Ranchi), Indian (Delhi, Ranchi) and Jet Airways (Delhi) are the main which are operating from Patna airport. In 2009, Patna airport registered a 42.8 per cent growth on aircraft movement, the highest in the country, handling 7,456 flights compared to 5,220 in 2008-09. Weekly Shared Chartered Plane Service between Patna and Kolkata via Purnea is also available at affordable rates.

</doc>
<doc id="20046954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046954" title="James Deshler">
James Deshler

James Deshler (February 18, 1833 – September 20, 1863) was a career United States Army officer and a graduate of West Point. He was a Confederate brigadier general during the American Civil War and died on the field of battle.
Early life and career.
James Deshler was born in February 18, 1833 in Tuscumbia, Alabama to David Deshler 1798-1872) and Eleanor Taylor (1808-1854). Deshler went to West Point and graduated in 1854. He graduated ranking above James Ewell Brown Stuart, William Dorsey Pender and Stephen Dill Lee. After graduating, James was commissioned as a second lieutenant United States Army. His first military experience was when he was assigned to California after graduation. He was then transferred and promoted to first lieutenant United States Army in 1858 and joined a regiment to fight in the Utah War expedition. After the expedition Deshler was assigned to Fort Wise, where he remained until 1861. In 1861 Deshler resigned his post and joined the Confederate States Army.
Civil War service.
After his resignation from the army, Deshler enlisted as a captain in the artillery. In September 1861 he was an assistant to Brig. Gen. Henry R. Jackson during the Battle of Cheat Mountain. Deshler was wounded at the Battle of Allegheny Mountain when he was shot through the thighs. After his recovery from his wounds he was promoted to colonel and assigned to the staff of Maj. Gen. Theophilus H. Holmes. In 1862 he was given his first command, which consisted of four regiments of Texas infantry and cavalry, the Tenth Texas Infantry regiment, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Texas Dismounted Cavalry regiments. On January 11, 1863, Deshler was captured when the Confederates surrendered at the Battle of Fort Hindman. After being exchanged he was promoted to brigadier general on July 28, 1863.
Death and burial.
On the second day of the Battle of Chickamauga on September 20, 1863, while inspecting his brigade before an attack, Deshler was killed instantly by a Union artillery shell when it exploded in front of him, tearing his heart from his body. Command of his brigade was taken over by the future Senator Roger Mills, and the Confederacy won the battle. After the fighting ended, a family friend buried Deshler's body on the battlefield. Later the friend brought Deshler's father to the gravesite. They disinterred Deshler and subsequently reburied him in Oakwood Cemetery in his hometown of Tuscumbia, Alabama.
Mills remarked after Deshler's death:I may pause here and pay a passing tribute to the memory of our fallen chief. He was brave, generous and kind, even to a fault. Ever watchful and careful for the safety of any member of his command, he was ever ready to peril his own...He poured out his own blood upon the spot watered by the best blood of the brigade. Amongst the host of brave hearts that were offered the altar of sacrifice for their country on that beautiful Sabath, there perished not one, noble, braver, or better than his. He lived beloved, and fell lamented and mourned by every officer and man of his command.
Memorials.
Deshler's father founded the Deshler Female Institute in memory of his son. To further honor General Deshler, Tuscumbia's Deshler High School was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20046959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046959" title="Namiquipa">
Namiquipa

Namiquipa is a town in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. 
It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Namiquipa. 
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 20,314, of whom 1,718 lived in the municipal seat. 
The origin of the settlement is an indigenous village called Namiquipa, where Franciscan missionaries established a mission in 1763 called San Pedro de Alcántara de Namiquipa. Namiquipa was given town "(villa)" status in 1778. 

</doc>
<doc id="20046964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046964" title="Lindsay Roy">
Lindsay Roy

Lindsay Allan Roy, CBE, FRSA (born 19 January 1949) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glenrothes since 2008, and is the former Rector of Inverkeithing High School and Kirkcaldy High School.
Teaching career.
Roy was educated at the University of Edinburgh where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in 1970. He then trained as a teacher and became principal teacher of Modern Studies at Queen Anne High School Dunfermline in 1974. He was promoted to be Assistant Rector of Kirkcaldy High School in 1983, but left after three years to be Depute Rector of Glenwood High School in Glenrothes.
Starting in 1990, Roy became Rector of Inverkeithing High School. His work there was rewarded with the CBE in 2004. He served also as an Associate Assessor for HM Inspectorate of Education from 1996, and was appointed Chairman of the Curriculum and Student Affairs Committee of Carnegie College in 1997. Becoming active in The Headmaster's Association of Scotland, he was appointed as its President for the year 2004–05.
He became Rector of Kirkcaldy High School in 2008, the High School that Prime Minister Gordon Brown had attented as a boy.
Entering Parliament.
By-election victory.
Roy was chosen by the local Labour Party to fight the Parliamentary constituency of Glenrothes, following the death of local MP John MacDougall.
Following the victory at a by-election of the Scottish National Party in the parliamentary constituency of Glasgow East earlier that year, despite Fife not having a history of such spectacular landslide swings to the SNP in the past as in the West of Scotland, it had been expected that Labour would lose the by-election, however the Labour Party held the seat increasing their total vote slightly, although on a reduced majority.
Lindsay Roy is currently a member of the Scottish Affairs Select Committee.
General election 2010.
In the 2010 election he polled 25,247 votes, 62.3% of the votes cast, an increase of 10.4%, easily securing re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20046983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20046983" title="Boston Bears">
Boston Bears

Boston Bears and Boston Bears (football) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20047043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047043" title="Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The women's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which was established in 1912. The competition was held on Saturday August 6, 1932 and on Monday August 8, 1932.
Twenty swimmers from ten nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In the second heat Joyce Cooper bettered the Olympic record with 1:09.0 minutes, in the third heat Helene Madison bettered the Olympic record with 1:08.9 minutes, in the fourth heat Eleanor Saville bettered the Olympic record with 1:08.5 minutes, in the first semi-finals Willy den Ouden bettered the Olympic record with 1:07.6 minutes. Finally Helene Madison set the new Olympic record in the final with 1:06.8 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Saturday August 6, 1932: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals.
Sunday August 7, 1932: The fastest three in each semi-final advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Monday August 8, 1932:

</doc>
<doc id="20047059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047059" title="Monroe High School (Tehachapi)">
Monroe High School (Tehachapi)

"For schools with a similar name, see Monroe High School."
Monroe High School is the main continuation high school that is located just outside of Tehachapi, California. Monroe has one principal, a secretary and office clerk, a counselor and six full-time teachers. The school is also the site of the Monroe Independent Study Center (formerly Summit Independent Study Center), and Tehachapi Adult School. Monroe is part of the Tehachapi Unified School District. After the 2010-2011 school year, the district plans on moving Monroe High School to the former junior high school building.
About.
Monroe High School is for teens who are having educational and behavior problems and cannot be in regular school. The school offers: 

</doc>
<doc id="20047065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047065" title="Kalman decomposition">
Kalman decomposition

In control theory, a Kalman decomposition provides a mathematical means to convert a representation of any linear time-invariant control system to a form in which the system can be decomposed into a standard form which makes clear the observable and controllable components of the system. This decomposition results in the system being presented with a more illuminating structure, making it easier to draw conclusions on the system's reachable and observable subspaces.
Notation.
The derivation is identical for both discrete-time as well as continuous time LTI systems. The description of a continuous time linear system is
where 
Similarly, a discrete-time linear control system can be described as
with similar meanings for the variables. Thus, the system can be described using the tuple consisting of four matrices formula_12. 
Let the order of the system be formula_13.
Then, the Kalman decomposition is defined as a transformation of the tuple formula_12 to formula_15 as follows:
formula_20 is an formula_21 invertible matrix defined as
where
By construction, the matrix formula_20 is invertible. It can be observed that some of these matrices may have dimension zero. For example, if the system is both observable and controllable, then formula_31, making the other matrices zero dimension.
Standard Form.
By using results from controllability and observability, it can be shown that the transformed system formula_15 has matrices in the following form:
This leads to the conclusion that

</doc>
<doc id="20047074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047074" title="Cowthorpe">
Cowthorpe

Cowthorpe is a village in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England. It is situated north of Wetherby, from Knaresborough and from York. 
St Michael's Church.
St Michael's Church in the village is a Grade I listed building, built by a Brian Roucliffe, and consecrated in 1458. In the choir, on a large flat stone, are the effigies, in brass, of a man and his wife, bearing betwixt them the model of a church, and supposed, from the inscription, likewise in brass, now scarce legible, to be in memory of the Founder and his wife.
The Cowthorpe Oak.
Cowthorpe is the home of an enormous tree, the Cowthorpe Oak. Its circumference is ; its principal limb (which is propped) extends from the bole. The tree is decaying fast; tradition speaks of its being in decay for many generations. "Compared with this," says Dr. Hunter, in Evelyn's Silva, "all other trees are children of the Forest." According to an early history of Knaresborough, "The leading branch fell, by a storm, in the year 1718; which, being measured with accuracy, was found to contain five tons and two feet of wood. Before this accidental mutilation, its branches are said to have extended their shade over half an acre of ground; thus constituting, in a single tree, almost a wood itself". Image of Cowthorpe Oak
Langdale's "Topographical Dictionary of Yorkshire" (1822) records that "This oak in Yorkshire, attracted many visitors on account of its age, it girth and its history ... the circumference of which, close by the ground, is , and its principal limb (which is propped) extends from the bole. This venerable oak is decaying fast, the trunk and several of the branches appearing to be completely rotten, except the bark; tradition speaks of its being in decay for many generations. The intermixture of foliage amongst the dead branches, show how sternly this giant struggles for life, and how reluctantly it surrenders to all conquering time.

</doc>
<doc id="20047082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047082" title="Science and Technology Policy Research">
Science and Technology Policy Research

Science and Technology Policy Research (SPRU) is an academic centre at the University of Sussex, Brighton, UK. Founded in 1966, SPRU specialises in science, technology and innovation studies for policy and management. It was called the Science Policy Research Unit, but the name has been changed to reflect expansion of research interests. It is the largest institution for science, technology and innovation (STI) studies in the world. In 2012, SPRU ranked 6th in the list of top thirty science and technology think tanks, which was put together by the University of Pennsylvania. 
SPRU's research focuses on gaining an understanding of and developing approaches to the governance of science, technology and innovation that influence academia, policy-making, and management. Researchers' electronic working papers, books and journals demonstrate the interdisciplinary approach historically related to SPRU.
Publications are kept in the "Keith Pavitt Library", along with 40,000 other materials on science, technology and innovation studies. SPRU is located in the "Freeman Centre", an open architecture building.
According to Research Fortnight, "SPRU alumni have gone on to set up policy research centres and think tanks all over the world and many work in senior positions in governments".
Teaching.
SPRU offers postgraduate degrees (MSc, MPhil, DPhil) in Technology and Innovation Management, Public Policies for Science and Technology and Innovation, and Science and Technology for Sustainability.
Scholars at SPRU are international and multidisciplinary. They have backgrounds from economics, political science, business and management, history, philosophy as well as natural science and engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="20047093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047093" title="Streptomyces roseosporus">
Streptomyces roseosporus

Streptomyces roseosporus is a species of actinobacteria. It produces the novel antibiotic daptomycin (US trade name: Cubicin).

</doc>
<doc id="20047105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047105" title="Dudovica">
Dudovica

Dudovica () is a village in Lazarevac municipality in the Belgrade District of Serbia. It was seat of a municipality abolished in the 1960s and added to the municipality of Lazarevac. 
Demographics.
1948. 854 
1953. 922 
1961. 923 
1971. 895 
1981. 818 
1991. 840/828 
2002. 789/777 
People from Dudovica killed in the Jasenovac Camp.
19 people from Dudovica were killed in the Jasenovac Camp in the World War II. All were ethnic Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="20047140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047140" title="DPEP2">
DPEP2

Dipeptidase 2 (DPEP2) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "DPEP2" gene.
DPEP2 belongs to the membrane-bound dipeptidase (EC 3.4.13.19) family. These enzymes hydrolyze a variety of dipeptides, including leukotriene D4, the beta-lactam ring of some antibiotics, and cystinyl-bis-glycine (cys-bis-gly) formed during glutathione degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="20047144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047144" title="Geomyces">
Geomyces

Geomyces is a genus of filamentous fungus in the family Myxotrichaceae. Members of the genus are widespread in distribution, especially in northern temperate regions. Known to be psychrotolerant and associated with Arctic permafrost soils, they are equally prevalent in the air of domestic dwellings, and children's sandpits. Species of "Geomyces" have previously been placed in the genus "Chrysosporium".
Description.
This genus is characterized by short but distinct branched conidiophores that have chains of spores formed directly from the cells of the branches. Sometimes only the tips of the branches become spores. The spores (conidia) are 1-celled, and either white or yellow. The teleomorph of species in this genus, if they exist, are in "Pseudogymnoascus" or Gymnostellatospora.
"Geomyces" species are known to form ericoid mycorrhizae with the roots of alpine Ericales and other perennial hosts, helping these plants adapt to low-nutrient environments.
The "Geomyces" are keratinophilic fungi, able to degrade hairs and nails. They have been investigated for possible use in the biodecomposition of waste poultry feathers.
Adaptive capabilities.
Research has shown that laboratory cultures of "G. pannorum" isolated from various environments may have extreme differences in morphology and physiology. In fact, the limits of cold adaptation in a particular isolate can vary depending on the source of isolation, even though the isolates are genetically identical.
Studies suggest that one biochemical mechanism of low-temperature tolerance is achieved by altering the composition and total content of fatty-acids in their membrane, a phenomenon called homeoviscous adaptation.
White-nose syndrome.
A 2008 study of white-nose syndrome, a fungal infection causing high mortality rates in bats, determined that the fungus found on the muzzles, wings, and ears of infected bats is a member of the "Geomyces" genus. Later, the conidial morphology of this isolate was shown to be morphologically distinct from the conidia of other characterized members of the genus, despite the phylogenetic similarity. Finally, in spring 2009 the source of the infection was identified as a new species, "Geomyces destructans". It is not yet certain if the fungus is a causative agent in the bat deaths, or merely an opportunistic pathogen. It is known however that "Geomyces" species are found in caves and bat hibernacula, and have been isolated from the cave cricket "Troglophilus neglectus".
Biocorrosion.
Using phylogenetic analyses of ribosomal DNA sequences, "Geomyces" species have been implicated in the biodeterioration of antique and optical glass. Feeding off organic residues ubiquitously present on historical glass, such as dust or dead fungal and bacterial material, fungal colonization by "Geomyces" may ultimately lead to etching, pit corrosion, or the formation of cracks or patinas due to secretion of acidic metabolic byproducts, or penetration of fungal mycelia into the paint layer.
Bioactive compounds.
A number of asterric acid derivatives, some with antibacterial or antifungal activity, have been isolated from an unidentified "Geomyces" isolate found in a soil sample from King George Island, Antarctica: ethyl asterrate, "n"-butyl asterrate, and geomycins A-C.

</doc>
<doc id="20047147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047147" title="DPEP3">
DPEP3

Dipeptidase 3 (DPEP3) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "DPEP3" gene.
This gene encodes a membrane-bound glycoprotein from the family of dipeptidases (EC 3.4.13.19) involved in hydrolytic metabolism of various dipeptides, including penem and carbapenem beta-lactam antibiotics. This gene is located on chromosome 16 in a cluster with another member of this family, DPEP2. Alternatively spliced transcript variants that encode different isoforms have been found for this gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20047214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047214" title="Esse stoves">
Esse stoves

Esse is a United Kingdom brand of heating appliances, notable for having been, in the early 19th century, the first to bring the North American type of enclosed heating stoves to Europe.
History.
In the 1830s, as a teenager James Smith left Scotland for the United States and established a business selling the new American type of enclosed cooking ranges and stoves in Jackson, Mississippi. Realizing these innovative products offered significant advantages in efficiency and cleanliness over the open fires commonly used in Europe, he returned to his native land, and arranged for the manufacture of his own versions, initially at the Bonnybridge foundry of George Ure. In 1854 Ure, Smith and a third partner, Stephen Wellstood formed a new company named in honour of the land discovered by Columbus; 'The Columbian Stove Works'.
The 'Esse' brand name was chosen simply because it was thought to sound French, and being derived from the Latin, to be thoroughly European.
The business prospered throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries so that the company were able to claim that every single Royal household in Europe owned an Esse, and included Auguste Escoffier, Mrs Beeton, Florence Nightingale and Captain Scott among their famous clients.
Today Esse Range Cookers, Cook Stoves and Stoves are made in Barnoldswick, Lancashire, England.
Bibliography.
"The History of Smith & Wellstood", by Alastair Borthwick, ASIN: B0007K0DUK

</doc>
<doc id="20047239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047239" title="National Radiologic Technology Week">
National Radiologic Technology Week

National Radiologic Technology Week® (NRTW®) is an annual event established by the American Society of Radiologic Technologists to celebrate the important role medical imaging and radiation therapy professionals play in patient care and health care safety. The weeklong celebration highlights the radiologic technology profession and raises public awareness about radiologic technologists.
The first National Radiologic Technology Week® was held July 22-29, 1979. The annual celebration was later changed to November to commemorate the anniversary of the x-ray’s discovery by Wilhelm Roentgen on Nov. 8, 1895.
References.
“Celebrate National Radiologic Technology Week®” asrt.org, 2013.
http://www.asrt.org/events-and-conferences/national-radiologic-technology-week/ways-to-celebrate-nrtw 
“National Radiologic Technology Week®” asrt.org, 2013.
http://www.asrt.org/events-and-conferences/national-radiologic-technology-week

</doc>
<doc id="20047261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047261" title="Spartan Health Sciences University">
Spartan Health Sciences University

Spartan Health Sciences University is a private, for-profit medical school located in Vieux Fort, St. Lucia, in the Caribbean. Spartan confers upon its graduates the Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree.
History.
Spartan was established in Saint Lucia on January 7, 1980 as St. Lucia Health Sciences University. The first campus was located in Castries, the capital city. In November 1983, the school was renamed Spartan Health Sciences University and relocated to Vieux Fort.
Curriculum.
The MD program at Spartan is a 10 semester course of study that consists of three semesters per calendar year. Semesters 1-5 are completed at the Saint Lucia campus; semesters 6-10 consist of 80 weeks of clinical study that are completed at teaching hospitals approved by the university.
Accreditation.
Spartan Health Sciences University is chartered and licensed in Saint Lucia. The university is listed in the FAIMER International Medical Education Directory (IMED) and in the Avicenna Directory for medicine In 2013, Spartan was accredited by the Caribbean Accreditation Authority for Education in Medicine and other Health Professions.
Licensure restrictions.
In the United States, the medical boards of the following states have listed Spartan as an institution whose graduates are ineligible for licensure:
In the United Kingdom, the General Medical Council has listed Spartan as an institution whose graduates (who started their course of study on or before December 31, 2008) are ineligible for licensure.

</doc>
<doc id="20047270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047270" title="Philip of Spain">
Philip of Spain

Philip of Spain is the name of several Spanish monarchs:

</doc>
<doc id="20047280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047280" title="Luis Checa">
Luis Checa

Luis Armando Checa (born December 21, 1983) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Barcelona of the Ecuador Serie A.
Club career.
Luis started out at Deportivo Quito where he had a first good season. He had 27 appearances to start out with and attracted last season's champions El Nacional.
In 2007, Luis was awarded a move to Nacional by his impressive defending performances. However, he only had two appearances and former Nacional coach, Ever Hugo Almeida, was not interested in keeping him with the Quito giants. He finished the year playing on loan for Aucas. In 2008 he went back to Deportivo Quito and is still there currently. On December 2008, he helped Deportivo Quito win their third title in history.
Copa Sudamericana 2008.
Luis helped Dep. Quito qualify for the Copa Sudamericana 2008. He made four appearances and was an important player for Sevilla's team. His team went on to eliminate Universitario de Deportes of Peru in a 2-1 aggregate win. Deportivo Quito then had to play Mexico's San Luis. Unfortuneatly, Deportivo Quito was eliminated from the tournament in a 5-4 aggregate loss. He scored one of the goals for Deportivo Quito.
International career.
Luis has been called up to a friendly against Mexico on November 12, 2008. He is expected to be in the starting line-up for Ecuador. He was recently called up to play a quadrangular friendly tournament in Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="20047281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047281" title="Bill Morley (baseball)">
Bill Morley (baseball)

William M. Morley (born "William Morley Jennings") was a Major League Baseball second baseman. He played in two games for the Washington Senators in , going 0-for-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20047323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047323" title="U-5-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)">
U-5-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)

The "U-5" class was a class of three submarines or U-boats that were operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () before and during World War I. The class was a part of the Austro-Hungarian Navy's efforts to competitively evaluate three foreign submarine designs.
The design of the boats was based upon John Philip Holland's submarine design and featured a single, teardrop hull, which resembled the design of modern nuclear submarines. The class members were just over long and displaced surfaced and submerged. All were originally equipped with two bow torpedo tubes and could carry four torpedoes. The first two boats, "U-5" and "U-6", built specifically for the Austro-Hungarian Navy, to the same design as the United States C class submarine were partially constructed in the United States and completed at Whitehead & Co. at Fiume. The third was completely constructed by Whitehead's at Fiume and purchased by Austria-Hungary to bolster their U-boat fleet after the outbreak of World War I.
All three boats had successes during World War I; between them they sank five ships with a combined tonnage of 22,391. In addition they captured seven ships as prizes and damaged , a French dreadnought of 22,189 tons displacement. All three boats were sunk during the war, though "U-5", the lead boat of the class, was raised and recommissioned after her sinking. After the war's end, "U-5", the only survivor of the class, was ceded to Italy as a war reparation and was broken up in 1920.
Design and construction.
In 1904, after allowing the navies of other countries to pioneer submarine developments, the Austro-Hungarian Navy ordered the Austrian Naval Technical Committee (MTK) to produce a submarine design. The January 1905 design developed by the MTK and other designs submitted by the public as part of a design competition were all rejected by the Navy as impracticable. They instead opted to order two submarines each of designs by Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland for a competitive evaluation. The two Holland submarines comprised the "U-5" class. The Navy authorized two boats, "U-5" and "U-6", from Whitehead & Co. of Fiume in 1906.
The "U-5" class was built to the same design as the C class for the US Navy and was built by Robert Whitehead's firm of Whitehead & Co. under license from Holland and his company, Electric Boat. Components for the first two Austrian boats were manufactured by the Electric Boat Company and assembled at Fiume, while the third boat was a speculative private venture by Whitehead that failed to find a buyer and was purchased by Austria-Hungary upon the outbreak of World War I.
The "U-5" class boats had a single-hulled design with a teardrop-shape that bore a strong resemblance to modern nuclear submarines. The boats were just over long and displaced surfaced, and submerged. The torpedo tubes featured unique, cloverleaf-shaped design hatches that rotated on a central axis. The ships were powered by twin 6-cylinder gasoline engines while surfaced, but suffered from inadequate ventilation which resulted in frequent intoxication of the crew. While submerged, they were propelled by twin electric motors.
The first two boats, "U-5" and "U-6", were ordered by the Austro-Hungarian Navy for evaluation and were partially assembled in the United States, shipped to Fiume, and riveted together by Whitehead & Co., which, author Edwin Sieche reports, "caused a lot of trouble". "U-5" was launched in February 1909 and was followed in June by the launch of "U-6". Both boats were commissioned by April 1910.
The third boat, originally named "SS-3", was built on speculation entirely at Whitehead's in Fiume. The boat's design featured improvements in the electrical and mechanical systems. Gibson and Prendergast report that, when built, "SS-3" was powered by electric motors for both surface and submerged running. When the surface performance of the electric motors proved disappointing in trials, "SS-3"s power-plant was rebuilt to match the gasoline/electric combination used in "U-5" and "U-6". "SS-3" was launched in March 1911 and was offered to the Austro-Hungarian Navy, but because the evaluation of the first two "U-5"-class boats was still underway, they declined to purchase.
As built, the "U-5"-class boats were armed with two bow torpedo tubes and could carry a supply of four torpedoes. By 1915, all had received a 3.7 cm/23 (1.5 in) deck gun.
Service career.
"U-5" and "U-6" were both commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy by April 1910, and served as training boats through 1914, making as many as ten training cruises per month. During their early years, each boat was demonstrated to a foreign naval delegation; "U-5" to a Peruvian detachment in 1911, "U-6" to a Norwegian group in 1910. At the beginning of World War I in August 1914, "U-5" and "U-6" comprised half of the operational U-boat fleet of the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
In the three years after "SS-3"s March 1911 launch, Whitehead's attempted to sell the boat to the navies of Peru, Portugal, the Netherlands, Brazil, and Bulgaria, before the Austro-Hungarian Navy rejected an offer for the second time. With the outbreak of war, however, the Austro-Hungarian Navy purchased the unsold submarine to quickly bolster its fleet. Although provisionally commissioned as "U-7", she was commissioned as "U-12" in August 1914.
By late December 1914, all three of the "U-5"-class boats were based at the naval base at Cattaro and all took part in combat patrols. Between the three boats, they sank five ships with a combined tonnage of 22,391, captured seven ships, and damaged one dreadnought. "U-6" was the least successful, sinking a single ship of ; "U-5" was the most successful, sinking four ships with of a combined , including the French armoured cruiser "Léon Gambetta". "U-12" damaged, but did not sink, the largest ship torpedoed by any of the "U-5" class when she hit the French battleship on 21 December 1914.
Of the three boats of the class, only "U-5" survived the war intact. "U-12" was sunk with the loss of all hands when she hit a mine near Venice in August 1915, while "U-6" was scuttled by her crew in May 1916 after becoming trapped in an anti-submarine net that was a part of the Otranto Barrage. "U-5" herself sank after hitting an Austro-Hungarian mine during a training exercise, but was raised, repaired and recommissioned before the war's end. "U-5" was ceded to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped in 1920.
Class members.
SM "U-5".
SM "U-5" was laid down in April 1907 and launched in February 1909. She was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in April 1910, and served as a training boat—sometimes making as many as ten cruises a month—through the beginning of the First World War in 1914. The submarine scored most of her wartime successes during the first year of the war while under the command of Georg Ritter von Trapp. The French armoured cruiser "Léon Gambetta", sunk in April 1915, was the largest ship sunk by "U-5". In May 1917, "U-5" hit a mine and sank with the loss of six men. She was raised, rebuilt, and recommissioned, but sank no more ships. At the end of the war, "U-5" was ceded to Italy as a war reparation, and scrapped in 1920. In all, "U-5" sank four ships totaling 21,604 tons.
SM "U-6".
SM "U-6" was laid down in February 1908 and launched the following June. She served as a training boat after her July 1910 commissioning into the Austro-Hungarian Navy. She served in that capacity through the beginning of World War I in 1914, making as many as ten training cruises a month. "U-6" scored only one wartime success, sinking a French destroyer in March 1916. In May that same year, she became entangled in anti-submarine netting deployed as part of the Otranto Barrage. Coming under fire from drifters running the nets, "U-6" was abandoned and sunk. All of her crewmen were rescued and were held in captivity through the end of the war.
SM "U-12".
SM "U-12" was built on speculation by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume under the name "SS-3". She was laid down in 1909 and launched in March 1911 and featured improvements in the electrical and mechanical systems from the Holland design of her older sister boats, "U-5" and "U-6". Whitehead's tried selling "SS-3" to several different navies, but she was finally bought by the Austro-Hungarian Navy after the outbreak of World War I, despite having been rejected twice before. She was commissioned as "U-12" in August 1914. She sank only one ship during the war, a Greek cargo ship in May 1915, but had earlier captured six Montenegrin sailing vessels as prizes in March. "U-12" also damaged, but did not sink, the French battleship in December 1914. While searching for targets in the vicinity of Venice in August 1915, "U-12" struck a mine that blew her stern off, and sank with all hands, becoming the first Austro-Hungarian submarine sunk in the war. Her wreck was salvaged the next year by the Italians, who interred the bodies of "U-12"s crewmen in a Venetian cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20047326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047326" title="Water supply and sanitation in England and Wales">
Water supply and sanitation in England and Wales

Public water supply and sanitation in England and Wales has been characterised by universal access and generally good service quality. Salient features of the sector in the United Kingdom compared to other developed countries is the full privatization of service provision and the pioneering of independent economic regulation in the sector in Europe. There has been a substantial increase in real tariffs between 1989 and 2005, whilst independent assessments place the cost of water provision in the UK as higher than most other major countries in the EU. The government body responsible for water regulation, together with the water companies, have claimed improvements in service quality during the same period.
Water resources and uses.
On average, only about 10 per cent of freshwater resources in England and Wales are abstracted. Water companies abstract almost half of this amount. The remainder is used for cooling power plants, other industries, fish farming and other uses. Water companies use mainly surface water (two thirds), but also groundwater (one third).
The amount of water available in England and Wales to meet the needs of people and to sustain the water environment varies greatly between different places and seasons, and from one year to another. Parts of Wales and the English Lake District are well endowed with water, while water is scarce in parts of Eastern and Southeastern England. Parts of England were affected by severe drought in 1976, 1995 and 2005-2007.
Household water use in England and Wales stood at about 145 litres/capita/day in 2008/09. Total water supply for domestic and commercial customers in England and Wales was 14.5 billion cubic metres per day in 2009.
Quality of service.
The quality of water and sanitation services in England and Wales is regularly and comprehensively monitored by the economic regulator, OFWAT. OFWAT statistics show that service quality has improved since the early 1990s, i.e. shortly after services were privatised. For example, the number of unplanned interruptions, properties at risk of low pressure, the share of complaints that were not answered within five days and combined sewer overflows have all declined, while sewage treatment works compliance has increased and river water quality has improved. A comparison with service quality in other areas of the European Union is difficult, since in few other countries such comprehensive water and sanitation service quality data are being published as it is being done by OFWAT.
Drinking water quality is also universally high, although isolated incidents where quality falls have occurred. For example, in June 2008 about 250,000 people in Northamptonshire were being told to boil tap water for drinking after routine tests by Anglian Water found cryptosporidium
Infrastructure.
Physical assets of private water and sanitation companies in England and Wales include 1,000 reservoirs, over 2,500 water treatment works and 9,000 sewage treatment works. More than 700,000 kilometres of mains and sewers are buried beneath the ground – that’s enough to stretch to the moon and back, or a distance 200 times greater than the UK’s entire motorway network.
Responsibility for water supply and sanitation.
Policy and regulation.
Within the government the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has the responsibility for policy in the water and sanitation sector. The economic regulator of water companies in England and Wales is the Water Services Regulation Authority, OFWAT. The Environment Agency is responsible for environmental regulation, and the Drinking Water Inspectorate for regulating drinking water quality. Drinking water standards and wastewater discharge standards in the U.K., as in other countries of the European Union, are determined by the EU (see EU water policy).
Service provision.
In England and Wales water and sewerage services are provided by 10 private regional water and sewerage companies and 16 mostly smaller private "water only" companies.
History and recent developments.
Local government service provision (before 1973).
Before 1973 water and sanitation services were provided by water undertakings and sewerage and sewage disposal authorities respectively. Until the 1950s there existed over a thousand water undertakings, with administrative boundaries similar to those of local government boundaries. By the early 1970s their number had been reduced to 198 by a gradual consolidation process aimed at achieving economies of scale. Out of the 198 water undertakings 64 were run by individual local government authorities, 101 by joint boards comprising several local government authorities, and 33 were statutory privately owned water companies, some of which date back to the Victorian era. At the same time there were over 1,300 sewerage and sewage disposal authorities, most of them run by individual local government authorities. The sector thus was highly fragmented.
Water resources management was entrusted to 29 river authorities created in 1965. Their responsibilities included water conservation, land drainage, fisheries, control of river pollution and, in some cases, navigation.
Public regional companies (1973-1989).
Through the Water Act 1973 the government established 10 Regional Water Authorities in order to achieve even greater economies of scale, especially in sanitation, compared to the prior gradual consolidation of water undertakings. The reform was also aimed at putting in practice the principle of integrated river basin management, especially concerning the planning of investments in wastewater treatment. Given the small size of many river basins in England and Wales, in practice the area covered by each of the Regional Water Authorities typically contained more than one river basin.
Interestingly, the Regional Water Authorities were not only in charge of water supply and sanitation, but also of water resources management, thus opening the possibility of conflicts of interests since the same institution was in charge of abstracting water and discharging wastewater on the one hand, and controlling these same abstractions and discharges on the other hand. The Water Act left open the possibility to contract out water supply and sanitation services to local authorities. However, in practice this did not happen, and substantial assets were transferred from local governments to the new water authorities. Since the transfer was internal to the public sector, no compensation was paid to local authorities. Local authorities also initially held a majority of the Board seats of the new organizations. The private statutory water companies, which provided water to 25% of the population, escaped reorganisation and were left to operate as before.
With the election of Margaret Thatcher in 1979 the water and sanitation sector initially remained public, but the government attempted to make the enterprises operate more along commercial lines. As a result the number of employees in the sector declined from 61,000 in 1976 to 52,000 in 1985, real operating costs declined, tariffs were increased above the inflation rate and the share of self-financing of investments increased. However, government regulators also cut back on investments. While the industry became profitable, the rate of return on assets based on replacement cost values remained low at less than 2%. As part of the attempt to commercialize the service providers, the Water Act 1983 reduced the number of Board members of the water authorities. However, it also eliminated the local government representation on the Boards and made all Board members appointed by Ministers, thus further centralizing the sector.
Privatization (1989).
In 1989 the government privatized the ten public regional water authorities through divestiture (sale of assets). The authorities' functions related to water resources management were separated and retained by the public sector. At the same time the regulatory agency OFWAT was created, following the model of infrastructure regulatory agency set up in other sectors such as telecommunications and energy.
Water Industry Act 1999.
The Water Industry Act 1999 banned the disconnection of water and sewerage services for non-payment by domestic customers. It also allows the continuation of water charges based on rateable property value, as opposed to volumetric rates based on metering.
Financial aspects.
Tariffs.
Tariff level. Water and sanitation tariffs in England and Wales have increased by 44% in real terms between 1989 and 2008–09 and are among the highest in the world. The average household water and sewage bill in England and Wales was £330 in 2008-09. According to a 2006 survey by NUS Consulting Group the average water tariff (price) without sewerage in the U.K. for large consumers was the equivalent of US$ 1.90 per cubic metre. This was the third-highest tariff among the 14 mostly OECD countries covered by the report. A study commissioned by the German industry association BGW in 2006, compared the average household water and sanitation bill (as opposed to the tariff per cubic metre that the NUS study used as a comparator) in four EU countries. This study showed that water bills in England and Wales were the highest among the four countries. Average water bills (excluding sanitation) were 95 euro per year in England and Wales, higher than in Germany, France (85 euro) or Italy (59 euro).
Comparison of annual water and sanitation bills in four EU countries
Source: Metropolitan Consulting Group: VEWA - Vergleich europaeischer Wasser- und Abwasserpreise, 2006, p. 7 of the executive summary 
Taking into account differences in subsidies and service quality, the cost of supplying water at an equalized service level would be 84 euros in Germany, 106 euro in both France and England/Wales, and 74 euro in Italy. Concerning sanitation, unequalized tariffs are the highest in Germany at 111 euro per year, 93 euro in England and Wales, €90 in France and only €40 in Italy. Equalized costs net of subsidies are, however, highest in England and Wales with €138, followed by France (€122), Germany (119 euro) and Italy (85 euro).
Tariff structure and cross subsidies. Metered connections are charged at a volumetric rate, while unmetered connections are charged at a flat rate based on the rateable value of the property. The rateable value system was intended as a cross subsidy from wealthier to poorer households. However, since rateable values are often outdated, the subsidy is poorly targeted. Since more and more highly rated households opt for metering, flat rates for the remaining unmetered customers are being increased to compensate for the lost revenue. As a result, the already imperfect cross-subsidy system is unwinding. An Independent Report on Charging for Household Water and Sewerage Services published in 2009 by Anna Walker recommended a package of help to ensure that "the transition to metering is not to cause real problems of affordability to those on low incomes".
Tariff review procedures Water and sanitation tariffs are regulated by OFWAT, which sets caps for tariff changes over five-year periods. In the 2000-2005 review period OFWAT mandated an average annual reduction of tariffs of 1.6%. However, in the 2006-2010 review period it has allowed an average annual increase of 4.2%.
Affordability As a proportion of income, in England and Wales the cost of water and sewerage together works out at less than 1.5% of weekly earnings. More details on tariffs in England and Wales are provided in OFWAT's annual reports on water and sewerage charges 
Investment and Financing.
Average annual investments in water and sewerage in England and Wales were £3.3 billion in 2000-2005 and £3.6bn in 2005-2010, according to OFWAT, which corresponds to £61 per capita per year. According to the industry association Water UK, between 1980 and 2010 the water and wastewater industry in England and Wales will have invested over £88bn.
Investments are financed primarily through self-financing and borrowing in the capital market. In March 2006 overall borrowing stood at £23.5bn for England and Wales. Net returns on this borrowing in 2006 were 6.6%.
Efficiency (Water losses).
Efficiency of service provision has many dimensions, of which only one (water losses) is treated here.
According to OFWAT leakage in England and Wales has declined significantly from 228 litres/property/day in 1994-95 to 141 l/p/d in 2006-07, enough to supply the needs of 10 million people. According to the Environment Agency, many companies in the UK have reduced their water loss to the economic level of leakage. This is the level at which, in the long-term, the marginal cost of leakage control is equal to the marginal benefit of the water saved. The rate of reduction in leakage has slowed for many companies because the most obvious causes of leakage have been detected and addressed, leaving only less apparent leakage problems. Models have been developed and fine-tuned to assess the economic level of leakage. A summary of the debate on these models can be found in a recent report by OFWAT. 
According to a comparative study commissioned by the German water industry association BGW average water losses in the distribution network in England and Wales have been estimated at 19 percent. They are lower than in France (26 percent) or Italy (29 percent), but higher than in Germany, where they are apparently only 7 percent. The study states that its methodology allows for an accurate comparison, including water used to flush pipes and for firefighting. This is consistent with the International Water Association's definition of non-revenue water, which includes authorized non-metered consumption such as for flushing and firefighting.
OFWAT does not use percentage figures when it assesses leakage levels. Also it assesses only leakage and not broader losses. It is thus difficult to compare figures from the comparative study cited above with OFWAT figures for England and Wales.
Metering.
A particularity of water tariffs in England and Wales is the low share of metering. Most users are not billed on a volumetric basis and have no financial incentive for water conservation. Since the 1990s efforts have been made to increase the share of household metering, which reached 33% in 2008 for the UK. The Environment Agency would like to see 75% of households metered by 2025. Studies show that water meters lead to a 5-15% reduction in household water use. Meters are typically only installed at the request of customers.
In 2006 the Environment Agency announced it favours compulsory metering in water-scarce southern England. The measure is controversial. Consumer groups fear it will penalise poorer families with lots of children, and the disabled, who use more water. The announcement also represents a U-turn for Labour, which fiercely opposed compulsory water meters when in opposition, describing them as a 'tax on family life'. In March 2006 the company Folkestone & Dover Water Services was granted the power to install compulsory water meters in a landmark ministerial ruling under which it was given 'water scarcity status' by Environment Minister Elliot Morley. In a written ministerial statement, Mr Morley said: 'In many parts of the country, water is a precious resource which we can no longer simply take for granted.' The company says that Folkestone and Dover are in one of the driest areas in the UK. Many parts of the Middle East had more rain than this area, and it is getting even drier and warmer due to climate change.
Environmental criticisms.
In July 2011, the think tank Policy Exchange reported a significant decline in river quality due to abstraction carried out by water companies. The report calls for water companies to be charged more for using the most environmentally vulnerable rivers and aquifers in drier parts of the country, with cheaper rates where water is more abundant. It also called for higher water charges during droughts.
In 2009, an investigation conducted by the BBC's Panorama concluded that the operation of more than 20,000 Combined Sewer Overflow pipes (CSO) was leading to the routine spillage of untreated wastes around Britain's coastline, potentially leading to very dirty water around some of the most popular beaches in the UK. The CSOs, intended for use in very rare occasions, were not covered by the existing legislation for waste emissions.
Operational criticisms.
A 2001 study by the Public Services International Research Unit, which is affiliated with trade unions and opposes privatisation, stated that 

</doc>
<doc id="20047331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047331" title="Wishram village">
Wishram village

Wishram Village, referred to as nixlúidix by its residents, was a summer and winter village on the Columbia River occupied by Upper Chinook people. It is considered the largest prehistoric Chinook village site. The site is now part of Columbia Hills State Park.
History.
Located near Five Mile Rapids, the village was located at the far eastern reach of Chinookan lands. Archaeologists believe the site was occupied for about 10,000 years. The village was a common trading site for Indians in the surrounding areas, acting as a link between tribes from the Pacific Coast, and the Interior Northwest. The site was visited by nearby Yakamas, as well as those from as far away as the Nez Perce, who would come to trade fish, berries, skins, buffalo, amongst many other items.
The village was visited during the westward journey by Lewis and Clark, and again on their eastward return journey, though by the time of the second visit, the village was at a site about downstream from the site visited the previous fall. Lewis and Clark estimated that there were about 600 people living at the site during the first visit (October 1805), and around 1,000 during the second visit (April 1806). Clark noted in his journals that there were about 20 wooden houses at the site, near a man-made earthen mound called Wakemup (or Wakamup) Mound.
By the time of the July 1841 visit by the United States Exploring Expedition, United States Navy Lieutenant Charles Wilkes described the village as having forty lodges, and 400 inhabitants.
In 1854, the village was struck by an epidemic of smallpox, which killed 257 residents. Survivors of the epidemic blamed a "medicine-man" for failure to cure the disease, and killed him by putting him on a horse with a noose around his neck.
Around 1860, residents of Wishram began moving to the Yakama Indian Reservation, under treaties signed in 1855, but Indians continued to be allowed to use the site for fishing. Until 1957, the village located at the site was referred to as Spearfish, which was flooded by the creation of The Dalles Dam.
Wakemap Mound.
Wakemap Mound is a mound at the site that measures roughly long, by wide, and deep. The site is now surrounded by water caused by the construction of The Dalles Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="20047360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047360" title="Rhadamantus-Klänge">
Rhadamantus-Klänge

Rhadamantus-Klänge ("Echoes of Rhadamantus"), Op. 94, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. It was written for the 1851 Vienna Carnival. The title of the work was named after Rhadamanthus, one of the judges of the underworld in Greek mythology. Eduard Strauss, the composer's youngest brother, included the waltz's opening number in his potpourri "Bluthenkranz Johann Strauss'scher Walzer" ("Garland of Strauss Waltzes"), opus 292.

</doc>
<doc id="20047409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047409" title="Camera Notes">
Camera Notes

Camera Notes was a photographic journal published by the Camera Club of New York from 1897 to 1903. It was edited for most of that time by photographer Alfred Stieglitz and was considered the most significant American photography journal of its time. It is valuable today both as a record of photographic aesthetics of the time and for its many high-quality photogravures by photographers such as Stieglitz, F. Holland Day, Robert Demachy, Frances Benjamin Johnston, Gertrude Kasebier and Clarence H. White.
Background.
In September, 1894, Alfred Stieglitz returned to New York after an extended tour in Europe. He found both the quality and quantity of what he considered to be artistic photography, such as that promoted by the Linked Ring in Britain, was much greater in Europe than in the United States, and he was determined to do something to advance fine art photography in America. He turned to the two major photographic clubs in New York, the Society of Amateur Photographers and the New York Camera Club, for assistance in his mission but received little interest from either organization. The critic Sadakichi Hartmann noted that the clubs at that time were "as good as dead. There was no vitality in them. Photography was merely as pastime to them, and all they had to show were their innumerable portraits, transcripts of nature, views, and snapshots as is in the power of almost anyone to produce."
Stieglitz set about to change this situation, and within eighteen months he and his friends succeeded in bringing about a merger of the two clubs. He immediately took over as Vice President of the newly formed and rejuvenated organization, now called The Camera Club of New York. He envisioned the new organization as the American beacon of fine art photography, and to help promote his vision he proposed expanding the former newsletter of the club into a full-fledged journal with himself as editor. Later Stieglitz would write "As a condition precedent to undertaking this labor of love and enthusiasm, it was stipulated by our Editor that he would have unhampered and absolute control over all matters, direct or remote, relating to the conduct of the proposed publications; in short, Camera Notes, while published for the club, was nevertheless an independent institution."
History and context.
The first issue of "Camera Notes" premiered in July, 1897. Ironically, the first issue did not live up to Stieglitz’s vision, for it contained mostly articles on the business of the Camera Club and none on aesthetics or other photographers. The two photogravures in that issue, including a portrait by Stieglitz, were also unremarkable. Nonetheless, "Camera Notes" was immediately well-received, and in the second issue Stieglitz published a sampling of the praise that had come from other photographic magazines. Britain’s "Photogram", for example, said ""Camera Notes" is such a fine publication that we hesitate to use the adjectives necessary to describe it." With the second issue Stieglitz hit his editorial stride, with a full range of photographs and articles that included F. Holland Day writing on "Art and the Camera" and Lee Ferguson lamenting on "Our Lack of Exhibitions".
With "Camera Notes" Stieglitz established the pattern he would continue for the rest of his life of exerting complete editorial and aesthetic control over all aspects of the publication. Occasionally he would allow some articles to express ideas contrary to his, mostly for the sake of allowing him to rebut them, but in general his opinions dominated the visual and literary contributions to the magazine.
Stieglitz also instilled in "Camera Notes" his belief that photographers should be familiar with other arts, since he saw his primary mission as promoting photography as a fine art itself. He included articles on Impressionism, Symbolism, genre painting and portraiture, and commentaries on aesthetics from well-known art critics and artists like Sadakichi Hartmann and Arthur Wesley Dow.
At the same time, Stieglitz regularly took the opportunity to promote his own work, and while he was editor he published twenty-two of his own photos in the magazine, including two images twice.
For much of the first year, Stieglitz emphasized foreign photographers in the magazine as encouragement to his U.S. colleagues to develop a uniquely American school of photography. Within a short time, he was rewarded for his efforts by finding a new level of photographic aesthetics among his close colleagues. For the remainder of the publication's life, American photographers were dominated the highest quality reproductions included in "Camera Notes". Of the fifty photographers whose work was included either as photogravures or as tipped-in silver prints, thirty-five were Americans.
While Stieglitz sought independence from the Camera Club in his editorial work, very few of photographers whose work he reproduced came from outside the membership of the club. The most prominent of the non-Club members who were featured were F. Holland Day and Clarence H. White. Both figure prominently in Stieglitz’s concurrent efforts to promote pictorialism through his establishment of the Photo-Secession.
Eventually, Stieglitz’s autocratic direction of the journal came under fire from the membership of the Club. In spite of the record of reproducing work mostly by Club members, some members felt Stieglitz was spending too much time and effort promoting activities outside of the Club. He also faced criticism from more progressive members who felt that much of the work Stieglitz chose fell into the same tired aesthetics that he originally campaigned against. In late 1900 a special meeting of the Club was held to address these issues, and, while he appeared open to a democratic discussion of the journal, Stieglitz became upset that his leadership and aesthetic integrity were being questioned. He eventually became disillusioned with all of the in-fighting, and in early 1901 he announced that he would step down as editor after one more year.
In May, 1902, Juan C. Abel took over as editor. Abel, who was the Club’s librarian, had assisted Stieglitz with two issues of "Camera Notes" and had experience working on other photographic magazines. He sought to emphasize the change in editorial direction by redesigning the magazine, putting a new cover in place along with a more sophisticated layout. He also introduced the relatively bold concept of including at least one tipped-in, original photographs in each issue. In spite his editorial changes, however, Abel did not have the aesthetic sense of Stieglitz, and the overall quality of the images included in the magazine, including the original prints, was inferior when compared to the previous five years.
When Stieglitz began independently publishing his own journal "Camera Work" in 1903, interest in "Camera Notes" quickly flagged. The photographers and critics who were at the forefront of fine art photography at the time recognized that, for all his shortcomings, Stieglitz really was the driving force in the movement.
The last issue of "Camera Notes" appeared in December 1903. A column under this name and written by members of the Camera Club subsequently appeared in two other magazines, but it contained only news and notes about the club itself.
Design and production.
Each of the twenty-four issues of the magazine measured 10 ¼” by 7 ½” (26 cm by 19 cm). Volumes 1-4 displayed a green Art Nouveau cover with a design attributed to Thomas A. Sindelar, a student of Alphonse Mucha. Two other cover designs later appeared, in 1905 and 1906. There were numerous halftone reproduction of photos in each issue, but what made the journal stand out were the hand-pulled photogravures. At least two and as many as four meticulously printed photogravures were included in each issue. In addition there were commentaries, criticism and reviews by important photographers and critics of the time. In an average issue, about half of the articles dealt with individual photographers and aesthetic issues, and the rest covering technical matters and notices and reviews of international exhibitions. As Stieglitz biographer Katherine Hoffman points out, "Each issue of Camera Notes was an art object itself, with is finely printed photogravures, well-designed layout and range of articles and text."
Issues and contents.
"Camera Notes" was published quarterly from July, 1897 to December, 1902, and two more issues were published in 1903, for a total of twenty-four issues. The following is a complete list of the photogravures and halftones that appeared in the issues. For a detailed list of the published articles, see Peterson (1993).
Volume 1 Number 1, July 1897
Volume 1 Number 2, October 1897
Volume 1 Number 3, January 1898
Volume 1 Number 4, April 1898
Volume 2 Number 1, July 1898
Volume 2 Number 2, October 1898
Volume 2 Number 3, January 1899
Volume 2 Number 4, April 1899
Volume 3 Number 1, July 1899
Volume 3 Number 2, October 1899
Volume 3 Number 3, January 1900
Volume 3 Number 4, April 1900
Volume 4 Number 1, July 1900
Volume 4 Number 2, October 1900
Volume 4 Number 3, January 1901
Volume 4 Number 4, April 1901
Volume 5 Number 1, July 1901
Volume 5 Number 2, October 1901
Volume 5 Number 3, January 1902
Volume 5 Number 4, April 1902
Volume 6 Number 1, July 1902
Volume 6 Number 2, October 1902
Volume 6 Number 3, February 1903
Volume 6 Number 4, December 1903

</doc>
<doc id="20047416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047416" title="Starvation State Park">
Starvation State Park

Starvation State Park and Reservoir is a state park in northeastern Utah, USA, featuring a reservoir. The park is northwest of the town of Duchesne, Utah.
Facilities.
The Starvation State Park and Reservoir is open year-round, and is popular for fishing and boating. It lies at an elevation of . Established in 1972, the marina features a 54-unit RV campground along with primitive camping, boat ramp and dock, a sand beach, restrooms, showers, a group-use pavilion, sewage disposal, and fish cleaning stations. Primitive camping is allowed in designated areas around the perimeter of the reservoir for a fee.
History.
There are various narratives explaining the name "Starvation". One account describes a group of fur trappers stranded in harsh winter conditions who survived by stealing a local Native American cache of food, which resulted in their starvation. Another account tells the opposite story, with the Indians doing the stealing and the trappers starving. A third story involves a local rancher who attempted to graze livestock in the area, and they all starved. The most probable explanation for the name involves settlers in the early 1900s trying to survive along the banks of the Strawberry River, in the area now occupied by the reservoir. These settlers dealt with near-starvation in a hostile environment. Winters in the area are long and cold, and their livestock often died. The area's short growing season was hindered by floods, hail, early frost and other problems. These settlers nicknamed the area Starvation.
Starvation Dam.
The Starvation Dam is a , earthfill dam. The reservoir is fed by the Strawberry River in the Uinta Basin, and is part of the Central Utah Project - Bonneville Unit project. It was constructed in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20047420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047420" title="Gelder">
Gelder

Gelder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20047421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047421" title="Chris Smith (basketball, born 1939)">
Chris Smith (basketball, born 1939)

Chris Smith (born March 31, 1939) starred in basketball at Virginia Tech from 1958-61. He was nicknamed "Moose" at Charleston High School in West Virginia where he played as a 6-foot-6 center during an era of exceptional local talent in what was then known as the Kanawha Valley. Smith was later dubbed "the human pogo stick" by former Roanoke sportswriter Bill Brill. During the 1961 NBA Draft, Smith was the highest draft choice for any Virginia Tech basketball player ever when he was selected as the fourteenth overall choice by the NBA's Syracuse Nationals. In 1982, he was the only basketball player inducted as a charter member to Virginia Tech's Hall-of-Fame. 
Smith still holds the following Virginia Tech rebounding records: 
Rebounds per Game: 36;
Season Rebounds: 495;
Career Rebounds: 1508;
Season Average Rebounds per Game: 20.4;
Career Average Rebounds per Game: 17.1;
Smith is the State of Virginia's DIvision I NCAA leader in career average rebounds per game of all time. He is still ranked 26th nationally for career average rebounds per game (17.1) and 24th nationally for total career rebounds (1508) as listed all-time for Division I players by the Official 2008 NCAA Men's Basketball Records Book. His career average rebound record of 17.1 rebounds per game is the current record for the State of Virginia. 
In addition, Smith has the Southern Conference Tournament rebounding records of 28 rebounds for a single game and 71 rebounds for three games. These records were established in 1960 and have been the Southern Conference Tournament rebounding records for more than 50 years.
According to the 2009-2010 Virginia Tech Basketball Program, Smith "is regarded by many as the greatest basketball player in school history". In 2010, he was chosen to represent the Hokies at the annual 2010 Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament's Legends Class. 
Also in 2010, ESPN selected Chris Smith as the "Best Player" in the history of the Virginia Tech Basketball Program as documented by ESPN's recently published and printed ESPN College Basketball Encoclopedia. 
The 1959-60 Hokies were the first Tech team to win 20 games in a season. The 1959-1960 Virginia Tech Team won the Southern Conference Championship with a record of 12-1. While Smith played for Coach Chuck Noe, they won their last 26 straight home games at War Memorial Gymnasium. This winning home streak was extended to 41 straight wins in the newly built Cassell Coliseum after Smith graduated and is the current Virginia State record for consecutive home wins. 
In 1959, Chris Smith was a First Team All-Southern Conference Selection. In 1960, he was a unanimous 1960 First Team All-Southern Conference Selection along with Jerry West. In 1961, Smith was the captain of the All-Southern Conference team. In 1960, he was selected as a Converse Second Team All-American.
Sports Illustrated featured the Virginia Tech basketball team on December 26, 1960. That issue stated the following: Clearly the best performer on the floor was Tech's 6-foot-6 center Chris Smith, who scored 24 points and had 21 rebounds. The next night he led Tech to an 81-54 victory over Baylor and was chosen as the Classic's most valuable player. He is a square-jawed, crew-cut battler whose sheer strength and spring will surely bring him All-American honors this year. 
Frequent news articles still appear that document events during Smith's playing career such as Jennings Culley's July 22, 2001 article in the Richmond Times titled "Tech Basketball Recruits said 'Noe' to West Virginia"; Jack Bogaczyk's February 25, 2009 article about the second college basketball game in the Charleston Civic Center between Marshall and Virginia Tech; and MSN Sports November 16, 2008 article about Chuck Noe's successful basketball recruiting in West Virginia for Virginia Tech during the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20047479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047479" title="Say You Will (song)">
Say You Will (song)

"Say You Will" is a song by British-American rock band Foreigner. It was the first single released from the album "Inside Information" (1987), and was co-written by Lou Gramm and Mick Jones (See 1987 in music). The single reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and became their fourth #1 hit on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, holding the top spot for four weeks, starting on December 19, 1987.
"Say You Will" was one of Foreigner's last two Top 10 chart hits in the United States, followed by the 1988 release of the single "I Don't Want to Live Without You" (which reached #5 on the Hot 100 chart). The song also became the band's third-highest charting hit in Germany, where it reached #22, faring even better in Switzerland, the Netherlands, and particularly Norway, where it reached #4. The video clip for this song, directed by David Fincher, peaked at #2 in MTV's Top Ten chart in December 1987.
Allmusic noted that the single was a "good example" of the band's "balancing act" as "the guitar-heavy style of their early work gave way to slick arrangements that pushed electronics to the fore...temper(ing) its rock guitar edge...and Lou Gramm's quasi-operatic vocals...by thick layers of chiming synthesizers and an array of electronic textures."

</doc>
<doc id="20047497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047497" title="Franciszek Siarczyński">
Franciszek Siarczyński

Franciszek Siarczyński (1758–1829) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest, member of the Piarist religious order, historian, geographer, teacher, writer and publicist. 
He was a lecturer of grammar, history and geography at the Collegium Nobilium in Warsaw, Poland from 1781 to 1785.
He was a regular guest at the Thursday Dinners held by the King of Poland, Stanisław August Poniatowski in the era of the Enlightenment in Poland. He was the author of three volumes of "‘Geografii, czyli opisania naturalnego, historycznego i politycznego krajów i narodów’" "(Geography, natural history, history and politics of the country and its citizens)". 
At the time of the Kościuszko Uprising in 1794, he wrote for the "Gazeta Wolna Warszawska" ("The Free Warsaw" newspaper).
He collected material for the "Słownika historyczno-statystyczno-geograficznego Galicji" ("The Encyclopædia of history, statistics and geography of Galicia"), which was published in parts from 1857 as a weekly supplement "‘Rozmaitościach’" in the Lwów Gazette: "Gazeta Lwowska".
After the transfer of the Ossoliński family's collection of books, from Vienna to Lwów, in 1827, he became the first director of the National Library of the Ossolineum, from 1827 to 1829.
His religious posts included being the Parish Priest in Jarosław, the Cathedral Canon in Warsaw and Przemyśl and the Prior in Kozieniec (1789) and Łańcut (1799).

</doc>
<doc id="20047499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047499" title="Brinsford">
Brinsford

Brinsford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20047558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047558" title="Paul Childress">
Paul Childress

Paul Childress.
Paul Childress is an American powerlifter. He holds the World Powerlifting Organization (WPO) world record in the 308 lb. weight class with a squat of 1147.5 lb. and has the third best total in the world with 2662.1 lb.
In 2004 at the GNC Show of Strength WPO Childress became the first man in the 308 lb. weight class to squat over 1100 lb.
and win the 308 and SHW weight class. 
Childress is the Head Strength Coach for the Buffalo Bulls. Prior to joining UB, Childress worked at Total Health and Fitness as director of facilities and fitness management. He also continues to be a consultant for elite fitness systems (a powerlifting and strength organization) and sells powerlifting gear.
Childress has a bachelor's degree in health and wellness from Buffalo State and a master's degree in physical education from Canisius
In 1978, he was watching on TV the WSM competition which later inspired him to become a powerlifter. In 1978, he received for Christmas a training kit consisting of weights and dumbbells and that was a pivotal moment in his life.

</doc>
<doc id="20047567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047567" title="Oswaldo Minda">
Oswaldo Minda

Tilson Oswaldo Minda (born July 26, 1983) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Chivas USA in Major League Soccer.
Club career.
Oswaldo first started out at Sociedad Deportiva Aucas. He remained at the club for five years before joining Deportivo Cuenca. He was part of Deportivo Cuenca's campaign for the Copa Libertadores 2006. His impressive performances attracted the likes of Club Sport Emelec.
After Deportivo Cuenca, Oswaldo became the new high profile signing for Emelec. He was part of Emelec's squad which participated in the 2007 Copa Libertadores. He did not get a starting position because of the many talented players on Emelec. As a result, he was sold to Deportivo Quito.
In Deportivo Quito, Oswaldo had a great first season. He played in the Copa Sudamericana 2008 where his team eventually fell to San Luis F.C.. While with Quito he had a guaranteed starting position playing in central midfield. Minda formed a great partnership with Edwin Tenorio to help Deportivo Quito win the Ecuadorian Serie A 2008. Minda also helped Deportivo Quito win the Ecuadorian Serie A in December 2011. Days later he signed with Chivas USA of Major League Soccer.
International career.
Minda made his international debut for Ecuador in 2008 and was most recently called up to play Iran and Oman in a friendly tournament.
Honors.
Deportivo Quito

</doc>
<doc id="20047574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047574" title="Benson Municipal Airport (Arizona)">
Benson Municipal Airport (Arizona)

Benson Municipal Airport, Arizona (E95) 
The airport is located about 3 miles NW of the city of Benson, Arizona, and 30 miles East or Tucson International Airport (TUS)
The airport was opened in November 1999.
Runways.
Runways: 10 & 28
Runway length: 4000 feet
Runway width: 75 feet
Frequencies.
UNICOM freq.: 122.8 
AWOS freq.: 118.475
Facilities and aircraft.
100LL & Jet-A Fuel
Attended 24 x 7
Courtesy Cars. (1 1955 Dodge Coronet)
Maintenance
Pilot Lounge with WiFi
Aircraft Rental
Flight Training
Full service FBO: SouthWestern Aviation, LLC
Pilot Supplies
Tie-downs and Hangars.

</doc>
<doc id="20047581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047581" title="Lava-Ströme">
Lava-Ströme

Lava-Ströme ("Streams of Lava"), opus 74, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. It was written to commemorate the volcanic activity within Vesuvius in 1850. The waltz was first performed at a benefit ball going under the title of a "Ball in Vesuvius" at the Sofienbad-Saal in Vienna on January 29, 1850.
"Lava-Ströme" was one of the more imaginative of Strauss' waltzes, having a dramatic 105-bar introduction symbolising the eruption of the volcano. The opening waltz melody was used in Eduard Strauss' musical potpourri "Bluthenkranz Johann Strauss'scher Walzer", opus 292. Johann Strauss himself reused the same melody as the main theme of his "Jubilee Waltzes", written twenty-two years later, in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="20047599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047599" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T36">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T36

The Women's 100m T36 had its Final held on September 16 at 18:03.

</doc>
<doc id="20047609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047609" title="Humphries Ministry">
Humphries Ministry

The Humphries Ministry was the seventh ministry of the Government of the Australian Capital Territory, and was led by Liberal Chief Minister Gary Humphries and his deputy, Brendan Smyth. It was sworn in on 19 October 2000, after the forced resignation of Humphries' predecessor Kate Carnell over the Bruce Stadium affair, and the elevation of Deputy Chief Minister Humphries and new deputy Smyth. 
Though Carnell resigned from parliament upon losing the Chief Minister position, she was initially sworn into an interim junior portfolio in the ministry of her successor, until a full ministry could be sworn in in December. The ministry operated until 13 November 2001, when the Labor First Stanhope Ministry was sworn in after the Liberal defeat in the 2001 election.
First arrangement.
This covers the period from 19 October 2000 (when the Ministry was sworn in) until the reshuffle on 15 December forced by the resignation from politics of Kate Carnell. Carnell had technically continued to hold a number of minor ministerial portfolios after her resignation as Chief Minister, despite her also resigning from parliament at the same time.
Second arrangement.
This covers the period from 15 December 2000, until the until 13 November 2001 and was brought about following the resignation from the Assembly from the earlier deposed former Chief Minister Carnell. Carnell was not replaced in the ministry, and Humphries decided to continue to the election with only four ministers after distributing Carnell's portfolios among the remaining members. The reporting of Moore in the list of ministers, in terms of hierarchy, shifted to the bottom of the ministerial list.

</doc>
<doc id="20047620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047620" title="2008 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino">
2008 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino

The 2008 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino was the second staging of the competition. The competition started on November 1, 2008, and was concluded on December 10, 2008. 32 clubs of all regions of Brazil participated of the cup, which is organized by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF). The champion was Santos.
Competition format.
The competition was contested by 32 clubs in a knock-out format where all rounds were played over two legs and the away goals rule was used, but in the first round if the away team won the first leg with an advantage of at least two goals, the second leg was not played and the club automatically qualified to the next round.
Participating teams.
The 2008 participating teams are the following clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="20047635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047635" title="Zhong Hu of Cai">
Zhong Hu of Cai

Cai Zhong Hu (Chinese: , lit. "Hu, Elder of Cai"), born Ji Hu (), was the only known son of Ji Du, the first lord of Cai.
Ji Du was removed from his office after participating in the Rebellion of the Three Guards against the regency of the Duke of Zhou. His son, however, became known as an honest and kind-hearted man, and was sent by the Duke of Zhou to Lu as an ambassador. Following this, King Cheng restored his father's fief to him and his son inherited it after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20047660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047660" title="Earl Huang of Cai">
Earl Huang of Cai

Huang, Earl of Cai (Chinese: , "Cài Bó Huāng"), born Ji Huang (), was an ancient Chinese noble from the house of Zhou and the third ruler of the state of Cai in China.
Huang was the only known son of Ji Hu and the second cousin of Kings Cheng and Kang of Zhou. His son Gong inherited his land with the higher title of "hou" ("marquess") rather than "bo" ("count").

</doc>
<doc id="20047687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047687" title="Karl Anton Nowotny">
Karl Anton Nowotny

Karl Anton Nowotny (June 21, 1904, Hollabrunn - December 31, 1978, Vienna) was an Austrian ethnographer, art historian and academic, specialising in the study of Mesoamerican cultures. He is most renowned for his analyses and reproductions of Mesoamerican codices, and his commentaries on their iconography and symbolisms. 
Nowotny was a pioneer and leading exponent of applying comparative ethnography to the study of pre-Columbian and conques-era texts and codices. In this technique, the meaning and symbolism of the texts are analysed and compared with the cultural practices and beliefs of modern indigenous Mesoamerican peoples whose traditions have been maintained. Nowotny used comprehensive ethnographic studies—such as those conducted by Leonhard Schultze in the 1930s among the Nahuas of the central Mexican "altiplano"—as a means of garnering further insight into the ancestral practices and beliefs underpinning the codices and related iconographies.
Nowotny also contributed extensively to the study and interpretation of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican calendars, their functioning and how they were used. Building upon work by earlier scholars such as Eduard Seler, Nowotny and his contemporaries like Alfonso Caso and Paul Kirchhoff greatly added to the scholarly understanding of calendrical elements such as the central Mexican "tonalpohualli", "veintena" and "trecena" cycles. Nowotny's analysis and exposition of the ritual and divinatory importance of the "tonalamatl" almanac has been regarded as of "critical importance" to the modern understanding of this almanac, and a significant development beyond the primarily astronomically based approach of Seler and other predecessors.

</doc>
<doc id="20047721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047721" title="Demand shock">
Demand shock

In economics, a demand shock is a sudden event that increases or decreases demand for goods or services temporarily.
On demand shock.
A positive demand shock increases demand and a negative demand shock decreases demand. Prices of goods and services are affected in both cases. When demand for a good or service increases, its price typically increases because of a shift in the demand curve to the right. When demand decreases, its price typically decreases because of a shift in the demand curve to the left. Demand shocks can originate from changes in things such as tax rates, money supply, and government spending. For example, taxpayers owe the government less money after a tax cut, thereby freeing up more money available for personal spending. When the taxpayers use the money to purchase goods and services, their prices go up.
In the midst of a poor economic situation in the United Kingdom in November 2002, the Bank of England's deputy governor, Mervyn King, warned that the domestic economy was sufficiently imbalanced that it ran the risk of causing a "large negative demand shock" in the near future. At the London School of Economics, he elaborated by saying, "Beneath the surface of overall stability in the UK economy lies a remarkable imbalance between a buoyant consumer and housing sector, on the one hand, and weak external demand on the other."
During the global financial crisis of 2008, a negative demand shock in the United States economy was caused by several factors that included falling house prices, the subprime mortgage crisis, and lost household wealth, which led to a drop in consumer spending. To counter this negative demand shock, the Federal Reserve System lowered interest rates. Before the crisis occurred, the world's economy experienced a positive global supply shock. Immediately afterward, however, a positive global demand shock led to global overheating and rising inflationary pressures.

</doc>
<doc id="20047726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047726" title="Cai Shu">
Cai Shu

Cai Shu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20047753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047753" title="Usonia Homes">
Usonia Homes

Usonia Homes is a planned community in the Town of Mount Pleasant, adjacent to the village of Pleasantville, New York. In 1945, a rural tract was purchased by a cooperative of young couples from New York City, who were able to enlist Frank Lloyd Wright to build his Broadacre City concept. Wright decided where each house should be placed. Wright designed three homes himself and approved architectural plans of the other 44, which were designed by such architects as Paul Schweikher, Theodore Dixon Bower, Ulrich Franzen, Kaneji Domoto, Aaron Resnick and David Henken – an engineer and Wright apprentice.
The layout of the neighborhood was planned by Wright in a circular manner, preserving most of the original trees and "encouraging the flow of the land". The balance of the homes were decreed to be in the modern "organic" style ordained by Wright. The community was named "Usonia" in homage to Wright, whose ideas on the way Americans should live together guided their plan.
The narrow roads twist and curve, finches perch on windowsills, deer roam and maple trees outnumber people. Sixty percent of the land is forest and meadow. Each house nestles into the landscape, as naturally as the trees and grasses that preceded it, and none are visible from nearby Route 120.
Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian homes in Pleasantville:

</doc>
<doc id="20047761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047761" title="2001 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
2001 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 2001 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Tar Heels played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina competed in the Atlantic Coast Conference, and was led by head coach John Bunting. 
Team Players drafted in the NFL.
The following players were selected in the 2002 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20047771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047771" title="New England Colonies">
New England Colonies

The New England Colonies of British America included the colonies of Connecticut, Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and Province of New Hampshire. They were part of the Thirteen Colonies the Middle Colonies and the Southern Colonies. These were early colonies of what would later be the states in New England. Captain John Smith, of Pocahontas fame, was the author of "A Description of New England" published in 1616, which is credited with first applying the term "New England" to coastal lands of North America from the Long Island Sound to Newfoundland.
~~Early 17th century~~ 
There were several attempts early in the 17th century to colonize New England by France, England and other countries who were often in contention for lands in the New World. French nobleman Pierre Dugua de Monts (Sieur de Monts) established a settlement on Saint Croix Island, Maine in June 1604 under the authority of the King of France. The small St. Croix River Island is located on the northern boundary of present-day Maine. After nearly half the settlers perished due to a harsh winter and scurvy, they moved out of New England north to Port-Royal of Nova Scotia (see symbol "R" on map to the right) in the spring of 1605.
King James I of England, recognizing the need for a permanent settlement in New England, granted competing royal charters to the Plymouth Company and the London Company. The Plymouth Company ships arrived at the mouth of the Kennebec River (then called the Sagadahoc River) in August 1607 where they established a settlement named Sagadahoc Colony or more well known as Popham Colony (see symbol "Po" on map to the right) to honor financial backer Sir John Popham. The colonists faced a harsh winter, the loss of supplies following a storehouse fire and mixed relations with the indigenous tribes. 
After the death of colony leader Captain George Popham and a decision by a second leader, Raleigh Gilbert, to return to England to take up an inheritance left by the death of an older brother, all of the colonists decided to return to England. It was around August 1607, when they left on two ships, the "Mary and John" and a new ship built by the colony named "Virginia of Sagadahoc". The 30-ton "Virginia" was the first English-built ship in North America.
Conflict over land rights continued through the early 17th century, with the French constructing Fort Petagouet near present day Castine, Maine in 1613. The fort protecting a trading post and a fishing station was considered the first longer term settlement in New England. The fort traded hands multiple times throughout the 17th century between the English, French and Dutch colonists.
In 1614, the Dutch explorer Adriaen Block sailed along the coast of Long Island Sound, and then up the Connecticut River to site of present day Hartford, Connecticut. By 1623, the new Dutch West India Company regularly traded for furs there and ten years later they fortified it for protection from the Pequot Indians as well as from the expanding English colonies. They fortified the site, which was named "House of Hope" (also identified as "Fort Hoop", "Good Hope" and "Hope"), but encroaching English colonization made them agree to withdraw a Treaty of Hartford, and by 1645 they were gone.
Pilgrims and Puritans (1620's).
A group of religious dissenters known as the Pilgrims arrived on the "Mayflower" from England and the Netherlands early in 1620 to establish Plymouth Colony, which was the first British colony in New England to last over a year and one of the first colonies of British Colonial America following Jamestown, Virginia. About half of the one hundred plus passengers on the "Mayflower" survived that first winter, mostly because of diseases contracted on the voyage. A Native American named Squanto taught the colonists how to catch eel and grow corn the following year (1621). His assistance was remarkable, considering that the Pilgrims were living on the site his deceased Patuxet tribe had established as a village before they were wiped out from diseases brought over by earlier traders from Europe.
Although the Plymouth settlement faced great hardships and earned few profits, it enjoyed a positive reputation in England and may have sown the seeds for further immigration. Edward Winslow and William Bradford published an account of their adventures in 1622, called Mourt's Relation. This book glossed over some of the difficulties and challenges carving a settlement out of the wilderness, but it may have been partly responsible for erasing the memory of the Popham Colony and encouraging further settlement.
Learning from the Pilgrims' harsh experiences of winter in the Plymouth Colony, the Puritans first sent smaller groups in mid-1620s from England to establish colonies, buildings and food supplies. In 1623, the Plymouth Council for New England (successor to the Plymouth Company) established a small fishing village at Cape Ann under the supervision of the Dorchester Company. The first group of Puritans moved to a new town at the nearby Naumkeag, after the Dorchester Company dropped support and fresh financial support was found by Rev. John White. Other settlements were started in nearby areas, however the overall Puritan population remained small through the 1620s. A larger group of Puritans arrived in 1630, leaving England because they were unable to change the Church of England, by their name to "purify" the church. The Puritans had not so very different religious beliefs compared to the Pilgrims who were Separatists from the Church of England but the separate colonies were governed independent of each other until the Massachusetts Bay Colony was reorganized in 1691 combining both colonies as the Province of Massachusetts Bay. Prior to the formation of the Province of Massachusetts Bay, the Puritan leaders used the government to enforce the strict religious rules that all Puritans were expected to follow.
Early dissenters of the Puritan laws were often banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. The Connecticut Colony was started after a Puritan minister, Thomas Hooker, left Massachusetts Bay with around 100 followers in search of greater religious and political freedom. Another Puritan minister, Roger Williams (theologian) left Massachusetts Bay founding the Rhode Island Colony, while John Wheelwright left with his followers to a colony in present day New Hampshire and shortly thereafter on to present day Maine. The Puritan beliefs of not having to directly pay for school also helped shape the public school system today.
Founding (1636).
It was the dead of winter, January 1636, when Salem minister Roger Williams had been banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. The Puritan leaders pushed him out because he preached that government and religion should be separate and also believed the Wampanoag and Narragansett tribes had been treated unfairly. That winter, the tribes would help Williams to survive and establish a new colony in present-day Rhode Island which he named Providence as in the Divine Providence, for their new colony was unique in its day in expressly providing for religious freedom and a separation of church from state. Roger Williams returned to England two times to prevent the attempt of other colonies to take over Providence and to charter or incorporate Providence and other nearby communities into the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
Later in 1636, Thomas Hooker left Massachusetts with one hundred followers and found a new English settlement just north of the Dutch Fort Hoop that would later become Connecticut Colony. The community was first named Newtown then shortly afterwards renamed to Hartford to honor the English town of Hertford. One of the reasons Hooker left was because only admitted members of the church could vote and participate in the government, which he believed should include any adult male owning property. The Connecticut Colony was not the first settlement (Dutch were first), or even the first English settlement (Windsor would be first in 1633), Thomas Hooker would obtain a royal charter and establish Fundamental Orders, considered to be one of the first constitutions in North America. Other colonies, including New Haven and Saybrook would later be merged into the royal charter for the Connecticut Colony.
Commerce.
The earliest colonies in the New England Colonies were usually fishing villages or farming communities along the more fertile land along the rivers.While the rocky soil in the New England Colonies was not as fertile as the Middle or Southern Colonies, the land provided rich resources including lumber that was valued for building of homes and ships. Lumber was also a resource that could be exported back to England, where there was a shortage of lumber. In addition, the hunting of wild life provided furs to be traded and food for the table. The New England Colonies were located near the ocean where there was an abundance of whales, fish and other marketable sea life. Excellent harbors and some inland waterways offered protection for ships and were also valuable for fresh water fishing.By the end of the seventeenth century, New England colonists had tapped into a sprawling Atlantic trade network that connected them to the English homeland as well as the West African slave coast, the Caribbean's plantation islands, and the Iberian Peninsula.Colonists relied upon British and European imports for glass, linens, hardware, machinery, and other items found around a colonist's household. In contrast to the Southern Colonies, which could produce tobacco, rice, and indigo in exchange for imports, New England's colonies could not offer much to England beyond fish, furs, and lumber. Inflation was a major issue in the economy. Later on, during the 18th century, shipbuilding, often under the direction of the British Crown, drew upon the abundant lumber and revived the economy.
Slavery of Native Americans in New England.
In the view of the Plymouth court, the enslavement of natives that were rebelling against English authority was quite lawful. This was a policy that had been going on for decades in Ireland, particularly at least since the time of Elizabeth I, and during the mid-17th century Cromwell wars in Britain and Ireland where large numbers of Irish, Welsh and Scots prisoners were sent as slaves to plantations in the West Indies, especially to Barbados and Jamaica. 
The income provided by selling native American captives as slaves was helpful financially in covering war costs and in removing natives from the colony who were considered potentially dangerous - and in effect made more native lands available to English settlers.
One person among the colony hierarchy who did speak out at that time against enslavement of native Americans was military leader Benjamin Church, whose militia company ironically was responsible in August 1676 for the killing of King Philip. He said, in the summer of 1675 regarding the slavery of native Americans, “an action so hateful…that (I) opposed it to the loss of the good will and respect of some that before were (my) good friends.” This said, Church, like many Englishmen in the colony, would be an owner of African slaves himself. 
Ships carrying native peoples as slaves began to leave New England ports for places far away late in 1675, and by the next summer the shipping out of slaves had turned into a regular process that removed what was considered dangerous native males by stating that “no male captive above the age of fourteen years should reside in the colony.” That fall, they had King Philip’s nine-year-old son in their hands and not known what to do with him - some wanted to execute the boy - but in the end he, as his mother had been, was shipped off as a slave. 
It is estimated that during King Philip's War at least a thousand native Americans of New England were sold as slaves, with over half of those coming from Plymouth. By the end of the war, villages that were once crowded native American population centers were empty of inhabitants.
Education.
In the New England Colonies, the first settlements of Pilgrims, along with the later Puritans taught their children how to read and write for business and household management purposes, in addition to following their various faiths. Depending upon social and financial status, education was taught by private governesses, homeschooling and grammar schools, which included some or more subjects from reading, writing to Latin and more.

</doc>
<doc id="20047783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047783" title="K. T. Oslin discography">
K. T. Oslin discography

The following is a complete discography of albums and singles released by American country music artist K. T. Oslin.

</doc>
<doc id="20047812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047812" title="Small Hours">
Small Hours

Small Hours is the current late night radio show hosted by Donal Dineen on Today FM. It commenced broadcasting in 2004, following the seven-year tenure of "Here Comes the Night". It is Dineen's second radio show on Today FM, airing Monday - Thursday, 00:00 - 02:00.
On 30 December 2007, "The Small Hours" had a two-hour radio special broadcast from the living room of David Gray's London home, where Gray and Liam Ó Maonlaí traded songs and stories on the piano and acoustic guitar, "intermittently picking their Desert Island discs for Dineen to spin". Dineen is largely credited with breaking Gray in Ireland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20047844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047844" title="Edward Serlin House">
Edward Serlin House

Edward Serlin House was built in Pleasantville, New York in 1949.
This is the second of the "Usonia Homes", and its design includes a shed roof.

</doc>
<doc id="20047845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047845" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T36">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T36

The Women's 200m T36 had its Final held on September 13 at 10:40.

</doc>
<doc id="20047855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047855" title="Tears (Joseph Williams album)">
Tears (Joseph Williams album)

Tears (2007) is part of a two album concept recorded by Joseph Williams, former lead singer of Toto, that contains 12 cover songs focused on the heartaches and ups and downs of relationships. "Smiles" is the other half of the album concept which contains more upbeat, joyful renditions of classic hit songs. In both albums, Williams' soulful, harmonious vocals is accompanied by David Harris on piano. Songs in "Tears" include main hit songs from popular artists including Elton John, James Taylor, Eric Clapton, Stevie Wonder, and Smokey Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20047863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047863" title="Eastwood Park">
Eastwood Park

Eastwood Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20047870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047870" title="Here Comes the Night (radio show)">
Here Comes the Night (radio show)

Here Comes the Night was a late night radio show hosted by Donal Dineen on Today FM. It commenced broadcasting on 17 March 1997, lasting for a seven-year period before being replaced by Dineen's current show "Small Hours". It was Dineen's first radio show on Today FM, airing from the station's opening day. Dineen is largely credited with breaking David Gray in Ireland during this show's tenure. Other artists whose music featured on this show included Jape, who went on to win the Choice Music Prize in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20047891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047891" title="Secrets (Allan Holdsworth album)">
Secrets (Allan Holdsworth album)

Secrets is the sixth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1989 through Intima Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2008 through Eidolon Efformation.

</doc>
<doc id="20047915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047915" title="Don't (Billy Currington song)">
Don't (Billy Currington song)

"Don't" is a song written by Jim Beavers and Jonathan Singleton, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Currington. It was released in July 2008 as the first single from his album "Little Bit of Everything". The song is Currington's fifth Top Ten entry on the Hot Country Songs charts, having entered Top Ten on the chart week of December 13, 2008.
The song is part of the tracklist for Now That's What I Call Country Volume 2.
Content.
In the lyric, the male narrator asks that his lover stay with him after a sexual encounter the night before. Jonathan Singleton and Jim Beavers were inspired to write "Don't" after spending a day listening to R&B music. According to "Country Weekly", Beavers "started it with the groove and vibe, which had the kind of sexy R&B feel to it, with the idea of a guy begging his girl not to leave." Singleton said that he considered it "unusual" for the chorus to begin with "baby, baby, don't", and after realizing that the word "don't" appeared several times in the lyric, they decided to name the song "Don't".
Currington recorded the song in one take. During the session, electric guitarist Brent Mason ad-libbed a "wah-wah" sound, which Currington asked to be left in the final recording.
Critical reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic described it as having a "sleek '80s sheen". Jessica Phillips of "Country Standard Time" said that it had a "suggestive R&B strut and pleading chorus."
Music video.
The song's music video, directed by "The Brads", was shot in downtown Nashville. It shows Currington carrying two cups of coffee, one of which is intended for his female partner. Upon entering her apartment, he finds that she has left in a cab. He then runs down a fire escape and jumps into an alleyway, before driving off to catch up with the cab. Currington performed all of the video's stunts himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20047943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047943" title="Roland Reisley House">
Roland Reisley House

Roland Reisley House was built in Pleasantville, New York in 1951. The third of the "Usonia Homes", this is a building on a hillside with a masonry "core" and wood siding. Roland Reisley was 26 when he built his home. The entrance is dominated by a dramatic wood cantilevered carport, which leads to an impressive yet unpresumptuous low-slung house with cypress paneling and indigenous stone.
The original house, built in 1951, had one bedroom, a study and a kitchen and a total of . Wright returned five years later to design a addition.

</doc>
<doc id="20047955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047955" title="Twotone Aoki">
Twotone Aoki

, better known by his stage name is a Japanese impressionist from Kanagawa Prefecture. His son, Ryūji Aoki, is also an impressionist.

</doc>
<doc id="20047982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20047982" title="Inland Waterways Authority of India">
Inland Waterways Authority of India

India has an extensive network of inland waterways in the form of rivers, canals, backwaters and creeks. The total navigable length is 14,500 km, out of which about 5200 km of river and 4000 km of canals can be used by mechanised crafts. Freight transportation by waterways is highly under-utilised in India compared to other large countries and geographic areas like the United States, China and the European Union. The total cargo moved (in tonne kilometres) by the inland waterway was just 0.1% of the total inland traffic in India, compared to the 21% figure for United States. Cargo transportation in an organised manner is confined to a few waterways in Goa, West Bengal, Assam and Kerala.
"Inland Waterways Authority of India" (IWAI) is the statutory authority in charge of the waterways in India. Its headquarters is located in Noida, UP. It does the function of building the necessary infrastructure in these waterways, surveying the economic feasibility of new projects and also administration and regulation.
History.
Inland Waterways Authority of India () (IWAI) was created by Indian Government on 27 October 1986 for development and regulation of Inland Waterways for shipping and navigation. The Authority primarily undertakes projects for development and maintenance of Inland Waterway Terminal infrastructure on National Waterways through grant received from "Ministry of Shipping, Road Transport and Highways". The head office is at Noida. The Authority also has its regional offices at Patna, Kolkata, Guwahati and Kochi and sub-offices at Allahabad, Varanasi, Bhagalpur, Farrakka and Kollam.

</doc>
<doc id="20048070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048070" title="Mona Simpson (The Simpsons)">
Mona Simpson (The Simpsons)

Mona J. Simpson is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". She has been voiced by several actresses, including Maggie Roswell, Tress MacNeille, Pamela Hayden, and most prominently, Glenn Close. Glenn Close's performances as Mona have been well received by critics and she was named one of the top 25 guest stars on the show by IGN.
Mona is the estranged wife of Abe Simpson and the mother of Homer Simpson. Homer believed that his mother was dead, a lie his father Abe told him when in reality she was on the run from the law. Mona first appeared in the second season in a flashback in "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?". She returned in the seventh season for her first main appearance in "Mother Simpson" and also had a large role in "My Mother the Carjacker". The character appeared again in Season 19's "Mona Leaves-a", but died during the episode. An "Inception"-inspired dream version of her appears in Season 23's "How I Wet Your Mother".
The character is named after writer Richard Appel's ex-wife, the American author Mona Simpson. The inspiration for the character is based upon Bernardine Dohrn of the Weather Underground.
Biography.
Many of the details of Mona's life are unknown, but various pieces of her story have been revealed. Mona was first mentioned in season one and made two brief flashback appearances, but her first major appearance was in "Mother Simpson". In the episode, it is revealed that in the 1960s, Mona was a homemaker who lived with her husband Abraham Simpson and Homer, who at the time was a child. She became caught up in the hippie movement after her beliefs were ignited by seeing Joe Namath's long hair during Super Bowl III.
Mona soon after became a political activist and, at one event, Mona and a group of other activists protesting germ research entered Montgomery Burns's laboratory and destroyed all the biological warfare experiments. As the gang escaped, she stayed behind to help a fallen Burns, who in turn, swore to have her thrown in jail for the rest of her life. Since that night, Mona was forced to leave her family. Abe lied and said Mona had died while Homer was at the movies, in order to spare him of the trauma that his mother was a wanted criminal. For 27 years, Homer presumed that his mother was dead. He was accidentally reunited with Mona in "Mother Simpson" after he faked his own death to get a day off from work and Mona visited his supposed grave site. Overjoyed at their reunion, he brings Mona home to meet his family. At first, Mona does not reveal her whereabouts and spends time catching up with her family, but is forced to reveal her past. She later travels to the post office with Homer, where Mr. Burns recognizes her face and tracks her down with FBI assistance. However, a tip-off to Homer from Chief Wiggum allows Mona to escape. Wiggum is grateful to Mona because his asthma was cured by the "antibiotic bomb" her group detonated during their lab infiltration, thereby allowing him to join the police force. Forced to go on the run again, Mona tells Homer she loves him and escapes to the underground.
In "D'oh-in in the Wind", it is revealed that at some point, Mona spent time at a commune with two hippies, Seth and Munchie, after life with Abraham became unbearable. It is also strongly implied that she was unfaithful to Abraham. In the episode "Homer's Paternity Coot", a long lost letter reveals that Mona had an affair with life guard Mason Fairbank, leading Homer to falsely believe that he might in fact be his real father.
In "My Mother the Carjacker", Homer discovers a secret message left for him in a newspaper that tells him to go to a location. There Homer finds Mona, who explains she had to return after she saw a macaroni pencil holder Homer made for her when he was five. She is captured by police and put on trial for the crime she committed. Due to Homer's heartfelt testimony she is acquitted. Mr. Burns is angered by this and has her imprisoned for the minor charge of signing into a national park under a false name. As she is being transported to jail, Homer attempts to break her free from the prison bus, but the chase ends in what appears to be her death when the bus drives off a cliff and lands in the water, where it explodes and sets off a rock avalanche which buries it. In truth, she narrowly escaped before the bus went off the cliff, and is still on the run.
Mona returns in "Mona Leaves-a" to try to make up for lost time with Homer, but he angrily refuses, saying that she will just abandon him again. Homer feels guilty about being angry with her and tries to make up only to learn she has died. She is cremated and, according to her will, Homer is supposed to throw her ashes on a mountain, where they disrupt a missile guidance system which would have devastated the Amazon Rainforest, once again plotted by Burns. Although disappointed that the last thing his mother asked him to do was "another hippie protest", Homer successfully stops the launch.
Mona briefly returned in "How I Wet Your Mother", where she rescues the family in a dream of Homer's, saying that she lives on in his dreams. It is revealed in this episode that a couple of weeks before she left Homer as a child, Homer and Grampa went on a fishing trip that was unsuccessful as the boat capsized. Homer would later feel guilt, believing that the incident prompted Mona to leave him and his father. Mona solves Homer's problem by telling him that the fishing trip never played a role in her leaving.
Character.
Creation.
Mona Simpson is first mentioned in season one's "There's No Disgrace Like Home", where Homer recalls his mother telling him that he's a "big disappointment". She later made two brief flashback appearances, the first being season two's "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?" and the second being season six's "Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy", and in both cases she was voiced by Maggie Roswell.
Mona's first major appearance was in the seventh season episode "Mother Simpson". The episode was pitched by Richard Appel, who had been desperately trying to think of a story idea and decided to do something about Homer's mother.
Many of the writers were surprised that an episode about Homer's mother had not previously been produced. The writers used the episode as an opportunity to solve several puzzles about the show, such as where Lisa's intelligence came from.
The character is named after Richard Appel's wife, who is the novelist Mona Simpson. The inspiration for the character comes from Bernardine Dohrn of the Weather Underground, although the writers acknowledge that several people fit her description. Her crime was intentionally the least violent crime the writers could think of, as she did not harm anyone and was only caught because she came back to help Mr. Burns.
Mona Simpson was drawn in a way so that she has a little bit of Homer in her face, such as the shape of her upper lip and her nose. There were several design changes because the directors were trying to make her an attractive older and younger woman, but still be "Simpson-esque".
Voice.
Glenn Close was convinced to voice the character in "Mother Simpson" partially because of James L. Brooks. She was directed in her first performance by Josh Weinstein. When Mona gets in the van, her voice is done by Pamela Hayden because Glenn Close could not say "d'oh!" properly and thus they used the original temp track recorded by Hayden.
Glenn Close would record original material for two other episodes, season 15's "My Mother the Carjacker" and season 19's "Mona Leaves-a". A deleted scene featuring Mona from "Mother Simpson" would appear in season seven's "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular". The character would also have a speaking appearance in season ten's "D'oh-in in the Wind", this time voiced by Tress MacNeille.
Reception.
Glenn Close has been well-received as the voice of Mona. IGN.com ranked Close as the 25th best guest star in the show's history for her first two performances as Mona. In 2007, "Entertainment Weekly" called Close one of "fourteen guest stars whose standout performances on TV make us wish they'd turn up in a "Simpsons Movie 2"". In 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" would also name Close one the 16 best "Simpsons" guest stars. The Phoenix.com placed Close in the second position on their list of the best 20 "Simpsons" guest stars. Star News Online listed Close as one of the four hundred reasons why they love "The Simpsons". Close appeared on AOL's list of their favorite 25 "Simpsons" guest stars. Robert Canning of IGN wrote that Close "gave us the sweet voice of Mona Simpson. She's a perfect fit, able to convey a loving, motherly tone, while still convincing the audience she's a headstrong hippie activist."
"Mother Simpson" is one of Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein's favorite episodes as they feel it is a perfect combination of real emotion, good jokes and an interesting story and they have expressed regret about not submitting it for the Emmy Award in the Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) category. "My Mother the Carjacker" received a Writers Guild of America Award nomination in 2004 in the animation category. "Mona Leaves-a" received mixed reviews from critics. Robert Canning described it as "clunky and forced and wasn't all that funny" but still gave it a 7/10. Richard Keller called it a decent episode, but despised Mona's brief appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20048101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048101" title="John Finnegan (explorer)">
John Finnegan (explorer)

John Finnegan, a convict of the colony of New South Wales (now Australia), was one of four men who set off on a timber getting mission from Sydney bound for Illawarra in 1823. The men were caught in a severe storm and driven north 728 km to Moreton Island off the coast of Brisbane, becoming the first Europeans to live in the area and the first to discover the Brisbane River.
Prior to this a number of earlier explorers had sailed the Moreton Bay area. Most notable was Matthew Flinders who spent 15 days in the general vicinity during his 1799 expedition from Port Jackson to Hervey Bay. Due to the difficulty of finding coastal rivers by seaward exploration, none of these explorers became aware of the existence of the Brisbane River. Later in 1823, when the Surveyor General, John Oxley, was commissioned by Governor Brisbane to find sites for further penal settlements, he made a trip to the Moreton Bay area. If not for a chance meeting with one of Finnegan’s surviving partners, Thomas Pamphlett, and the men telling him of a large freshwater river they had stumbled across some months earlier, Oxley may never have made the exploration that led to the establishment of Brisbane Town some years later.
The 'Timbergetting' Voyage.
The four men, Thomas Pamphlett, Richard Parsons, John Thompson and Finnegan himself, left Sydney on 21 March 1823 bound for the ‘Five Islands’ (Illawarra). They had been hired to fetch cedar wood. Shortly after they departed a fierce storm blew them out to sea and they were forced to go 21 days without water. During this time Thompson died and was buried at sea a few days later, his friends not being able to put their boat ashore. The three survivors were beached on Moreton Island on 16 April 1823 and made friends with the local Aborigines.
Assuming themselves to be somewhere south of Jervis Bay, the explorers determined to get back to Sydney. The natives took them by boat across the passage to Stradbroke Island where they spent approximately six weeks with the Noonucal tribe before heading across to the mainland, pulling in somewhere around the Cleveland area. They then began to travel north in hope of reaching civilization. It wasn't long before the trio stumbled across a large river which they were unable to cross. They trekked upstream for almost a month, weakened due to lack of good food and hardly able to swim many of the creeks they encountered en route. Upon reaching Oxley Creek, however, they procured a canoe and attempted their first crossing of the river.
Found.
It was later in the year when John Oxley made his entrance into Moreton Bay. An extract from his diary on 19 November 1823 describes his unexpected meeting with Pamphlett:At the time of the meeting Finnegan was away on a hunting trip and Parsons had continued north in search of Sydney, an endeavour the other two men had decided to abandon, choosing rather to return to the Bribie Island area to live with the natives. When Finnegan returned the two men related to Oxley their discovery of the large river. Oxley was determined to explore it and, taking Finnegan with them as their guide, he and Stirling set off on 1 December 1823, entering the river the following day.
See also.
Steele, John Gladstone: 'The Explorers of the Moreton Bay District 1770-1830', St Lucia, 1972, 386 pages documentary, illustrated.

</doc>
<doc id="20048116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048116" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T37">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T37

The Women's 100m T37 had its First Round held on September 11, at 17:05 and the Final held on September 12 at 10:04.

</doc>
<doc id="20048131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048131" title="Helios AG">
Helios AG

The Helios AG für elektrisches Licht und Telegraphenanlagenbau was a German electrical engineering company. Founded in 1882 it existed until its liquidation in 1930. The company was based in the town of Ehrenfeld, which was incorparted into Cologne in 1888. The company is nowadays mostly known for the Heliosturm, a lighthouse on the former site of the factory that was constructed for test and research purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20048161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048161" title="Ioan Pop">
Ioan Pop

Ioan Pop (born 24 October 1954) is a Romanian fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team sabre events at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics.
He later became technical director and national coach of Romania and Tunisia. Since 2007 he has been the international technical director in charge of the training of fencing masters at the International Fencing Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="20048163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048163" title="Marquis Gong of Cai">
Marquis Gong of Cai

Marquis Gong of Cai can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20048173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048173" title="Ioan Chezan">
Ioan Chezan

Ioan Chezan (born 14 August 1945, Sântejude, Cluj, Romania) is a Romanian musician and conductor.
Biography.
He was born in 1945 in Sântejude, near the Gherla city, he studied firstly at Gherla school and then to Cluj, and he is the youngest of three boys of the family. He attended secondary school at "Petru Maior" in Gherla, where he studied music with Tiberiu Coste between 1957-1959. Durind the high school he studied music with Marius Cuteanu, a great musician. Later, during his studies, he met professor Bella Torok and he is studying flute with him. He is attending Gheorghe Dima Music Academy where he was a student of the great master conductor Dorin Pop. Also here he is studying with Erwin Junger, Dan-Alexandru Voiculescu, Tudor Jarda and other great well-known musicians.
After graduated the Conservatory, he began his teaching career in the fall of 1970. Ioan Chezan established in 1971, the first school of music in Salaj County.
In 2004 he received the Order of "Merit for Education" rank of Chevalier.
In 2008 he presented his Ph.D. thesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20048193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048193" title="Bays Brewery">
Bays Brewery

Bays Brewery is a microbrewery located in Nelson, New Zealand established in December 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20048200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048200" title="Love Somebody">
Love Somebody

Love Somebody may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20048202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048202" title="Archduchess María of Austria (b. 1967)">
Archduchess María of Austria (b. 1967)

Archduchess María of Austria (née Princess María of Bourbon-Two Sicilies; 5 April 1967) is a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and the wife of Archduke Simeon of Austria.
Family.
María is the second-eldest daughter of Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria and his wife Princess Anne of Orléans.
Marriage and issue.
María married Archduke Simeon of Austria, third eldest child of Archduke Rudolf of Austria and his first wife Countess Xenia Czernichev-Besobrasov, on 13 July 1996 in La Toledana, Spain. The couple has five children:

</doc>
<doc id="20048241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048241" title="Philip Hammial">
Philip Hammial

Philip Roby Hammial (born 1937) is an Australian poet, publisher, editor, artist and art curator. He has a long list of achievements in writing, publishing and sculpting. His achievements include twenty-four collections of poetry, thirty solo sculpture exhibitions and, acting as the director/curator of The Australian Collection of Outsider Art, twenty-six exhibitions of Australian Outsider Art in five countries.
Hammial's significance to Australian poetry has been recognised by the Australia Council, which awarded him a Senior Writer’s Fellowship in 1996, an Established Writer’s Fellowship in 2004 and the Nancy Keesing Studio at the Cité Internationale des Arts in Paris in 2009.
Life.
Hammial (born 1937) grew up in and around Detroit, Michigan. He graduated from Farmington High School in 1954. After three years in the engine rooms of US Navy ships he went to Olivet College in Olivet, Michigan, and then to Ohio University in Athens, Ohio, where he ‘discovered’ poetry, art, philosophy and history. Graduating with honors in English Literature and Philosophy in 1963, he went on to travel the world for a total of eleven years, visiting eighty-one countries & working in three – Denmark, England and Greece. In 1972 he arrived in Sydney on a tourist visa and nine months later was granted a resident visa. He is now an Australian citizen, married to Anne Welch an English as a second language teacher, with one child, Genevieve Aloka, born in 1997, and has been living in the Blue Mountains since 1994. Hammial started work at the age of twelve and had over one hundred jobs in five countries before retiring in 2000. A member of the Woodford Bush Fire Brigade between 1995 and 2003, Hammial fought many of the fires that raged through the Blue Mountains during those years. An environmental and human rights activist, he has worked as a volunteer for the Wilderness Society and for the Free Tibet Action Group.
Literary and artistic career.
Hammial has published twenty-four collections of poetry and is the editor of “25 poètes australiens”, an anthology published in Trois-Rivières and Paris. He is also the editor (with Ulli Beier and Rudi Krausmann) of the seminal “Outsider Art in Australia”. As the director of The Australian Collection of Outsider Art, he has curated or helped to organize twenty-six exhibitions of Australian Outsider Art – in Australia, Germany, France, Belgium and the United States. The most recent exhibition – “Australian Outsiders” (23 artists) – spent two months at the Orange Regional Gallery, seven weeks at the Hazelhurst Regional Gallery and then went to the Halle St. Pierre in Paris for six months (September 2006 to February 2007) where it was very well received. Hammial himself is also an artist. He has had thirty-two solo exhibitions and his work has been included in over seventy group exhibitions. In 1979 he became the editor of Island Press. The oldest small press in Australia still publishing poetry, Island was founded in 1970 by Philip Roberts and has published fifty-eight titles to date. 
Two of his poetry collections were short-listed for the Kenneth Slessor Prize – “Bread” in 2001 and “In the Year of Our Lord Slaughter’s Children” in 2004 and one was short-listed for the ACT Poetry Prize - "Skin Theory" in 2010. His poems have appeared in 21 anthologies of Australian poetry and in 87 journals in 9 countries. He has represented Australia at six major international poetry festivals – Poetry Africa 2000 in Durban, South Africa; the Festival Franco-Anglais de Poesie, Paris, 2000; The World Festival of Poets, Tokyo, 2000; the Festival International de la Poésie, Trois-Rivières, 2004; the Micro Festival, Prague, 2009 and the Festival Franco-Anglais de Poesie, Melbourne, 2010. In 2001 he had a one month writer-in-residency at the Fundacion Valparaiso in Mojacar, Spain and for six months in 2009/10 he was the Australian writer-in-residence at the Cite International des Arts in Paris.
References.
Literature” 2nd ed. South Melbourne, Oxford University Press

</doc>
<doc id="20048330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048330" title="Nevius Street Bridge">
Nevius Street Bridge

The Nevius Street Bridge once carried car traffic across the Raritan River between Hillsborough Township and Raritan Borough in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. In the 1840s a wooden bridge crossed at this location. The current bridge was built in 1886 by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company of Canton, Ohio. It is a double intersection Pratt truss bridge. The construction of the nearby John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge replaced the Nevius Street Bridge, which now serves as a pedestrian bridge, connecting River Road in Hillsborough with the Raritan River Greenway. Joannes Nevius was born in Zoelen, Netherlands, in 1627 and emigrated to New Amsterdam in 1651. His grandson, Petrus or Peter Nevius, was the first with the Nevius name to come to the Raritan Valley in Somerset County.
The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Raritan Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20048336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048336" title="CZ 2075 RAMI">
CZ 2075 RAMI

The CZ 2075 RAMI is a semi-automatic pistol made by Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod (CZUB) in the Czech Republic. It features a staggered-column magazine, all-metal construction or optional Polyframe, and a hammer-forged floating barrel. The gun's name, RAMI, is derived from combining the first two letters of the designers' given names, Radek Hauerland and Milan Trkulja.
Design.
The RAMI is similar to the CZ 75, however the design has been reduced in size to create an ideal concealed carry firearm for those who find the CZ 75 or similar handguns too bulky. 
The RAMI is available in both 9 mm and .40 S&W calibers. Depending on caliber, the ammunition capacity of the magazine will vary from 10+1 or 14+1 (10 in the magazine and one round in the chamber) with the 9 mm version. 7+1 or 9+1 available in the .40 S&W version.
The RAMI can be fired either double or single action. The 2075 RAMI also features full length slide grooves which minimize play in the action and increases overall accuracy. The 2075 is designed with a slide lock that holds the chamber open after the last round in the magazine has been fired. 
The RAMI is quickly disassembled for cleaning and maintenance. To do this the slide stop is pushed out and the slide is pulled forward off the pistol frame. This allows the action to be further dismantled separating the barrel, recoil spring, and trigger components. Further tear down ("e.g". firing pin cleaning) should only be performed by a competent gunsmith.
Variants.
The CZ 2075 RAMI is produced in two variants; an alloy frame model (meaning the "body" of the pistol below the slide is constructed of metal) or polymer. The alloy model has the advantage of increased ruggedness, customizable grips, and increased weight which helps absorb recoil. The polyframe design offers corrosion resistant polymer and lighter weight (both attributes sought by individuals who carry concealed). Both variants are available in either 9mm or .40 S&W caliber. The 9mm version can utilize an extended magazine, increasing ammunition capacity to 14+1. The CZ 2075 RAMI will also accept the 18 round SPO-1 mag and the 32 round ProMag, both from the CZ 75.
The CZ2075 RAMI Polymer Version was discontinued as of 2011.
Safety features.
Most firearms, including the CZ 2075 RAMI, offer safety features which help to minimize the chance of a negligent discharge.
The CZ 2075 features an inertia pin safety that prevents the firing pin from protruding through the pin hole and making contact with the back of a chambered cartridge in the event the pistol is dropped.
The CZ 2075 BD model replaces the manual safety with a decocker, allowing the user to safely lower the hammer and prevent accidental firing. The decocker mechanism integrates a catch between the uncocked and fully cocked position that is designed to keep the hammer from striking the firing pin during the event the thumb should slip off the hammer prematurely during cocking. Pulling the trigger disables this safety, allowing the pistol to discharge.
Sights.
The CZ 2075 RAMI comes with factory installed "combat sights" (sometimes referred to as "three-dot sights"). Night sights are available for the RAMI that feature tritium inserts for better visibility in low light conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20048342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048342" title="Freeman-Walter-Abele Test">
Freeman-Walter-Abele Test

Freeman-Walter-Abele is an outdated judicial test in United States patent law. It came from decisions concerning software patents. It was used to determine if mathematical principles or algorithms were patentable subject matter. The Court of Customs and Patent Appeals introduced and refined these test under the constraint that the U.S. Supreme Court found algorithms unpatentable. The aim was to allow claims that do not attempt to monopolize traditionally unpatentable subject matter, such as, mathematics, thinking, and laws of nature. Though primarily concerned with mathematical algorithms the test has some applicability in all subject matter discussions. Its use faded between 1992 and 1999 and was dead by 2008. See "In re Freeman", 573 F.2d 1237 (C.C.P.A. 1978); "In re Walter", 618 F.2d 758 (C.C.P.A. 1980); In re Abele, 684 F.2d 902 (C.C.P.A. 1982) 
Development from Freeman test.
Freeman test: "It is first determined whether a mathematical algorithm is recited directly or indirectly in the claim. If so, it is next determined whether the claimed invention as a whole is no more than the algorithm itself; that is, whether the claim is directed to a mathematical algorithm that is not applied to or limited by physical elements or process steps." In Freeman this was a controlling computer. These physical elements were seen as part of apparatus claims while refinements and limits were to be present in process steps. With Walter the test was modified to be consistent with Benson and Flook “no amount of post-solution activity will render the claim statutory; nor is it saved by a preamble merely reciting the field of use of the mathematical algorithm.” Finally the test was defined in Abele algorithms “applied in any manner to physical elements or process steps” were patentable. However, caveats that field of use or non essential post processing activity remained.
Final Freeman-Walter-Abele test.
The final test has two parts. First, determining whether the claim recites an algorithm within the meaning of "Benson". Second, determining whether the algorithm is “applied in any manner to physical elements or process steps” per "In re Abele". 
Decline.
This test was largely done away with by the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit with "In re Alappat" it was no longer necessary to include physical elements in the invention the presence of programmed general-purpose computer was enough. However, the result became important. If mathematical algorithm produced "useful, concrete and tangible result" it was statutory subject matter. 
The test was further modified by the Federal Circuit Court in AT&T Corp. v. Excel Communications, Inc. and other similar cases to no longer require physical elements.
The test was repudiated in State Street Bank described as having "little, if any, applicability to determining the presence of statutory Subject matter." However, it continued to have use in the patent office who viewed it as much the same as the “practical application” and “useful, concrete and tangible results” tests. One noted issue with the test is that it dissects the claims into elements instead of analyzing the claims as a whole as required by Supreme Court precedent.
Death.
The test appears dead with "In re Bilski". It was noted that some patentable subject matter can fail the test. The CAFC called the test inadequate. It voided the effect of the portions of decisions relying solely on the test. These include "In re Abele", "Meyer", "In re Grams", and "Arrhythmia Research Technology v. Corazonix Corp." However, some portions of those decisions survived "Bilski", such as the portion of "In re Abele" concerning data representations of physical objects or substances.

</doc>
<doc id="20048376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048376" title="Symphoromyia">
Symphoromyia

Symphoromyia (meaning bane/blight fly in Greek) is a genus of predatory snipe flies. Unusually for Rhagionids, some species of "Symphoromyia" are known to feed on mammal blood, including human blood. "Symphoromyia" species are stout bodied flies from 4.5 to 9 mm and with a black, grey or gold thorax, and the abdomen is coloured grey, black, or both black and yellow, black terminating with yellow, to completely yellow. The wings are hyaline or lightly infuscate.

</doc>
<doc id="20048420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048420" title="Fran Bull">
Fran Bull

Fran Bull (b. 1938) is an American artist living and working in the United States and Barcelona, Spain.
Bull became known originally for her Photorealism paintings made in the mid 1970s and 80s. Among her most famous Photorealist works are "Flamingo Stereopticon", "Lincoln Center Reclining Figure" and "Winged Narcissus". This earlier work was influenced by her mentor and ex-husband, Malcolm Morley and by the Pop spirit of Photorealism. It was shown and sold through the Louis K. Meisel Gallery in New York City and has been collected widely in Kansas City through the Morgan Gallery, owned before her death by curator and gallerist Myra Morgan. During this time, Bull was one of the most noted photo-realists along with Morley.
In the late 1980s, Bull’s art began to develop towards abstraction, or neo-abstract expressionism. Instead of seeking to depict the familiar, touchable surfaces of this world, Bull felt compelled to investigate and capture the teeming, yet unseen forces giving rise to those surfaces. In her break-through series of paintings "The Magdalene Cycle" (1992) for example, the large canvases seem to lay bare the hidden energies and biomorphic entities that animate and enliven the physical realm.
Sparked by her newfound approach to painting, in the mid-1990s Bull began to explore other media. Since that time her artistic output has included performance art, sculpture, mixed media, and printmaking, as well as painting. She has been especially prolific in the area of printmaking, creating numerous bodies of work in collaboration with master printer Virgili Barbara at Taller 46, a prestigious printmaking studio in Barcelona, Spain. At the height of their careers, Picasso, Tàpies, Miró and Saura also worked in this place with the founder and father of Virgili, Joan Barbara.
In 2003 Bull’s award-winning series of carborundum etchings entitled "Barcelona!" (2001) was exhibited at Gallerie Universitini in Plzeň, Czech Republic. The "Barcelona!" etchings are surging pictures whose influences are redolent of those natural structures created by the forces of wind, water and organic process. Bull has produced many diverse series of etchings that continue to be exhibited worldwide.
Bull’s most recent works on canvas, "Dark Matter" (2008), are relief or sculptural paintings. Bull uses the term “topographies” to describe these works. The images in the "Dark Matter" series appear to be growing off the canvas, and, like her earlier abstract paintings, they appear to be covering and uncovering at once, the mysteries dwelling below the visible surfaces of this world.
To the question: what are your influences and inspirations, Bull replies: "The whole world, everything I see, read, learn, hear, all the art ever made, all the music, poetry and literature—what James Hillman calls the Gloria Duplex—the glorious, amazing and paradoxical array of everything."
When she is not working in Barcelona, Bull lives and works in Vermont, where in 2005 she founded "Gallery in-the-Field", a fine art gallery and performance space, whose mission is to present the work of provocative, innovative living artists.
Bull began her study of art at The Newark Museum, in Newark, New Jersey. She went on to study painting at Bennington College with Paul Feeley, and in 1980 she earned an M.A. degree from New York University in Fine Art and Art Education.
Along with the production of her own art, Bull teaches in universities and art schools throughout the United States and abroad.
Fran Bull is represented by Walker Fine Art in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20048432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048432" title="Antoine Bello">
Antoine Bello

Antoine Bello (born March 25, 1970) is a French-American author born in Boston, Massachusetts. He currently lives in New York.
Bibliography.
Bello has written six books.
"Les Funambules" (ISBN 2070745023), a collection of short stories, was published in 1996. 
Bello's first novel, "Éloge de la pièce manquante" (ISBN 2070749665) was released in 1998. It was the runner-up for the French Prix Novembre literary prize and released in English with the title "The Missing Piece" (ISBN 0156013371). 
In 2007, Bello released, "Les Falsificateurs" (ISBN 2070355276) which was followed by a second installment, "Les éclaireurs" (ISBN 2070124266) two years later. "Les éclaireurs" was awarded the prestigious France Culture Telerama award. 
In 2010, The Disappearance of Emilie Brunet (ISBN 2070446891) plays with the codes of crime fiction while paying tribute to Agatha Christie and Edgar Allan Poe.
Mateo (2013) (ISBN 2070140113) tells the story of a prodigiously gifted soccer player who declines offers from the greatest clubs to play college soccer and earn the title his father was about to win before he died.
Other ventures.
In 1991, Bello founded Ubiqus, a company offering various services for meeting planners. He sold it in 2007. That same year, he launched the Rankopedia website.

</doc>
<doc id="20048465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048465" title="John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge">
John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge

The John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge is a bridge in New Jersey that crosses the Raritan River. The bridge was built to replace the smaller Nevius Street Bridge built in 1886. The Nevius Street Bridge today functions as a pedestrian bridge. The bridge connects First Avenue and what used to be the short one way block of Lyman Street in Raritan with River Road in Hillsborough. After crossing into Hillsborough, the road curves to meet up with the old alignment with the Nevius Street Bridge. The bridge is named for local World War II hero, John Basilone. The bridge has a pedestrian tunnel underneath its northern approach, as part of the Raritan River Greenway.

</doc>
<doc id="20048493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048493" title="Xeo-Genetic">
Xeo-Genetic

Xeo-Genetic is the fourth studio album by the electro group Aux 88. The album was nominated for the Detroit Music Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20048519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048519" title="Trangleball">
Trangleball

Trangleball is a designer sport.
It is played by using a pyramid. Around the pyramid is a field, made up of two circles: an inner circle with a radius, and an outer circle with a radius. In each circle is a player, who must throw the ball on the pyramid so that the other player will catch it.
The game can is usually played by 2, 4 or 6 players - dividing into 2 player teams.
Trangleball was founded by Mark Miller on Fire Island, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20048540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048540" title="Michael Hofmann (footballer)">
Michael Hofmann (footballer)

Michael Hofmann (born 3 November 1972 in Bayreuth) is a retired German football goalkeeper who last played for SSV Jahn Regensburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20048578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048578" title="Regiomontanus' angle maximization problem">
Regiomontanus' angle maximization problem

In mathematics, the Regiomontanus' angle maximization problem, is a famous optimization problem posed by the 15th-century German mathematician Johannes Müller (also known as Regiomontanus). The problem is as follows:
If the viewer stands too close to the wall or too far from the wall, the angle is small; somewhere in between it is as large as possible.
The same approach applies to finding the optimal place from which to kick a ball in rugby. For that matter, it is not necessary that the alignment
of the picture be at right angles: we might be looking at a window of the Leaning Tower of Pisa or a realtor showing off the
advantages of a sky-light in a sloping attic roof.
Solution by elementary geometry.
There is a unique circle passing through the top and bottom of the painting and tangent to the eye-level line. By elementary geometry, if the viewer's position were to move along the circle, the angle subtended by the painting would remain constant. All positions on the eye-level line except the point of tangency are outside of the circle, and therefore the angle subtended by the painting from those points is smaller.
By "Elements" III.36 (alternatively the power-of-a-point theorem), the distance from the wall to the point of tangency is the geometric mean of the heights of the top and bottom of the painting. This means, in turn, that if we reflect the bottom of the picture in the line at eye-level and draw the circle with the segment between the top of the picture and this reflected point as diameter, the circle intersects the line at eye-level in the required position (by Elements II.14).
Solution by calculus.
In the present day, this problem is widely known because it appears as an exercise in many first-year calculus textbooks (for example that of Stewart ).
Let
The angle we seek to maximize is "β − α". The tangent of the angle increases as the angle increases; therefore it suffices to maximize
Since "b" − "a" is a positive constant, we only need to maximize the fraction that follows it. Differentiating, we get
Therefore the angle increases as "x" goes from 0 to √("ab") and decreases as "x" increases from √("ab"). The angle is therefore as large as possible precisely when "x" = √("ab"), the geometric mean of "a" and "b".
Solution by algebra.
We have seen that it suffices to maximize
This is equivalent to "minimizing" the reciprocal:
Observe that this last quantity is equal to
Thus we have
This is as small as possible precisely when the square is 0, and that happens when "x" = √("ab").
Alternatively, we might cite this as an instance of the inequality between the arithmetic and geometric means.

</doc>
<doc id="20048605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048605" title="Car Alarm (disambiguation)">
Car Alarm (disambiguation)

Car Alarm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20048607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048607" title="Far North (2007 film)">
Far North (2007 film)

Far North is an independently produced film by director Asif Kapadia, based on a short story by Sara Maitland. It was screened at various film festivals in 2007 and 2008 before a US DVD release on September 23, 2008.
Plot.
Set during an unspecified time and place in the last half of the 20th century (the only clues to the date being the wind-up radio and the type of military rifles in use), it tells of a woman (Michelle Yeoh) and her adopted daughter (Michelle Krusiec), living in the Arctic tundra. The mother's voiceover explains early on, that a shaman said she was cursed at birth and would bring harm to anyone she cared for. Flashback scenes reveal how this has previously affected her life. One day the two women find an injured, starving soldier (Sean Bean). They save him from certain death and emotions are stirred in their cozy yurt.

</doc>
<doc id="20048684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048684" title="Thought Criminals">
Thought Criminals

The Thought Criminals were an influential and enterprising Australian punk band based in Sydney. They formed in late 1977 and disbanded in late 1981. The "angular, fast and quirky punk rock" of the Thought Criminals "was a fixture in the burgeoning Sydney underground scene." The band’s name was derived from the concept of ‘thoughtcrimes’ (unapproved thoughts) from George Orwell’s book, "Nineteen Eighty-Four". The Thought Criminals exemplified the do-it-yourself punk ethos of the late 1970s, with which they combined considerable business acumen. The band members formed the Doublethink record label and agency which provided recording and live performance opportunities for other new bands. 
History.
An inner-city punk band.
The Thought Criminals were formed in late 1977 with the initial line-up of Roger Grierson ("aka" Jack Boots; guitar), Rique Lee Kendall ("aka" Matt Black; bass) and Bruce Warner ("aka" Kit Identity; vocals). Various drummers played in the band during this early period. The band’s first gigs were at Blondies in Bondi Junction in Sydney’s Eastern Suburbs. Inspired by the DIY ethic of the Desperate Bicycles, the Thought Criminals’ first recording was the EP "Hilton Bomber", with Mark Kingsmill ("aka" Jim Boots) on drums. The EP was the inaugural release on the band’s own Doublethink label.
Rique Lee Kendall left to join the Last Words and, in turn, the Last Words’ drummer, Ken Doyle ("aka" Derik Wapillspoon), joined the Thought Criminals. With the inclusion of Stephen Philip ("aka" Vivi Sector) on guitar, Roger Grierson switched to bass. By the end of 1978 John Hoey ("aka" The General) had also joined the Thought Criminals, playing keyboards.
The Thought Criminals built up a following with performances at mainly inner-city venues. The music of the Thought Criminals, in their early recordings and live performances, has been described as a "jagged, frantic sound". Their songs often had an irreverent sense of humour, perhaps exemplified by the following extract from "Fun" (1978): "Don’t want no top ten hit / Don’t want no disco shit / Just wanna have fun". 
The Thought Criminals' debut album, "Speed. Madness.. Flying Saucers…", was released in February 1980. The songs were recorded in three separate sessions spread over a period of eighteen months. The Thought Criminals' Doublethink label evolved from a record label to include agency and PR functions. Other less-established bands such as Tactics, Popular Mechanics and Sekret Sekret became incorporated within the Doublethink stable.
In 1980 the band toured beyond the precincts of their usual inner-city venues, at the end of which they announced their intention to retire from live performances. In their own words: "The band were not enamoured of the Music Business and had made a pact that when it wasn’t fun they’d call it a day – so when it wasn’t, they did". The Thought Criminals’ final gig was at Chequers in inner-city Sydney on 29 August 1980. 
In their studio phase during the following year the Thought Criminals recorded a second album, "You Only Think Twice", which "revealed the band expanding its scope with a more considered and diverse approach". In late 1981 the band played a live show at Chequers, after which the Thought Criminals disbanded. 
Roger Grierson, Warren Fahey and rock journalist Stuart Coupe set up the Green record label in the early 1980s. Grierson continued to work in band and tour management, eventually attaining the position of Managing Director of PolyGram Music Publishing, and later Chairman of Festival Records. In 1982 guitarist Stephen Philip joined Do-Ré-Mi. In 1988 keyboardist John Hoey joined Died Pretty. Bruce Warner became an animator and the drummer Ken Doyle works in computing.
Occasional resurrections.
In July 2005 a retrospective two-CD anthology ("Chrono-logical") was released, which featured all the Thought Criminals’ recordings released under the Doublethink and GREEN labels. On 4 February 2006 the band reformed for a one-off performance at the Annandale Hotel to publicise the CD. On the subject of reforming the Thought Criminals after 25 years Roger Grierson commented: "It seemed like everybody was doing it and with the release of the CD, and we put a website up to give away all the songs for free, it dragged a few people out of the woodwork".
In September 2006 the Thought Criminals took the stage again in a concert with Buzzcocks at Sydney’s Century Theatre. In February 2007 they again reformed to play with T.V. Smith of The Adverts at the Annandale Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="20048688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048688" title="Aurora Carlson">
Aurora Carlson

Aurora Carlson (born 1987, London) is a television presenter and China scholar. 
In 2007, Aurora Carlson was hired as the youngest-ever PRC Foreign Expert to China Central Television (CCTV). She hosted a weekly series called Rediscovering China, a documentary-style program exploring socio-economic changes throughout the country. The show was filmed on-location at rural and urban sites across mainland China. She conducted interviews in Mandarin Chinese, followed by English commentary. She also wrote stories for CCTV News. 
Carlson hosted a Mandarin Chinese language series broadcast daily during the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. The 24-part series is due to be published into a book, by Popular Science Press (China). 
She worked as a property management consultant to China National Offshore Oil Company (CNOOC). 
Also served as an op-ed columnist to China Daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20048700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048700" title="Cynic epistles">
Cynic epistles

The Cynic epistles are a collection of letters expounding the principles and practices of Cynic philosophy mostly written in the time of the Roman empire but purporting to have been written by much earlier philosophers.
Letters and dating.
The two main groups of letters are a set of 51 letters attributed to Diogenes of Sinope, and a set of 36 letters attributed to Crates of Thebes. None of the letters are genuine. Most of the letters of Diogenes were probably written in the 1st century BCE, whereas the letters of Crates, some of which seem to be based on the Diogenes letters, probably date from the 1st century CE. It is not known who wrote the letters, but they seem to have been written by multiple authors. Written in Koine Greek, the Epistles are among the few Cynic writings which have survived from the time of the Roman empire.
In addition to these letters, there are 10 epistles attributed to Anacharsis and 9 epistles attributed to Heraclitus. The letters of Anacharsis may have been written in the 3rd century BCE, whereas the Heraclitean letters probably date from the 1st century CE. Anacharsis and Heraclitus predate the Cynics, but they were both regarded by the Cynics to have anticipated Cynic ideals. There are also 35 "Socratic epistles" supposedly written by Socrates and his followers (Antisthenes, Aristippus, Aeschines, Xenophon, etc.), many of these letters were also written by someone with a strong affinity towards Cynic ideals, albeit with a sympathy towards Aristippus rather than Antisthenes. Other fictitious letters, such as some of those attributed to Hippocrates, could also be included among the Cynic epistles.
Content.
The Cynic epistles deal with ethical matters rather than religious ones: their purpose is not to seek the divine, but rather to seek the ethically pure life by breaking away from social norms and conventions via ascetic practices. The content of the epistles are not especially original, but probably served as a means to propagate Cynic ideology. The letters discuss different aspects of the Cynic way of life, as part of a rigorous training ("askesis"). Thus instructions and explanations are given on whom (and whom not) to emulate and how different aspects of wisdom are acquired and demonstrated, mixed in with polemics directed against people who oppose these ideals. The moral anecdotes contained in the epistles are probably examples of those used by Cynic street preachers of the time. As with much Cynic thought in the time of the Roman empire, the content of the epistles show influences from Stoicism and other philosophies.

</doc>
<doc id="20048713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048713" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 4)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 4)

The four teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Portugal qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Manuel da Luz Afonso

Head coach: Václav Jira (first match); Jozef Marko (second to sixth match)

Head coach: Ilie Oană

Head coach: Sandro Puppo

</doc>
<doc id="20048769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048769" title="Jami Deadly">
Jami Deadly

Jami Deadly (born May 18, 1979) (also credited as Jami Edwards) is an American born actress, glamour model, singer, burlesque dancer and horror host. Jami grew up in Texas where she starred in the NTTV show "Deadly Cinema", and has been featured in Lowrider, Rue Morgue, Skin Two, Marquis, Deadbeat Magazine, Ol' Skool Rodz, Bite Me, CK Deluxe, Action Magazine, and Bachelor Pad. She currently lives in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Deadly Cinema.
Jami hosted her own horror host show, "Deadly Cinema", for two seasons on NTTV. The show followed her adventures in an unknown cemetery, and featured public domain b-movies which the show's main characters would heckle. Jami's co-stars in the show included Alex Fuhrmann, Dante Martinez, Zack Beseda and Bryan Kelly. Writer, director, producer, editor and actor for the show, Matthew Muhl, once stated about making the show: "We made it, blood, sweat, tears, and all. But mostly blood". The show is currently broadcast on Roku, and the DVD of the complete series is also available.
In 2005, "Deadly Cinema" won a Texas Intercollegiate Press Association Award for "Best Television Production".
In 2006, "Deadly Cinema" and its star were both prominently featured in "Vampira: The Movie", a documentary about the late Maila Nurmi, best known as Vampira, the very first horror host.
In 2008, a comic book adaptation of "Deadly Cinema: The Movie", written by Matthew Muhl with art by Scott D.M. Simmons, was produced in celebration of the show's 5th Anniversary.
As Marilyn Monroe.
Jami is also a well-known Marilyn Monroe tribute artist. She found Monroe at an early age with Some Like It Hot. "I thought she was just incredible. She was so glamorous and talented. I was hooked," Jami says about the late actress. Jami appeared as Monroe for the State Fair of Texas in 2006. Jami's transformation into Marilyn was not an easy one. A coach helped her coax her Texas twang into Marilyn's breathiness, and she's taken singing and dancing lessons to perfect Marilyn's routines. In addition, her blond hair requires weekly peroxide applications. Jami continues to work as a tribute artist.
Modeling career.
Jami is also well known for her modeling career. She has modeled for Poison Candy, Versatile Fashions, and various other clothing companies. Jami has been photographed by companies such as 666 Photography and Varga Photography, who shot the cover for her Bachelor Pad Magazine cover. She was also a SuicideGirls model. She is a popular burlesque performer who has opened for Dita Von Teese. Jami is also one of the originators of the "neo-pinup" model. In September 2005, Jami was awarded Scream Queen of the month by screamqueen.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20048796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048796" title="Danny Schwarz">
Danny Schwarz

Danny Schwarz (born 11 May 1975 in Göppingen) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20048812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048812" title="Tuika Tuika">
Tuika Tuika

Tuika Tuika Jr. (born ?) is an American Samoan accountant and politician. He has worked for various American Samoan government offices for many years.
Tuika ran as a candidate for Governor of American Samoa in the 2008 gubernatorial election, which was held on November 4, 2008. His running mate for Lieutenant Governor was Tee Masaniai. The ticket received just 0.51 per cent of the popular vote.
Tuika announced his candidacy for Delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives in the 2010 election for United States House of Representatives election in American Samoa, but placed third behind incumbent Rep. Eni Faleomavaega.

</doc>
<doc id="20048819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048819" title="Bicha of Balazote">
Bicha of Balazote

The Bicha of Balazote is an Iberian sculpture that was found in the borough of Balazote in Albacete province (Castile-La Mancha), Spain. Bicha is a Spanish word, one meaning of which is a hybrid man/animal. Carlos Fuentes has called it the "Beast of Balazote." The sculpture has been dated to the 6th century BCE, and has been in the National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid, since 1910.
The Bicha was found at the site of Majuelos not far from the city center. Recent excavations in the Balazote plain revealed a tomb and burial mound where this piece may have originated. Nearby, important mosaics from a Roman villa were also discovered.
Carved of two limestone blocks in the second half of the 6th century BCE, the statue is 93 cm long and 73 cm high. It is a chimeric synthesis of man and a bull. The body is in repose and shows good knowledge of the traits of that animal, with the forelegs bent under the chest and hind legs tucked under the belly. The tail is curved on the left thigh and ends in a tuft of hair. The head is that of a horned, bearded man with bull's ears. Details of the sculpture are similar to archaic Greek hieratic sculpture in that the hair and beard are rendered by straight grooves.
The piece is not carved in entirely in the round; one corner appears to be ashlar and designed to adhere to some place, like the lions of Pozo Moro. It may have belonged to a tomb or temple. There is some possibility that it represents a god of fertility, as did the man-headed bull statues used by the Greeks to represent river gods which made the fields fertile. According to A. García and Bellido, the Bicha represents the Greek river god Achelous whose image on Sicilian coins it resembles. "This sculpture is a daughter of the Greeks, and if you will, granddaughter of the Phoenicians and great-granddaughter of Mesopotamia," A. García and Bellido observed in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20048843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048843" title="Nadakkal">
Nadakkal

Nadakkal is a small village, 2 km from Kalluvathukkal in Kollam, Kerala, India. It is on National Highway 47.

</doc>
<doc id="20048846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048846" title="The Foundation (Zac Brown Band album)">
The Foundation (Zac Brown Band album)

The Foundation is the first major-label studio album by the Zac Brown Band, an American country music band. It was released on November 18, 2008. Originally slated for release on the Home Grown label and Big Picture Records, the album is distributed by Atlantic Nashville in association with those two labels. The financing for the album was provided by Atlanta, GA entrepreneur Braden Copeland through his investment company Braden Copeland Ventures, LLC. On December 2, 2009, the album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album. and also earned the band the Grammy Award for Best New Artist on January 31. The album also has been nominated for the 2010 Academy of Country Music Awards "Album of the Year" award. As of the chart dated July 2, 2011, the album has sold 2,644,654 copies in the US and 1,344,654 in Europe .
Content.
The album includes five singles, starting with "Chicken Fried," which the band had previously recorded on its 2005 self-released album "Home Grown". One year later, The Lost Trailers released this song as a single on BNA Records, but the label withdrew the single after Brown changed his mind about licensing the song. The Zac Brown Band's rendition became a Number One country hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts in December 2008. 
Four further singles were released from the album — "Whatever It Is," "Toes," "Highway 20 Ride" and "Free" — the latter three of which were also Number One hits. Additionally, "A Different Kind of Fine" also entered the chart as an album cut from unsolicited airplay, where it reached number 55.
Personnel.
Coy Bowles and Chris Fryar, although members of the band, do not play on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20048859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048859" title="The Quiet War">
The Quiet War

The Quiet War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20048864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048864" title="Quiet War">
Quiet War

Quiet War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20048878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048878" title="Tee Masaniai">
Tee Masaniai

Te’e Masaniai Jr. (born ?) is an American Samoan politician and United States military retiree, Vietnam War veteran and Purple Heart recipient. 
Masaniai was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa in the 2008 gubernatorial election, as the running mate of gubernatorial candidate Tuika Tuika. The ticket received just 0.51 per cent of the popular vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20048880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048880" title="Elections in Vermont">
Elections in Vermont

Elections in Vermont are authorized under Chapter II of the Vermont State Constitution, articles 43–49, which establishes elections for the state level officers, cabinet, and legislature. Articles 50–53 establish the election of county-level officers.
Elections are regulated under state statute, Title 17. The office of the Vermont Secretary of State has an Elections Division that oversees the execution of elections under state law.
Administration.
The U.S. state of Vermont holds its state general elections on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November (better known as Election Day) in even-numbered years. As a result of this, general elections in Vermont systematically coincide with the biennial elections for the United States House of Representatives.
During general elections in Vermont, elections are held for the positions of Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Treasurer, Secretary of State, Auditor of Accounts, Attorney General, state Senator, state Representative, State's Attorney, Sheriff, and High Bailiff, County Clerk, and Probate Judge. Officials elected to these offices are elected for a term of two years.
Vermont's Governor is elected at large. State Senators, and state Representatives are elected by district; County-level officers are elected by county.
Vermont has 150 seats in its House of Representatives, and 30 seats in its Senate.
An apparent election loser, behind by 2% or less of the total votes cast, may request a recount.
The town clerks tally the ballots and report totals to the Vermont Secretary of State and the County Clerk. County clerks would be involved in official recounts under the jurisdiction of the Superior Court.
Criteria for election.
A gubernatorial candidate must achieve 50% of the popular vote in order to be elected. Failing that, there is no runoff. Instead, the legislature decides. This has happened twenty times in Vermont history. Twice in the 18th century, fourteen times in the 19th century, three times in the 20th century, and once in the 21st century.
Primaries.
Both the Vermont Secretary of State and the chairperson of the state committee of each major party certifies primary elections under Vermont Statutes, Title 17, Chapter 51, article 2592.
History.
Electorally, Republicans predominated for most of the state's history until the 1960s, even when the rest of the country was voting Democratic. Democrats have predominated at the polls since the 1970s even when most of the country was voting Republican.
In 1955, voters elected Consuelo N. Bailey Lieutenant-Governor, the first woman to be elected to that position in the country.
Voting patterns.
It has sometimes voted contrarian in national elections. In 1832, Vermont was the only state voting for a presidential candidate from the Anti-Masonic Party. It was only one of two states to vote for William Howard Taft in 1912, and Vermont and Maine were the only states to vote against Franklin D. Roosevelt in all four of his successful presidential campaigns.
Prior to 1915, Vermont held its general election in September. Because it was one of the earliest elections in the nation, it was carefully followed. National politicians campaigned in the state in the summer to influence the turnout, including Ulysses S. Grant, William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt. While the vote was assured for the Republican party at that time, the size of victory was thought by some, before polls, to predict how the national elections might go.
Republicans dominated Vermont elections from the party's founding in 1854 until the mid-1970s. From 1856 to 1988, Vermont voted Republican in every presidential election with only one exception in 1964. Vermont consecutively had Republican governors for over a century until Democrat Phillip Hoff was elected in 1962. Prior to the 1960s, rural interests dominated the legislature. As a result, cities, particularly the older sections of Burlington and Winooski, were neglected and fell into decay. People began to move out to newer suburbs. 
In the early 1960s many progressive Vermont Republicans and newcomers to the state helped bolster the state's small Democratic Party. Until 1992, Vermont had supported a Democrat for president only once since the party's founding—in Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 landslide victory against Barry Goldwater.
Modern times.
In the meantime, many people had moved in from out of state. Much of this immigration included the arrival of more liberal political influences of the urban areas of New York and New England in Vermont.
In 1980, Vermont gave third party candidate John B. Anderson 14.9% of its vote, thereby tipping the state to Republican Ronald Reagan.
In 1992, it supported Democrat Bill Clinton for president and has voted for Democrats in every presidential election since. 
Vermont gave John Kerry his fourth-largest margin of victory in 2004, behind the District of Columbia, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island. He won the state's popular vote by 20 percentage points over incumbent George W. Bush, taking 58.9% of the vote. Essex County in the state's northeastern section was the only county to vote for Bush. Vermont still remains the only state that President Bush has not visited.
On the other hand, Republican Governor Douglas won all counties but Windham in the 2006 election. Vermonters have been ticket-splitters.
Vermont's 2006 state general election was held on November 7, 2006. The state's last state primary election was held on September 12, 2006.
Vermont's 2008 state general election was held on November 4, 2008 and coincided with the 2008 US Presidential Elections. The state's primary election was held on September 9, 2008.
In 2008, the Democrats, in charge of the House, appointed Richard Westman, a Republican, to chair the Transportation Committee. When he resigned in 2009 to accept a post elsewhere, the leadership appointed another Republican, Patrick M. Brennan to that chair.
In 2008, an Associated Press poll found that Vermonters self-described themselves as "liberal" (32%) more often than any other state in the union, behind only the District of Columbia. In 2009, the state had a Cook Partisan Voting Index of D+13, tying with Hawaii to be the most Democratic state in the country, exceeded only by the District of Columbia.
In January 2010 nine Vermonters announced they were planning to run for several state offices: governor, lieutenant governor and seven seats in the state Senate on a Vermont secession platform. The candidates did not organize a formal political party organization but are running as individuals under the "Vermont Independence Party" label.
Political parties.
Vermont law requires political parties to reorganize in every odd-numbered year by electing members at town caucuses and then sending representatives to county committees, which send representatives to the state committee meeting. Statute excepts minor parties from holding county meetings. The Vermont Secretary of State maintains a list of designated major and minor parties. For the years 2011-12, they were:
Major Political Parties in Vermont
Minor Political Parties in Vermont
As of 2013, the state's governor and a majority of its legislature were Democrats. The governorship in Vermont has alternated between Democrats and Republicans since 1961. Democrat Howard Dean (1991 to 2003) is notable among governors for having run for the 2004 Democratic Presidential Nomination and having gone on to chair the Democratic National Committee.
The Vermont Progressive Party is a liberal left wing political party which has held a handful of seats in the Vermont legislature for two decades and has run candidates for numerous state and local elections. In 2009, they had five members in the Vermont House of Representatives and one member in the Vermont Senate. Progressive Bob Kiss was mayor of the largest city, Burlington from 2006-2012. It has had official recognition as a "major" political party by the state government since 1999.
As of 2013, the Libertarian Party of Vermont had two elected municipal officials.<ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20048898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048898" title="Drillham, Queensland">
Drillham, Queensland

Drillham is a town in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia. The town is located on the Warrego Highway and in the Western Downs Region local government area, north west of the state capital, Brisbane. At the 2006 census, Drillham and the surrounding area had a population of 272.
The town was established in 1878 to service the railway and was home to a camp for workers building the bridge over nearby Drillham Creek. The town and the creek were originally known as 'Delerium' due to the typhoid fever that struck this camp. Today, Drillham is a centre for the production of livestock and grains.

</doc>
<doc id="20048939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048939" title="Marquis Li of Cai">
Marquis Li of Cai

Marquis Lì of Cai (蔡厲侯) (died 863 BC), ancestral name Ji (姬), given name unknown, was the fifth ruler of the State of Cai. He was the only known son of Marquis Gōng of Cai. He was succeeded by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20048940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048940" title="Bonnie Doon railway station">
Bonnie Doon railway station

Bonnie Doon is a former railway station in Bonnie Doon, Victoria, Australia. The tracks have been removed, but some structures remain at the site of the former station.

</doc>
<doc id="20048953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048953" title="Egypt–Germany relations">
Egypt–Germany relations

Egypt–Germany relations refers to the foreign relations between Egypt and Germany. The diplomatic relations between Egypt and Germany began in December 1957.
History.
In December, 1953, the diplomatic relations between Egypt and Germany started the first technical cooperation projects including the projects of professional habilitation, laying studies of the crude iron and other metallic prospections.
Diplomatic missions.
Egypt has an embassy in Berlin, as well as consulates in Frankfurt and Hamburg. Germany has an embassy in Cairo.
Economic.
Egypt ranked third among the Arab countries trading with Germany. The German exports to Egypt totalled 2.1 billion euro in 2007. Whilst exports to Germany totalled 804 million euro.
The German investments in Egypt are concentrated in the fields of small and medium-scale industries, information technology, car assembling, energy and land reclamation. In July 2005, Egypt and Germany signed an agreement on encouraging and protecting investments.
Tourism.
Egypt is one of the most important destinations for German tourists. In 2007, German visitors to Egypt numbered over one million (1,086,000), making Germans the second-largest group of tourists after the Russians. The Egyptian Government reports continuing growth of German tourists and estimates the possibility of reaching high levels of German tourists' inflow to hit 1.2 million.
German airline Lufthansa is one of the oldest foreign airlines to operate flights from Europe to Egypt. The airline has said "These flights are serving businessmen and tourists, thus making Lufthansa a key tool boosting the bilateral economic ties between Egypt and Germany". In addition, the airline now has code-share arrangements with EgyptAir boosting travel between the nations.
Cultural.
In 1873 the Deutsche Evangelische Oberschule (German evangelic school) was established in Cairo.
The Egyptian–German cultural agreement, signed in 1959, is the major framework which organizes Egyptian–German cultural relations. Egypt and Germany also signed two agreements in 1979 and 1981 on scientific and cultural cooperation between the two countries. 
Egyptian–German cultural cooperation is characterized in the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="20048959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048959" title="Marquis Gōng of Cai">
Marquis Gōng of Cai

Marquis Gōng of Cai (Cài Gōnghóu 蔡宮侯) (? - ?), born as Ji ? (姬?), was the fourth ruler of the State of Cai. He was the only known son of Earl Huang of Cai (蔡伯荒) and close kin of King of Zhou. He was the first in the family to held the title of the "Marquis of Cai (Cai Guohou 蔡国侯)" which would be in used until the end of the State of Cai in 447 BC. He was succeeded by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20048986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048986" title="L'Intransigeant">
L'Intransigeant

"L'Intransigeant" was a French newspaper, founded in July 1880 by Henri Rochefort. Initially representing the left-wing opposition, it developed towards the right during the Boulanger affair (Rochefort supported Boulanger) and became a major right-wing newspaper by 1920s. The newspaper was vehemently anti-Dreyfusard, reflecting Rochefort's positions. In 1906 under the direction of Léon Bailby it reaches a circulation of 400,000 copies. It ceased publication after the French surrender in 1940. After the war it was shortly republished in 1947 under the name "L'Intransigeant-Journal de Paris", before merging with Paris-Presse.

</doc>
<doc id="20048997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20048997" title="Rajghat">
Rajghat

Rajghat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20049025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049025" title="Hungry Tiger Press">
Hungry Tiger Press

Hungry Tiger Press is an American specialty publisher of books, compact discs, comic books and graphic novels, focused on the works of L. Frank Baum, other authors of Oz books, and related Americana. Perhaps most notably, the Press has published rare, early, long-neglected dramatic and musical adaptations of the Oz works, featuring music by Louis F. Gottschalk, Paul Tietjens, and other composers of the early twentieth century.
Co-founded by David Maxine and Eric Shanower in 1994, the Press is run by Maxine from its San Diego headquarters. It has issued first editions and revival editions of a number of works in its genre, including:
Many of these editions feature Shanower's illustrations. Hungry Tiger also published the annual "Oz-story Magazine" from 1995 to 2000.
The Press's name and iconography derive from the Hungry Tiger, the character that Baum introduced in his third Oz book, "Ozma of Oz". (The introductory section of "Oz-story" was titled "Fat Babies for Dinner," a reference to the Hungry Tiger's never-satisfied appetite for that diet.)

</doc>
<doc id="20049035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049035" title="Hammersmith Is Out">
Hammersmith Is Out

Hammersmith Is Out is a 1972 comedy film based on the legend of Faust. It is directed by Peter Ustinov, who starred in the film alongside Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Beau Bridges, Leon Ames, and George Raft.
Plot.
Billy Breedlove (Beau Bridges) is an orderly at a Texas psychiatric hospital. He simultaneously falls under the spell of two people: a blonde waitress at a local diner named Jimmie Jean Jackson (Elizabeth Taylor) and an allegedly sociopathic hospital patient named Hammersmith (Richard Burton), who is restrained in a straitjacket within a locked cell. Hammersmith promises Billy a new life with fame and fortune if he is released from his incarceration. Billy agrees to free Hammersmith, provided that Jimmie Jean can accompany their escape. The three make their way into adventures where Hammersmith murders people and steals property as the means for elevating Billy’s social and financial status. Billy becomes the owner of a topless bar, the owner of a pharmaceutical company, an oil tycoon, the financier of political campaigns and a roving ambassador-at-large for the United States. Over time, Billy comes to loathe Jimmie Jean. However, Hammersmith takes an interest in her and grants her wish that she should be become a mother. Hammersmith arranges for Billy to become disabled in a water skiing accident, and then convinces him to commit suicide. The head of the psychiatric hospital (Peter Ustinov) locates Hammersmith and has him returned to his incarceration – where he begins to promise fame and fortune to another orderly.
Production.
"Hammersmith Is Out" was the first film financed by John Crean, the founder of Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc. a producer of recreational vehicles, travel trailers (including fold-down tent trailers) and manufactured housing. Crean told an interviewer that he ventured into the motion picture industry in search of excitement. "Boredom with business lead me into movies,” he said. “Believe me, there’s nothing boring about motion pictures."
Although the film takes place in the United States, "Hammersmith Is Out" was shot in Mexico. Director Peter Ustinov had previously worked with Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor as their co-star in the 1967 drama "The Comedians". In directing Burton, Ustinov instructed the actor to convey Hammersmith's sociopathic power by never blinking.
Release.
"Hammersmith Is Out" opened to positive reviews. Roger Ebert, writing in the "Chicago Sun-Times", called it "one of the year's best comedies” and “one of the year's best satires." Vincent Canby, reviewing the film for "The New York Times", stated the film "is both too elaborate and not quite witty enough to be especially convincing as contemporary morality comedy. However, just when the patience is at the point of exhaustion, when one might leave the theater with a clear conscience, the film comes to fitful life."
However, "Hammersmith Is Out" was not commercially successful. The film was released on VHS video in the 1980, but to date it has not been released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20049080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049080" title="Media Chinese International">
Media Chinese International

Media Chinese International Limited () (; ) is a leading Chinese language media platform targeting Chinese readers in major Chinese communities worldwide headquartered in Malaysia. Tan Sri Datuk Tiong Hiew King is the Chairman. It was formed by the merger of Ming Pao Enterprise Corporation Limited (Hong Kong), Sin Chew Media Corporation Berhad (Malaysia) and Nanyang Press Holdings Berhad (Malaysia) in April 2008. It is the first entity dually listed on the mainboards of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. "Media Chinese"'s product portfolio comprises 5 daily newspapers in 13 editions and 3 free newspapers with a total daily circulation of about 1 million copies, as well as about 30 magazines. The Group has also expanded its business into digital media. Media Chinese is the proprietor of Life Magazines, the largest Chinese language magazine publisher in Malaysia, and is the major shareholder of One Media Group Limited (listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited; stock code: 426).
Key milestones.
1923 - Nanyang Siang Pau was launched in Malaysia
1929 - Sin Chew Daily was launched in Malaysia
1946 - China Press was launched in Malaysia
1959 - Ming Pao Daily News launched in Hong Kong
1968 - Ming Pao Weekly was launched in Hong Kong
1987 - Guang Ming Daily was launched in Malaysia
1988 - Sin Chew Media Corporation Berhad taken over by Tan Sri Datuk TIONG Hiew King
1989 - Nanyang Press Holdings Berhad was listed on the Mainboard of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
1991 - Ming Pao Enterprise Corporation Limited was listed on the Mainboard of the HKEx
1993 - Ming Pao Daily News expanded to Vancouver and Toronto
1995 - Ming Pao Enterprise Corporation Limited was taken over by Tan Sri Datuk TIONG Hiew King
1997 - Ming Pao Daily News expanded to New York
2000 - Yahoo!took equity stake in mingpao.com
2004 - Ming Pao Daily News expanded to San Francisco
2004 - One Media Group is formed to publish and operate its lifestyle magazines in the Greater China region
2004 - Sin Chew Media Corporation Berhad was listed on the main board of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
2005 - Ming Pao Enterprise Corporation Limited spun off One Media Group; which was successfully listed on the HKEx
2007 - Ming Pao Enterprise entered into a merger agreement with Sin Chew Media and Nanyang Press Holdings
2008 - Ming Pao Enterprise Corporation Limited completed the merger with Sin Chew Media Corporation Berhad and Nanyang Press Holdings Berhad to create Media Chinese International Limited
2008 - Media Chinese International Limited was dully listed on the HKEx and Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
2009 - Ming Pao Daily News New York Edition merged with its free daily to become Ming Pao (NY) Free Daily
2009 - Ming Pao Daily News San Francisco Edition ceased its publication
2009 - Media Chinese established a partnership with IATOPIA.COM in e-publication technologies and content management system
2009 - Media Chinese tapped China's mobile reading market through an investment in ByRead
Vision and business direction.
The major corporate value of "Media Chinese" is "Global Affairs．Chinese Perspective", which is to present a comprehensive yet objective in Chinese perspective on global issues to the Chinese communities around the world. As one of the key global Chinese-language media operators, a four-pronged strategy has been set to achieve the objective of "from local to global" and "from print to multimedia". Firstly, "Media Chinese" will continue to capture the organic growth in the home markets by further developing and improving the existing products. Secondly, the Group will continue to implement and integrate local operations especially in Malaysia, and to better exploit synergistic benefits by unlocking growth potentials of the existing content assets. Thirdly, the Group will embark on the full capabilities in bringing foreign contents into China and exporting established home-grown contents to other Chinese speaking communities. And fourthly, the Group will actively develop and expand the multimedia content deliveries via non-print channels.
Key publications.
"Media Chinese" has 5 well-established Chinese language newspapers.
Ming Pao Daily News (Chinese: 明報)
Launched on 20 May 1959, Ming Pao Daily News reports and analyzes economic, political and social events in the world. Editions are available in Hong Kong, Toronto, Vancouver, New York and San Francisco. Ming Pao Daily News is one of the most influential and credible newspapers in Hong Kong.
Sin Chew Daily (Chinese: 星洲日報)
Launched on 15 January 1929, Sin Chew Daily ranks the first in terms of circulation and readership in Peninsular Malaysia. It is also the largest Chinese language newspaper in Southeast Asia in terms of circulation.
China Press (Chinese: 中國報)
Launched on 1 February 1946. On 19 May 1990, China Press launched evening paper and it holds the largest market share in evening paper market.
Guang Ming Daily (Chinese: 光明日報)
Launched on 18 December 1987, Guang Ming Daily is a leading Chinese language newspaper in the Northern region of Peninsula Malaysia. In 1994, its circulation network expanded to the whole Malaysia and it ranks the third in terms of circulation and readership in Peninsula Malaysia.
Nanyang Siang Pau (Chinese: 南洋商報)
Launched on 6 September 1923, Nanyang Siang Pau is the oldest Chinese daily in Malaysia. It is also one of the largest Chinese dailies which ranks the fourth in terms of circulation and readership in Peninsular Malaysia.
Other publications.
"Media Chinese" has over 30 magazine titles comprising categories of entertainment and lifestyle, technology, children and automotive.
"Yazhou Zhoukan" (Chinese: 亞洲周刊) - published weekly, and is the world's only Chinese language international affairs magazine
"Ming Pao Weekly (HK Edition)" (Chinese: 明報周刊) - published weekly, and is a premium lifestyles and entertainment magazines in Hong Kong
"TopGear (HK Edition)" (Chinese: 極速誌) - unique magazine mixture of entertainment and car-buying information
"Popular Science" (Chinese: 科技新時代) - it leads the field of science and technology publish in Mainland China
"TopGear (China Edition)" (Chinese: 汽車測試報告) - showcase for the finest and enthralling automobiles
"Bintang Sin Chew" (Chinese: 小星星周刊) - is the most popular national full-color children's weekly in Malaysia
"Sinaran Sin Chew" (Chinese: 星星周刊) - published weekly, is a student publication recommended by the Ministry of Education
"Cahaya Sin Chew" (Chinese: 學海周刊) - it conducts campaign to encourage secondary school students to take Chinese exams
There are another 21 magazine titles published under the Life Magazines, which is a member of the Nanyang Press Group. They include "Feminine" (Chinese: 風采), "New Tide" (Chinese: 新潮), "Oriental Cuisine" (Chinese: 美味風采), "New Icon for Him" (Chinese: 時尚男人), "Long Life" (Chinese: 大家健康), etc.
Other businesses.
Ming Pao Publications - specializes in politics, economy, history and literature publications and book series
Ming Man Publications - channel to publish the works of aspiring and talented authors
Charming Holidays & Delta Tour - famous travel agency in Hong Kong and with business spans across North America
Kin Ming Printing - based in Hong Kong and Guangzhou, China
Websites.
Media Chinese's product has various online portals across key cities in North America, Southeast Asia and Greater China.

</doc>
<doc id="20049082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049082" title="Christian Oberth">
Christian Oberth

Christian Oberth (1953?–2012) was a game programmer and the creator of a number of software titles, including games for the Apple II family of personal computers published in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Software.
Programma
The Elektrik Keyboard 1978-79
Milton Bradley 1979-80
Stern Electronics 1981-83
Datamost 1983
Microlab 1984
Epyx 1985
Mindscape 1987-88, 1990
Gametek 1992
Incredible Technologies 1995-1997
Electronic Arts 2001

</doc>
<doc id="20049107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049107" title="Kamrul Islam Rabbi">
Kamrul Islam Rabbi

Kamrul Islam Rabbi is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for Barisal Division.
Rabbi made his first-class debut in October 2008 against Sylhet Division. He did not bat in the match, and bowled sixteen overs, taking figures of 3-33.
He played for Barisal Burners in the Bangladesh Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20049128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049128" title="Johnson&amp;Jonson">
Johnson&amp;Jonson

Johnson&Jonson is a group that consists of rapper Blu and producer Mainframe. They released an album called "Johnson&Jonson" under Tres Records on September 23, 2008. It consists of soulful loop samples such as "Hold on John" where Blu sheds light on personal struggles. The album was originally named "Powders & Oils" and had 21 tracks instead of 16. The Powders & Oils mix is expected to be officially released sometime in the future, as well as "Kinda' Busty" 12", "Mama Told Me"/"Hold On John" 12", and "The Only Way/"Half A Knot" 12".

</doc>
<doc id="20049142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049142" title="Fifth Overture">
Fifth Overture

Fifth Overture is a studio album by The Adicts. It was originally released in Germany on SL Records (a division of Gama) in 1986. It was reissued by Captain Oi! in 2002 and included the tracks from the "Bar Room Bop" EP. The original record has become one of the Adicts' most sought after collector's items. 

</doc>
<doc id="20049161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049161" title="California Legacy Project">
California Legacy Project

The California Legacy Project (CLP) began in 2000 as a project at Santa Clara University (SCU) in Santa Clara, CA and later partnered with Heyday Books in Berkeley, CA. The project uses a research team of SCU interns to create radio scripts for the radio anthology "Your California Legacy" on KAZU 90.3 FM, Pacific Grove. This anthology broadcasts nearly 500 literary segments ranging from Gold Rush narratives to Beat poetry. Project interns also develop reader guides to accompany books released by the California Legacy Series (CLS). These supplemental guides include timelines, discussion questions, and additional reading suggestions.
CLS, a component of CLP, focuses on the literature of California’s past, publishing reprints, new anthologies, and single-author readers. Notable authors in the series include Mary Austin, Ambrose Bierce, Toshio Mori, John Muir, and Wallace Stegner. In addition to publishing, CLP also organizes a variety of presentations, panel discussions, and public readings throughout the state, highlighting the culture, heritage, and history of California.
Mission.
The general objective of The California Legacy Project is "to raise public awareness and appreciation for our state's cultural legacy and to encourage faculty and students in their creative and scholarly interest in Californian culture."
California Legacy Series.
Jaime de Angulo
Mary Austin
Ambrose Bierce
Sally Carrighar
Louise Amelia Knapp Smith Clappe
William Leon Dawson
William Everson
Eliza Farnham
Helen Hunt Jackson
Georgiana Bruce Kirby
Harriet Lane Levy
Jack London
William Lewis Manly
Frank Marryat
Carey McWilliams
Toshio Mori
John Muir
Walter Nordhoff
Josiah Royce
William Saroyan
Charles Melville Scammon
Upton Sinclair
Lincoln Steffens
Wallace Stegner
George R. Stewart
Bayard Taylor
Mark Twain
Judy Van der Veer
Harry Leon Wilson
Additional works:

</doc>
<doc id="20049184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049184" title="Hogging">
Hogging

Hogging can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20049224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049224" title="HM Prison Featherstone">
HM Prison Featherstone

HM Prison Featherstone is a Category C men's prison, located in the village of Featherstone (near Wolverhampton), in Staffordshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Featherstone Prison was constructed on property previously owned by the Ministry of Defence. Brinsford Prison was opened on the same site, adjacent to Featherstone in 1991.
In a 2001 study by the Prison Reform Trust, Featherstone Prison was revealed to have the highest number of drug-using prisoners in the UK. 34% of all inmates in the jail admitted to taking drugs. A year later it was revealed that inmates were brewing their own beer using Marmite, with fruit and vegetables also being used to make alcoholic drinks. However the governor of the day Mike Pasco stated that, while not condoning the practice, he found it preferable to the inmates smuggling hard drugs into the prison.
In 2004, a report by Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that the drug problems at Featherstone had been "turned around", and that the prison "was largely calm and efficient with little bullying". However the report also warned that improvements had not been made without a cost, as the new emphasis on security "pervaded the life" of the prison, creating an "over-controlled" environment.
In 2006 another report by the Chief Inspector criticised Featherstone Prison for its overcrowding and poor environment, "with poorly-managed strip searches and too many prisoners being locked in cells during the day."
In 2007 a government study found that Featherstone Prison had the highest percentage of inmates in the UK testing positive for opiates such as heroin. During the study, prisoners were randomly tested throughout the UK over a three-month period, and 16.7% of the inmates tested at Featherstone had been taking opiates.
The prison today.
An adult Category C Closed Training prison, Featherstone Prison has single and double cells. The prison offers education, workshops, Physical Education, Enhanced Thinking Skills programmes, Welfare to Work programmes, a Job Club, community projects and a Listeners Scheme to its prisoners, who are required to work as directed by the Labour Board. 
There is a Visitors Centre outside the prison which has toilets, refreshments and children's play area.

</doc>
<doc id="20049234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049234" title="Rottweiler (film)">
Rottweiler (film)

Rottweiler is a 2004 science fiction horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and starring Paulina Gálvez, Paul Naschy and Ivana Baquero.
Plot.
In 2004 a prisoner named Dante (William Miller) and his inmate escape from a punishment camp in southern Spain. Prison Warden Kufard (Paul Naschy), who never had a prisoner escape, lets a Rottweiler (the film's monster antagonist) loose, who has been beaten at a young age and is out for a gruesome revenge as it becomes an indestructible cyborg. After having its fur and flesh burned off as a result of a helicopter crash, it tackles Dante in its robtic skeletal form. They disappear beneath the flames and the Warden catches up to Dante and brutally beats him, kicking him to lay in the sand. The Warden initially says that it isn't over, setting up for a sequel, but the camera pans to the cyborg dog, whose eye slowly shuts down like a power button on a monitor.
Critical reception.
Allmovie called the film "a killer cyborg dog flick that's filled with more sleeping pills than chilling thrills" and "an obvious misstep for Yunza ["sic"], whose past successes are fastly fading in time. Do yourself a favor and leave this dog bone of a mess alone – you'll be happy that you did."

</doc>
<doc id="20049257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049257" title="Oxford International College">
Oxford International College

Oxford International College (O.I.C.) is a private tutorial college based in central Oxford for girls and boys from 15 to 18 years. The school teaches GCSE and A-Level courses to prepare students for entry into British universities.
The Principal of the school is Dr. Mario Peters.
Teaching is based on the tutorial system employed by Oxford and Cambridge Universities, with tuition taking place on a one-to-one basis, or in pairs. The school has a particular emphasis on international students, who are given assistance with visa applications and provided with special courses on adapting to study in the UK.
Students stay with local families as part of a 'homestay' or in a new hall of residence.
Academic achievement is very high. Results for the A-level programme in 2007 were: 87% grade A, 98% grade A/B, with 100% grade A-C.
The first campus in China of Oxford International College was established in Chengdu, China in 2011. The second campus in China was set up in Changzhou, China in 2012. Both of them are boarding schools focusing on providing Chinese students with a high-standard British education. 
Oxford International College of Chengdu is located in Chenghua District of Chengdu, open to both Chinese and foreign students.
Oxford International College of Changzhou is also open to Chinese and foreign students. Both were founded in cooperation with BE Education Ltd with strong support from the local governments, including the Wujin and Changzhou Governments.

</doc>
<doc id="20049269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049269" title="Philipp Tschauner">
Philipp Tschauner

Philipp Tschauner (born 3 November 1985 in Schwabach) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for St. Pauli.
On 1 April 2013, in the last moments of a 2. Bundesliga match at home against SC Paderborn 07 with St. Pauli trailing 1–2, Tschauner scored off a corner kick to tie the match. It was his first ever goal in professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="20049309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049309" title="Barbados and CARICOM">
Barbados and CARICOM

The nation of Barbados has been an avid supporter of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM). Barbados was one of the four founding members in 1973 which then along with Guyana, Jamaica, and Trinidad & Tobago moved to establish the organisation then known as the Caribbean Community and Common Market. This new organisation became a successor to the Caribbean Free Trade Association (CARIFTA) of which Barbados was also a member. The incoming representative of Barbados to CARICOM is Robert Bobby Morris, who will replace Dennis Kellman on 1 December 2011.
Within the CARICOM quasi-cabinet, the Barbadian head of government's responsibility is as the lead Head of Government for the Caribbean Single Market & Economy (CSME) in CARICOM. The former prime minister of Barbados Owen Arthur strongly lobbied the CARICOM heads to push the organisation beyond the goal of a mere Common market and instead transform it to a Caribbean one-Single Market and Economy.
Several organisations of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) organisation are physically based in Barbados including:
Barbados also maintains a Cabinet level position to the Caribbean Community.
For its own purposes the CARICOM organisation classifies its members as either More Developed Countries or Less developed countries. Barbados is classified as fitting into More Developed Country (MDC) range. As such, Barbados is a large stake holder in the CARICOM Regional Development Fund for other CARICOM member states to borrow.
Accreditation.
The seat of Barbadian non-resident accreditation to the other countries of CARICOM is from Bridgetown, and is the same for all members. No members of CARICOM currently maintain resident accreditation to Bridgetown, Barbados. The accreditation to Barbados is the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20049315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049315" title="Morrisson">
Morrisson

Morrisson K. (formerly known as Morrisson) is an American singer, songwriter, producer and musician. A California native, he is currently based in the San Francisco Bay Area. After producing several demos in the 90's, his earliest official releases were underground deep, soulful house tracks for veteran DJ/Producer Julius Papp on Julius' NeoDisco label.
Morrisson's first solo release was a high-energy, disco-house track called "Love of My Life", which reached #15 on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot Dance Airplay in February 2006. It was featured as the club scene music in NBC's "The New Normal" season 1, episode 2, "Sofa's Choice". His self-financed full-length debut album "After My Love" was released in 2009. Morrisson frequently performed live in California as well as having performed around the world in such places as Playa del Carmen, Mexico; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore, Thailand; and Shanghai.
However, by the beginning of 2011, the evolution of Morrisson K. saw his musical endeavors beginning to change drastically moving away from electronic dance music and toward a completely different genre of music. Having re-discovered his passion for playing bass guitar, The new music of Morrisson K. is now early 80's influenced indie rock/post-punk revival. A full-length album is in the works and will be released under the moniker Dawn Of Eros.
References.
1. Billboard Hot Dance Airplay (February 4, 2006) pg.49 <br> 2. www.tillatemagazine.com (July 2011) pg.62

</doc>
<doc id="20049341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049341" title="St. Anne's Church (Annapolis, Maryland)">
St. Anne's Church (Annapolis, Maryland)

St. Anne's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Church Circle, Annapolis. The first church in Annapolis, it was founded in 1692 to serve as the parish church for the newly created Middle Neck Parish, one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland.
History.
First church, colonial era: 1704-1775.
St. Anne's was founded in 1692 after the passing of the Establishment Act. The Act allowed for the construction of the State House, King William's School, and St. Anne's, though due to the limited work force and insufficient funds, all of the projects were finished much later than expected.
Work on St. Anne's started out slowly. In 1699 the General Assembly specified that the dimensions of the church were to be and with a porch and a tower that would hang a bell. But due to the insufficient funds, no progress was made until 1700, when the government invested enough money to being construction. By 1704, the church was finished, though some changes were made in the structure. It served Chapel River until 1715, when the Province of Maryland was returned to Lord Baltimore. A bell was donated to St. Anne's by Queen Anne, which would call parishioners to mass until it was destroyed by fire in 1858.
Since St. Anne's was often referred to by writers of the time as a "barn" rather than a "proper place of worship", many locals asked the government for a new church in 1775. Their wish was granted, and in late 1775, the church was razed.
In 1758, Benedict Swingate Calvert (c.1730-1788), the illegitimate son of Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore, the third Proprietor Governor of Maryland
was married to his cousin, Elizabeth Calvert, in St Anne's Church, by the Reverend John Gordon. Elizabeth was the daughter of Maryland Governor Captain Charles Calvert Butler.
Second church: 1792-1858.
After the original church was razed, the local government made plans to build a new church which was to be designed by Joseph Horatio Anderson, who was the architect of the State House. Unfortunately, construction had to be cancelled since it was planned at the beginning of the Revolutionary War. The bricks and timber that were to be used to build to new church were sent to the Severn River to build a fort, and most of the work force went off to fight. During the War, St. Anne's parishioners worshiped at St. William's School, but as that began to become inadequate, a building was built on West Street as a temporary place for worship.
After the War officially ended with the Treaty of Paris in 1783, the newly founded United States went into economic depression due to severe war debts and dislocation of accustomed trading patterns. This cause a further delay on the new church building's construction. Finally, in 1792, the new St. Anne's church was finished. It was much larger and more structurally secure than it predecessor. It was consecrated in 1792 by Bishop of Maryland Thomas John Claggett, the first Bishop of Maryland and a curate in the old church.
On February 14, 1858, a furnace fire practically destroyed the interior of the building. Most of the original documents from the old church burned, and a new church building was requested.
Third church: 1858-present.
The third and final church was built in 1858. It was designed in a Romanesque Revival style and incorporated a portion of the old tower. Most of the church was built in that year apart from the steeple which was finished in 1866 due to the Civil War. This is St. Anne's current church building.

</doc>
<doc id="20049348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049348" title="Technological University of Panama">
Technological University of Panama

The Technological University of Panama, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá (UTP) in Spanish, is the second largest university in Panama. It is a state university comprising six faculties in seven campuses nationwide. The main campus is a 60-hectare piece of land located in Panama City, the country’s capital city.
History.
The Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá (UTP) is the highest hierarchy public institution, regarding higher education in Panama. It was formerly the Engineering School of the University of Panama, which in 1975 became Polytechnic Institute and due to the need of a new model of university, it became the Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, by means of Law 18 of August, 13th, 1981.
On October 9 th, 1984 the Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá was definitively organized by means of Law 17. Law 57 of July 26, 1996 modifies and adds to Law 17 of 1984. 
Since class of 1981, the nation has received uninterruptedly the delivery of more than 43,000 professionals from the UTP; who with their knowledge, skills and vision, contribute to the development of the Republic of Panama. UTP started with six bachelor degrees and fifteen technical careers. Currently it offers forty-three (43) advanced careers, twenty-eight (28) bachelor degrees and twenty-one (21) technical careers. 
The synergy created with the Panamanian Government, private sector and society allows the UTP to maintain a state of the art academic offer and to contribute efficiently with the technological and social development of the country. Valuable links developed with prestigious academic institutions, research centers, organizations and corporations of other countries, ensure a successful participation in the global village.
Its current academic offer is the best evidence of institutional growth. There are 131 careers at different levels, as follows: 2 Doctorate studies, 40 master degrees, 26 postgraduated courses, 1 Professor Career, 4 Specializations, 8 Diplomas, 14 Bachelor degrees in Engineering, 14 Bachelor Degrees, 8 Bachelor Degrees in Technology and 14 Technical careers. Regarding demand, it has increased from 5,735 students on 1981 to 18,000 on 2011. 
It has a Faculty of 1,234 professors, 30% of them teaching full-time and an administrative crew of 1,200 people. UTP is the national leader in engineering research; and a reference point of expertise in technology.
External links.
Official website (in Spanish): www.utp.ac.pa

</doc>
<doc id="20049376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049376" title="Chess Crusade">
Chess Crusade

Chess Crusade is a video game of the board game genre developed in 2008 by Slam Games. "Chess Crusade" follows the game of chess featuring animations between chess pieces, as these medieval themed characters confront each other on the chess board. As the pieces move around the board, they meet with intense animated combat moves in an effort to overpower or be trembled. The entertaining and creative artistic style makes Chess Crusade a game that everyone can enjoy.
Chess Crusades.
Chess Crusade was never released, and was re-tooled into "Chess Crusades" and released in 2010 for the iPad.
History.
This game Chess Crusade is based on a chess board game, which is a reenactment of the Crusades. This is a series of war fought primarily in the Holy Land usually between the Roman Catholics of Western Europe and the Muslims of the Middle East. Also, it was a medieval military mission performed by the Europeans to recover the Holy land from the Muslims in the 11th – 13th century.
In order for a crusade to be ensured it had to be reinforced by the Pope first. In this case, you as a gamer are the pope and you are the official starter of the crusade/game. As an official starter, you can also pick which opposition you want to support, the Catholics or the Muslims. However, each side accompanies a different monarch. King Charles leads the catholic side and Saladin leads the Muslim side. These kings are alongside their queens, who are probably their spouse. To further enhance their army, the king is attended with knights, rooks, and bishops, who are the king’s loyal henchmen. Finally, for the king’s defence, the pawns are asserted in a form of the king’s soldiers.
Gameplay.
This game is a reenactment of the Crusades that occurred centuries ago but Slam Games did not emphasized on the history behind the war. They took the basic idea of the war and gave the game pieces a role of a medieval figure. Although, there is no medieval rivalry, there is an old school competitiveness of good vs. evil.
Stereotypically chosen, the evil army is represented by the black colour and the good is symbolized by white. These cartoon-style medieval armies appear evil due to the role of the pieces accommodating the armies. For example, the bishops are witches for the black army and mages for the white army. This game is played just like the original game of chess with the same rules but there is one little twist to this game. With every chess piece you takeover, the game cuts into an animated clip where one piece devours another piece in a creative yet funny way. This gives the game a meaning and a reason for the consumer to keep playing the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20049427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049427" title="Undeniable (Chipmunks album)">
Undeniable (Chipmunks album)

Undeniable is a 2008 album by The Chipmunks. Its release was connected to the version of the Alvin and the Chipmunks franchise from the 2007 film "Alvin and the Chipmunks", but contains no music from the film. It was released on November 4, 2008, as the follow-up to the "".
The album features remakes to some of their old hits as well as some new covers, such as the theme song to the 1980s television series of the same name.
Track Listing.
"* - denotes original Chipmunk song"
Reception.
"Undeniable" peaked at No. 78 on the Billboard 200 albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20049493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049493" title="NZ Performance Car">
NZ Performance Car

NZ Performance Car is a monthly automobile magazine and website, and is the biggest selling automotive and men’s lifestyle magazine in New Zealand.
As Parkside Media’s second title, it has eclipsed the success of NZ Classic Car. NZ Performance Car has evolved with the times, promoting the import drag racing scene, building the drifting scene and supporting modified car events such as Auto Salon and dB Drag Racing.
Issue 1 of the magazine was bundled free with NZ Classic Car issue 66 (June 1996), and featured a Series 4 Mazda RX-7 on the cover.
Change in focus.
The magazine’s focus has evolved from initially covering all high performance cars, including Australian V8s, to Japanese import cars, and more recently import car culture and associated activities (BMX, FMX, interviews with local and international musicians, etc.).
Early issues featured cars such as Holden Toranas alongside Mitsubishi Galant VR4s.
Magazine contents.
Modified car features.
The extent that a car is required to be modified has steadily increased since the first issues. While 300 hp was considered to be a huge amount of power when the magazine started, 300 kW may not even secure a spot as a feature car, unless the rest of the car is outstanding or unusual.
This is not to say that NZ Performance Car solely focuses on power, but power figures are part of a more holistic approach considered when modifying a car.
New car features.
Less common are new car road tests. Recent examples have included the Mazda RX-8, Mini Cooper John Cooper Works (JCW), and BMW 135i.
Cover girls.
Female nudity in association with the magazine has polarised readers. The magazine took an online poll at the end of 2008, the results of which found that more than 80% of readers wanted to keep the cover girl.
Cars were originally graded using a Jane-o-meter (a picture of Jane with a ranking from one to ten). This method was scrapped after car owners became reluctant to have their cars featured in case it received a low mark.
Poster.
Two posters (a double-sided A2) have been included in most issues of the magazine since issue 80.
Event coverage.
Drag racing, drifting, rallying, Super Lap, Japanese Super GT, hillclimbing, touring cars, auto salon, auto shows and club events are covered, as long as the racing includes Japanese cars.
Driver and celebrity interviews.
Local and international drivers have been interviewed such as Ken Block, Rhys Millen, Mike Whiddett, Sébastien Loeb, Linkin Park/Fort Minor and Nathalie Kelly (from Fast n Furious Tokyo Drift),
Regular sections.
Readers’ letters, a technical question and answer section, equipment information, CD/DVD/game reviews, and a lifestyle section with clothing and related culture.
Chop shop.
A monthly Photoshop competition is run. An image of a standard car is modified in Photoshop to adopt a certain theme or style, such as hakosuka, rally, etc. In issue 144 readers were invited to Photoshop a Chevrolet Volt into a Pro Import drag racing vehicle.
Growth.
Readership peaked at 336,000 in 2007. To address the fall in readership since then NZ Performance Car was relaunched with perfect binding, a new logo, and a broader focus on the import car culture in issue 132, December 2007
Notable contributors.
Karl Burnett, Ewen Gilmour
Special issues.
Drop! (previous Street Style).
"Drop!" features hardcore modified show cars, auto salon features, and SPL competitions (db Drag Racing). The emphasis on Japanese imports is less. Previous featured cars have included a Jaguar, a Buick, a Nash Metropolitan, and several types of minitruck.
Drift Factor.
"Drift Factor" is a drifting special with driver interviews, in-depth profiles on drifting and the cars, and how-tos on starting in drifting.
Raceline (previously Race Style).
Dedicated to circuit racing, rallying, hillclimbing, drifting and drag racing.
Yearbook.
The Yearbook is a round up of the scene and also contains many of the similar features to the magazine.
Posterbook.
A posterbook has been produced yearly since 2005 with 12 A2 posters of cars and/or cover models
Spine art.
For 2008 collecting all the issues created an NZ Performance Car logo when stacked together. This was to highlight the transition to perfect binding.
Website.
NZ Performance Car relaunched its website in July 2007 with a web 2.0 site featuring video, blogs, forums, news, articles, cover girls, event coverage and more.
Users can register to the site, start a blog, upload their own media, and generally interact with the site.
Daily news articles are available weekdays which are additional to magazine content. Full magazine articles are available from previous issues, often including additional photos and information (including videos) that could not be fitted into the magazine.
Some writers run blogs on the website, such as Peter Kelly’s Pedeyworld, and a forum is run as a subsite to encourage user interaction.
Users can purchase books and DVDs related to the magazine’s content, as well as back issues and subscriptions in the online shop.
Social networking sites.
A Facebook fan page, Bebo page (for NZ Drift Series), and Youtube channel exist.
Games.
NZ Performance Car has produced several online games:
Drift Legends.
Drift Legends is a drifting game which features New Zealand tracks as well as custom tracks. Players can submit their score to a score board
Super Lap Legends.
Super Lap Legends was released to coincide with Super Lap. It features New Zealand racetracks in a time trial format
Midnight Sting.
Midnight Sting is a shoot ‘em up whereby players protect their ride from damage in a dark alley.
Britney’s Rehab Run.
Britney’s Rehab Run is a shoot ‘em up which sees the player attempt to get Britney Spears to rehab past scores of paparazzi.
Mobile.
A free opt-in text club which has more than 23,000 members is utilised to disseminate special offers from sponsors, and promote the magazine, games and events.
NZ Performance Car is also one of the largest suppliers of mobile content (ringtones, screen wallpapers and the like) via Vodafone’s network.
NZ Performance Car TV.
NZ Performance Car TV is a free-to-air television program in its eighth series. It has had airtime on TV ONE, TV2, Prime and Sky Sports, often simultaneously which is unique in its genre. Each series consists of 13 episodes. Two series are usually screened per year.
First airing in 2004 the series has evolved to match the changing tastes of the import car scene. Series 8 had a large focus on drifting.
Events.
NZ Drift Series.
The NZ Drift Series is a drifting motorsport series run on New Zealand tracks. It made its debut in 2007 with a professionally run, five-round championship series.
Super Lap.
Parkside Media organised the first Super Lap event at Taupo Motorsport Park in April 2007. Scott Kreyl in a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo VIII took the overall win. At the second event at Pukekohe in March 2008 Kreyl successfully defended his title.
The third Super Lap returned to Taupo Motorsport Park in 2008 where Kreyl suffered mechanical problems and failed to place.
New Zealand Bikini Model Search.
Toured throughout in New Zealand in 2007, the NZ Bikini Model Search culminated in a grand final in Auckland.
Import All-Stars.
Every summer, NZ Performance Car organises the biggest import drag racing event of the year at Fram Autolite Dragway, Meremere, Import All-Stars. Guest competitors are invited from Australia to race against New Zealand’s quickest imports.
Drag Masters.
Drag Masters, run in 2005, was a V8 vs. import drag racing event held at Fram Autolite Dragway, Meremere.
Performance Car of the Year.
Performance Car of the Year is a competition with 12 performance cars where users text their vote.
Awards.
Cam Leggett, designer since issue 68 has won two awards for Designer of the Year at the MPA Awards in the Special Interest Category in 2007 and 2008.
Controversy.
NZ Performance Car magazine has typically been criticised by groups not in favour of import car culture, or those concerned about ‘boy racer’ activity.
In June 2008, editorial assistant Peter Kelly organised a meeting in Hamilton to scout for feature cars. News quickly spread via text and over 1000 people descended on The Base. Despite attempts by NZ Performance Car to warn the police, messages went unanswered.

</doc>
<doc id="20049494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049494" title="Hamudi Salman">
Hamudi Salman

Mahmoud "Hamudi" Salman ( ; born 26 July 1979) is an Israeli of Palestinian heritage or Arab-Israeli professional association football (soccer) player who is currently contracted to Israeli club Hapoel Jerusalem.
Background.
Salman has two brothers, Amer and Mussa, both of whom also became professional footballers with Hapoel Jerusalem.
Playing career.
Midway through the Liga Leumit season of 2008/09, Salman made national news when he deserted the club and stated his intention to continue playing football for Jebel al-Mukaber of the Palestinian West Bank Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20049505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049505" title="Health informatics in China">
Health informatics in China

Health informatics in China () is about the Health informatics or Medical informatics or Healthcare information system/technology in China.
The main review and assessment of health informatics in China for the WHO-Health Metrics Network was conducted in 2006 which details Provincial assessments, developing strategic plan outline, improving community health monitoring system, household surveys, routine health statistics system.
Due to the Health Informatization Development Plan, all hospitals are required to increase investment in building digitized hospitals. This requirement is expected to accelerate the growth of China's HIT market by about 25 to 30% a year during 2006-2010.
By the end of 2006, China’s investment in its healthcare information systems (HIS) had increased by nearly 16 percent to RMB 5.8 billion, year-on-year. This amount accounts for approximately 0.5% of the country’s total healthcare expenditures of RMB 866 billion during the same period.
The market size is expected to expand to approximately RMB 15 billion in 2010. The development of China’s HIT industry is generally considered to be at a preliminary stage, resembling that of western countries 20 years ago. However, as China learns more about available and emerging technologies, it now has the opportunity to leapfrog ahead.
Healthcare overview.
Expenditure.
China spent $97 billion, or 5.6% of its GDP, on healthcare in 2004. As previously stated, public spending on healthcare remains low; public spending in 2004 accounted for only 17% of total healthcare expenditure while out-of-pocket expenses reached 53.6%.
Coverage.
About 130 million people are covered under the National Social Insurance Program for Urban Employees, a program established in 2005. Another 50 million people are covered through government insurance. Yet less than 30% of the China’s population has medical insurance. Indeed, over 40% of the urban population and 57% of people in rural areas have no coverage at all.
Infrastructure.
China's current healthcare system is primarily composed of large public hospitals, supplemented by a small number of private, for-profit hospitals. As of 2005, there were 18,703 hospitals in China. Among them, 2,027 were private hospitals (10.83%). Chinese hospitals can be divided into three categories: general hospitals (70%), traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) hospitals (14%), and specialty hospitals (16%).
In addition, China has 5,895 outpatient facilities: 1,266 outpatient facilities and 541 traditional medicine facilities. As of 2005 China had 1,938,272 registered doctors who are primarily employed by hospitals.
History.
Economic reforms in the early 1980s resulted in major changes in China's healthcare system, especially as a result of the dismantling of the rural cooperative medical system. After being given considerable financial independence, hospitals began to generate the majority of their income through user fees, a practice that continues today. Healthcare is now provided on a fee-for-service basis. The pricing structure attempts to facilitate equity by providing basic care below cost, with profits reaped through the (often excessive) sale of drugs and high-technology services; this structure leads to inefficiency and inappropriate patient care. Healthcare insurance coverage in China is low, with less than 30% of the population receiving any medical insurance.
China's health information technology HIT development has a brief history. Development commenced in the mid-1990s with financial management systems; only in the last five years or so have clinical systems been implemented. China has made progress in a relatively short time period, but weak application software and a scarcity of implementation skills delay further progress. Most Chinese hospitals are attempting to dramatically improve and extensively digitize their work processes in the near future.
Project on Construction of National Public Health Information System.
The work group of the Ministry of Health for information construction has drafted the Project on Construction of National Public Health Information System. The "Project" confirmed the guideline, objectives and principles of public health information system construction, proposed framework for further actions. On September 17, 2003, information construction workgroup of the Ministry of Health held a Meeting via television and telephone on construction of public health information system in China. The agenda included a work report in the field of information construction of the Ministry of Health, the introduction of Construction Project of the National Public Health Information System (Draft) and a report from the National Center of Disease Control on relevant requirements of SARS report system via network.
Mortality statistics.
As part of a major revamp of its health information system, China is merging two systems for collecting mortality data to gain a more accurate picture of how many people die and why. Cause-of-death data are playing an increasingly important role in the public health policy of China. Recently, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention took part in a research project led by the Center for Statistics of the Ministry of Health on the disease burden and long-term health problems in China; the results were dramatic.
HIT Adoption.
Health information technology is now entering its second software generation in China, and IT usage in hospitals resembles that of the late 1970s in the United States. Most hospitals in China incorporate IT software into their payment and billing systems, and many have also begun integrating IT into clinical systems in the past five years.
The use of IT in clinical systems has emerged on a departmental basis. As a result of inexperience with IT infrastructure, however, hospitals have encountered several obstacles. Fragmentation, duplicative systems, and poor integration between diverse software systems have created "information islands" that impede data sharing.
Three valuable lessons are evident from China's HIT development over the past ten years:
Government policy.
The Chinese government adopted an "informatization" approach in the 1990s, promoting IT development in all major industries, including the health sector, with one goal being to bridge the information divide. HIT policy began in 1995 with the "Golden Health Project," which sought to create the foundation for electronically linking health administration departments and hospitals as well as medical education and research institutes. Government efforts in the 21st century increasingly focus on health IT. For example, the 2003–2010 Ministry of Health Guidelines for HIT Development in China call for the introduction of EHRs and regional health information networks to be implemented throughout the country. Many hospitals are considering system-wide upgrades, and larger budgets are more readily available for these kinds of investments.
Organizations.
The Ministry of Health within the government and independent hospital administrators are the primary drivers of HIT adoption in China. Following the SARS epidemic, the Chinese government realized the importance of integrating an effective IT infrastructure into the country's health system. Additionally, after a decade of small investments in IT systems hospital leaders have become aware that IT can improve work processes and increase management efficiency.
Many other associations involved in HIT exist in China, including the 
Funding.
Provincial and local governments in China are the primary funders for regional health information networks and HIT in public hospitals. The national government facilitates investigation of standards and IT infrastructure development. Hospitals invest their own funds into clinical and institutional HIT systems. As of 2006, China spends a little over 0.7% ($700 million) of its national health budget on HIT. Of these funds: 70% goes toward hardware, 20% toward software, and 10% toward services.
Planning.
Spending on healthcare in China will grow dramatically over the next five years, potentially rising to 7% of GDP. HIT spending in China will likely grow even faster, with China's national goal to create EHR and regional health information networks throughout China. Major IT upgrades are now being considered in many hospitals. The focus of future HIT development in China includes the following:
Hospital information system.
Progress of hospital information system (HIS) in China has made significant progress in recent years. HIS has played a very important role in hospital, and the construction and employment of HIS can improve the efficiency and quality of healthcare work. But the development of HIS in China is unbalanced and there are many problems such as nonstandard hospital management, poor standardization, and lack of consolidation of software development. As a consequence, the current HIS is not able to meet the needs of reform in China's healthcare system. In the future, for the sake of medical information sharing, telemedicine, hospital efficiency enhancement, integration needs to be realized.
In recent years, Hospital Information System (HIS) has been developed in several areas. Many hospitals have constructed HIS. According to the Ministry of Health in 2004, there were 6,063 hospitals out of 15,924 that had established hospital information systems. It is estimated that about 70% of county-level hospitals and above have constructed HIS by mid-2007. 
In 2004, the total cost for information technology (IT) in health sector was estimated at approximately RMB 3.5 billions (US$423.5 million), which increased 25% compared with 2003. Most of the resources were committed to HIS. Construction of HIS has taken good effect, which changed the style of hospital management, offered tremendous opportunities to reduce clinical errors (e.g. medication errors, diagnostic errors), to support health care professionals (e.g. availability of timely, up-to-date patient information), to increase the efficiency of care (e.g. less waiting times for patients), or even to improve the quality of patient care. Today, HIS is not only a symbol of modern management, but also one of core competence of a hospital.
Nowadays, with reform in healthcare system and the entry into WTO, HISs is confronting many challenges in China. Medical domain will develop into standardization and internationalization, which stimulate different grade hospitals and many related organizations (e.g. insurance agents, finance organizations, community station), into a big integer. But the forepart HIS didn't consider medical information standards, and can't share medical information.
Current status.
Computers began to be used in hospitals in China in 1970s, but used as hospital information management since 1984. According to the contents, styles and scopes, HIS in China experienced four phases. They are as follows:
implement telemedicine, through which the diagnostic digital images such as CT scans, MRIs and ultrasound CT can be transmitted.
The first three phases focus on hospital information management and the fourth phase patient-centered.
In general, construction of HIS in China has made significant progress since the 1990s. According to some sample investigation about HIS, there are many characters as follows: the development of HIS are imbalanced, the differences among different regions are very significant. In more developed regions, the proportion of hospitals with HIS is high, and the level of HIS is also high, most of them are in the third phase, and a few hospitals are in fourth phase. 
In fact, the HIS in many hospitals is no worse than that in advanced foreign hospitals. On the other hand, the level of HIS in developing regions is low, the proportion of hospitals with HIS is also low, and most of them are in the second phase. But the potential market of HIS is very good. By 2004, the proportion of hospitals with HIS in East China was above 80%, whereas, it was less than 20% in Northwest China.
"No. 1 Military Project".
"No. 1 Military Project" was important in China's HIS development. This project is a hospital information system consisting of over 30 basic subsystems. It was developed by General Logistics Department of PLA collaborating with Hewlett-Packard in 1997. The project has achieved success and improved the development of health informatics in China. So far, over 200 hospitals have adopted this system. This kind of HIS has become a succeeded and advanced representative one in China. The HIS of "No. 1 Military Project" was applied in Xiaotangshan hospital during the outbreak of SARS in 2003. The patients suffered SARS were treated and the system played an important role and was praised highly by specialists.
Although construction of HIS has achieved greatly, yet most HIS concentrates more on the fiscal operations of a hospital and the administrative aspects. Only 10% of hospitals with HIS have developed patient-centered Clinical Information System, while 5% are constructing Picture Archiving and Communication System.
Main problems.
Although there has been good progress during last two decades, especially during last 10 years, there have been many problems which limit further progress. The main problems are as follows.
Lack of Standardization/Interoperability.
Hospital information relate to medical treatment, education, medical research, personnel, money, and
substance, et al. Unification of the titles, the concept, the classification and the codes are the basic precondition for information interchange. But the most difficulty is that the standards are not unified. For example, the titles and codes of the case reports, drugs, personnel, equipment, inspection and examination differ in different hospitals. The definition, description and practice operation for the same thing are different. Owing to without unified and authoritative hospital standardization data dictionaries, as well as different HIS developed by different companies with different codes and standards, two bad results come into being. The first one is that every hospital has to develop consumer dictionary, which result in tremendous waste of personnel, money, substance and time. The second one is that standards and user dictionaries are established differently, which affect the unit into the internet and can't share information. As discussed in the previous section, the HIS of "Np. 1 Military Project" was excellent. Even though, there are many problems in standardization. Results from some researchers’ investigation revealed that 99 code tables should be consistent, but there are only 31 are consistent. Even worse, 27 codes in 27 military hospitals have 27 formats. Using message standards, including the Health Level 7 (HL7), is the precondition to ensure interoperability between different hospitals systems. However most hospitals haven’t considered this problem and few HIS apply HL7. Only in some developed regions, such as Guangdong province, the governments require that developers of HIS must adopt or refer to HL7 standard to transmit patient clinical information. The reform in Chinese healthcare system requires different grade hospitals and many related organizations, such as insurance agents, finance organizations, community station, can share and interoperate in-patients’ information. But the poor information standardization in HIS can’t meet the need.
Unified Layout of Software Systems.
HIS developments began to accelerate since the early 1990s. All level of health administrations, hospitals and some information development companies invested huge personnel and money into HIS developing. Especially in developed regions such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Shandong, Jiangsu, the HIS achieved success and have larger scale. Yet the reasons those without plans as a whole and control for HIS by the related health administrations, without standards to comply with and without surveillance by some related administrations lead
to non-normative HIS developing processes. These are two poor results. The first one is that HIS were developed free, the software had no standards, the developed platform therefore varied. The second problem is that the HIS develop companies were in different levels, and many of them didn’t specialize in HIS develop, they were not familiar with the style of hospital management and workflows, or they only knew some specific hospitals. Furthermore, some companies have the idea of eager for quick success and instant benefit, and only considered the current benefits without long term investment. Some companies even thought that HIS market had potential, so they made some simple system packages together, and took some measures to deceive the users. All above brought severe negative influence to HIS development.
Models of Hospital Management.
The models of hospitals management have major influences on HIS construction. HIS implementation requires both technical structural and behavioral sense, and development of HIS should be carried out within the context of the development itself. Application with HIS but without studying and absorbing has become one bottle neck for HIS development. Compared with hospitals' directors with MBA diploma in developed countries, who manage the hospitals, most of hospitals directors in China are good medicine experts, however, they aren’t familiar with modernization management. They have experience in management methods, but didn’t know normative and science management. When constructing HIS in their hospitals, they usually requested the HIS accommodate with their existing management modes in spite of their management modes were nonscientific and unreasonable. Besides the complexity of hospital’s management, workflows and circumstances in different hospitals differ very much. To meet the need of the hospitals management, the developers had to act according to actual circumstance, which lead to the HISs can’t meet the need of information communication and share because of low currency and commercialization. Good HIS should optimize hospital process, but in many Chinese hospitals, this was not the case, poor hospital process flow compromises the good HIS.
National standardization priorities.
There are many problems in HIS construction in China, among which interoperability is one of the most important. The absence of universal and consistent standards for managing and exchanging clinical and administrative information has been identified as bottleneck to utilize and improve the HIS. Therefore, one of priorities in national standardization actions is to accelerate the development of essential standards for HIS. In fact, after several years of running information systems, health providers recognized that standards were the basis for the information sharing and interoperability. The government of China also realized this problem and has taken efforts to construct the health information platform and network. One hypothesis is that because standardization for health informatics is an authoritative field, in which market mechanism does not work. Also, due to misalignment of incentives, often providers who invest in standardization cannot gain benefit directly, therefore they might prefer to invest in network than in standardization. The government may play a role to stimulate adoption by setting standards. In fact, the government had indeed taken measures to enforce the construction of standardization. In 2003, Ministry of Health released the Development Layout of National Health Informatics (2003–2010). 
The layout indicates one of principles of standardization for health informatics: combining adoption of international standards and development of national standards. In the late 2003, the "Leading Group for Health Informatics" in the Ministry of Health started three projects to solve the problem of lacking health informatics standards, including Chinese National Health Information Framework and Standardization, Basic Data Set Standards of Public Health and Basic Data Set Standardization of Hospital System (CBDSS). CBDSS is one important project of the medical information standardization programs, which would improve information progress of hospital and the whole health system. Chinese Hospital Information Management Association (CHIMA) undertook the task of CBDSS project .The goal of this project is to produce a set of data set standards, which is necessary for HIS. By now, most of this project is completed, 11 subgroups and 1 shared group CBDSS came into being. Since 2003, the government had launched over ten projects related health standardization in succession, and substantial progress was made in standardization of medical information.
Dependency theory.
At present, the majority HISs running in China are Hospital Management Information Systems (HIMIS), and they are not able to share medical images diagnostic information due to the various standards and formats adopted by different manufactures. Now there are HIS, Radiology Information System (RIS), Laboratory Information System (LIS) and Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) in many bigger hospitals, each system run independently in most hospitals. With the development of health researches and health standardization, this problem can be solved with HIS. In the future, for the sake of medical information sharing, telemedicine, hospital efficiency enhancement, medical service extension, optimizing the working procedure, HIMIS will develop into patient-centered HIS, all the independent systems including the electronic patient record will realize integration. Furthermore HIS will shift from supporting health care professionals to patients and consumers, from institution-centered to regional and global health information system with new and strongly extended functionalities and tasks.
International cooperation.
SGER: Transnational Public Health Informatics Research: US-China Collaboration.
This public health informatics Small Grant for Exploratory Research is a small-scale, exploratory, high-risk proposal that is potentially transformative in its research collaborations between the US and China. The proposal team is building on the momentum gained from two US-China public health informatics workshops held in Beijing in March 2008. New partnerships are expected to emerge. The outcomes have the potential to transform approaches to public health informatics, not only in US and China, but potentially across the globe, in particular in exploring transnational social networks and taking advantage of the kinds of data collection and integration methodologies and technologies employed by the two countries' public health agencies. It affords the opportunity to provide new and longer-term research and educational programs between US and Chinese institutions and practitioners.

</doc>
<doc id="20049516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049516" title="Stropharia ambigua">
Stropharia ambigua

Stropharia ambigua, sometimes known as the questionable Stropharia, is a saprotrophic basidiomycete fungus, one of many in the genus "Stropharia".
Description.
The cap is broad, obtuse to convex, becomes plain or uplifted in age, has a smooth surface, is slimy when moist, and yellowish. The flesh is white, thick, and soft. The gills are pale gray and gradually darkens to purplish-gray or purplish-black. The gills occasionally pull away from the stipe with age. The stipe is long and is stuffed or hollow. The veil is soft and white. The spore print is dark purplish to nearly black. The species fruits in the spring and fall. It does not have a volva.
Edibility.
The species has been said to taste like old leaves. Because of conflicting reports that they received on the edibility of this species, the authors Orson K. Miller, Jr. and Hope Miller does not recommend eating it. Alexander Hanchett Smith and Nancy S. Weber said that the species is not poisonous. David Arora does not recommend eating this species. The authors of "Poisonous plants of California" said that the species is suspected of being poisonous.
Distribution and habitat.
"Stropharia ambigua" appears in late fall as a solitary to scattered mushroom or in groups on rich humus, usually under conifers. It can also be found with alder and other hardwoods in the Pacific Coast. It has frequently been found in disturbed areas, such as where wood was handled. The species invade outdoor mushroom beds after wood chips have decomposed by a primary saprotroph. It favors a cold and damp environment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20049522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049522" title="Keisuke Ota (footballer born 1981)">
Keisuke Ota (footballer born 1981)

Trivia.
His older brother is Yoshiaki Ota (Vegalta Sendai).

</doc>
<doc id="20049532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049532" title="Conspiracy of the Tres Antonios">
Conspiracy of the Tres Antonios

The Conspiracy of the Tres Antonios (1781) () was minor failed conspiracy against the Spanish colonial authorities in the captaincy-general of Chile, that was led by two Frenchmen, Antonio Gramusset and Antonio Berney, and a criollo, José Antonio de Rojas. It was so named because all three conspirators shared the same first name.
Events.
In 1780 Antonio Berney was a Frenchman living in Santiago where he worked as a teacher of Latin and Mathematics. He was a constant reader of the Encyclopédie, and inspired by the Enlightenment ideals he formulated a plan to establish Chile as an independent republic. He converted Antonio Gramusset, another Frenchman living in Chile to his ideas, and he in turn enlisted the aid of one of Chile's most prominent citizens, José Antonio de Rojas. 
The idea of the three revolutionaries was to set up a republican government based on an inclusive electoral process. Social classes were to be eliminated and slavery abolished, according to a plan that actually anticipated nineteenth-century socialism. An ambitious program of agrarian reform was included in their plans, along with a broad policy of free trade with the world at large. Nearly a decade before the French Revolution, the three Antonios conjured up one of the most democratic conspiracies in the Spanish Empire.
Discovery and trial.
During a trip to a nearby town Gramusset lost his valise which contained detailed plans of their conspiracy. The valise was actually found and returned to the local policemen () who, because they could not read were unable to identify the owner, forwarded it to their headquarters in Santiago. Once the documents were in the hands of the authorities they quickly lead to the discovery of the plotters who were secretly arrested at night during new year's on January 1, 1781. 
Berney and Gramusset were rapidly shipped to Peru to be tried in the viceregal courts, while Rojas, because of his high social standing in Chile managed to avoid prison for a while. The Frenchmen were treated with utmost courtesy and after a year of imprisonment in Lima were shipped to Spain to be tried there. The "San Pedro de Alcantara" that was carrying them sank off the coast of Portugal during a storm, and Berney drowned while Gramusset managed to survive only to die three months later as a consequence of the exposure.
Meanwhile Rojas, after a short exile in Spain, returned to Chile. He was arrested again in 1809 under suspicions of plotting to bring down the government but this time without any proof. His arrest hastened the downfall of the Royal Governor Francisco Garcia Carrasco who ordered the arrest and was one of the detonants of the Chilean independence movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20049556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049556" title="Holy Trinity Church, Ooty">
Holy Trinity Church, Ooty

Holy Trinity Church is located in Ooty. It is one of the oldest landmarks in Ooty. The building was initially used by Indian Christians as a place of worship on Sundays and used as a school during weekdays. It became a dedicated church from 1858.
George Uglow Pope, Tamil scholar and translator of major Tamil literary works, including the Thirukkural, into English, took part in the initiation on the Holy Trinity church here and also served as its chaplain in 1858-59. A congregation of around 700 families are associated with the church.Seven Churches are attached to the Pastorate.St.Thomas church,Ooty,St.John`s church,Kandal,Immanuel Church,Kenthorai,All saints Church,Toda colony,St.Paul`s church,Muthorai,Christ Church,Thomund,Good Shephard church,H.P.F.Rev.Jerome is the Presbyter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20049562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049562" title="Ferdinand Kürnberger">
Ferdinand Kürnberger

Ferdinand Kürnberger (July 3, 1821, Vienna – October 14, 1879, Munich) was an Austrian writer.
He was one of the most influential writers of Viennese literature in the sixties and seventies of the 19th century. He is now known mainly for his participation in the revolution of 1848, which would oblige him to flee to Dresden, Germany where he was arrested the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20049565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20049565" title="Rimertown, North Carolina">
Rimertown, North Carolina

Rimertown, also referred to as Rimer, is an unincorporated community in northeastern Cabarrus County, North Carolina. Named after the Rimer family, one of the early settlers to the area, it is surrounded by Concord, Kannapolis, Rockwell, and Mount Pleasant and lies in the Mt. Pleasant school district.

</doc>
