<doc id="20124154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124154" title="List of minor The Mighty Boosh characters">
List of minor The Mighty Boosh characters

The following is a list of minor characters from "The Mighty Boosh", including characters from the television series, the radio series, and the various stage shows. For significant recurring characters see "List of recurring characters from The Mighty Boosh".
A.
Aboriginal Shaman.
Appears in Killeroo.
Appears in a dream to Vince to show him how Howard can beat Killeroo. Played by Peter Kyriacou.
(The Blue King).
Appears in Fountain of Youth. The diminutive leader of the native Xooberon tribe. His head extends upwards under his hat. He is balding, but wears a rather pathetic comb-over. He kills anyone who comes searching for the Fountain of Youth. Howard and Vince are spared as Vince has the amulet, making him the Chosen One. He possesses a lustful obsession for the Chosen One, going so far as to cut off his own hand, gift-wrapping it and giving it to Vince as a present. Howard, on the other hand, was made a slave after mocking his short stature. After Howard loses the amulet, He buries them to their necks in the desert sand. Played by Rich Fulcher on his knees.
(The Global Explorer Guy).
Appears in Call of the Yeti. He delivers The Global Explorer magazine which Howard subscribes to. He asks for an autograph from Vince for "his wife" ("Make it out to Alan") after Vince is featured on the cover. An irate Howard then runs him over with a van. Played by Rich Fulcher.
Anthrax.
Appears in Nanageddon. One of the goth girls that Howard and Vince attempt to impress. Played by Dee Plume.
Ape of Death.
Appears in "Bollo". Vince teaches The Ape of Death about hair products in exchange for Howard's soul. Played by Rich Fulcher.
B.
Barry.
Appears in Call of the Yeti. A Welsh shaman, whom Naboo meets in Shamansbury's, a spoof on Sainsbury's. Barry has recently upgraded his familiar to a stuffed bat named Chrissie. Played by Noel Fielding.
Banoo.
Appears in Fountain of Youth. The fittest, strongest and fastest in the land, Banoo was originally intended to go to Earth from Xooberon instead of Naboo. Unfortunately, he always arrives slightly too late. Played by Ramon Tikaram.
The Betamax Bandit.
Appears in The Priest and The Beast. A bandit that has been terrorising a small desert town, killing all the men and having his way with the women. An obsolete format, he is seeking revenge because Spider slept with his wife. The Betamax Bandit consists primarily of unwound Betamax video tape. He sends out tendrils of tape to ensnare his victims, then winds them into himself. He is allergic to peanut butter. Played by Rich Fulcher.
Bingo caller.
Appears in Nanageddon. The caller at the local bingo hall who uses unorthodox rhymes while calling, including that he was 43 when he lost his virginity. The bingo calling style is continued in the page numbering of The Mighty Book of Boosh. Played by Rich Fulcher.
The Blue McEnroes.
Appear in The Chokes. A performance group blending the Blue Man Group with John McEnroe. Also mentioned in The Mighty Book of Boosh.
Black Frost.
Appears in Tundra. An evil creature who inhabits the Arctic. Is presumably killed, or knocked unconscious by the polar bear befriended by Vince. Releases freezing blasts from his Codpiece. Played by Dave Brown.
The Black Tubes.
Appear in The Chokes. A band portrayed by The Horrors. Their singer was killed by Bollo and Naboo. Vince auditioned for the vacant position of lead singer, but the role eventually went to Sammy the Crab, due to their skinny legs policy. The Horrors include Faris Badwan, Rhys Webb (musician), Joe Spurgeon, Joshua Hayward and Tom Cowan.
Booblay.
A futuristic pleasurebot. It is programed to "poke and suck off anything in sight". Appears in Boosh Live. Played by Rich Fulcher
Blob.
Appears in "The Strange tale Of The Crack Fox", Sitting next to the Crack Fox on the train, and saying, "We're On A Train".
Breakfast Bob.
Appears in The Nightmare of Milky Joe. a man made of eggs and sausages who runs away when Vince suggests they should eat him as opposed to each other.
Chris deBurgh.
A pastiche of Chris deBurgh, appearing in the series two episode 'The Priest and the Beast', and the series three episode 'Party'. He spent at least ten years searching for the new sound in the desert. Played by Ray Fielding (Noel and Mike Fielding's father)
C.
Charlie.
Appears in Charlie. The protagonist of Vince's books, made of used bubblegum. He has a moustache and bowler hat. He is actually real (within the show) despite Howard's scorn and arrives at the zoo to take revenge on Dixon Bainbridge and Hamilton Cork. Also featured in The Mighty Book of Boosh. Played by Peter Kyriacou.
Colin.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. Colin is the barman at the local pub owned by Jeff. Colin will only serve good honest fisherman's drinks (such as maggot cider) and food (such as maggot bhuna). He is also known to hand out pipes and beards to those he respects. Played by James Bachman.
Colin the Reaper.
Appears in Bollo. He works as the receptionist in Limbo. His wife is dead, but apparently is alright. Played by Rich Fulcher.
Hamilton Cork.
Appears in Charlie. A famous publisher who Vince tries to get to publish his Charlie stories. His head resembles a large conker. Played by Simon Farnaby.
The Crack Fox.
Appears in The Strange Tale of the Crack Fox. A fox who traveled to London from Cambridge in search of fortune, but has fallen on hard times. The fox was called Jerome, living in the countryside of England until he found a copy of Cheekbone Magazine and he read an article about London life. Against his friends' wishes, he goes to the city to have a great time in a gay club. But the days of partying burned the fox out as he ends up on the streets homeless and poor.
The Crack Fox takes up residence in the pile of bin bags behind the Nabootique. During the episode he tricks Vince into letting him inside, farts in Vince's face and then steals Naboo's shaman juice to enact his scheme to take over the world. After absorbing the magic juice through his syringe fingers he becomes incredibly powerful (demonstrating telekinesis) before being stopped by a tramp that Vince had befriended. The Crack Fox is later crushed to death in a garbage truck while pursuing Vince and Howard who took the shaman juice back during the struggle. It is also implied that the Crack Fox fancies Vince Noir. He also stated having two friends called Nicholas the Tennis Rat and Dante the racist Badger. The Crack Fox is played by Julian Barratt.
Curly Jefferson.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. A corpse stuck to the roof of Old Gregg's underwater cave. It is believed that Old Gregg killed him because Jefferson did not love him.
D.
Diane.
A member of the board of shaman, and is a green witch in appearance. Played by Noel and Mike Fielding's mother, Diane.
Spider Dijon.
Appears in The Priest and the Beast. A fellow Bongo Brother of Rudi van DiSarzio, Spider is a highly sexually charged drummer with a heavy Mexican accent, having trouble with English idioms. Spider had an affair with Rudi's wife during the 60s, an ongoing source of tension between them. He has come to the attention of Carlos Santana, who tries to recruit him. He defeats Betamax by rewinding him using his newly acquired door. He was named by Rudi after the love of mustard he demonstrated as a child, and the fact that he has "eight of something". Played by Noel Fielding.
Lance Dior and Harold Boom.
Appears in The Power of the Crimp. Almost complete copies of Howard and Vince, calling themselves The Flighty Zeus. They are somehow able to copy everything Howard and Vince do and somehow know how to play The Boosh's song "Future Sailors" after only hearing a few seconds of it. They are beaten by The Boosh in a crimp-off at the Velvet Onion. Despite this they continue to attempt to steal the Boosh's limelight, vandalising copies of their recent book. Played by Tom Meeten and Simon Farnaby.
Donni.
Appears in season 3 'The Strange Tale of the Crack Fox. A homeless man who assists Vince in finding Howard (whom he refers to as 'shrimp eyes'). Vince gives Donni a 'wondrous cape' which prompts him to admit that he had planned on raping Vince and leaving him in a bin but then gives his own life to save the lives of Howard and Vince. Drinks cans of extra-strong lager, which he refers to as "electric soup". Drinking them turns him into "The Electric Superman." He fights the Crack Fox at the end of the episode, in repayment for Vince giving him the aforementioned 'wondrous cape', giving Howard and Vince time to escape the sewer. Played by Steve Oram.
E.
Ebola.
Appears in Nanageddon. One of the goth girls that Howard and Vince attempt to impress. Played by Sue Denim.
Eleanor.
Appears in Eels. A "woman" who pays Howard for sexual favours (which he does due to Vince being distracted) so that he can pay the Hitcher. She later arrives in the shop to stop the Hitcher from killing Howard. While speaking some syllables are extremely elongated, including on her business card. Played by Rich Fulcher.
Evil Tree.
Appears in The Fountain of Youth, is a tree that is summoned by The Hitcher and told to "go about your wicked foul business", he then attempts to attack Howard, Vince, Naboo and Bollo, but is foiled by Sandstorm and sanded down into a table. Played by Rich Fulcher.
Extreme Sports Calendar.
Subject of a "gather round everyone..." joke. Played by Dave Brown.
F.
Bryan Ferry.
Appears in Hitcher. Lives in the forest, where he raised the young Vince. Played by Julian Barratt.
Fire.
Appears in Jungle. Subject of a "gather round everyone..." joke. Played by Dave Brown.
The Funk.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. Described as 'a funky ball of tits from outer space'. Howard steals it from Old Gregg and achieves The Funk.
The Funk can give anyone (literally) the funk.
Montgomery Flange.
Appears in The Chokes. A legendary actor who coaches Howard in his secret woodland acting dojo. Dies at the end of the episode of a heart attack. Played by Noel Fielding. This character is a homage to Peter Seller's Worrington Minge from his interview with Parkinson in 1974.
G.
Gary Numan.
He appeared in the The Power of the Crimp in a closet that Howard opened to reveal him in order to comfort Vince.
H.
Jurgen Haabermaaster.
Appears in The Chokes. A famous avant-garde director whose works include "The Doctor and The Pencil". He is idolised by Howard. In the episode he plans to make an advert about "The angry crab of trapped wind." Initially looks to hire Sammy the Crab but eventually recruits Howard instead. Played by Julian Barratt. His name is a parody on German philosopher Jürgen Habermas.
Mr Hopkins.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. He is the only man who has survived an encounter with Old Gregg. When asked about this, he replies by screaming loudly.
J.
Jack Cooper.
Is a Glaswegian fox at the Zooniverse and appears in Bollo.
Jeff.
Mentioned but not seen in The Legend of Old Gregg. He owns the bar in the village, and drinks maggot cider and eats maggot bhunas. He only allows these to be sold in his bar.
Jimmy the Reach.
Appears in Killeroo. One of the boxers at the gym. Has exceptionally long arms. He always gets his man. Played by Olly Ralfe.
Joey Moose.
Appears in Killeroo and Mutants. An Australian zookeeper at the Zooniverse, whose death prompts Howard and Vince to investigate Bainbridge's experiments. Played by Dave Brown.
Jupiter.
Appears in The Power of the Crimp to eat the Moon's imposter. He is mentioned on many other occasions. Unlike the Moon, Jupiter has no song. Played by Rich Fulcher.
K.
Killeroo.
Appears in Killeroo. A boxing kangaroo that Howard fights in order to gain the affections of Mrs. Gideon. Is defeated by Howard Moon after Vince Noir grabs his testicles.
Kodiak Jack.
Appears in Call of the Yeti. A grizzled hunter who owns the cabin The Boosh stay in. Gives Howard a map to the Yeti's home in exchange for spending the night with Vince. When he attempts to give Vince a "Grizzly Adams bumming", Vince burns his nose with a straightening iron. Kodiak Jack is later set upon by the Yeti after rescuing the others. Played by Rich Fulcher.
L.
Jacques LeCube.
One of Vince's friends; appears in the episode Party. He's French, and he's a cube. Played by Dave Brown
Leroy.
A frequently-mentioned but mostly unseen friend of Howard and Vince. Often mentioned by Vince to back up his arguments with Howard. Played acoustic guitar for Vince's glam-folk band. It has been said that Leroy works at the laser copy center, but it has also been said that he works at the ice rink and "sells slush puppies."
Lucien.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. Lucien is a weathered fisherman who now spends his time telling tales rather than fishing. He warns Vince about Old Gregg after Howard has gone out on Black Lake at full moon. Played by Julian Barratt.
Lachlan Scott.
One of Vince's friends; appears in the episode Party. Appears regularly in background alongside Louisa Daish.
M.
Methuselah.
Appears in Party. The wife of Dennis and an extreme sports calendar model. She attempts to seduce Vince in order to make her husband jealous. Played by Dolly Wells.
Mickey the fist.
Appears in Killeroo. One of the boxers at the gym. His face appears to consist entirely of human fists.
Milky Joe.
Appears in The Nightmare of Milky Joe. He is the product of Howard's feverish imagination when cast away on a desert island. He is a good listener, but Howard ultimately tires of his boring lectures.
Milky Joe composes a hit song called "Isolation" with his band, Milky Joe and the Coconuts.
Mutants.
Appear in Mutants. A race of mutated animals created by Dixon Bainbridge's splicing experiments. Vince and Howard give them their freedom. They appear to be led by a mutant with a squid for a head, who considers himself the prettiest.
Monkey.
Appears in The Priest & The Beast. Seems to take an interest in Rudi and tells him about Betamax. Monkey has visions, drinks her own urine and smells of peanuts. Because of this, she is spurned by the other women. She is described by Spider as 'the woollen bullet'. Played by Alice Lowe.
Mr Susan.
Appears in Bollo. Guardian of the mirror world (a small room containing "over 17 mirrors")from which you must choose the correct mirror in order to escape. Upon choosing the wrong mirror, you are trapped forever (something which Vince sees as a positive because he can see his hair from all angles). His body consists of chamois cloths and two mirror balls. Cries "Look at them shine" while spraying cleaning fluid on his many mirrors. Played by Julian Barratt.
N.
Nanatoo.
Appears in Nanageddon. A demon summoned by Howard and Vince to impress goth girls. An exceptionally dangerous creature, she has a five-star rating, kills people using a bus pass and knitting needles and is also capable of quickly creating knitting to bind her victims. Played by Margaret John.
Naan Bread.
Subject of a "gather round everyone..." joke. Played by Dave Brown
Neon.
Appears in Electro. A performer in the band "Kraftwork Orange", a band that Vince and Howard join. Also appears in The Mighty Book of Boosh. After leaving the band she co-founds "Orange Work-Kraft". Played by Dee Plume.
Pete Neon.
Appears in Eels. Lead singer of the Neon Needles, a pop star that Vince is attempting to tag. Has legs similar to a flamingo and flies away when startled. Played by Anthony Rossomando of Dirty Pretty Things.
Neville.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. He appears briefly after being mentioned by Lucien because he has never been fishing.
Neville Bamshoot.
Is mentioned but not seen in Eels. Vince plays him in Howard's improvisational attempt to prove to Vince that his elbow patches are useful.
P.
Peppo.
In the episode Fountain of Youth, Peppo is the greatest artist ever produced by the Blue-skinned tribe of Xooberon. Peppo paints a portrait of Vince as "the chosen one". When Vince comments that the fringe is a bit short, Peppo kills himself. Played by Tom Meeton
Pete.
A friend of Naboo's who works in Dixons, he is first seen in Bollo in Naboo's kiosk, he is not a shaman but he does accompany the shaman on a stag weekend in Eels. He is played by Peter Kyriacou
Phil the Reaper.
Appears in Bollo. A grim reaper that comes to collect Bollo's soul, but takes Howard by mistake. Has a similar voice to the Hitcher. Played by Noel Fielding.
The Piper Twins.
Henchman of The Hitcher. Named Jim and Jackie Piper. In "Hitcher" they both appear, in "The Fountain of Youth" the Hitcher's second appearance only one appears and in "Eels" his final appearance none of them appear. They also appear in the 2006 and 2009 stage shows with the Hitcher. Played by Rich Fulcher and Dave Brown.
Plan Pony.
A picture of a horse Vince Noir draws in The Strange Tale of the Crack Fox that helps him find the "Crack Fox."
Precious Lilywhite.
The second coconut girl to appear in The Nightmare of Milky Joe. She is accidentally murdered by Howard Moon.
R.
Ramsay.
Appears in The Legend of Old Gregg. An artist who befriends Howard and Vince. He rents them his boat so they can go fishing on Black Lake. Ramsay's art consists of sticking shells to things, including his wife Matilda. Played by Rich Fulcher.
Razorlight.
Appear in The Priest and The Beast as themselves using a metal detector trying to find the "new sound".
Red Blood Cells.
Appear in Journey to the Centre of the Punk. Vince's red blood cells are attacked by the Spirit of Jazz. They are easily lured by promise of beauty products and other such things. Played by Noel Fielding.
Roger Daltrey.
Appears at the end of The Priest and The Beast as himself, vacuuming the ground in reference to an earlier joke about Woodstock.
Ruby.
The first coconut girl to appear in The Nightmare of Milky Joe. She is Vince's "girlfriend" while on the island.
S.
Sammy the Crab.
An extremely violent and unstable actor. He joins the Black Tubes at the end of "The Chokes". Sammy is the rival of Montgomery Flange.
Sandstorm.
Appears in The Fountain of Youth. Has cursed the Xooberon for hundreds of tens of years. Being made entirely from sandpaper, he is incapable of touching or loving anything without wearing it down. Vince gives him gloves so he can "love himself" without being harmed. In return he gives Vince a horn that can be used to summon him. He is summoned at the end of the episode to deal with Evil Tree. Played by Julian Barratt.
Sunflash.
Appears in . Sunflash is a he she, half man-half unicorn from the future. Comes from Camden. Speaks Chavese, a mix between Chinese and Chav. Played by Noel Fielding.
Serge.
Appears in The Nightmare of Milky Joe. Serge is one of the coconuts that Howard and Vince imagine whilst stranded on the deserted island. He is the cameraman at Vince's Calypso Party and later, he films the death of Precious Lilywhite.
T.
Tiny Robert.
A "Voodoo shaman" who transferred the blood of Howlin Jimmy Jefferson onto the record "Voodoo Scat". Tiny Robert got ball cancer but spotted it early and had it removed. Tiny Robert was one of the only characters who taught us a valuable lesson, check your balls, twice a week.
Townswoman.
Leads Spider to her town populated entirely by "women, desperate for the men". Played by Lucy Montgomery.
Johnny Two-Hats.
Appears in Electro. He quits as a member of Kraftwork Orange after Vince joins and irritates him. He is first seen wearing two hats although he is next seen wearing 4 after a remark from Vince earlier in the episode. Played by Dan Clark.
U.
Ultra.
Appears in Electro. A performer in the band Kraftwork Orange, a band that Vince and Howard join. After leaving the band she co-founds "Orange Work-Kraft". Played by Sue Denim.
Uncle Pedro.
Appears in The Mighty Boosh Radio Series Episode 5 - Tundra. Pedro is Howard's Spanish Uncle. He is a figure of legend in Spain as he once, according to Howard "built a zoo as big as a house" but he has trouble dealing with his fame and will revert to yelling curses if someone brings it up. For this reason he has become "the Shadow", a masked, caped bandit who is feared by the locals. As well as building the zoo,he once drank an entire litre of water in two days. He is also known by many other names, these include: "Captain Margeret the fantastic dealer of Wounds" and "Fire Boy - watch him go with his legs all over". When he meets Vince he somehow knows that Howard is having a bad time in the Arctic. He is voiced by Julian Barratt.
W.
White Blood Cells.
Appear in Journey to the Centre of The Punk. Vince's white blood cells attempt to stop Howard and Lester from reaching the brain, but are convinced by Howard that they are trying to help when Howard performs a crimp with them about "the time we had those pancakes". Despite all of them sharing Vince's likeness, one of them claims to be athlete Roger Black. Played by Noel Fielding.
Wilbur Fossil.
Appeared once in the Radio series, in episode 6 (The Hitcher). Howard and Vince are tasked with delivering Tony the Prawn (a "Psychological killer") to Wilbur Fossil's (Bob Fossil's brother, the only character who calls Bob "Robert") zoo for animal offenders. After Vince and Howard are "trapped in a box by a cockney nutjob" (The Hitcher), Bob Fossil saves them. The people who live in the box have been trapped there for centuries, living by "the book", which tells them not to open the only door, for the greatest evil lies on the other side. When Bob opens the door, a garden is on the other side, with Wilbur and "Mrs. Fossil" (Fossil's mother). Wilbur threatened Fossil that if he was late, he would tell their mother that Fossil was still alive, and that he didn't die in Vietnam as a war hero. The episode ends with Fossil shouting "It is the greatest evil! Everyone get back in the freakin' box!". Wilbur is constantly referred to as "anal" by Bob, especially over lateness.
Y.
Yeti.
Appear in Call of the Yeti. A tribe of rare creatures who live around Piney Ridge. While normally hibernating, they come out every 25 years to look for a man to breed with. They send their victims into a hippy trance with music and are afraid of malt loaf.

</doc>
<doc id="20124161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124161" title="Arab Money">
Arab Money

"Arab Money" is the first official single from Busta Rhymes' eighth studio album "Back on My B.S." The song features and is produced by Ron Browz. It discusses the almost limitless stocks of wealth in the Middle East, particularly in Dubai. It also particularly pays homage to Yasser Arafat and Prince Alwaleed.
The song is heavily featured in the 2009 video game "".
Controversy.
Arab Money ignited controversy, particularly from Islamic communities. The released remix came with even stronger negative reaction, as it quotes lines from the Quran, which (in such a form) is deemed forbidden in most Arab countries. DJ Steve Sutherland of Galaxy FM was suspended temporarily when he played the song and listeners complained. In response, Busta said: 
Sometimes, people like to twist things. We ain't mockin' the culture. We ain't tryin' to be disrespectful. Ain't no racism going on right here. If you listen to the song, you see that we are actually acknowledging the fact that the Arabian culture, a Middle East culture is one of the few cultures, that value passing down hard work riches that's been built amongst the family. It would be nice if a lot of other cultures did the same thing. Feel me? So, I would like for it to be like that in my culture where we could build things to the point where we got so much that we don't need to rely on other cultures to contribute majorly in a financial way, or in whatever other way, to societies, communities or whatever governments we might live in. So, we are actually biggin' up the culture. At the end of the day, I want to be like that. I think a lot of us want to be like that.
Music Video.
The music video debuted on BET's 106 & Park on December 2, 2008. It is directed by Rik Cordero. It features cameos from Rick Ross, Mr. Bangladesh Spliff Star, DJ Drama, Jim Jones, Juelz Santana, DJ Khaled, Akon, Gorilla Zoe, Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, N.O.R.E., Lil Wayne, Kardinal Offishall, Ace Hood, Shawty Lo, Paul Wall, E-40, Jadakiss, Swizz Beatz, Arab, T-Pain, Wiz Khalifa, Mack Maine, Tyga, Triple C's, Will Smith and many others.
New York City businessman and philanthropist Ali Naqvi stars as the prince of the music video. Ali Naqvi, friend of Busta Rhymes, was invited to appear in the music video. Ali Naqvi is Founder and Chairman of MindShare Ventures Group. Ali Naqvi was born in New York City and has Arab, Persian, Turkish, and Indo-Pakistani ancestry.
The music video for the 1st part of the remix was released on February 25. Just like the original, it was directed by Rik Cordero in front of a green screen. T-Pain is not featured in the video, and the chorus is changed back to the original. Any Arabic words were not used. T.I., Birdman, & Cedric The Entertainer make cameo appearances in the video.
The music video for the 2nd part of the remix was released on February 27, two days after the 1st part of the remix's video. Just like the original, it was directed by Rik Cordero in front of a green screen. Reek Da Villian is not featured in the video.
Remixes.
The song was officially remixed three times by Busta Rhymes, with different guest appearances accompanying each version.
Part 1.
The first part of the remix features Ron Browz, P Diddy, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain, Akon and Lil Wayne. The song was released on Thanksgiving Day (November 27, 2008). Ron Browz, T-Pain, Akon and Lil Wayne all use the Autotune effect in it.
Also, in this part, Busta Rhymes does the main part of the hook differently and Ron Browz pronounced Arab money differently with an accent on the "A"s. Therefore, would be pronounced . Unlike the original, actual Arabic is used in the chorus and by the artists in their verses:
This version was planned for inclusion on Ron Browz's as-yet-unreleased debut album, "Etherboy", but the album was shelved.
Part 2.
The second part of the remix features Ron Browz, Reek Da Villian, Rick Ross, Spliff Star, N.O.R.E., & Red Cafe. The song was released on December 13, 2008.
Part 3.
The third part of the remix features Ron Browz, Juelz Santana, Jim Jones, & Jadakiss. The song was released on December 21, 2008. This remix is the only one to not feature a music video.
Two other versions of the song were produced, the first one featured the rapper Pitbull and the second featured Rick Ross
Track listings.
Explicit
Clean

</doc>
<doc id="20124167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124167" title="WXJ68">
WXJ68

WXJ68 (sometimes referred to as Maricao All-Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves the western Puerto Rico area. Its transmitter is located in Maricao, Puerto Rico. It broadcasts weather and hazard information for Mayaguez and viciniy, Ponce and vicinity, Northwest, Southwest, Central Interior and Northern Puerto Rico. It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in San Juan, Puerto Rico. 
County Coverage for WXJ68 (SAME/FIPS Codes).
<br clear=all>
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20124187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124187" title="LT&amp;SR 2100 Class">
LT&amp;SR 2100 Class

The London, Tilbury and Southend Railway (LT&SR) 2100 Class was a class of 4-6-4T steam locomotives. Eight were built in 1912, the year the Midland Railway took over the LT&SR, to the design of Robert Harben Whitelegg. Hence, they were numbered in the Midland numbering system as 2100–2107, and none received a name. The Midland gave them the power classification 3P. All subsequently passed into LMS ownership in 1923. They were all withdrawn 1929–1934, and all were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20124196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124196" title="HMS Seaflower">
HMS Seaflower

Four vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Seaflower":

</doc>
<doc id="20124212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124212" title="WNG693">
WNG693

WNG693 (sometimes referred to as Culebra All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves the island of Culebra in Puerto Rico. It is programed from the National Weather Service in San Juan, Puerto Rico with its transmitter located in Culebra. It broadcasts weather and hazard information for Culebra, Vieques, Northeast and South Eastern Puerto Rico.
County Coverage for WNG693 (SAME/FIPS Codes).
<br clear=all>
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20124226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124226" title="Té Bheag">
Té Bheag

Té Bheag () is a blended whisky made by Pràban na Linne Ltd. It is one of Sir Iain Noble's Gaelic Whisky range, which has its headquarters at Eilean Iarmain on the Isle of Skye.

</doc>
<doc id="20124241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124241" title="Pooja Bose">
Pooja Bose

Pooja Bose (Marathi,Hindi) is an Indian Television actress. She had played the role of Radha in "Kahaani Hamaaray Mahaabhaarat Ki". She played the lead role Vrinda in the "Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna" with her co-actor Kunal Verma, which aired on STAR Plus. She has got immense fame and popularity as Goddess Parvati as well as Goddess Adi-Shakti and Goddess Kali in Devon Ke Dev - Mahadev. In 2013, Pooja Bose was featured in famous Bollywood actor Govinda's music album "Gori Tere Naina".
Early life.
Pooja Bose hails from Jaipur. She finished her schooling at the St. Paul’s Mission School and subsequently graduated from the Scottish Church College in Kolkata.
Career.
After starting her television career with "Kahaani Hamaaray Mahaabhaarat Ki", Puja Bose was seen in romantic show "Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna", in which she played the role of a simple Punjabi girl, Vrinda. Pooja only views the shows in which she works in and hence couldn't compare her shows with the other shows aired on television. But the actress confidently declared her show to be a hit.
She has also acted in a Telugu film titled "Veedu Theda". She did her debut in the film "Macho Mustanaa" with Hiran Chatterjee (formerly called "Macho Mustafaa" but it changed its title due to objections from Muslim clerics regarding the use of the word "Mustafaa" ). She bagged a role in Raja Chanda's next film "Challenge 2" starring superstar Dev Adhikari and Sujit Mondal's next film "Rocky" starring Mahaakshay Chakraborty. Another unconfirmed movie is "Diwana Holo Mon" opposite Hiran Chatterjee.
She then replaced Sonarika Bhadoria in the mythological show Devon Ke Dev - Mahadev as Goddess Parvati.She has got immense fame and popularity as Goddess Parvati as well as Goddess Adi-Shakti and Goddess Kali.
In 2013, Pooja Bose was featured in famous Bollywood actor Govinda's music album "Gori Tere Naina" and danced with him in all the tracks of album along with Govinda. She appeared on the popular Colors T.V. show "Comedy Nights with Kapil" along with Govinda for her album's promotion on 15 December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20124242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124242" title="You Talk Too Much">
You Talk Too Much

"You Talk Too Much" is a 1960 single by Joe Jones. It was written by Fats Domino's brother-in-law, Reginald Hall, but Fats actually turned down the song.

</doc>
<doc id="20124245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124245" title="Yung L.A.">
Yung L.A.

Leland Austin, better known by his stage name Yung L.A., is an American hip hop recording artist from Atlanta, Georgia. He is perhaps best known for his debut single "Ain't I", which peaked at #47 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and at #7 on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Austin's second single, titled "Futuristic Love (Elroy)", features American singer Ricco Barrino, and was released in 2009. Throughout this, Austin was signed to American record executive T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records, after fellow Atlanta-based rapper Young Dro, found and brought Austin to the label. In early 2011 however, Austin parted ways with Grand Hustle.
Soon after his departure from Grand Hustle Records, Austin began to claim he was a member of the local Atlanta record label Duct Tape Entertainment. Although he was not officially signed to the imprint, he had tattooed the record label's logo on his face, much to the displeasure and dismay of Duct Tape's chief executive officer (CEO) and fellow rapper, Alley Boy. Austin was later seen on a viral video being set up assaulted by Alley Boy. Austin was quoted in the video saying "You ain't ordinary bruh," before being unexpectedly attacked and viciously assaulted by Alley Boy in the video. As of 2013 he is currently signed to Ham Sandwich Records

</doc>
<doc id="20124254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124254" title="Packers Radio Network">
Packers Radio Network

The Packers Radio Network is a broadcast radio network and the official radio broadcaster of the Green Bay Packers football team. The network's flagship is Journal Communications' WTMJ (AM) in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, which has broadcast the games since November 24, 1929. This is one of the few arrangements where a team's flagship radio station is not based in their home market and the local station serves as a network affiliate only; the rights for Packers games in the Green Bay area have bounced between Midwest Communications and Cumulus Media throughout the last few years, while stations carrying the games owned by Woodward Communications which nominally serve the Fox Cities exclusively have equally heavy listenership in Green Bay.
An internal Part 15 radio station featuring the Packers Radio Network play-by-play, along with public address and scoreboard announcements, serves the area surrounding Lambeau Field during Packers home games to provide the game call to those in attendance without the delay experienced by Journal Communications uploading the network feed via satellite. The feed is on a non-standard FM frequency which requires purchase of a special radio tuner to listen to that signal clearly, though it is audible with cross-channel interference from Wisconsin Public Radio's WPNE at 87.5 FM on regular tuners.
The Green Bay stations designated below in the table are considered additional "primary" stations in the network. This designation only truly comes to use in the later stages of the NFL Playoffs if the Packers make it to the NFC Championship Game and the Super Bowl, where those primary stations can carry the Packers Radio Network local call. All other network stations, including those in the Fox Cities, must carry the national Westwood One call instead in line with NFL rules.
Its primary programming consists of broadcasts of Packer home and away games to a network of 56 stations in Wisconsin, the U.P., Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota, along with a two-hour pre-game show and three-hour postgame show which allows listeners to call, email, or text in a sports talk format about the finished game. Wayne Larrivee has been the play-by-play announcer since 1999, while former Packer center and current WGBA-TV sports director Larry McCarren has worked as the color commentator since 1995. Both Larrivee and McCarren contribute to the team's television programs, in addition and work with WTMJ's television sister station WTMJ-TV in Milwaukee (WGBA is also owned by Journal Communications).
Though its broadcasts began in 1929, WTMJ did not begin paying the Packers for broadcast rights until 1943; it paid the team $7500 to broadcast the season. In the early 1930s, there was no exclusive right given to broadcast games, and WHBY, then based in Green Bay, often sent its own announcers to call the game. From 1933 to 1936, three additional stations carried WTMJ's radio broadcasts of Packer games: WLBL in Stevens Point, WTAQ in Green Bay and WKBH in La Crosse. WSAW in Wausau and WJMS in Ironwood, Michigan started carrying the feed in 1937.
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20124259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124259" title="Deertrees Theatre">
Deertrees Theatre

Deertrees Theatre is a performing arts and cultural center located in Harrison, Maine, United States. The theatre was founded by the distinguished opera director and singing coach Enrica Clay Dillon in 1936 and is now owned and operated by the non-profit Deertrees Foundation. As home to the Deertrees Theatre Festival, the Sebago-Long Lake Music Festival, the Children's Wednesday Series, the BackStage Gallery, and the Salt Lick Cafe, Deertrees is one of the most active summer theatres in the Northeast. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the Maine Register of Historic Places, it is sanctioned by the Actors' Equity Association as "a small professional house."
The Theatre.
Designed in the Adirondack style by Harrison G. Wiseman and built by George Locke of Bridgton, the theatre was constructed of rose hemlock harvested on the property. The proscenium arch was made from whole tree trunks and the beams, doors, trim, and light fixtures were all handcarved. The building was designed so the entire auditorium with its pitched floor could be detached from the stage end and moved forward allowing an extra section with more seating inserted. It boasted a thirty-member orchestra pit, stage dimensions identical to the Metropolitan Opera House, and the best technical equipment of any theatre outside of New York. Two large barn doors located behind the stage could be opened for an authentic forest backdrop. Whether by chance or design, the theatre also had near perfect acoustics. More than sixty years after the theatre first opened, Christopher Hyde, classical music critic for the "Maine Sunday Telegram", theorized that the tight sheathing of rough hemlock and pre-stressed posts and beams created the effect of a large stringed instrument able to transmit vibrations efficiently without echoes or reverberation.
History.
The theatre's gala opening on August 15, 1936 featured a reading from "Cyrano de Bergerac" by the classical actor, Walter Hampden. Only two more productions were presented that summer but the following season Deertrees became a fixture on the straw hat circuit by presenting four different plays and a musical comedy with a cast of professional actors in repertory under the direction of Ms. Dillon. However, in 1938 the theatre failed to open and when Deertrees reopened in the summer of 1939 it was under the auspices of the noted Broadway producer Bela Blau
Advertising "A New Play - A New Broadway A Star Every Week." Blau imported an entire Broadway cast from New York City every week including such stars as Ethel Barrymore, Tallulah Bankhead, Edward Everett Horton, Dame May Whitty, and Rudy Vallée. A young David Merrick was a jack-of-all-trades apprentice and credited on several playbills as being the associate producer and the then unpublished Helene Hanff worked in the box office. Local talent augmented smaller roles as the need arose. In addition to the theatre, Blau operated a school for theatrical designers headed by Raoul Pene Du Bois.
Following the death of Bela Blau in the autumn of 1940, Ms Dillon returned to her first love, opera. She inaugurated The Deertrees Opera Company with the young Edwin McArthur (later replaced by Karl Kritz) as musical director and George Wells as scenic and lighting designer. The company consisted of some 12 to 15 young singers including Astrid Varnay, Phila Tharpe, and Elizabeth Caron and was a forerunner to the great opera-training programs to come to America some fifty years later. The Deertrees Opera Company continued into the summer of 1942 but with the United States in the war, after a Red Cross/U.S.O Benefit concert on August 31, the theatre went dark. In 1946, Ms. Dillon announced the re-opening of Deertrees Theatre for a "Summer Festival of Opera and Drama;" however, by mid-summer Ms. Dillon's health had deteriorated to the extent that she was unable to continue working and, on October 9, 1946, her brilliant career ended and the theatre closed.
In 1949, New York attorney A. L. Sainer assumed responsibility for Deertrees and reopened the theatre under the management of his brother-in-law, actor/director Robert Harris. Mr. Harris ran Deertrees as an Equity repertory company, assembling casts from Broadway and Hollywood that included Peggy Allenby, Helene Reynolds, Margot Stevenson, Ferdi Hoffman, and William Tregoe. The internationally recognized designer Richardson Harrison Senie was appointed Scenic Artist and Cy Roossin, the Production Manager. The company presented mostly light comedies and farces such as "For Love or Money" and "Petticoat Fever" but the schedule also included dramatic productions of "The Heiress", "The Glass Menagerie", and "Payment Deferred". In 1951, Harris returned to Hollywood and, once again, the theatre went dark.
In August 1953, The Boothbay Playhouse Corporation, headed by Sherwood Keith, purchased the theater. As a step toward stimulating local theatres and decentralizing the American Theater from New York, Keith introduced a policy of utilizing community theatre groups. For two years, Mr. Keith presented outstanding repertory companies from throughout New England but the second season, after a gala opening night starring Mr. Keith and his wife in "The Four-Poster", did not meet with great success and in 1956 he sold the theatre to Mrs. Aya Sholley.
Mrs. Sholley appointed Emily Perry Bishop as resident director and brought in a small resident stock company to present a diverse program of dramas and matinees for children. However, by 1959, falling attendance and increased expenses had taken their toll, and in 1960 and 1961, the theatre failed to open.
In 1962, Deertrees Theatre once again took a premiere place on the Summer Theater circuit. Under new management the theatre pursued a policy of resident players, as well as guest stars, most of whom were drawn from television. Ann B. "Schultzy" Davis opened the season in "Everybody Loves Opal" while Shirley Knight, rock idol Fabian, Allen Case, and John Saxon were some of the other luminaries making appearances. However, the enthusiasm did not last, the theatre closed at the end of that year, and it did not re-open for two years.
In 1965, Mrs. Sholley presented her alma mater, Boston's Emerson College, with the deed to Deertrees. Under the direction of Dr. Michael E. Rutenberg the theatre was operated as part of the Emerson College Center for the Performing Arts, a division of the College set up for the purpose of allowing students the opportunity to operate a summer theatre as well as take the usual academic courses. Among the students associated with Deertrees during these years were Paul Kreppel, Andrea Martin, and Ron McClartney. Emerson continued the project through 1969 when it sold the property to a former student, David Maturi.
Maturi and his Coventry Theatrical Community continued to use Emerson students for cast and technical crew and produced programs of comedies and musical comedies, including "The Odd Couple", "Mame", "Cabaret", and "Sweet Charity", the last starring Cecilia Hart. However, once again failing attendance and increased expenses caused the theatre to close in 1971.
After three years of being closed, a former student of Enrica Clay Dillon, Judith Ritter purchased the theatre. The 1975 season opened with a resident opera company performing Mozart's "Così fan tutte" - not coincidentally, the last opera Enrica Clay Dillon produced before her death - and for the next three years, the theatre rotated between theatrical and operatic programs with "Twilight Pop Concerts" held on Sundays. In 1977, the Maine Opera Association made Deertrees its official home. 
In 1979, Frank Best leased the theatre from the Ritters and formed the Deertrees Performing Arts Festival as a non-profit corporation. However, his plans for three productions by the Maine Opera Guild, a professional theatre company, and a series of concerts ranging from bluegrass to ragtime failed to materialize and the theatre closed. 
By the mid-1980s, the theatre had been abandoned and considered a relic from a bygone era. The town of Harrison foreclosed on the property and there was consideration of burning the building as an exercise for the local fire department. Fortunately, a group of concerned citizens led by Dr. Al Mills undertook the rescue of the theatre and formed the Deertrees Foundation to restore the building and grounds. In 1990, the theatre once again opened.
Mission and current operations.
The mission of Deertrees Theatre is to provide a diverse selection of quality cultural opportunities and to present entertainment of the highest professional standard at affordable prices and in a manner that upholds the illustrious tradition of this theatre.
Deertrees Theatre is currently open each year from late June until early September and presents an eclectic mix of legitimate theatre, opera, music of all genres, comedy, and children programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20124275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124275" title="John D. McCormick">
John D. McCormick

John McCormick is a Bloomberg News reporter based in Chicago who covers national politics and government. He followed Barack Obama's presidential bid from its start in February 2007 and traveled with the candidate to nearly 40 states while working for the Chicago Tribune. Obama and McCormick developed a friendly rapport during the campaign. In August 2008, McCormick asked Obama if he was still "shopping" for a vice president. Obama's rebuke was, "John, how long did it take you to think of that question?" 
On Nov. 7, 2008, during the Q&A portion of a news conference carried live on all major U.S. television networks, the then-president-elect allowed a handful of reporters to ask questions. Then, looking at the list of potential questioners on his podium, Obama smiled and called out, "Where is John McCormick?". McCormick's question was about the Senate seat Obama was vacating and whether he had any advice for the Illinois governor who, by statute, would be naming Obama's successor in the U.S. Senate. 
A testier exchange took place on Dec. 16, 2008, when the reporter asked Obama about a list of favored potential replacements for his senate seat that had reportedly been given by his aides to then Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich. The Washington Post made mention of the exchange in a column by Dana Milbank.
McCormick is not to be confused with John P. McCormick, a deputy editorial page editor for the Chicago Tribune whom Blagojevich allegedly pressured the Tribune to fire in November and December 2008.
Early life and education.
McCormick was born in St. Paul, Minn. He is a 1987 graduate of Roseville (Minnesota) Area High School and 1991 graduate of the University of St. Thomas (Minnesota).
Since his teenage years, McCormick has been a FCC licensed Amateur Radio operator. His station includes a tower with a five-element yagi on the top, connected to an ICOM IC-756PRO transceiver. He's a skilled contester and DXer and active on most ham frequencies.
Professional career.
During his senior year of college, McCormick interned at the Minneapolis-based Star Tribune newspaper. About a month after graduation, he started a job at the Rochester Post-Bulletin in southeastern Minnesota, where he covered police, courts, local government, before being assigned to cover the Minnesota Legislature and state government in St. Paul.
In 1997, he moved to The Des Moines Register, where he initially worked as a business reporter and then became the paper's first computer-assisted reporting coordinator. He also helped cover the 2000 Iowa caucuses and was one of two Iowa Poll writers.
McCormick was hired by the Chicago Tribune in 2002. There, he has done investigative and project reporting, and has covered major news stories in Chicago and across the Midwest, including the 2002 fatal plane crash of Sen. Paul Wellstone in northern Minnesota. In 2003 and 2004, he was on a team of reporters who covered the presidential campaign. 
In 2007, McCormick won the Chicago Tribune's Beck Award for Outstanding Profession Performance with another reporter for a year-long series on teen driving fatalities that led to changes in Illinois law. In 2009, he won the Chicago Tribune's Beck Award for Domestic Reporting with two other reporters for coverage of Obama's campaign.
After being promoted to the Tribune's Washington Bureau, McCormick resigned from the newspaper in July 2009 to join Bloomberg's Chicago Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="20124290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124290" title="The Daily Independent">
The Daily Independent

The Daily Independent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20124308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124308" title="Los Reyes de la Pista (Perú)">
Los Reyes de la Pista (Perú)

The Peruvian version of "Reyes de la pista (The Kings of the Dance floor)" is a spin-off or continuation of the successful reality television musical "Bailando por un Sueño" being the premiere date of November 15, 2008, hosted by Gisela Valcarcel The programs will be broadcast on Saturdays at 10 pm (−5 GMT) by Panamericana Television live from the studios Monitor, located in the Lima district of San Borja
Concept and schedule.
"Reyes de la pista" is a musical reality"and then direct "Dancing for a Dream ", where they face in a dance competition eight couples who occupied the first four places in the first two seasons of that show. Each pair is made up of a "dreamer" and a famous or "hero". The pair won under this program will be a prize of 30769 dollars and represent the Peru in Second International Dance Championship"', which will possibly take place in Argentina year 2009.
"Reyes de la pista", like his predecessor, will be part of the"prime time"on Saturday Panamericana Television, will air from 10:00 pm, lasting about two hours and a half, and also include the transmission of micro daily news from Monday to Friday throughout the regular programming of this television channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20124309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124309" title="Edward Edwards (librarian)">
Edward Edwards (librarian)

Edward Edwards (1812–1886) was a British librarian, library historian, and biographer. He was an important figure in the establishment of free libraries in the United Kingdom. He died and is buried in Niton on the Isle of Wight.
Early life and work.
He was born in London, England on 14 December 1812. His father, Anthony Turner Edwards, was a builder. There is no record of Edwards' education and early employments, but in 1836 he appears as a pamphleteer on subjects of public interest, and his productions evince considerable information as well as mental activity and intelligence. He wrote on national universities, with especial reference to the University of London, whose charter was then under discussion; on the British Museum, at the time undergoing thorough investigation from Benjamin Hawes' committee; and, at a somewhat later date, on the reform of the Royal Academy. His attention was probably directed to the latter subject by the work he undertook in 1837, in connection with the patentees of the Collas system of engraving, on the great seals of England, and on the medals struck under the French Empire. His account of the latter extends from 1804 to 1810, but was never completed. He also about this time assisted Mr. W. Macarthur in his account of New South Wales, though his name did not appear in connection with the work.
Association with the British Museum.
Meanwhile his pamphlet on the museum and the evidence he had given before the museum committee had attracted the attention of the authorities, and in 1839 he became a supernumerary assistant in the printed book department, for especial employment on the new catalogue ordered by the trustees. Edwards was one of the four coadjutors of Anthony Panizzi in framing the ninety-one rules for the formation of this catalogue, the others being John Winter Jones, afterwards principal librarian; Thomas Watts, afterwards keeper of printed books; and Serjeant Parry, then, like Edwards, a supernumerary assistant. On the commencement of the catalogue Edwards was assigned to the duty of cataloguing the collection of English civil war tracts, formed under Charles I and the Commonwealth by the bookseller Thomason, and containing more than thirty thousand separate pieces. These were entirely catalogued by him, and his titles are generally very good, sometimes perhaps overly detailed. The task seems to have absorbed his energies for several years, or any other literary work which he may have produced was anonymous. About 1846 he began to devote great attention to the statistics of libraries, collected returns supplied by foreign librarians or excerpted by himself from foreign publications, and published the results in the "Athenaeum". Unfortunately these statistics were frequently fallacious, and Mr. Watts, in a series of letters published in the "Athenaeum" under the signature "Verificator," easily showed that Edwards's assertions and conclusions were little to be relied on. They had served, however, to make him a popular authority, and he was able to render very valuable service to William Ewart, whose committee on free libraries in 1850 originated the Public Libraries Act. It was natural that Edwards should be offered the librarianship of the first important free library established under Mr. Ewart's act, which he was the more disposed to accept as his engagement at the museum had from various causes ceased to be satisfactory to himself or the authorities.
Association with the Manchester Free Library.
He accordingly became in 1850 the first librarian of the Manchester Free Library (opened 1852), and applied himself with much energy to the management and development of the institution. His project for a classified catalogue was published in 1855 in the form of a letter to Sir John Potter, chairman of the library committee. The relations of the librarian of a free library and his committee frequently require tact and forbearance on both sides, and this was certainly wanting on the part of Edwards, whose temper was naturally impatient of control, and who admits in the pamphlet already mentioned that he had been taxed both with indifference to economy and with an undue regard to his own reputation. His position grew more and more uneasy, and in 1858 he was compelled to resign.
Later life.
The rest of his life was devoted to the literary labours which will chiefly contribute to preserve his name. In 1859 appeared his "Memoirs of Libraries", a work of great value, containing a general history of libraries from the earliest ages, continued and supplemented by his "Libraries and their Founders", 1865. By his "Lives of the Founders of the British Museum" (1870) he made himself the historian of the national library. He had written the article "Libraries" in the "Encyclopædia Britannica", published (1869) a small book on "Free Town Libraries"; written his "Chapters on the Biographical History of the French Academy" (1864); edited the "Liber Monasterii de Hyda" for the Rolls Series; and produced (1865) his biography of Sir Walter Raleigh. The second volume is particularly valuable, containing for the first time a complete edition of Raleigh's correspondence; the memoir also has considerable merit, but it appeared almost simultaneously with that of James Augustus St. John; and it was remarked with surprise that each biography appeared to be deficient in whatever gave interest to the other, and that the two would need to be blended to produce a really satisfactory work. After the publication of his history of the museum, Edwards accepted an engagement to catalogue the library of Queen's College, Oxford, which occupied him for several years. On the formation of the Library Association in 1877 he was proposed as its first president, but was unable to carry out the role due to deafness.
After the completion of his Oxford engagement he retired to Niton, Isle of Wight, and occupied himself with projects for a recast of his "Memoirs of Libraries", with great alterations and improvements. A prospectus of the intended work was issued by Trübner & Co. Edwards negotiated for the appearance of a portion of it in the "Library Chronicle", and was understood to have collected considerable material for it, but it is unknown whether this still exists. His last published book was a "Handbook to Lists of Collective Biography", undertaken in conjunction with Mr. C. Hole, the first and only part of which appeared in 1885. He also wrote the greater part of the article "Newspapers" in the ninth edition of the "Encyclopædia Britannica".
In his final years in Niton, he lived in poverty, on the charity of Rev John Harrison, a Baptist minister. In November 1885, he was found in a state of hypothermia on the nearby downs, and caught pneumonia. He died at Niton, on 10 February 1886, and is buried in the graveyard of the local Church of England church.
References.
"Edward Edwards, the chief pioneer of municipal public libraries", Thomas Greenwood, London: Scott, Greenwood, 1902. Internet Archive edwardedwardschi00greeiala.

</doc>
<doc id="20124313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124313" title="Marko Milinković">
Marko Milinković

Marko Milinković (; born 16 April 1988) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays as midfielder or winger for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club Slovan Bratislava. In February 2011, Marko has signed three-years contract for Slovan Bratislava. His father Duško "Sulja" Milinković was also a footballer and played for Yugoslavia at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
International.
Milinković is a member of the Serbia national under-21 football team. He debuted against Denmark at the Play-off for Final Tournament 2009 EURO U-21 Championship on 11 October 2008. In second leg against Denmark he scored his first goal. Milinković played first half against Belarus at the 2009 EURO U-21 Championship.
On 12 August 2009, Marko made his senior international debut in a 3–1 away win against South Africa in a friendly.

</doc>
<doc id="20124315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124315" title="Geauga Lake (Ohio)">
Geauga Lake (Ohio)

Geauga Lake, first known as Picnic Lake, is a natural lake located in Northeast Ohio, USA, on the border between the city of Aurora in Portage County and Bainbridge Township in Geauga County, near Cleveland.
History.
First known as Picnic Lake, the Geauga lake area was home to early settlers such as the Staffords, Mark Patterson, Capt. Simon Henry with his wife Rhoda Parsons and their children, Charles Swires, the Brewsters, and Bohan Blair. There is currently a city park and ballfields on East Blvd. in Aurora, named after this lake. Geauga Lake is situated in lot twenty-eight, tract three, and is the head water of Tinker's Creek which empties into Cuyahoga river. The waters of this lake are very pure and of great depth.
Sullivan Giles, who chose the lake area for his log cabin in 1817, later built a large frame home on the spot behind Geauga Lake depot on the north side of the lake. When the railroad came to town in 1856, it made a stop at "pond station".
Giles took advantage of his scenic lake location and, in the last half of the 19th century, established picnic grounds, a dance hall, and other entertainment near his home for the all day pleasure of residents and those taking the train to the country for a getaway. On a bluff on the southeast side of the lake in 1888, the 75-room Kent House Hotel (later known as Hotel Grace) was built and operated by Alexander G. Kent. He presided over one of the finest ballroom dancing facilities in the area, located on the third floor of the hotel. The hotel was later destroyed by fire in the early 20th century.
The Cleveland Ice company located their buildings here, which were annually packed with many thousand tons of ice, which was mostly shipped to Cleveland for market during the warmer months.
Three professional baseball games were played at the park on Sundays (plus a Thursday exhibition game) in July and August 1888, by the Cleveland Forest Citys in the major league American Association before Sunday games were moved to Beyerle's Park closer to Cleveland in September 1888.
At the time, a full-sized steamboat circled the lake, towing a large scow, topped with a dance floor. The boat, first owned by William Banford and Rowe Fuller, was later purchased by the Kents. In 1907, the boat was shipped by rail to Brady Lake near Kent.
The Geauga Lake amusement park itself was established in 1887. Two years later the park introduced its first amusement-type ride and generated as much smoke as it did steam. Next, Kent added a roller rink, photo gallery, billiard hall and bowling alley. The bowling alley still stands and is currently home to the Aurora V.F.W. The roller rink still stands and is also known as "the old ballroom". The amusement park continued in operation until 2007 when the park closed forever. It then became a water park only, Geauga Lake's Wildwater Kingdom. Geauga Lake was later removed from its name making it just, "Wildwater Kingdom".

</doc>
<doc id="20124324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124324" title="Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law">
Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law

The Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law (MPEPIL) is an online encyclopedia dealing with international law. It is published under the auspices of Professor Rüdiger Wolfrum, Director of the Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law. The initiative to compile the MPEPIL began in 2004 and the online version launched in September 2008. It represents a new edition of the "Encyclopedia of Public International Law" published between 1991 and 2001 by Rudolf Bernhardt. In February 2012, the print edition was published by Oxford University Press.
Description.
MPEPIL is an updated, comprehensive work covering the essential topics in international law. The new work is not just a revision of Rudolf Bernhardt’s encyclopedia. Instead, new authors completely rewrote nearly all entries. MPEPIL includes numerous new topics in order to capture the latest developments in international law. To do justice to the changing nature of the law, an increased emphasis has been be placed on the relevance of each keyword for contemporary international law. Particular attention has been paid to the contextualization of each topic within international law as well as the presentation of current trends while maintaining a focus on the mainstream/majority view. In order to reach the goal of avoiding a purely Eurocentric perspective the assistance of academics and practitioners from various legal backgrounds and perspectives was obtained already in the early stages of the undertaking. The intention is that MPEPIL is a work that reflects international law from a global perspective while taking into account also regional views.
Contents.
MPEPIL currently contains 1,618 articles. A total of 1,700 articles are planned for the site, with four content updates per year. Upon completion, the MPEPIL will cover the following overarching subject areas and article types:
Given that the information contained in many of the articles may become outdated, authors are asked to update their articles once a year in the first three years after electronic publication of the entire MPEPIL.
Personnel and management.
Contributors.
Over 800 authors from around the globe (74 countries) have agreed to submit articles to the MPEPIL. Among them are not only distinguished professors, judges and legal practitioners, who are involved international law, but also up-and-coming academics and researchers. The latter have been included in order to promote the progressive character of the MPEPIL.
Advisory Board.
An Advisory Board, consisting of renowned experts in various fields of international law, applies its expertise to ensure the quality and excellence of each article. They carefully read and evaluate each article, keeping in mind the high standard of the publication. The members of the Advisory Board include: Rudolf Bernhardt, Armin von Bogdandy, Edith Brown Weiss, Jean-Pierre Cot, Yoram Dinstein, Thomas Franck, Jochen Abr. Frowein, Meinhard Hilf, Rahmatullah Khan, Martti Koskenniemi, Thomas Läufer, Thomas A. Mensah, Hanspeter Neuhold, Francisco Orrego Vicuña, W. Michael Reisman, Bruno Simma, Daniel Thürer, Christian Tomuschat, Tullio Treves, Rüdiger Wolfrum, and Michael Wood.
Staff.
At the Max Planck Institute, a number of persons are or have been involved in the MPEPIL project since its initiation. The staff includes: Managing Editors, responsible for preparatory work, oversight over the project as a whole and to that end, involvement at all stages of the editorial and publication process, all the while ensuring a high level of quality for each article. Internal legal advisors, who are Senior Research Fellows at the Max Planck Institute, assist with quality-assurance in their supervision of the overarching themes as well as examination of articles. Editorial Staff consists of Support Staff, Editors, and Student Assistants. The Support Staff assist in the daily administration of the project. Editors review each article to ensure they are in keeping with the project’s style guidelines and make certain the validity and content of the authors’ statements.
Availability.
The MPEPIL is available in electronic form. Oxford University Press (OUP) started the online publication in September 2008 with more than 450 articles. Regular updates will steadily expand the MPEPIL until all of its content can be accessed online. As of December 2012, the total number of articles stood at 1,618. In 2012, a print edition was published.
Oxford Law Citator.
The MPEPIL features the Oxford Law Citator. This system links together OUP online materials that mention or discuss each other, and provides the user with further information on all references which are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="20124329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124329" title="Williamsburg Houses">
Williamsburg Houses

The Williamsburg Houses, originally called the Ten Eyck Houses, is a New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) development in the Williamsburg, Brooklyn neighborhood, New York City, New York. 
The Williamsburg Houses were built in 1936–1938 under the auspices of the Housing Division of the Public Works Administration (PWA). Standing between Maujer and Scholes Streets, and Leonard Street and Bushwick Avenue, its 20 four-story residential buildings occupy twelve city blocks. It was one of the first and most costly (in 1937 dollars) of New York City housing projects. New York City Mayor Fiorello La Guardia poured the first shovel of concrete for the project and was a strong supporter of the project despite its cost ($12.5 million in 1936). The site is the former home of Williamsburg Continuation School and the Finco Dye and Print Works Inc.
The chief architect of the project was Richmond Shreve, and the design team of nine other architects was led by the pioneering Swiss-American modernist William Lescaze, whose Philadelphia Saving Fund Society building of 1928-32 was one of the first major International Style buildings in the United States. The construction contract was awarded to Starrett Brothers & Eken, which had worked closely with Shreve on the Empire State Building and later built the housing developments Parkchester, Stuyvesant Town, and Peter Cooper Village. The 20 residential buildings of the Williamsburg Houses are positioned to allow a sequence of courtyards, playgrounds, and ball courts between them; a school and community building are part of the site plan, and two curving pedestrian pathways cut through the grounds. The houses are oriented towards the sun at a 15-degree angle.
The housing project was conveyed by the federal government to the NYCHA in 1957. A $70-million-dollar renovation was done in 1999 by the NYCHA's architect David J. Burney. 
Because of its innovative International Style design, the housing project designs called for the inclusion of modern art. Working with Lescaze, the NYC Federal Arts Project mural division, headed by abstract artist Burgoyne Diller, handled the commissions. Five abstract murals by Ilya Bolotowsky, Balcomb Greene, Paul Kelpe, and Albert Swinden were installed in basement meeting rooms in the late 1930s. Three of them long-covered over with paint, these murals were rediscovered in the late 1980s. After careful removal and restoration, the Williamsburg murals were installed at the Brooklyn Museum in 1990, where they remain on long-term loan from the NYCHA. Other artists received commissions for the project but their murals were ultimately not used. Stuart Davis painted a large semi-abstract mural entitled "Swing Landscape" for the project, but the work was instead sold by the Federal Art Gallery in New York, eventually landing up at the Indiana University Art Museum. Francis Criss completed a 1938 oil-on-canvas mural called "Sixth Avenue El", a realist abstraction of a Sixth Avenue El platform. The subject was timely, given that the elevated line was closed in late 1938 and razed in 1939. However, Criss's mural was never installed. According to "Time" magazine, it was rejected because the color scheme didn't match the prescribed colors for the project. (It's now at the Whitney Museum of American Art.) Other artists engaged for the mural commissions were Jan Matulka, Byron Browne, George McNeil, Willem de Kooning, Harry Bowden, and Eugene Morley. Abstract sculptures, including work by Martin Craig and Jose de Rivera, were also part of the initial plans. The status of the uncompleted murals and sculptures has not been fully established.
New York City Council politician Rosie Méndez grew up in the development. The Williamsburg Houses were designated a New York City Landmark in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20124335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124335" title="Scottish Women's Premier League">
Scottish Women's Premier League

The Scottish Women's Premier League was founded in 2002 and is the highest level of women's football in Scotland. The team that finish top of the Premier League qualify for the UEFA Women's Champions League.
In 2009 the women's game in Scotland adopted a summer season which now runs from March to November each year.
Format.
From season 2012, the 12 teams in the league will play each other once before the league splits into a top 6 and bottom 6 based on the league positions at that stage. The top 6 then play each other home and away for the Premier League title, while the bottom 6 play each other home and away to avoid being relegated. After the season is complete, the teams which finish in positions 11 and 12 will be relegated to the Scottish Women's First Division.
The tie-breakers are
If still tied there is a deciding game or games.
2013 Scottish Women's Premier League.
Glasgow City are the reigning champions. The 2012 Scottish Women's First Division winners, Hibernian Reserves and runners-up Celtic Reserves were ineligible for promotion as their parent clubs are current SWPL members. Buchan Ladies and Kilwinning SC who finished in third and fourth place respectively, will join the SWPL for season 2013. F.C. Kilmarnock Ladies and Inverness Ladies were relegated to the SWFL.
The most regular home ground is shown though many clubs play matches at other venues throughout the season.
Previous League Champions.
Before the Premier League, the top division in women's football was called the Scottish League. At five league championships were played prior to the creation of the Premier League.
Scottish League winners were:
Premier League.
The former Premier League champions are:

</doc>
<doc id="20124340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124340" title="Jin Sha">
Jin Sha

Jin Sha (; born Lan Feilin) (born March 14, 1983), better known as Kym, is a Chinese singer and actress. She was born in Shanghai and speaks Mandarin, English, and Shanghainese. She enjoys using the internet as well as reading.
Career.
Kym's career started with a role in the drama "Sky" "(十八岁的天空)" in 2003. In the same year, she appeared in A-do's MV. In 2004, she signed with Ocean Butterflies Music Pte Ltd and released her debut album, "Air". She has three duets with JJ Lin who was under the same label. She recently appeared as a judge on a singing competition in which the winner would get to collaborate with JJ Lin.

</doc>
<doc id="20124344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124344" title="Nickelodeon (Europe)">
Nickelodeon (Europe)

Nickelodeon the cable and digital satellite television network dedicated to kids. Nickelodeon is widely available throughout Europe as a subscription service or free-to-air service; depending on what region in Europe you are living in. Nickelodeon is seen in 24.2 million households throughout Europe, via channels and blocks.
Nickelodeon is operated by MTV Networks Europe on behalf of its owner Viacom. Nickelodeon first launched in Europe in the United Kingdom in 1993, following this Nickelodeon subsequently launched a pan-European version of the channel and other local Nickelodeon channels.
Pan-European Nickelodeon.
The Pan-European version, known as Nickelodeon airs a selection of programming from Nickelodeon in the USA and local shows from Nickelodeon in the UK and Australia. Nickelodeon Europe is a 24-hour pan-regional feed reaching Europe. The channel is primarily available in English with additional soundtracks in Russian, Hungarian and Serbian. A total of more than 68 million homes across Europe and Central Asia can view the pan-European version of Nickelodeon. In a number of countries in Europe also host a local version of the channel and/or localized programming blocks. The UK/Ireland version of the network launched their HD simulcast channel on October 5, 2010 over Sky, and it is expected that further launches of HD channels will occur across the continent in the next few years.
Global On-Air Identity.
In January 2010, Viacom International launched a global on-air identity campaign for its Nickelodeon channels worldwide (except Nickelodeon US, which adopted the new look identity September 28, 2009). The new look on air-identity debuted on Nickelodeon (France) January 29, 2010, Nickelodeon UK, and Nickelodeon Ireland on February 15, 2010, Nickelodeon (Poland) on March 4,in Africa on March 13, 2010, and on Nickelodeon Netherlands, Germany, Nickelodeon Austria and Nickelodeon Switzerland on March 31, 2010. The new look design incorporates the newly designed Nickelodeon logo which originally launched on Nickelodeon US in September, 2009. The roll-out of Nickelodeon's new global on-air, online and offline branding will take place throughout 2010 on all Nickelodeon channels worldwide (with exception to Nickelodeon US). Nickelodeon Europe picked up the new 2011 look from Nick USA in 2012. The first country to pick up the new bumpers was Nickelodeon (UK & Ireland). It first got random airings of these bumpers in October 2011 and they were fully used from January 2, 2012.
Nickelodeon Branded Programming Blocks in EMEA.
Localized language programming:

</doc>
<doc id="20124350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124350" title="Hampton, Cheshire">
Hampton, Cheshire

Hampton, containing the village of Hampton Heath, is a civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. According to the 2001 UK census, the total population of the civil parish was 409.
The Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway used to pass through Hampton and was the site of the Malpas railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="20124357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124357" title="Planning Act 2008">
Planning Act 2008

The Planning Act 2008 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to speed up the process for approving major new infrastructure projects such as airports, roads, harbours, energy facilities such as nuclear power and waste facilities. Along with the Climate Change Bill and the Energy Bill this bill was considered by the Brown administration to be one of the "three legislative pillars of the Government's strategy to secure long-term prosperity and quality of life for all".
Progress.
On 13 December 2010, the coalition government introduced the Localism Bill, which will make changes to the regime under the Planning Act 2008. It will replace the Infrastructure Planning Commission with a Major Infrastructure Planning Unit of the Planning Inspectorate, and return decision-making to the Secretary of State. It will also allow the House of Commons to be able to veto National Policy Statements, and makes other changes to the Planning Act regime.
Positions.
Political parties.
Labour.
Labour introduced the Bill that became the Planning Act, although some 60 Labour members signed a Commons Motion opposing plans to set up an independent commission in May 2008.
Conservative.
The Conservatives were opposed to the Infrastructure Planning Commission while in opposition and are now in the process of replacing it with part of the Planning Inspectorate via the Localism Bill, which is likely to be implemented in April 2012.
Prime Minister David Cameron said before the 2010 election that "This quango is going to be almost entirely divorced from the processes of democracy. That is wrong. People need a planning system in which they feel they have a say – both at national and local level. That is why this Bill is getting such widespread opposition from so many different quarters"
The coalition government have, however, retained the concept of National Policy Statements, the authorisation regime and the Community Infrastructure Levy
Liberal Democrats.
The Liberal Democrats were also opposed the Infrastructure Planning Commission. Previously opposed to nuclear power, they are also granted the ability to vote against the nuclear power National Policy Statement when it comes before Parliament.
Environmental groups.
Friends of the Earth say that the government must make Climate Change a central consideration in the decision making process.
In November 2007 major environmental groups described the Planning Bill as a 'Developer's charter'
and the head of planning at the RSPB expressed concern saying that although the minister claimed that the bill will help protect the environment that it was more likely to aid developers trying to push through major schemes with scant regard to wildlife and the countryside and could "fast track environmental harm".
Trade unions and businesses.
John Cridland, then Deputy Director-General of the Confederation of British Industry supported the bill saying that it was in the national interest and would facilitate the building of infrastructure that will help Britain protect its energy security, build renewable power sources to cut carbon, and invest for the future”.
The Infrastructure Planning Commission (IPC).
The Infrastructure Planning Commission was formed on 1 October 2009 with a brief to oversee planning applications for major infrastructure projects (also known as nationally significant infrastructure projects (NSIPs)) such as power stations, roads, railways and airports claiming to cut the time to make a decision from seven years to less than a year and saving the taxpayer £300 million per year.
Applications for large energy and transport projects had to be made to the IPC from 1 March 2010, but by December 2010 only two applications had in fact been made, one of which the IPC refused to accept as inadequately prepared. Despite claims that the general public would be cut out of the authorisation process, over 1000 representations were made on the application that the IPC accepted.
Community Infrastructure Levy.
The Community Infrastructure Levy is a form of planning gain tax, where a proportion of the increase in value on land as a result of planning permission is used to finance the supporting infrastructure, such as schools and will 'unlock housing growth'

</doc>
<doc id="20124373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124373" title="Andreas Acrivos">
Andreas Acrivos

Andreas Acrivos (born 13 June 1928) is the Albert Einstein Professor of Science and Engineering, Emeritus at the City College of New York. He is also the Director of the Benjamin Levich Institute for Physicochemical Hydrodynamics.
Education and career.
Born in Athens, Greece, Acrivos moved to the United States to pursue an engineering education. He received a Bachelor's degree from Syracuse University in 1950, a Master's degree from the University of Minnesota in 1951, and a Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1954; all in chemical engineering.
Acrivos is considered to be one of the great fluid dynamicists of the 20th century. In 1954 Acrivos joined the faculty at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1962, he moved to Stanford University where he helped Professor David Mason build one of the world's finest chemical engineering programs. In 1987 Acrivos joined as the Albert Einstein Professor of Science and Engineering at The City College of the City University of New York, a chair vacated by the death of renowned fluid dynamicist Benjamin Levich.

</doc>
<doc id="20124378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124378" title="No Can Do">
No Can Do

"No Can Do" is a song by English girl group Sugababes from their sixth studio album, "Catfights and Spotlights" (2008). It was written by Jason Pebworth and George Astasio of The Invisible Men, Jon Shave and VV Brown, and produced by The Invisible Men in collaboration with Si Hulbert. The song was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 19 December 2008 as the album's second and final single. "No Can Do" is a pop song with influences of R&B and soul. It contains a sample of Sweet Charles Sherrell's "Yes It's You", and contains influences of Motown music and songs performed by The Jackson 5.
The song received mixed reviews from critics, who were ambivalent towards its Motown influence. "No Can Do" peaked at number 23 on the UK Singles Chart and is one of the group's lowest-charting singles in the UK. The single also charted on the Danish and Slovakian airplay charts. The music video for "No Can Do" was directed by Marco Puig, and was inspired by a piece of pop created by Allen Jones in the 1960s. It features the group using twenty half-naked men as objects such as cars, motorcycles and bridges. The Sugababes performed the song in November 2008 to promote the release of the New Xbox Experience, and at Ponty's Big Weekend in July 2009.
Background and release.
Following the release of their fifth studio album, "Change" (2007), and the completion of its supporting tour, the Sugababes announced that they would take a year-long break to record their sixth studio album. Despite the announcement, the trio soon began work on the album, titled "Catfights and Spotlights", which they eventually recorded within a matter of weeks and in between various festivals. "No Can Do" was co-written and co-produced by The Invisible Men team members Jason Pebworth and George Astasio. The two musicians co-wrote the song in collaboration with Jon Shave and VV Brown, and co-produced it with Si Hulbert. The song was programmed collectively by Hulbert, Shave, Pebworth and Melvin Kuiters, mixed by Jeremy Wheatley and engineered by Dave Palmer. "No Can Do" was recorded at Metropolis Studios in London, England.
"No Can Do" was released as the second and final single from "Catfights and Spotlights". When Digital Spy questioned group member Keisha Buchanan about her reaction to its release, she responded: "I'm really excited about it. I'm looking forward to people hearing another side to the album. This single has got a kind of Jackson 5 feel to it which I love. The whole album has got a really old-school, laid-back Motown sound, so hopefully 'No Can Do' will get more people interested in the album." "No Can Do" was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 19 December 2008. The following day, it was made available as a CD single, which consists of three remixes of the track and a cover version of Keane's song "Spiralling".
Composition and lyrics.
"No Can Do" is an uptempo pop song with influences of R&B and soul. It features prominent bass instrumentation provided by the keyboard, guitar, trombone, trumpet, saxophone and brass. "No Can Do" is based around a sample of Sweet Charles Sherrell's "Yes It's You", as written and produced by Nugetre and Hal Ritson, respectively. The song is largely inspired by Motown music and is reminiscent of songs performed by The Jackson 5, namely their 1969 song "I Want You Back". Adrian Thrills of the "Daily Mail" described it as "a bubbly Jackson Five pastiche". The Motown influences are most evident within the song's beat. The record's influences also derive from the music of girl groups from the 1960s. According to the digital sheet music published at Sheet Music Direct, "No Can Do" was composed in the key of G major using common time, with a tempo of 96 beats per minute.
Matthew Chisling of AllMusic noted that the song " on the recurring themes of enticing harmonies and vocal showcasing which are seen as the most dominant traits that the girls are showing off this time around". The lyrics of "No Can Do" address the riddance of a boyfriend, following the group's "trademark super-energised big goodbye songs". Buchanan stated during an interview with BBC's Sarah Jane Griffiths that the lyrics are "about your partner treating you really bad and you saying, 'Not any more. Or No Can Do'".
Response.
Critical reception.
Critical reception for "No Can Do" was mixed. David Balls of Digital Spy gave the song a two out of five star rating, and wrote, "in comparison to the majority of the group's singles, it's a half-hearted, bland and middle of the road offering that lacks the excitement of Sugababes at their best". He did, however, call the song an improvement from the group's previous single "Girls". A writer from Orange criticised the song's incorporation of multiple genres as "less than the sum of its parts". The reviewer was also unfavourable of the sampling of "Yes It's You", which was noted as "giving the ladies' warblings a strange air of karaoke with the wrong lyrics" as a result of its resemblance to "I Want You Back". The writer concluded the review by stating that "things are just a little lacklustre; the trio's vocals are still strong, but missing the sass that made them famous".
Entertainment.ie's Lauren Murphy regarded "No Can Do" and album track "Side Chick" as "feeble uptempo tracks that sound like they've been plucked at random from a pop factory conveyor belt". A writer from the "Daily Record" commented that "as much as ['No Can Do'] is mainstream and poppy, it's hardly their most remarkable offering". Popjustice considered the song to be "above average" but not the best track from the album, while Fraser McAlphine of the BBC Chart Blog wrote that it "won't be the all-conquering pop superbeast that it could be". A positive response came from AllMusic writer Matthew Chisling, who considered the song to be a "show-stopping and stated that it "work[s as shimmering displays of subtle strength". Virgin Media's Johnny Dee praised inclusion of the Motown beat, which according to him makes the song "feel retro and modern simultaneously.
Commercial performance.
"No Can Do" entered the UK Singles Chart on 13 December 2008 at number 170, based on digital downloads from "Catfights and Spotlights". Upon its release as a single, the song peaked at number 23 in the issue dated 10 January 2009 with 12,890 copies sold. Subsequently, "No Can Do" became the group's lowest-charting single since 2006's "Follow Me Home" and their third-lowest charting single overall. The song is also one of their lowest-selling singles to date. "No Can Do" brought the Sugababes' total single sales in the UK to three million. The single also peaked at number eleven on the Danish airplay chart, number 53 on the Slovakian airplay chart, and number 67 on "Billboard"'s European Hot 100 Singles chart.
Music video.
The music video for "No Can Do" was directed by Marco Puig, who previously directed videos for recording artists such as Robbie Williams and Madonna. The video was filmed in November 2008, and was released onto the iTunes Store later that month. On YouTube, it was released on 2 December 2008. The video's inspiration stemmed from a piece of art created by the sculptor Allen Jones in the 1960s, involving the use of female mannequins as everyday pieces of furniture. Shortly before its release, pictures of the group's members with men in tight underpants surfaced online; according to Alison Maloney of "The Sun", this " little to the imagination". The Sugababes wore glamorous gowns and had large hair and long eyelashes for the video, which features twenty muscly men who are used as pieces of furniture.
The video opens with a scene of group member Amelle Berrabah, who is spread out on the floor and surrounded by multiple men. Berrabah, Buchanan and other group member Heidi Range join together and walk on a bridge, which is constructed by the men's bodies. Later, Buchanan straddles onto two men who pretend to be a motorbike. Berrabah and Range then drive a car made from the men's bodies. During the milk bar scene, the trio are surrounded by men who are used as tables and lamps. Another scene shows Berrabah and Range in a car constructed by the men. At the end of the video, Range uses a microphone to yell at the men who are standing in a line. Buchanan spoke upon the experiences of filming of the video to David Balls of Digital Spy, saying:
Balls described the video as "a little racier than we'd expect from Keisha and Co", but acknowledged that "it's nice to see the girls letting their hair down for a change". He compared it to the music video for Kylie Minogue's 2003 single "Slow". "The Sun" commented that " girls' saucy antics are sure to get lads' hearts racing". However, VV Brown, the co-writer of "No Can Do", stated that she did not expect the video to be racy: "Being very honest, I didn't see in that way. I saw the song as more fun and cheeky, rather than sassy and glossy like that. They're all beautiful girls though and it's a really good video."
Live performances and impact.
The Sugababes performed "No Can Do" on 14 November 2008 for Children in Need. The trio performed the song later that month to promote the release of the New Xbox Experience, as part of a set list that included their singles "Push the Button" and "About You Now". They performed "No Can Do" on 18 July 2009 at Ponty’s Big Weekend, which was held at Ynysangharad Park in Pontypridd, Wales, and dedicated the performance to Michael Jackson who died a month earlier. Buchanan named "No Can Do" one of her favourite songs from the Sugababes' career, stating: "I love 'No Can Do' because it's such a different sound for us. I really like the whole old-school, laid-back sound and it's got a kind of Jackson 5 feel to it which I love."
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "Catfights and Spotlights".

</doc>
<doc id="20124382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124382" title="1992 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1992 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Sergi Bruguera was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Goran Prpić.
Thomas Muster won in the final 6–3, 6–1, 6–3, against Aaron Krickstein.

</doc>
<doc id="20124392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124392" title="Milorad Bilbija">
Milorad Bilbija

Milorad Bilbija (; born 17 July 1964 in Sanski Most) is a retired Bosnian Serb professional footballer who played for Borac Banja Luka, and had a brief spell with Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Super Lig.
Personal life.
His son, Nemanja Bilbija, is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20124400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124400" title="Blanchette Archeological Site">
Blanchette Archeological Site

The Blanchette Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124401" title="First Presbyterian Church Archeological Site">
First Presbyterian Church Archeological Site

The First Presbyterian Church Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124402" title="Grange Archeological Site">
Grange Archeological Site

The Grange Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124403" title="Hawks Archeological Site">
Hawks Archeological Site

The Hawks Archeological Site is a historic site in Edgewater, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124407" title="Janet's Archeological Site">
Janet's Archeological Site

The Janet's Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124408" title="2006 Ukrainian Amateur Cup">
2006 Ukrainian Amateur Cup

This year ODEK Orzhiv started from the quarterfinals. All the other teams started from the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20124413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124413" title="List of The Story of Tracy Beaker episodes">
List of The Story of Tracy Beaker episodes

The following is a list of "The Story of Tracy Beaker" episodes. It was filmed from 2001 to 2005 and aired from 2002-2006
Series One: The Best of Me (2002).
Series One was filmed in 2001 and aired in 2002
Series Two: More of Me (2003).
Series 2 was filmed in 2002 and aired in 2003
Series Three: Starring Me (2004).
Series 3 was filmed in 2003 and aired in 2004
Series Four: Totally Me (2005).
Series 4 was filmed in 2004 and aired in 2005
Series Five: Farewell From Me (2006).
Series 5 was filmed in 2005 and aired in 2006

</doc>
<doc id="20124415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124415" title="Scottish Women's Football League First Division">
Scottish Women's Football League First Division

The Scottish Women's First Division is the second tier of women's football in Scotland. Two teams are promoted from this league into the Scottish Women's Premier League. Teams are relegated into one of four Regional Scottish Women's Second Divisions.
Members 2013 Season.
2012 champions Hibernian Reserves and second placed Celtic Reserves were ineligible for promotion due to both already having parent teams in the SWPL. 3rd placed Buchan L.F.C. and 4th placed Kilwinning SC were subsequently promoted, replacing the relegated F.C. Kilmarnock Ladies and Inverness City.
Dunfermline Athletic, East Fife, Hearts and Murieston United were promoted from the regional Second Divisions. Hibernian Reserves have withdrawn to compete in a newly formed Development League, with the relegated reserve teams of Glasgow City and Forfar Farmington. These three have been joined by Second Division reserve teams of Spartans and Hamilton Academical.
Airdrie United Ladies are now playing as Cumbernauld Colts. Troon Ladies merged with Glasgow Girls and assume the latter name.
The most regular home ground, if any, is shown. Most clubs play matches at other venues throughout the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20124418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124418" title="Ota Fukárek">
Ota Fukárek

Ota Fukárek (born January 18, 1977 in Jablonec nad Nisou) is a retired tennis player from Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20124430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124430" title="1984 Caribbean Series">
1984 Caribbean Series

The XXVI edition of the Caribbean Series ("Serie del Caribe") was played in . It was held from February 4 through February 9 with the champions teams from Dominican Republic (Tigres del Licey), Mexico (Cañeros de Los Mochis), Puerto Rico (Indios de Mayagüez) and Venezuela (Águilas del Zulia). The format consisted of 12 games, each team facing the other teams twice. The games were played at Hiram Bithorn Stadium in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Summary.
Águilas del Zulia of the Venezuelan league won the series with a 5–1 record and was managed by Rubén Amaro. RF Leonel Carrión earned the Series MVP award, after hitting a .529 batting average (9-for-17) with five runs, four stolen bases and a .765 slugging percentage. Supporting him on Venezuela were 1B Tito Francona (.333, 5 RBI, .407 SLG), 3B Luis Salazar (.227 BA, .333 OBP, .571 SLG, three SB) and LF Jerry White (.308 BA, .462 SLG, five RBI). The pitching staff posted a collective .173 ERA and was led by Ron Meredith (1-0, 1.00 ERA, 7 strikeouts, 9 innings), Luis Leal (1-0, 3.00, 13 SO, 9 innings), Derek Botelho (1-0, .000 ERA, 7 innings) and Kelly Downs (1-0, one save, .311, 6 SO in 8 ⅔ innings). Other significant members of the roster included pitchers Porfi Altamirano, Luis Sánchez and Manny Sarmiento; catcher Bobby Ramos; infielders Juan Bustabad, Johnny Paredes, Razor Shines and Manny Trillo, and outfielders Jeff Stone and César Tovar. The team's only defeat came on the final day of the competition, losing 5–4 to Mexico in 13 innings. Five Venezuelan players were included in the All-Star team.
The Mexican entry, led by Vinicio García, finished in second place with a 4-2 mark, and featured bigleaguers as Fernando Arroyo (P), Francisco Estrada (C), Jim Lewis (P), Junior Moore (OF) and Aurelio Rodríguez (3B). The Mochis also ended second in batting average (.214) but committed 14 errors for a .945 fielding percentage, which was the worst total among all teams (Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico and Venezuela combined for 13 errors).
Dominican Republic tied with Puerto Rico for last place with a 1-4 record. They tied at 5 in the eighth inning of a game suspended by rain.
The Dominicans, piloted by Manny Mota, finished third in batting average (.208) and fielding percentage (.955). Pascual Pérez (1-0) got their only win, while the top hitter was OF George Bell, who belted the only three home runs of his team to lead the tourney. The Licey team also featured players Pedro Borbón (P), Dámaso García (2B), César Gerónimo (LF), Mark Huismann (P), Howard Johnson (3B), Rafael Landestoy (RF), Alejandro Peña (P), Floyd Rayford (1B), Gilberto Reyes (C), Rafael Santana (2B), Julio Solano (P) and José Uribe (SS). 
Puerto Rico, managed by Frank Verdi, led the series in fielding percentage (.975) but finished last in batting average (.192). Pitcher Tom Candiotti won the only game for Mayagüez while first baseman Carmelo Martínez led the attack (2 HR, 5 RBI). Other members of the roster were Juan Agosto (P), Larry Anderson (P), Sid Bream (DH), José Guzmán (P), Dion James (LF), Tom Lawless (2B), Craig Lefferts (P), Ron LeFlore (RF), Candy Maldonado (CF), José Morales (DH), Luis Quiñones (3B) and Dickie Thon (SS).
<br>
<br>
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="20124447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124447" title="Harry Packer">
Harry Packer

Harry Packer (9 September 1868–25 May 1946) was an English-born international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Newport and was capped seven times for Wales. Packer had a long association with rugby, as a player, selector, official and in 1924 was the manager of the touring British Isles team.
International rugby career.
Packer was born in Chipping Norton and educated in the South of England, playing rugby at school boy level for Devon County and West Buckland School. After moving to Wales he became part of the Newport team, and while with Newport was selected to represent Wales as part of the 1891 Home Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of William Bowen, Packer was part of the squad which faced England at Newport in the opening game of the campaign, but after Wales lost, Packer was dropped from the team. It would take four seasons for Packer to be reselected, when he was chosen for the second and third game of the 1895 Championship this time led by Welsh rugby legend Arthur Gould. Wales lost the Scotland game, but Packer experienced his first international victory in the game against Ireland at the Cardiff Arms Park.
Packer was selected for the entirety of the 1896 Championship, and was one of only three players from the pack to be retained during the Scotland game when the selectors brought in five new caps. Packer played his final international game the next year in a memorable win against England. This would be Wales' only game of the year after the team lost their international playing status due to the 'Gould Affair'
In 1924 Packer was chosen to manage the British team on their tour of South Africa.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20124454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124454" title="René Eckardt">
René Eckardt

René Eckardt (born 22 February 1990 in Jena, Thuringia) is a German football midfielder who is currently a free agent.
Career.
Eckardt began his career SV Lobeda 77 before 1998 moving to the youth from FC Carl Zeiss Jena in October 2008 was promoted to the first team. He played 7 games before he scored his first goal on 22 November 2008 against Stuttgarter Kickers.
International career.
On 27 August 2009 he earned his first call up for Germany U-20 national team for a friendly game against Austria U-20.

</doc>
<doc id="20124455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124455" title="Dorival das Neves Ferraz Júnior">
Dorival das Neves Ferraz Júnior

Dorival das Neves Ferraz Júnior, most commonly known as Dorival, (born 13 April 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for América Futebol Clube (MG).

</doc>
<doc id="20124498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124498" title="Rebel in Paradise">
Rebel in Paradise

Rebel in Paradise is a 1960 American documentary film on the artist Paul Gauguin produced by Robert D. Fraser. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20124501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124501" title="Hanany–Witten transition">
Hanany–Witten transition

In theoretical physics the Hanany–Witten transition, also called the Hanany–Witten effect, refers to any process in a superstring theory in which two p-branes cross resulting in the creation or destruction of a third p-brane. A special case of this process was first discovered by Amihay Hanany and Edward Witten in their 1996 paper Type IIB Superstrings, BPS Monopoles, And Three-Dimensional Gauge Dynamics. All other known cases of Hanany–Witten transitions are related to the original case via combinations of S-dualities and T-dualities.
The original effect.
The original Hanany–Witten transition was discovered in type IIB superstring theory in flat, 10-dimensional Minkowski space. They considered a configuration of NS5-branes, D5-branes and D3-branes which today is called a Hanany–Witten brane cartoon. They demonstrated that a subsector of the corresponding open string theory is described by a 3-dimensional Yang–Mills gauge theory. However they found that the string theory space of solutions, called the moduli space, only agreed with the known Yang-Mills moduli space if whenever an NS5-brane and a D5-brane cross, a D3-brane stretched between them is created or destroyed.
They also presented various other arguments in support of their effect, such as a derivation from the worldvolume Wess–Zumino terms. This proof uses the fact that the flux from each brane renders the action of the other brane ill-defined if one does not include the D3-brane.
The S-rule.
Furthermore they discovered the S-rule, which states that in a supersymmetric configuration the number of D3-branes stretched between a D5-brane and an NS5-brane may only be equal to 0 or 1. Then the Hanany-Witten effect implies that after the D5-brane and the NS5-brane cross, if there was a single D3-brane stretched between them it will be destroyed, and if there was not one then one will be created.
Generalizations.
(p,q) 5-branes.
More generally, NS5-branes and D5-branes may form bound states known as (p,q) 5-branes. The above argument was extended in Branes and Supersymmetry Breaking in Three Dimensional Gauge Theories to the case of a (p,q) and a (p',q') 5-brane which cross. The authors found that the number of D3-branes created or destroyed must be equal to pq'-p'q. Furthmore they showed that this leads to a generalized S-rule, which states that in a supersymmetric configuration the number of D3-branes never goes negative upon crossing two 5-branes. If it does go negative, then the gauge theory exhibits spontaneous supersymmetry breaking.
Dual forms of the effect.
Via a series of T-dualities one obtains the result that in any type II superstring theory, when an NS5-brane and a Dp-brane cross one necessarily creates of destroys a D(p-2)-brane. Lifting this statement to M-theory one finds that when two M5-branes cross, one creates or destroys an M2-brane. Using S-duality one may obtain transitions without NS5-brane. For example, when a D5-brane and a D3-cross one creates or destroys a fundamental string.
References.
http://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-th/9611230

</doc>
<doc id="20124537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124537" title="DBS National Security Vetting">
DBS National Security Vetting

DBS National Security Vetting is a unit within the Defence Business Services (DBS) organisation of the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence (MoD). It is responsible for vetting employees of the British Armed Forces, MoD, civil servants, defence contractors, and certain other government departments and organisations who work on contracts with certain government departments. It was formerly an executive agency known as the Defence Vetting Agency until 1 October 2011, when its executive agency status was removed and it was transferred into the new DBS organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="20124546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124546" title="Turnbull Colonists' House Archeological Site">
Turnbull Colonists' House Archeological Site

The Turnbull Colonists' House Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. It is located at 1919 North Dixie Freeway. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124559" title="Jimmy Connor (footballer born 1881)">
Jimmy Connor (footballer born 1881)

James "Jimmy" Connor was a Scottish professional footballer. He spent his entire career at Blackpool in the early 1900s, making almost 300 Football League appearances for the club.
Blackpool.
Bathgate-born Connor made his debut for Blackpool in the opening game of the 1905–06 season, scoring both goals in their 2–0 victory over Burton United at Bloomfield Road. He went on to appear in 33 of Blackpool's 38 league games that season, scoring a further four goals. He also appeared in all five of the club's FA Cup ties.
The following season, 1906–07, Connor's appearances were sporadic. After scoring in the opening league game at Barsnley, he missed the following seven games. Upon his return, on 20 October 1906, he scored two more goals in a 4–1 victory at home to Glossop. He made a total of thirteen league appearances, scoring four goals.
In 1907–08, Connor made 23 league appearances and scored one goal: Blackpool's second in a 2–1 home victory over Fulham on 11 April 1908.
The following 1908–09 league campaign, Connor missed only three games; however, for the first time since his arrival at the club, he failed to score.
1909–10 saw Connor make 35 league appearances, scoring four goals, all but one of which came in Blackpool victories.
He found the net on six occasions in 1910–11, including three in the first four league games.
Connor was ever-present throughout Blackpool's 42 league and cup fixtures of 1911–12. He scored two goals, both penalties in home league games — against Grimsby Town, firstly, and then against Fulham.
In 1912–13, Connor's league appearances came in bursts, followed by short omissions. He made 28 starts and scored three goals (again, all from the penalty spot).
He found himself more of a regular fixture in the side once again for the 1913–14 season, missing only two league games. He scored four goals, one of which was a game-winner against Leicester Fosse at Bloomfield Road on 10 April 1914.
The 1914–15 season was Connor's final one with Blackpool. He appeared in the first nine league games, the last of which — a 2–1 defeat at home to Leicester Fosse on 24 October 1914 — marked his final appearance for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20124563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124563" title="The Pleased">
The Pleased

The Pleased were a band active in San Francisco, California, United States between 2002 and 2006. They featured prominent freak folk performers and producers Joanna Newsom and Noah Georgeson. They self-released two EPs in 2002, "Never Complete" and "One Piece from the Middle", and in 2003, they released their debut album, "Don't Make Things", on the Big Wheel Recreation label.
References.
www.luckeyremington.com

</doc>
<doc id="20124574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124574" title="Philippe Mius d’Entremont">
Philippe Mius d’Entremont

Philippe Mius, sieur d’Entremont, 1st Baron of Poboncoup (14 November 1601 - 1700) was an early Acadian settler, and the first of the vast Muise and d’Entremont families of Nova Scotia.
Biography.
Baron Mius d’Entremont was born in Cherbourg, Normandy and came from a longtime noble family, and was brought to Acadia with his family in 1651 by the new governor Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour. The governor in July 1653 awarded him one of the few fiefs to constitute territory in North America, the Barony of Poboncoup, extending from Cap Nègre to Cap Fourchu (Yarmouth), and in 1670 appointed him lieutenant-major and commander of the king’s troops, and "procureur du roi" (crown attorney), which post he retained until 1687. 
He was briefly captured in 1654 by Major Robert Sedgwick, during the latter's pass through Acadia, but resurfaced with his family following this English occupation.
d’Entremont was important to the colony's history as an administrator, and because he promoted agriculture on his seigneury. The settlement and d'Entremont's residence were established at Pubnico, the modern spelling of "Poboncoup".
Family.
Philippe married Madeleine Hélie in Normandy and they came to Acadia with their daughter, Marguerite.
One of his three sons, Philippe Mius-d'Entremont dit d'Azit, married a Mi'kmaq woman named Marie Coyoteblanc and became the progenitor of the Meuse and Muise families; while his other two sons, Jacques and Abraham, married daughters of La Tour with his 3rd wife, Anne and Marguerite respectively, and their descendants retain the surname "d'Entremont" (Charles de La Tour had Metis daughters with his 1st wife who was native; however, it was his 3rd wife, a Frenchwoman named Jeanne Motin, daughter of Louis Motin de Courcelles, who was mother to Anne and Marguerite).

</doc>
<doc id="20124582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124582" title="General Cepeda Municipality">
General Cepeda Municipality

General Cepeda is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at General Cepeda. The municipality covers an area of 3517 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,284. 

</doc>
<doc id="20124598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124598" title="Sleepy Hollow Archeological Site">
Sleepy Hollow Archeological Site

The Sleepy Hollow Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124599" title="White-Fox House Archeological Site">
White-Fox House Archeological Site

The White-Fox House Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124600" title="Service Children's Education">
Service Children's Education

Service Children's Education (SCE) is an organisation of the United Kingdom government responsible for the education of the children of service families and Ministry of Defence (MoD) personnel serving outside of the United Kingdom. They provide schools and educational support services from Foundation Stage through to sixth form. 
SCE was headquartered in Wegberg, Germany, until 2012, before moving briefly to JHQ Rheindahlen until that base closed, too, in 2013. It was previousy an executive agency of the MoD, but this status was removed on 31 March 2013 following the reduction of service personnel based abroad. However, it continues to operate under the SCE name as part of the MoD.
History.
Education for children of military personnel was previously the responsibility of the British Families Education Service (BFES) and the War Office. Historically a schoolmistress (Queen's Army Schoolmistresses) was specially trained and employed to teach these children until the post was abolished in favour of schools which were operated more like mainstream schools back in the UK.
Curriculum.
Schools follow the English National Curriculum, administer national assessments and public examinations, and are inspected by Her Majesty's Inspectorate, via Ofsted. Teachers have recognised UK professional qualifications and the majority are recruited specially from the United Kingdom through the Civil Service.
Schools.
The agency operates primary and secondary schools in Germany and Cyprus and also provides educational facilities in territories such as the Falklands and Gibraltar where there is a significant British military presence. The schools are typically grouped by garrison (including its outlying bases).
Former Schools.
Germany.
Primary schools.
Ark Primary School, Germany - JHQ Rheindahlen

</doc>
<doc id="20124601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124601" title="Turnbull Colonists' House No. 2 Archeological Site">
Turnbull Colonists' House No. 2 Archeological Site

The Turnbull Colonists' House No. 2 Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States. On July 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
This property is part of the "Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull Multiple Property Submission", a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20124619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124619" title="Guerrero Municipality, Coahuila">
Guerrero Municipality, Coahuila

Guerrero is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Guerrero. The municipality covers an area of 3,219.7 km² and is located on the international border between Mexico and the USA, here formed by the Río Bravo del Norte (Rio Grande), adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas.
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 2,091. 
Towns and villages.
The largest localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="20124627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124627" title="United States Senate election in Tennessee, 1996">
United States Senate election in Tennessee, 1996

The 1996 Tennessee United States Senate election was held on November 5, 1996 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of Tennessee. Republican Senator Fred Thompson ran for re-election to a full six-year term. Thompson defeated the Democratic challenger, Covington lawyer Houston Gordon in the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20124633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124633" title="Arkham (disambiguation)">
Arkham (disambiguation)

__NOTOC__
Arkham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20124669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124669" title="Calleja">
Calleja

Calleja is a surname found in Spain (as well as countries people of Hispanic descent) and Malta. It is unclear Maltese and Spanish surnames are related or a coincidence, perhaps caused by romanization—a Surname DNA project exists with the one of its stated goals to determine if there is a relationship.
Variations.
Variations in spelling include: 
Spain.
In Spanish, Calleja can be translated to "narrow street" or "alley", but the Latin translation of Calleya is "skillfully". The surname is Castilian, originating in or around Ampuero in Cantabria, Spain.
Malta.
Based on historical evidence, the Maltese version of the surname is likely not related to the Spanish version. The first written appearance of the Calleja surname in Malta predates both Aragonese rule (1283–1412) and Aragonese/Castilian rule (1412–1530) of the Maltese island—appearing in 1271 AD with the spelling Calleya and Caleya. 
On May 22, 1271, Bertrando de Real, the magister of Malta, was instructed to keep a note of the names and surnames of those who transported the falcons to the royal court from Malta, Martinus Calleya was a witness and Leo Caleya is among those included in the list. Of note, the persons on the 1271 document belonged to the wealthy class and did not include any serfs or peasants, nor any surnames of Arabic derivation. One theory is that the surname Callea or Calleya in Malta is of late Greek or Byzantine formation—Commendatore Fr. Abela, the father of Maltese history, believed the surname to be of Greek origin.
In the fifteenth century there was a village in Malta called Calleja, situated near Mosta—it seems linguistically and geographically connected with il-Qlejgħa, in the same geographic area. Wied il-Qlejgħa (more popularly known as Chadwick Lakes) means the Valley of the Small Castle.
Distribution of Calleja surname in Malta based on militia rolls:
Calleja/Calleia/Calleya/Callea DNA Surname Project.
There are three objectives for this Surname DNA project 
Calleja may refer to.
People:
Things:
Calleja Surname DNA project

</doc>
<doc id="20124693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124693" title="Thomas Archer (disambiguation)">
Thomas Archer (disambiguation)

Thomas Archer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20124699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124699" title="Arteaga Municipality, Coahuila">
Arteaga Municipality, Coahuila

Arteaga is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Arteaga. The municipality covers an area of 1818.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 19,622. 

</doc>
<doc id="20124702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124702" title="Pardis Fardjad-Azad">
Pardis Fardjad-Azad

Pardis Fardjad-Azad (born 12 April 1988 in Berlin) is a Azerbaijani football second striker who currently plays for Azerbaijani club Sumgayit.
Career.
Fardjad-Azad began his career by FC Hertha 03 Zehlendorf and moved in summer 2007 from the A youth of his club to FC Carl Zeiss Jena. After two years with FC Carl Zeiss Jena, he left on 7 July 2009 and signed for VFC Plauen a one-year contract.
International career.
Fardjad-Azad made his international debut for Azerbaijan in 2013, making his debut against Luxembourg on 22 March 2013.
Personal life.
Fardjad-Azad is of Persian and Azerbaijani ethnicity.

</doc>
<doc id="20124746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124746" title="Hidalgo Municipality, Coahuila">
Hidalgo Municipality, Coahuila

Hidalgo is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Hidalgo. The municipality covers an area of 1619.8 km² and is located on the international border between Mexico and the USA, there formed by the Río Bravo del Norte (Rio Grande), adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas.
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 1,852.
Towns and villages.
The largest localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="20124797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124797" title="Naeto C">
Naeto C

Naetochukwu Chikwe (born 17 December 1982), stage name Naeto C, is a Nigerian rapper, Afrobeat artist and record producer. He was born in Houston, Texas and is of Nigerian origin.
Early life.
Naeto C is from Owerri in the Igbo Nation; Born to former Nigerian Ambassador to Ireland, Doctor Mrs. Kema Chikwe and Chief Herbert Chikwe. He spent his early years in that city, in a household very influenced by music. His fondness for music grew fast and was articulated into other creative art forms, most specifically poetry, which took him to various competitions and earned him accolades as a young poet.
University education.
After finishing his secondary education in Lagos, he moved to the United States for higher education both in SUNY Old Westbury and a year later, George Washington University. It was at this time that he met Uzikwendu and, Ikechukwu, who was then an aspiring hip-hop artist out of Washington Heights, New York. The trio went on to form the World Famous Akademy, a brotherhood of musicians. They planned to grow into an independent record label but could not get their hands on the proper funds. Naeto C graduated in 2004 from the George Washington University with a B Sc. in Biology, intending to go study further and become a medical doctor. After some deep self-searching he changed his mind and decided to pursue his dream and develop his talent as a musician.
In Summer of 2013 Naeto C disappeared from the entertainment scene and returned to school to pursue a higher degree in London at the Oxford University taking a course in Energy Economics.
Music career.
Storm Records, (a record company based in Lagos, Nigeria) had been trying to sign the World Famous Akademy for some time, and since Naeto had decided to pursue his career as a musician he agreed along with the rest of the WFA. But they did not return to Nigeria until early 2006, when Ikechukwu released his debut album, "Son Of the Soil". That album laid the grounds for Naeto C and the WFA. Working as an in-house producer with his newly discovered production team “ET-Quake” (consisting of TY Mix and VC Perez), Naeto was able to display his production skills working with Storm artists like Sasha, Dare Art-Alade, GT the Guitarman, Disconnect, Saro-Wiwa and Nkiru. Within a year of working with the aforementioned artists, Naeto had successfully recorded over 60 songs including his most recent album material (a bulk of which he co-produced with ET-Quake).
A notable production achievement is the "I Believe" song Naeto wrote and co-produced with VC Perez (member of ET-Quake), which features himself, an up-and-coming R&B/Gospel artist, Sheun and Hugh Masekela from South Africa. Within the same year Naeto garnered a lot of experience performing, from Ikechukwu’s album launch to Chanel O awards to the I Believe Tour to Always promo tour with Sasha and many more gigs, in preparation for the phenomenal MTN Homecoming Concert, headlined by a popular friend, Nigerian pop sensation, D’banj. 
"Naeto C" has recorded over 50 songs for his debut with production that transcends today’s hip hop sound MO HIT RECORD, May 2008 From the Fela inspired “Lagos City Hustla” the most articulate reflection of Hip-Hop/Afro-beat till date to the down-south-melody-stricken first single “Sitting on Top”, Naeto C has broken all boundaries and surpassed more limits than any up and coming artist, lyrically and production wise according to MO HIT RECORD. 
His debut album "You Know My "P"" was released in May 2008.
Awards and nominations.
Won
References.
Naeto C Returns to school again. - WhisperNaija.net 16 October 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20124803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124803" title="Norwegian Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies">
Norwegian Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies

The Norwegian Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies (, NKTVS) is a national, interdisciplinary research centre in Norway. It is part of the University of Oslo, and is located at Ullevål University Hospital in Oslo.
It was established on January 1, 2004, and comprises the former "Psychosocial Centre for Refugees", University of Oslo (PSSF); the "Norwegian Resource Centre for Information and Studies on Violence" (VOS); the "Norwegian National Resource Center on Child Sexual Abuse" (NRSB); and the "Division of Disaster Psychiatry", University of Oslo (KKP). The centre is a joint initiative of the Ministry of Children and Family Affairs, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Social Affairs, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Defence.
The Centre employs experts on psychiatry, psychology, pediatrics, sociology, social anthropology, education, social work, sexology, criminology and philology.

</doc>
<doc id="20124815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124815" title="A. D. S. N. Prasad">
A. D. S. N. Prasad

Dr. A. D. S. N. Prasad is the founder of Pathway Centers for Children, a non-profit and non governmental organization located in Chennai and other rural parts of Tamil Nadu, that is dedicated to the welfare of children with mental handicap and those who are destitute or otherwise disadvantaged.
Pathway Centers for Children.
"Main article" Pathway Centers for Children
As a 22 year old speech pathologist and audiologist, Dr. Prasad learned that to pay for his professional services clients quite often would have to sell everything they had and would make great sacrifices. Impressed by this, he eventually started giving free services to whoever needed it.
Prasad established Pathway with a motive to help those were underprivileged and disadvantaged in the society.
Writing.
Recently a biography on Dr. Prasad's, life "Prasad Enroru Thai" ()was released in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20124848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124848" title="Splash zone">
Splash zone

Splash zone applies either to the Supralittoral zone or, in the context of Offshore construction, to the transition from air to water when lowering heavy burdens into the sea. The overall efforts applied on the crane change dramatically when the load starts touching water, up to the point where it is completely submerged. Its buoyancy reduces the static mass that the crane has to support, but contact with the waves creates widely fluctuating dynamic forces.
Simulation of these changing efforts are necessary to correctly dimension cranes and lifting equipments. See for example DNV-RP-H103 (Det Norske Veritas recommended practices) for a mention of the piston effect created in the splash zone between two walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20124851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124851" title="Freewheeler">
Freewheeler

Freewheeler is the title of the sixth studio album released by American country music singer David Ball. It was released in 2004 on the independent Wildcatter label. The lead-off single, "Louisiana Melody", charted at #59 on the "Billboard" country charts in 2004. It was followed by "Happy With the One I've Got" and "Too Much Blood in My Alcohol Level", neither of which charted. The track "I Can See Arkansas" was previously recorded by Steve Wariner on his 1990 album "Laredo".

</doc>
<doc id="20124856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124856" title="U.S. Route 17 in North Carolina">
U.S. Route 17 in North Carolina

In the U.S. state of North Carolina U.S. Route 17 (US 17) is a north–south highway that is known as the Coastal Highway in the southeastern half of the state and the Ocean Highway in other areas. The route enters the state from South Carolina near Calabash, and leaves in the vicinity of the Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge in Virginia. Between the US 64 freeway and the Virginia state line, US 17 is a four-lane divided highway with speed limits varying between and .
Route description.
US 17 enters Brunswick County, North Carolina in Carolina Shores amid a variety of golf course communities. Carolina Shores was part of Calabash until 1998.
In Wilmington, US 17 (here concurrent with Interstate 140) crosses the Northeast Cape Fear River between New Hanover County and Brunswick County over the Dan Cameron Bridge. North of Holly Ridge US 17 begins to move further away from the Atlantic Coast. Then, it bypasses Jacksonville along with NC 24. Between New Bern and James City, US 17 (concurrent with US 70 and NC 55) crosses the Trent River by way of the Freedom Memorial Bridge. Farther east, between James City and Bridgeton, US 17, still concurrent with NC 55, crosses the Neuse River over the Neuse River Bridge. Traffic going north on US-17 when using US-70's concurrency can bypass New Bern altogether via NC 43, ironically both the west end of US-17's concurrency on US-70 and NC 43's southern terminus both, respectively have a north and south protrusion of unused road since full cloverleaf junctions were scrapped in the area.
In Washington, US 17 crosses the Pamlico River over the Pamlico-Tar River Bridge and intersects with NC 32 and US 264. Farther along in Bear Grass, US 17 joins a concurrency with a limited-access portion of US 13-64, although US 64 moves east before US 13-17 reaches Williamston, where the limited-access segment ends. US 13-17 uses the Roanoke River Bridge to cross the Roanoke River, then before US 13 moves onto the interchange with North King Street it crosses the Cashie River Bridge over the Cashie River at Windsor. At the Bertie County-Chowan County line, US 17 traverses the Chowan River from Edenhouse to Edenton. East of Edenton, US 17 shares a concurrency with NC 37 until they reach Hertford where it branches off to the northwest onto US BUS 17. US 17 crosses the Perquimans River via the Perquimans River Bridge. Between Perquimans County and Pasquotank County, US 17 crosses the Little River over the Little River Bridge. A bypass route splits off to the northwest as US 17 (Mainline) continues into Elizabeth City as Hughes Boulevard, picking up concurrency with US 158 until US 158 splits off to the west at Morgan's Corner. US 17 crosses the Pasquotank River between Morgan's Corner in Pasquotank County and South Mills in Camden County, before entering Virginia adjacent to the Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge.
Bannered routes.
There are numerous bannered routes of US 17 within the state of North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20124858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124858" title="Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull MPS">
Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull MPS

The following buildings and structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Archeological Resources of the 18th-Century Smyrnea Settlement of Dr. Andrew Turnbull "MPS" (or "MPS").

</doc>
<doc id="20124861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124861" title="Anti-Soviet partisans">
Anti-Soviet partisans

Anti-Soviet partisans may refer to various resistance movements that opposed Soviet Union and its satellite states at various periods during 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20124863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124863" title="Cankar Hall">
Cankar Hall

Cankar Hall (), located at the southern edge of Republic Square in Ljubljana, is the largest Slovenian convention, congress and culture center. The building was designed by the architect Edvard Ravnikar and was built between 1977 and 1982. Construction was funded entirely by the Socialist Republic of Slovenia.
Origine of the name.
The center is named after the Slovene writer, and social-democratic politician Ivan Cankar (1876–1918). 
Interior.
The center has four halls named after Slovene artists: Gallus Hall (named after the Baroque composer Jacobus Gallus), Linhart Hall (named after Enlightenment erudite and playwright Anton Tomaž Linhart), Kosovel Hall (named after the modernist poet Srečko Kosovel), and Štih Hall (named after literary critic Bojan Štih). Cankar Hall also has a large foyer in which events are held (artistic performances, dances, book fairs, etc.). In front of the building stands a monument to Ivan Cankar, designed in 1982 by the sculptor Slavko Tihec.
History.
The ground floor of the hall, like most of the present-day square, was owned by the Roman Catholic Church until 1960, when it was nationalized by the state. During the building of Cankar Hall, remnants of the ancient Roman town of Emona were found. Most of the finds have been transferred to the National Museum of Slovenia, which stands on the opposite side of the square.

</doc>
<doc id="20124890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124890" title="The Falls Church (Anglican)">
The Falls Church (Anglican)

The Falls Church historically refers to the church in the city of Falls Church, Virginia near Washington, D.C., USA. The city takes its name from the church, and the church takes its name from its proximity to the Great Falls of the Potomac River at the time of its establishment in 1734. After 2006, the name "The Falls Church" came under dispute after the congregation of The Falls Church divided, effectively creating two congregations - The Falls Church (Anglican) and The Falls Church (Episcopal). The Anglican congregation and the Episcopal Church are currently engaged in legal disputes regarding property, naming, and assets. This article is about the congregation affiliated with the Diocese of the Mid-Atlantic, as well as the Convocation of Anglicans in North America. For information on The Falls Church (Episcopal), please refer to that page.
Following years of conflict within the Episcopal Church over issues surrounding Biblical authority and interpretation (including issues such as human sexuality, the role of men and women in ordained ministry, and liturgical reform) several congregations within the Episcopal Church discerned that the only way for them to remain faithful was to "walk apart" from the Episcopal Church, yet remain in communion with other Anglican Churches. The Falls Church was one of these congregations. Following a period of intense discernment, in December 2006, the congregation of the Falls Church voted to disaffiliate from the Episcopal Church in the United States of America and join the Convocation of Anglicans in North America, a missionary effort headed by Martyn Minns, former Rector of Truro Church, and sponsored by the Church of Nigeria.
History.
Separation from the Episcopal Church.
The decision by the Falls Church (Anglican) to break away from the Episcopal Church stemmed from increasing dissatisfaction within the majority of the congregation of direction being taken by the Episcopal Church. Several episodes contributed to the widening split, including the failure of the 2006 Episcopal convention to "confirm Christ as Lord" and the consecration of V. Gene Robinson, a partnered gay man, as Bishop of New Hampshire. In the view of many congregants, the Episcopal Church by these actions had violated its constitution. These congregants concluded that to stay true to their traditional beliefs, they must separate.
Beliefs.
The Falls Church (Anglican) affirms a belief in historic Christianity as revealed in the Scriptures and summarized in the three Creeds (the Apostles', the Nicene and the Athanasian) and the Thirty-Nine Articles of Religion, as found in the Book of Common Prayer. Further, according to their website, they recognize the need for reaffirming the following beliefs:
The Holy Trinity. The one God exists eternally in three persons, Father, Son and Holy Spirit, and has so revealed Himself to us in Scripture.
The Lord Jesus Christ. Our Lord Jesus Christ, God incarnate and fully human, is, by reason of His birth of the Virgin Mary, sinless life, atoning death, bodily resurrection, glorious ascension and triumphant reign, the only Mediator between God and man.
The Holy Scriptures. The canonical books of the Old and New Testaments are trustworthy as "God’s Word written," sufficiently teach God’s will for His world, and have supreme authority for faith, life, and the continuous renewal and reform of the Church. They are inspired, infallible, and "contain all things necessary for salvation."
Justification and Sanctification. Repenting and believing sinners are (i) justified through faith alone by God’s gracious act of declaring us righteous on the ground of the reconciling death of Christ, who suffered in our place and rose again for us; and (ii) sanctified by the gracious, continuing activity of the Holy Spirit who perfects our repentance, nurtures the new life implanted within us, transforms us into Christ’s image, and enables us to do good works in the world.
The Christian Church. The Church is the Body of Christ. Its members belong to Christ's new humanity and are called and sent to live in the world in the power of the Spirit, worshipping God, confessing His truth, proclaiming the Good News of Christ, supporting one another in love, and giving themselves in sacrificial service to others, especially those in need. Its great mission is to make disciples of all nations and peoples.
Spiritual Gifts and Ministry. All Christians are called to exercise their God-given gifts to work, witness and suffer for Christ. The particular call of ordained ministers is to preach, teach and provide leadership and pastoral care to equip God's people for His service and present them mature in Christ.
The Gospel Sacraments. The sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper are outward and visible signs of inward and spiritual grace given to us and ordained by Christ himself as means by which we receive such grace and pledges to assure us of it.
The Return of Christ. Our Lord Jesus Christ will personally return in glory at the end of this age for the resurrection of the dead, some to life and some to condemnation, for the glorification of His Church and for the renewal of the whole Creation.
Contemporary Implications of the Gospel
The Uniqueness of Jesus Christ. While religions and philosophies of the world are not without elements of the truth, Jesus Christ alone is the full revelation of God, who through the Gospel judges and corrects all views and doctrines. All persons everywhere need to learn of Him, come to know and believe in Him, and receive forgiveness and new life in Him as there is no other name given under heaven by which we must be saved.
Church and Society. Biblical social commandments and Christian ethical principles are foundational to the well-being of every society. Recognizing the call of Christians to be faithful witnesses and a challenging presence in society, we are committed to seek ways to express these commandments and principles in all spheres of life, including the public life of the nation.
Sanctity of Life. All human life is a sacred gift from God and is to be protected and defended from conception to natural death. We will uphold the sanctity of life and bring the grace and compassion of Christ to those who face the realities of previous abortion, unwanted pregnancy and end-of-life illness.
Fellowship. In grateful response to Christ Jesus, in whom there is neither Jew nor Greek, slave nor free, male nor female, we will extend the welcome of the church to every man, woman and child regardless of race, social or economic status, sexual history or past behavior. We will oppose prejudice in ourselves and others and recognize that all have sinned and need to repent.
Marriage, Family, and the Single Life. God has instituted marriage to be a lifelong union of husband and wife, intended for their mutual joy, help and comfort; for the procreation and nurture of godly children; and for the blessing of society. Divorce is always contrary to God’s original intention, though in a fallen world it is sometimes an all-too-frequent and tragic reality. The roles of father and mother, exercised in a variety of ways, are God-given and profoundly important since they are the chief providers of moral instruction and godly living. The single life, either by call or circumstance, is honored by God. It is therefore important for unmarried persons to embrace and be embraced by the Christian family.
Human Sexuality. Sexuality is inherent in God’s creation of human beings in his image as male and female. All Christians are called to chastity: husbands and wives by exclusive sexual fidelity to one another, and single persons by abstinence from sexual activity. God intends and enables all people to live within these boundaries, with the help and in the fellowship of the Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20124914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124914" title="Olive Fleming Drane">
Olive Fleming Drane

Olive Fleming Drane is a Scottish theologian and Christian minister who is widely known for her use of clowning in the pulpit. As her clown characters Valentine and Barni she has traveled the world, and been featured in radio and TV programs in many countries. Born in Glasgow, Scotland, she was educated in England and there she met her husband John Drane while they were both teenagers. She originally worked in research physics and medical technology, but then studied theology at the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley, California, in the early 1990s, and also has a Master of Theology degree from the University of Aberdeen, Scotland.
She is a chaplain at International Christian College in Glasgow, and also has a continuing worldwide ministry of teaching and preaching. She is a Fellow of St John's College, Durham and an affiliate professor in the School of Theology at Fuller Theological Seminary, Pasadena, California. She is also involved in the teaching and development of the mission shaped ministry course of the Church of England's Fresh Expressions initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="20124916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124916" title="Florida State Road A1A Alternate">
Florida State Road A1A Alternate

State Road A1A Alternate (also Alternate A1A and Alternate State Road A1A) may refer to all or part of the following roads that had, at one time, this designation by the Florida Department of Transportation but have since been renumbered:
All of the above contain parts of former alignments of State Road A1A.

</doc>
<doc id="20124921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124921" title="Yair, Scottish Borders">
Yair, Scottish Borders

Yair, also known as The Yair, is an estate in the Scottish Borders. It stands by the River Tweed in the former county of Selkirkshire, north-west of Selkirk, and south of Edinburgh. The name comes from the old Scots word for a fish trap. The estate is centred on Yair House, which is protected as a category A listed building. The nearby Yair Bridge is also category A listed.
History.
In 1156 King Malcolm allowed the monks of Kelso to build a dam on the River Tweed, creating a pool for fishing.
Yair House was built by Alexander Pringle of Whytbank (1747–1827) in 1788. It is a Georgian house of three storeys, with a large bay to the front. Pringle made his fortune in India, and re-purchased the family estates on his return. These estates, which included Whytbank Tower on the north side of the river, had been Pringle property since the 16th century, but were sold in the early 18th century to pay debts. The designer of the new house was William Elliot, a Kelso-based architect who designed The Haining in Selkirk, for another Pringle, in 1794.
Yair Bridge.
Yair Bridge lies downstream from the house. It was constructed in 1764, and designed by the Edinburgh architect William Mylne (1734–1790). The three-arch stone bridge now carries the A707 across the Tweed.
Outdoor access.
Yair Hill Forest is one of many forests in the Borders managed by Forestry Commission Scotland (FCS). It is located to the south and west of the house on Craig Hill (382m) and on Three Brethren (484m). Three Brethren is named after three stone mounds built in the 16th century by the lairds of Yair, Philiphaugh and Selkirk, to mark the boundaries of their lands. Access to the forest is at Lindinney car park on the A707, close to Yair Bridge. The Yair Grazings car park, at the north-west edge of the forest, allows access to Yair Wood, and nearby Glenkinnon car park is the access point for a biodiversity trail. Part of the forest is Lindinny Community Woodland, which is being restored from coniferous to native woodland by FCS and the Borders Forest Trust.
The Southern Upland Way passes through the estate, descending from Three Brethren and crossing Yair Bridge. The Sir Walter Scott Way follows the same route. Below Yair is the Fairnilee slalom site on the River Tweed, used for canoe slalom. The Yair and the River Tweed generally remain popular salmon fishing sites. Yair House is not open to the public, theough the gardesn are occasionally opened for charity as part of Scotland's Gardens Scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20124922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124922" title="Durham High School (California)">
Durham High School (California)

Durham High School is a public secondary school in Durham, California, United States. Durham High is located in the heart of an agricultural community. Durham High School's current enrollment is about 400 students.
History.
Durham High School was founded in 1922.
Campus.
Durham High School is located on a campus that also contains the elementary, intermediate and
continuation schools as well as the district offices.
Extracurricular activities.
Organizations available to Durham students include Academic Decathlon, Big Sister, Little Sister, California Scholarship Federation, Computer Gaming Club, FFA, and Interact.
Durham High School fields teams in interscholastic competition in baseball, basketball, cross country, football, golf, soccer, swimming, track and field, volleyball and wrestling. They compete in the California Interscholastic Federation Northern Section.

</doc>
<doc id="20124927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124927" title="Peter Erben">
Peter Erben

Peter Erben is a senior electoral manager with global experience in directing, advising and supporting complex elections in post-conflict, transitional and developing countries usually working for or alongside with the European Union, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), the International Foundation for Electoral Systems and the United Nations. Peter Erben is one of a few international experts ever asked to manage national elections for other nations.
History.
From 1992 to 1995 Peter Erben worked for the European Union Monitoring Mission (ECMM) as a political analyst during its effort to observe, report and mitigate on the conflicts as they swept the Balkans.
In 1996 Peter Erben joined the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) in Bosnia and Herzegovina. While at the OSCE he participated in managing the first four post-conflict elections, ending up as the Chief of Staff for the mission. With this experience, Peter Erben set out on a career focused on the management of elections and became one of a few international experts entrusted with directing elections for other nations. 
In 2000, on behalf of the OSCE and the UN, he co-directed the first post-conflict election in Kosovo and became the Chief Electoral Officer of Kosovo for the second election in 2001. 
In 2005 Peter Erben was appointed as the Chief Electoral Officer of Afghanistan for its first parliamentary elections, by the UN and President Hamid Karzai. In both Kosovo and Afghanistan Peter Erben was, as the Chief Electoral Officer, a member of the Election Commission.
Peter Erben also directed the Afghan out-of-country election in Pakistan and Iran in 2004, and the Iraq out-of-country worldwide election in 2005 which included countries such as Australia, France, the US, Syria, Iran and the United Arab Emirates. Together the above electoral operations engaged a total of over 250,000 staff at their peak with combined budgets of over $300 million.
When not managing elections Peter Erben uses his experience to assist other nations in establishing and strengthening their electoral institutions. He acted as a senior adviser to election commissions and managed large donor assistance programs for the European Commission and the International Foundation for Election Systems (IFES) in places such as the Palestinian Territories, Nepal, Pakistan, Myanmar and Indonesia. 
In between the above, longer, posts Mr. Erben has been on shorter assignments throughout the world, leading missions to Lebanon, the Philippines, Iraq, Georgia, Bangladesh, Libya, and other countries.
Today, Peter Erben is also the Senior Global Electoral Adviser responsible for providing support on substantive matters to IFES’ offices worldwide.
Recognitions.
On 17 November 2008 Queen Margrethe II of Denmark declared Peter Erben a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog, for his contribution to furthering democracy around the world.
On 29 November 2005 Peter Erben was awarded the Ghazi Mir Bacha Khan Superior State Medal for having directed the Afghan 2005 national elections. This order is the highest award the Afghan nations bestows upon a non-Afghanistan individual. It was presented to Peter Erben by Mohammed Zahir Shah, Father of the Afghan Nation and former King of Afghanistan, in his Palace in Kabul.

</doc>
<doc id="20124936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124936" title="Alvorada (film)">
Alvorada (film)

Alvorada is a 1962 West German documentary film directed by Hugo Niebeling. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20124954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124954" title="Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships">
Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships

The Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the ATP Challenger Tour and the ITF Women's Circuit. It has been held annually at the Hilary J. Boone Tennis Complex in Lexington, Kentucky, United States, since 1995 for men and since 1997 for women.
The prize money offered at the tournament is $65,000 for men and $50,000 for women (although in 1997-98 it was $25,000 for women).

</doc>
<doc id="20124957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124957" title="Mike Wilson (skier)">
Mike Wilson (skier)

Michael David Wilson (born February 16, 1986) is an American professional freeskier. Wilson is recognized as one of the leaders of the freeskiing movement, and is known for pushing the limits by hitting bigger jumps and doing bigger rotations than almost anybody else. In 2004, Wilson introduced the first off axis double-flipping rotation to skiing (the "Wilsonflip"), revolutionizing freeskiing competition.
Personal.
Born in South Londonderry, Vermont to Beverly and David (Tuck), Mike is the middle of 3 children. He has an older sister Ashley, and a younger sister Robin. Mike spent his winters in middle school being homeschooled by his parents so he could ski. He attended high school in Manchester, Vermont for one year before transferring to The Winter Sports School in Park City, Utah. He graduated from high school in 2003, taking just longer than 3 years. While in elementary school Mike played every sport he could, but concentrated on snow sports including Nordic ski racing, snowboarding, and freestyle skiing. Since graduating from school at 17, Mike has taken a liking for the extreme, getting involved in Skydiving and B.A.S.E jumping.
Media.
Mike's appearances in ski movies include “Seven Sunny Days”, “Push/Pull”, “The Hit List”, “Yearbook”, “Focused”, “Corduroy”, “Teddy Bear Crisis”, “Happy Happy”, “Lifted”, “Superpark, the Movie 2”, “Ready, Fire, Aim”, “Stereotype”, and “Salad Days,” among others.
Ski publications in which he has appeared include Ski, Skiing, Freeskier, Powder, SBC Skier, Freeze, Axis, 2 Freeski, Skiing (the next level), BravoSki, and Freestyle Ski. Mike has also written articles covering events and equipment for many of these magazines.
Mike also appeared on Good Morning America, which showed clips of him training at the Utah Olympic Park, as well as in a Jeep commercial in which he does a superman front flip across a road gap.
Mike has recently been working on "cross training" videos that feature extreme stunts. The videos can be found on Mike's affiliate website shreddytimes.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20124963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124963" title="1957–58 New York Knicks season">
1957–58 New York Knicks season

The 1957–58 New York Knicks season was the 12th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). With a 35–37 regular season record, the Knicks did not qualify for the 1958 NBA Playoffs.
NBA Draft.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="20124965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124965" title="Barreda">
Barreda

Barreda may refer to:
People:
Places:
Organizations

</doc>
<doc id="20124971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124971" title="Corwin M. Nixon">
Corwin M. Nixon

Corwin M. Nixon (March 5, 1913 – November 6, 2003) was an American politician.
Political life.
Born one mile south of Red Lion, Ohio, Nixon was best known as an Ohio politician from Lebanon, Ohio. He served as Warren County Commissioner from 1950–1962, and was then elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1962, a post he maintained for 30 years until his retirement in 1992. Nixon rose to Minority Leader of the Republican Party in the Ohio House, holding the position longer than any other minority Leader from 1979-1992.
Much of Corwin's status stemmed from his close relationship to Ohio House Speaker Vern Riffe. In 1988, Riffe was quoted by the "Cincinnati Enquirer" as saying, "I don't have any brother. Corwin is how I look at a brother I never had." His relationship with Speaker Riffe caused some consternation with the conservative wing of the Republican members of the Ohio House, however, his relationship gave him tremendous influence as a Republican.
Personal life.
Nixon also had a passion for Standardbred horse racing. He was manager and part owner of Lebanon Raceway in Lebanon, Ohio, a breeder, trainer and driver. He was inducted into the Harness Racing Museum & Hall of Fame in Goshen, New York. in 1992, and also served as President of the United States Trotting Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20124984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20124984" title="Joseph Alliluyev">
Joseph Alliluyev

Iosif Grigor'evich Alliluyev (; 22 May 1945 – 2 November 2008) was a Russian cardiologist and a grandson of Joseph Stalin.
The son of Stalin's daughter Svetlana Alliluyeva, Iosif was seven-years-old when Stalin, his mother's father and his famous grandfather, died in March 1953. Although he kept a low profile, he did take part in a television interview on Russian Channel One. He spoke about his relationship with his mother and how she fled to the United States. 
Alliluyev died on 2 November 2008.
He is portrayed briefly as a 6-year-old in HBO's 1992 film "Stalin".

</doc>
<doc id="20125004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125004" title="Alvorada (disambiguation)">
Alvorada (disambiguation)

Alvorada is a city in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20125010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125010" title="Jiménez Municipality, Coahuila">
Jiménez Municipality, Coahuila

As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 9,935.
Towns and villages.
The largest localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="20125048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125048" title="Anti-communist resistance">
Anti-communist resistance

Anti-communist resistance can refer to:
See also: anti-communism

</doc>
<doc id="20125057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125057" title="Sammi Smith discography">
Sammi Smith discography

This article presents the discography of country music singer-songwriter, Sammi Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20125063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125063" title="Heartaches by the Number (David Ball album)">
Heartaches by the Number (David Ball album)

Heartaches by the Number is an album released in 2007 by American country music artist David Ball. It is his first release for the Shanachie Records label. Except for the track "Please Feed the Jukebox", which Ball wrote himself, all of the songs on this album are covers of classic country songs. No singles were released from this album.

</doc>
<doc id="20125070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125070" title="Malkiel">
Malkiel

Malkiel may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20125092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125092" title="Boynton baronets">
Boynton baronets

The Boynton Baronetcy, of Barmston in the County of York, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 15 May 1618 for Matthew Boynton, son of Sir Francis Boynton (High Sheriff of Yorkshire) of Barmston Hall, in the East Riding of Yorkshire. The Boyntons came to Barmston following the marriage of heiress Margaret de la See to Sir Henry Barmston in the 15th century. The first Baronet married Francis Griffith, heiress of an estate at Burton Agnes including Burton Agnes Hall and Burton Agnes Manor House which the second Baronet inherited in 1647. The fifth and sixth Baronets both served as High Sheriff of Yorkshire, in 1750 and 1771 respectively. The eleventh Baronet died without male issue and the Baronetcy passed to his cousin. His estates however passed to his daughter Cicely (d. 1947) whose husband Thomas Lamplugh Wickham changed his name on marriage to Wickham-Boynton, and later (1989) to Cunliffe-Lister relations descended from Mary Constance Boynton, wife of the 1st Earl of Swinton. The title became extinct on the death of the thirteenth Baronet in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20125093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125093" title="Creative Basic">
Creative Basic

Creative Basic (CB) is a third-generation event-driven programming language for Windows, with an integrated development environment (IDE).
Current version executables are interpreted and require no runtime libraries be installed on the end-user's computer. A planned future version will have compiled executables.
Creative Basic has an extensive command set, and access to the application programming interface (API) libraries available in the Microsoft Windows operating system.
Although this modern version dates from 2007, it is a development from, and is completely compatible with IBasic, which has been in use worldwide since 2002.
Some notable projects are Jerry Muelver's WikiWriter, a WikiWriter to Chm Wizard by Alyce Watson, and Mike Rainey's manufacturing engineering programs. (see the Links below).
Example programs.
"Hello" program:
Program to open a Console window and print 10 random numbers: 
Program to create a GUI window with an Exit button and event handling routine: 

</doc>
<doc id="20125120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125120" title="Vote India">
Vote India

VoteIndia.in is an independent, non-profitable, non-charitable, non-governmental and politically neutral effort initiated by a group of young Indian students and professionals who wish to bring a change. The project aims to increase voter turnout and encourage people of India to make an informed choice in selecting their leaders.
Objective.
The main objectives of VoteIndia.in are:
Activities.
VoteIndia.in is involved in gathering information on appointing college and corporate representatives and making presentations in offices and college campuses (presently in Mumbai) to educate students and professionals about the election process & registration procedures. Vote India website also provides information regarding the registration process. 
The website provides information about Voter registration in English and Hindi. There are other articles also providing information about rule 49-O , Right to recall and the Right to reject.
Affiliations.
VoteIndia.in does not have any affiliation with any organisation or political party. While VoteIndia.in is open to financial assistance from any non-political organisation, it intends to retain complete freedom in its operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20125122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125122" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Bangladesh">
Postage stamps and postal history of Bangladesh

Bangladesh first issued its own postage stamps upon gaining independence in 1971. A set of eight, with various motifs including a map of the country were issued. Shortly after, all eight values overprinted "Bangladesh Liberated" in both English and Bengali were prepared in the United Kingdom, but only three values were issued in Bangladesh.
Overprints.
While the initial stamps were under production, local postmasters were authorised to overprint Pakistani issues that they had in stock with the name of the new country. This practice has led to a vast number of varieties, not catalogued in the major stamp catalogues. These issues ceased to be valid during 1973.
First stamps.
The first stamps of the country were issued in rupees (1 rupee = 100 paisa) on 29 July 1971, but in 1972 a new currency was introduced (1 taka = 100 poisha) and since then all stamps have been inscribed with taka or poisha values.
Issuing policy.
Since the first 1971 issue, the Bangladeshi postal authorities have maintained a conservative issuing policy, with only just over 900 individual stamps and miniature sheets listed in the regular Stanley Gibbons catalogues by 2008, plus approximately 50 issues overprinted "Official" for Governmental use. No stamp booklets have yet been produced.
The majority of themes featured on Bangladeshi stamps have been locally based; these are interspersed with occasional general thematic issues (e.g. fish, birds, etc.) and those for worldwide events (e.g. Olympic Games, football and cricket World Cups, etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="20125123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125123" title="Lamadrid Municipality">
Lamadrid Municipality

Lamadrid is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Lamadrid. The municipality covers an area of 506.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,708. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125126" title="Naama">
Naama

Naama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20125128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125128" title="Dependent and Disability Pension Act">
Dependent and Disability Pension Act

The Dependent and Disability Pension Act was passed by the United States Congress and signed into law by President Benjamin Harrison on June 27, 1890. The act provided pensions for all veterans who had served at least ninety days in the Union military or naval forces, were honorably discharged from service and were unable to perform manual labor, regardless of their financial situation or when the disability was suffered. The bill was a source of contentious debate and only passed after Grover Cleveland had vetoed a previous version in 1887.
Background.
The issue of pensions for Civil War veterans had been discussed since the 1860s. In 1862, a basic system was established which granted pensions to soldiers who could provide proof of time spent in the military and a disability incurred while in service. Under this system, pension money could be collected from the date of discharge if claims were filed within one year of that date. However if claims were filed past this date, receipt of pension payment began on the date of application.
This last issue was addressed in the Arrears of Pension Act of 1879, which allowed all Union veterans to reapply for pension and receive back payments to the date of their discharge, regardless of when they may have previously applied. This legislation did not change the requirement that disabilities be service-related but was nevertheless a very expensive bill that set the stage for the larger fight to come. Veterans could now receive large sums of money for several years of ‘missed’ pension payments. This resulted in a flood of applications and a large increase in pension expenditures for the federal government. 
The Grand Army of the Republic.
It was in part the Arrears Act that politically reinvigorated the Grand Army of the Republic (GAR), an organization consisting mostly of Union veterans. With the political assistance of the Republican Party, which opposed the Democratic Party on the issue of pensions, the GAR became much more active in the call for liberal pension legislation following passage of the Arrears Act.
Proposals favored by the GAR were generally either service pension plans or disability pension plans. Service plans included pensions for any Union veteran, given that he served some minimal term in the armed forces. Disability plans more closely represented the final bill passed in 1890 and included pensions for any veteran incapacitated by a disability, regardless of how it was sustained.
First Attempt.
The first comprehensive pension disability bill was put together in 1887. This bill was almost identical to the bill to be passed in 1890 in that it granted pensions to all Union veterans suffering from a disability, regardless of its origin. However, it was distinct from the 1890 bill in two ways. First, it awarded all eligible veterans a $12 monthly pension. This differed from the Dependent and Disability Act, which gave pensions worth between $6 and $12 depending on the severity of the disability in question. Second, it required applicants to prove that they were financially dependent on another source, a feature that was absent from the final version of the bill passed in 1890.
Although many lawmakers expected Cleveland to sign the bill, he instead vetoed it on February 11, infuriating the GAR and ensuring that pensions would be a central issue in the 1888 election. Cleveland’s primary objections to the bill were that it would be extremely costly, that determining the extent to which applicants were dependent on others would be too difficult, that the pension was ungraded and that the system would be abused by fraud. The bill returned to the House but did not garner enough votes to override the President’s veto.
1888 Election and Act's Passage.
When the 1888 election rolled around, the GAR was at the peak of its political influence and, refusing to back down, carried the fight into the 1888 election. The Republican Party nominated Civil War veteran Benjamin Harrison to run against the incumbent Cleveland, promising to push for more extensive pensions and winning the support of the GAR in the process. Cleveland won the popular vote but Harrison won the crucial swing states of Indiana and New York, which contained 38,000 and 45,000 veterans receiving pensions respectively. The Republican Party’s pension rhetoric may have proved indispensable in these two states; Harrison captured them by just 2,300 and 13,000 votes respectively.
Following his inauguration, Harrison reorganized the Pension Bureau and appointed James Tanner as the new commissioner of pensions. Although there was widespread corruption under Tanner and his successor Green Raum, Congress continued moving toward legislation aimed at expanding the federal pension program. Harrison pushed for a disability bill, which ultimately passed without a single vote from a Southern congressman. Under the final form of the law, any disabled Union veteran who had served at least ninety days was eligible to receive a pension, regardless of whether or not his disability was incurred in service. The final version of the act also allowed for the collection of pensions by widows of veterans and for children under the age of 16.
Impact.
The Disability and Dependent Pension Act was, according to the GAR national pension committee, “the most liberal pension measure ever passed by any legislative body in the world.” It resulted in an enormous spike in federal expenditures on pensions. In 1890, just 537,944 veterans were receiving pensions. By 1893, that number had already almost doubled to 966,012. In 1889, the federal government spent $89,000,000 on these pensions, a figure that jumped to $159,000,000 by 1893. By 1894, 37% of the government budget was set aside for pension payments.
As the “largest single appropriation ever made for a government expenditure” the act paved the way for future government pension spending. It would take another step in 1904 when an Executive Order was issued by Theodore Roosevelt declaring all veterans over the age of 62 to be eligible for a pension, effectively making old age a disability.

</doc>
<doc id="20125132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125132" title="Milwaukee Depot">
Milwaukee Depot

The Milwaukee Depot in Missoula, Montana, was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1910 as part of the railroad's transcontinental "Pacific Extension".
The depot complex consists of two buildings, both made of brick. The depot itself is a two-story rectangular building that had passenger waiting rooms and the station agent's office. The second floor contained railroad offices. The depot has two towers that rise above it. There is a Mission influence in the tile roofs and decoration. The second building was the baggage room. 
When the railroad went bankrupt in the mid-1980s, the buildings were sold and turned into a restaurant and bar. A new addition was built that connected the depot with the baggage room. In the late 1980s, the restaurant went out of business and the building sat vacant. 
In the mid-1990s, the building was bought by the Boone and Crockett Club who moved their national headquarters there from Washington, DC. The club leased the second floor to the University of Montana for use as offices. 
The depot was placed on the National Register of Historic Places due to its architecture and also due to its association with the commercial development of Missoula.

</doc>
<doc id="20125134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125134" title="John Raynor">
John Raynor

John Patrick Raynor (born January 4, 1984 in Benson, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, although he spent most of his career in the Florida Marlins organization.
He is currently a coach/student at his alma mater, UNC-Wilmington.
High School and College.
Raynor graduated from South Johnston High School in 2002. He attended the University of North Carolina at Wilmington. 
in 2005, for UNCW, he hit .397 with 23 stolen bases. Raynor was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 12th round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. In 2006, his senior season, he hit .370 with 42 stolen bases. In the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft, Raynor was selected in the 9th round by the Florida Marlins and signed by scout Joel Matthews.
Professional Baseball Career.
Florida Marlins.
In the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft, Raynor was selected in the 9th round by the Florida Marlins and signed by scout Joel Matthews. In 2006, Raynor played 54 games for the Marlins Class A Short-Season affiliate, the Jamestown Jammers in the New York-Penn League. He hit .286, 4, 21 with 21 SBs and was selected as a NY-Penn league all-star. He spent the entire 2007 campaign with the Marlins Class A affiliate, the Greensboro Grasshoppers in the South Atlantic League. Raynor hit .333, 13, 57 with 54 SBs and 110 Runs scored. He was named a South Atlantic League All-Star, MVP of the South Atlantic League, and was also selected as the Florida Marlins organizational Player of the Year for 2007.
Raynor spent 2008 with the Double-A Carolina Mudcats of the Southern League. There, he hit .312, 13, 51 with 48 SBs, and 104 Runs scored. He was named a Southern League All-Star and started in left field for the North Division in the all-star game.
That fall, Raynor was selected by the Marlins to participate in the Arizona Fall League for the Mesa Solar Sox. He played in 8 games for Mesa before being hit in the left hand by a pitch that cut his AFL season short. During his short time in Mesa, he hit at a .364, 1, 10 clip with 4 SBs, including hitting for the cycle on October 10 versus the Surprise Rafters.
On December 10, 2009, the Pittsburgh Pirates selected Raynor with the second pick in the 2009 Rule 5 draft.
He was offered back to the Marlins on May 4, 2010.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On December 10, 2009, the Pittsburgh Pirates selected Raynor with the second pick in the 2009 Rule 5 draft. He made the Pirates 2010 opening day roster.
Raynor walked in his major league debut on April 8, 2010, and got his first big league hit two at-bats later against San Francisco on April 12.
Raynor appeared in 11 games and had two hits, a walk and three strikeouts in 10 at-bats for the Pirates. He was designated for assignment on April 27 to make room for Jeff Karstens. The Pirates had hoped to make a deal to keep Raynor in the organization, but offered him back to the Marlins on May 4.
Retirement.
After failing to make the opening day roster, the Marlins released Raynor on March 23, 2011. He decided to retire at the age of 27. He is now a coach/student at UNC-Wilmington.

</doc>
<doc id="20125140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125140" title="Matamoros Municipality, Coahuila">
Matamoros Municipality, Coahuila

Matamoros is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Matamoros. The municipality covers an area of 1003.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 99,707. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125174" title="Stadionul Flacăra (Moreni)">
Stadionul Flacăra (Moreni)

Flacăra Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Moreni. It is the home ground of Flacăra Moreni. It holds 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20125175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125175" title="Mamadou Kamara Dékamo">
Mamadou Kamara Dékamo

Mamadou Kamara Dékamo (born 8 January 1949) is a Congolese political figure and diplomat. He has been Congo-Brazzaville's Ambassador to Italy since 2000 and was previously Minister of Health and Population in the government of Congo-Brazzaville from 1997 to 1999.
Political career.
Kamara Dékamo was born in Ngondzia, located in the north of Congo-Brazzaville. After working at the Ministry of Planning, he was Director of Studies and Planning at the Ministry of Territorial Administration from 1976 to 1978, then Director-General of Youth from 1979 to 1984 and Director-General of SEP Development from 1984 to 1992. He became a member of the Political Bureau of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in 1992, and he was elected to the National Assembly as a PCT candidate from the Poto-Poto section of Brazzaville in the 1992 parliamentary election. On 25 December 1992, he was appointed as Minister of Communication, Posts, and Telecommunications, as well as Government Spokesman, in the power-sharing government of Prime Minister Claude Antoine Dacosta, which was to serve until a new election was held. In the May–June 1993 parliamentary election, Kamara Dékamo was re-elected to the National Assembly from Poto-Poto. Amidst the period of violence that followed the election, he condemned the Presidential Tendency (composed of supporters of President Pascal Lissouba) for, in his view, seeking to "install a dictatorship".
Following the June–October 1997 civil war, in which Lissouba was ousted and Denis Sassou Nguesso returned to power, Kamara Dékamo was appointed as Minister of Health and Population on 2 November 1997. He held that post for a little over a year before being replaced by Léon-Alfred Opimbat on 12 January 1999. He was subsequently appointed as Ambassador to Italy and has held that post since 21 February 2000; concurrently, he has served as Permanent Representative to the United Nations organizations based in Rome: the Food and Agriculture Organization (since 15 March 2000), the International Fund for Agricultural Development, and the World Food Programme.
Kamara Dékamo has been involved in a political dispute with some leading figures in the PCT, including Ambroise Noumazalaye (who was Secretary-General of the PCT until his death in November 2007) as well as Henri Djombo and Gilbert Djombo-Bomondjo, who supported Noumazalaye. In November 2007, Henri Djombo, the Minister of Forest Economics, published an open letter addressed to the people of Likouala Region, in which he alleged that, beginning in 2005, Kamara Dékamo had "deserted his post as ambassador to lead political campaigns in Brazzaville and Likouala". Djombo accused Kamara Dékamo and others from Likouala of slander and said that they were involved in an assassination plot that targeted Djombo.
By 2009, Kamara Dékamo was the Dean of the African Diplomatic Corps in Italy. When Teodoro Obiang Nguema, the President of Equatorial Guinea, visited Rome in November–December 2010, Kamara Dékamo led the African diplomatic corps in greeting Obiang and offered warm praise. He also condemned those who had criticized Obiang's offer of money to UNESCO to establish a prize for science.

</doc>
<doc id="20125182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125182" title="Land alienation in Ratanakiri Province">
Land alienation in Ratanakiri Province

Despite a 2001 law allowing indigenous communities to obtain collective title to traditional lands, land alienation has been a major problem in Ratanakiri Province, Cambodia; some villages have been left nearly landless. The national government has granted concessions over land traditionally possessed by Ratanakiri's indigenous peoples, and even land "sales" have often involved bribes to officials, coercion, threats, or misinformation. For instance, a group of Ratanakiri villagers in 2001 were given salt and promises of development by military representatives in exchange for thumbprinting documents that—unbeknownst to them—transferred ownership of their ancestral lands to a military general. Following the involvement of several international NGOs, land alienation has decreased in frequency. These NGOs have assisted in the training of provincial government officials, promoting understanding of indigenous community concerns as well as encouraging dialog between the provincial and national governments. Pilot communal land titling projects have aimed to give legal force to traditional land ownership. Community natural resource management initiatives in Ratanakiri have been successful and have served as models for similar programs on a national level.

</doc>
<doc id="20125200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125200" title="The Link and the Chain">
The Link and the Chain

The Link and the Chain () is a 1963 French documentary film directed by Jacques Ertaud. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125202" title="Alejandra Andreu">
Alejandra Andreu

Alejandra Andreu Santamarta (born February 25, 1990 in Zaragoza) is a Spanish beauty pageant titleholder who won the 2008 Miss International title in The Venetian Macao, Macau on November 8, 2008. She also won the special award of "Miss Photogenic" at this pageant. Andreu's victory marks the third Miss International crown for Spain. Other winners were Pilar Medina (1977) and Silvia de Esteban (1990). It is also the first "Grand Slam" beauty title for Spain since 1990. Andreu also became one of the youngest winners in Miss International history when she was 18 at the coronation moment.
She represented Zaragoza at Miss España 2008 where she placed as 2nd runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="20125206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125206" title="David J. Peck">
David J. Peck

David Jones Peck (c. 1826-1855) was an American physician. He was the first African American to receive a Doctor of Medicine from an American medical school.
Peck was born to John Peck, one of the most prominent abolitionists, ministers, and businessmen in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. From about 1844 to 1846, Peck studied medicine under Dr. Joseph P. Gazzam, a white anti-slavery physician. After his two years of study with Gazzam, Peck entered Rush Medical College, Chicago in autumn 1846, and graduated in 1847. During the summer after graduation, Peck toured the state of Ohio with William Lloyd Garrison and Frederick Douglass.
He set up a medical practice in Philadelphia in 1848. He married Mary Lewis in Chicago, IL in 1849. When his medical practice in Philadelphia proved unsuccessful, he returned to Pittsburgh in 1850.
At the suggestion of Martin R. Delany, Peck moved to San Juan del Norte, Nicaragua in early 1852. No photographs of Dr. Peck are known to be in existence.
Peck was killed in the spring of 1855 in a skirmish between Democratic forces and their Republican rivals at Jalteva, Nicaragua (near Granada). The latter forces had been deposed after an election in 1854. Dr. Peck's death is recollected by Charles W. Doubleday in Chapter 4 of his "Reminiscences of the 'filibuster' War in Nicaragua. Peck died as the result of concussion injuries sustained when a Republican cannonier fired on the position from which Doubleday and Peck had been observing their activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20125228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125228" title="Monclova Municipality">
Monclova Municipality

Monclova is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Monclova. The municipality covers an area of 1480 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 200,160. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125235" title="Bill Thompson (footballer)">
Bill Thompson (footballer)

Bill Thompson (born 10 August 1921) is a former Scottish footballer who played in the Football League as a wing half for Portsmouth and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic.
Born in Glasgow, Thompson played for Scottish junior club Carnoustie Panmure before joining Portsmouth. He was a member of Portsmouth's championship-winning team of 1949 and 1950. His only goals for the club came on the last day of the 1949–50 season, playing as an emergency centre-forward. Needing to beat Aston Villa to ensure they stayed ahead of Wolverhampton Wanderers on goal average, Thompson scored twice in a 5–1 win. He went on to play in the League for Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic and in non-league football for Guildford City.
He was manager of Southern League club Worcester City from 1958 to 1962, and led them to victory against Liverpool in the 1958–59 FA Cup.
He later coached Sparta Rotterdam from 1963 to 1966 and HFC Haarlem from 1970 to 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20125270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125270" title="Morelos Municipality, Coahuila">
Morelos Municipality, Coahuila

Morelos is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Morelos. The municipality covers an area of 606.2 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,516. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125274" title="The Yanks Are Coming (1963 film)">
The Yanks Are Coming (1963 film)

The Yanks Are Coming is a 1963 American documentary film produced by Marshall Flaum. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Marshall Flaum wrote, produced and directed the documentary about the American involvement in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20125284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125284" title="Len Phillips">
Len Phillips

Leonard Horace "Len" Phillips (11 September 1922 – 9 December 2011) was a professional footballer who won three caps for the England national team.
Phillips was born in Shoreditch, London. At club level, he played his entire professional career for Portsmouth, and was a member of the championship-winning teams of 1949 and 1950.
After his professional career, Phillips went on to play non-league football for Poole Town, Chelmsford City and Bath City, then worked as a lathe operator at De Havilland's works in Portsmouth.
Phillips died in Portsmouth on 9 December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20125285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125285" title="Konstantinos Fliskas">
Konstantinos Fliskas

Konstantinos Fliskas (; born 21 April 1982) is a Greek footballer who plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C. in the Greek Super League.
Career.
Born in Karditsa, Fliskas began playing professional football with Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. in the Gamma Ethniki.

</doc>
<doc id="20125286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125286" title="Malpas railway station">
Malpas railway station

Malpas railway station was a railway station near to the village of Malpas, Cheshire on the Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway or Chester-Whitchurch Branch Line. The Station itself was actually located at Hampton Heath and was also known as Hampton Station.
History.
On the eve of an official visit to Chester in May 1917 during the First World War, the Royal Train carrying George V and Queen Mary stopped for the night at Malpas station. Troops from the Household Division guarded the area throughout the stay.
The track bed has been almost obliterated but the station has been restored. These building are now used as offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20125288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125288" title="Phasor Zap">
Phasor Zap

Phasor Zap is a game for the Apple II family of computers, created in 1978 by programmer Chris Oberth and published by The Elektrik Keyboard of Chicago, Illinois.
Game play.
"Phasor Zap" presents the player with a purple-tinted starfield that represents the view from the player's spacecraft. Enemy spacecraft appear from the edges of the screen and move straight across it, and it's up to the player to use to the paddles to focus four "phasor" beams onto each ship to destroy it, earning points. The player begins with a limited amount of phasor energy, one point of which is consumed each time the player shoots. When the amount of remaining energy reaches zero, the phasor is depleted and the game is over.
When an enemy ship crosses either the vertical or horizontal center line of the screen, it fires, scoring a hit. When this happens, the word "ZAP!" briefly fills the screen. If the player hasn't already run out of phasor energy, the game will end when the enemies score 99 hits.
The term "phasor" alludes to the phaser energy weapons used in the "" science fiction series.

</doc>
<doc id="20125290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125290" title="Múzquiz Municipality">
Múzquiz Municipality

Múzquiz is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Santa Rosa de Múzquiz. The municipality covers an area of 8,128.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 62,710. 
Of these, 242 spoke an indigenous language, primarily Kickapoo and Nahuatl. 
It is named for Melchor Múzquiz, President of the Republic in 1832, born in Santa Rosa in 1790.
Besides the seat, other towns of note include the coal mining town of Palaú (pop 16,000).

</doc>
<doc id="20125306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125306" title="Gigantactis">
Gigantactis

Gigantactis is a genus of deep-sea fish of the family Gigantactinidae. The species in this genus are poorly known and found in all oceans, at depths of . The most striking feature of these fish is extremely enlarged first filament of dorsal fin, called the illicium, with bioluminescent photophore at its end. 
Species.
There are currently 19 recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="20125309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125309" title="Vermont State Board of Education">
Vermont State Board of Education

The Vermont State Board of Education supervises, and manages the Department of Education and the public school system. The board makes regulations governing attendance and records of attendance of all pupils; standards for student performance, adult basic education programs, approval of independent schools, disbursement of funds, and equal access to education for all Vermont students. The governor appoints the board with approval by the senate. 
The board selects the Education Commissioner. The commissioner runs a department of 200 employees. The commissioner was paid a salary of $96,907 in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125319" title="Tabarly (soundtrack)">
Tabarly (soundtrack)

Tabarly is the original soundtrack album of the documentary film of the same title. It is composer Yann Tiersen's first soundtrack since 2003's "Good Bye Lenin!" and first studio album since 2005's "Les Retrouvailles". The album was recorded in Ushant and at Qu'en reste-t-il? studio in Paris, mixed at Davout studios in Paris, mastered at Loud Mastering, and released through Virgin Records and EMI France in CD format on 16 July 2008. A special edition consisting of a CD plus a LP record was released through Ici, d'ailleurs... record label.
The documentary film, directed by Pierre Marcel, tells the story of the French sailor, two-time champion of the Single-Handed Trans-Atlantic Race, and father of French yachting Éric Tabarly. It was released on June 2008 exactly ten years after his death. Éric Tabarly was lost at Irish Sea when struck by a gaff of his Pen Duick during heavy swell and knocked overboard from his yacht near Wales while on his way to the Fife Regatta in Scotland. His body was recovered five weeks later off the coast of Ireland by a French fishing trawler. The documentary, narrated by Tabarly himself, traces his sporting career until his last meal in Ushant.
This soundtrack would not exactly mark a departure from his previous work in films, but it does demonstrate a more restrained taste. Tiersen's abilities as pianist and guitarist are showcased throughout the album. On tracks like "Au-dessous du volcan" and ".IV" Tiersen demonstrates a singular appreciation for the guitar. The tracks "Tabarly" and "Point Zéro" are mirror images with the latter slowed down and no instrumental back up. It all ends with high strung violin playing and nothing else.
Track listing.
All music composed by Yann Tiersen. "Tabarly", "Point zéro", and "Point mort" are variations of "Fanny de Lanninon", a song with lyrics written by Pierre Mac Orlan, and music composed by Marceau Verschueren. The Ici d'ailleurs' LP has the same track listing of the CD with the first seven tracks on its side A, and the remaining eight on the side B.

</doc>
<doc id="20125320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125320" title="Húns">
Húns


</doc>
<doc id="20125328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125328" title="Hinnaard">
Hinnaard


</doc>
<doc id="20125332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125332" title="Molonglo Reference Catalogue of Radio Sources">
Molonglo Reference Catalogue of Radio Sources

Molonglo Reference Catalogue of Radio Sources (MRC) is an astronomical catalog containing 12 141 discrete sources from a 408-MHz survey with the Molonglo Radio Telescope.

</doc>
<doc id="20125339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125339" title="Hidaard">
Hidaard


</doc>
<doc id="20125340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125340" title="André Charlot">
André Charlot

André Eugene Maurice Charlot (26 July 1882 – 20 May 1956) was a French impresario known primarily for the highly successful musical revues he staged in London between 1912 and 1937. He also worked as a character actor in numerous feature films.
Born in Paris, Charlot began his career as the assistant manager of several theatres in the French capital, including the Folies Bergère and the Théâtre du Palais-Royal. In 1912 he relocated to London and became the joint manager of the Alhambra Theatre, where he began presenting productions noted for their elegance and simplicity rather than lavish Ziegfeld-like stagings.
Although he was instrumental in giving Noël Coward his first big break, Charlot's first meeting with the aspiring writer was less than successful. In 1917, Coward auditioned some of his material for the producer, who was unimpressed. "He plays the piano badly and sings worse," he complained to Beatrice Lillie, who had introduced the two men, adding, "Kindly do not waste my time with people like that ever again." The following year he purchased one of Coward's songs, "Peter Pan," for "Tails Up!", and in 1923 he staged "London Calling!", Coward's first publicly produced musical work. It included the tune "Parisian Pierrot," sung by Gertrude Lawrence, which proved to be Coward's first big hit and one of his signature tunes. Although the show was a success, Charlot and Coward never collaborated on such a large scale again.
"Andre Charlot's Revue of 1924",
starring Lillie, Lawrence, Jessie Matthews, and Jack Buchanan, was a major hit on Broadway. Ticket demand was such that the original six-week run was extended to nine months, and it ultimately ran for 298 performances.
With the Great Depression, theatre attendance dropped dramatically, and Charlot was forced into temporary bankruptcy after the failure of "Wonder Bar" in 1930. That same year he collaborated with Alfred Hitchcock, Jack Hulbert, and Paul Murray on direction of the film "Elstree Calling". After producing a series of smaller London revues, he moved to Hollywood, where between 1942 and 1955 he appeared in 50 films, often in small, uncredited roles. Among them were "The Constant Nymph", "Passage to Marseille", "The Song of Bernadette", "Lady on a Train", "The Dolly Sisters", "Julia Misbehaves", "That Forsyte Woman", "Annie Get Your Gun", "The Snows of Kilimanjaro", and "Interrupted Melody".
Charlot was married to Florence Gladman, with whom he had two children. He died of cancer in Woodland Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20125342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125342" title="Hilaard">
Hilaard


</doc>
<doc id="20125358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125358" title="Jason Hart (baseball)">
Jason Hart (baseball)

Jason Wyatt Hart (born September 5, 1977 in Walnut Creek, California) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder and first baseman who played for the Texas Rangers in .
High school and college.
Standing at 6'4" and weighing 240 pounds, Hart attended Fair Grove High School and then Southwest Missouri State University before playing professional baseball. 
Hart was originally drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the 20th round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft; however, he did not sign. After being drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the fifth round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft, he did sign. He was a 2nd-team college All-American and a Missouri Valley Conference All-Star in .
Professional career.
He began his professional career in 1998 with the Southern Oregon Timberjacks, hitting .258 with 20 home runs and 69 RBI with them. He led or tied for the Northwest League lead in games played, home runs and RBI. He earned a trip to the All-Star game and the Northwest League MVP Award that season. 
Playing for the Modesto A's in , Hart hit .305 with 19 home runs, 48 doubles and 123 RBI in 550 at-bats. Once again, he topped his league (the California League) in multiple categories, those being: at-bats, doubles and RBI.
In , Hart had another outstanding season. He spent most of the season with the Double-A Midland RockHounds, hitting .326 with 44 doubles, 30 home runs and 121 RBI for them. He led the Texas League in at-bats, hits, and RBI. Although he spent most of the year with the Rockhounds, he also played five games for the Triple-A Sacramento River Cats, hitting .278 with one home run, one double and four RBI in 18 at-bats. Overall, he hit .324 with 45 doubles, 31 home runs and 125 RBI. He was a Baseball America All-Star, a Double-A All-Star and a Texas League All-Star. Indeed, he was developing into a minor league star. 
According to "Baseball America", Hart was ranked the 59th best prospect in baseball and the second best prospect in the Athletics organization in . Despite that, he slumped that year while playing for the River Cats. In 494 at-bats, he hit .247 with 19 home runs and 75 RBI. 
On January 14, , Hart was traded with Gerald Laird, Ryan Ludwick, and Mario Ramos to the Rangers for Carlos Peña and Mike Venafro. Although he slumped mightily in 2001, Baseball America still named him the 10th best prospect in the Rangers organization in 2002. 
Indeed, he did show some improvement in 2002, hitting .263 with 25 home runs and 83 RBI for the Triple-A Oklahoma City RedHawks. He earned a call-up to the big leagues that season, and on August 18 he made his debut, at the age of 24. Facing the Toronto Blue Jays, he appeared as a pinch hitter for Mike Lamb in his first plate appearance and drew a walk. Overall, Hart would appear in 10 games, hitting .267 with three of his four hits being doubles. He appeared in his final big league game on September 29 of that season.
Although he did not play in the big leagues after 2002, he stuck around in the minors until . In , he again played for Oklahoma, hitting .252 with 21 home runs and 82 RBI. 
In , Hart was injured the entire season and did not play. He did, however, play for the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders in . With them, he hit .246 with 21 home runs and 77 RBI. On October 15, he was granted free agency. He was signed by the Minnesota Twins on December 14. 
Hart began the 2006 season with the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings. In 30 games with them, he hit .225 with four home runs and eight RBI. On June 1, he was sent back to the Rangers as part of a conditional deal. He finished the season with Oklahoma, hitting .254 with 14 home runs and 45 RBI. Combined, Hart hit .248 with 18 home runs and 53 RBI in his final professional season. 
In total, Hart hit .271 with 174 home runs, 243 doubles, and 687 RBI in eight minor league seasons.
Coaching career.
In , Hart assisted the Single-A Clinton LumberKings in the Rangers organization. On December 30, 2008, he was named the hitting coach for Low-A Spokane. On December 3, 2009, Hart was named the hitting coach for the Hickory Crawdads. Hart was featured as the first base coach giving signals to a baserunner in ESPN commercial in July, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20125363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125363" title="Frank Fafara">
Frank Fafara

Frank Fafara was a teen rocker in the late 1950s and early 1960s in Phoenix, where he achieved regional fame. 
In the late 1950s, Frank and his school friend and lead guitarist Richard Meyer started out playing for high school rallies. Their popularity soon came to the attention of Arizona Republic music columnist Jack Curtis, who set up their first recording session. The original recording included Richard Meyer on lead guitar, Jim Schultz on drums, Frank on rhythm guitar, and Al Casey on bass.
Fafara had a string of successful Rock ‘n Roll releases in Arizona from 1959 to 1964. His first recording, “Only in My Dreams” went to #5 on the Phoenix Top Ten radio charts. A series of releases followed including “Miss You Dee”, “Lovemaker, Lovebreaker” and “Golden One”. F rank Fafara recorded at the same studio as Duane Eddy, Waylon Jennings, Sanford Clark, and Wayne Newton. Cashbox’s national review noted that “Fafara has something of the late Buddy Holly in his light beat delivery”. Billboard Magazine gave him their highest 3 star rating.
Frank Fafara performed shows across Arizona with other top rockers of his day including the Everly Brothers, Conway Twitty, Brenda Lee and Del Shannon. He also appeared regularly at Stage 7, a popular Phoenix teen club. Frank appeared as a regular on KPHO’s Saturday night TV show Teen Beat, as well as performing on the famous Wallace & Ladmo TV show. On television, Frank was usually backed up by lead guitarist Mike Condello & the Stage 7 combo, while other shows normally featured Bob Knisley or Fred Allard on lead guitar.
In the 2000s, Fafara’s masters were found along with others at Audio Recorders, the studio which made Phoenix a major recording hub during the fifties & sixties. Frank wrote all of his songs and they were put out on MCI Records and Mascot Records. The songs were leased to Del-Fi Records, the same label as Richie Valens, but were never released nationally. In 2006, all the original Phoenix recordings from 1959 - 1964 of Fafara were completely digitized and released on a CD titled "Only In My Dreams".
Around the late 1970s, Fafara founded Comstock Records (generally known then as "Frank Fara"). 

</doc>
<doc id="20125370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125370" title="The Falls Church (Episcopal)">
The Falls Church (Episcopal)

The Falls Church historically refers to the church building by that name and its congregation in the city of Falls Church, Virginia near Washington, D. C.. The city takes its name from the church, and the church takes its name from its proximity to the Great Falls of the Potomac River at the time of establishment in 1734. After 2006, the name "The Falls Church" came under dispute after the congregation of The Falls Church divided, effectively creating two congregations - The Falls Church (Anglican) and The Falls Church (Episcopal) - both members of the Anglican Communion. The Anglican congregation and the Episcopal Church are currently engaged in legal disputes regarding property, naming, and assets. This article is about the continuing Episcopal congregation affiliated with the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia. For information on the property dispute and its origins, please refer to the The Falls Church article. For information on the The Falls Church (Anglican), please refer to that page.
Continuing the Episcopal Tradition.
Following the December 2006 vote of The Falls Church to disaffiliate from the Episcopal Church, some members of the congregation who had voted to remain in the Episcopal Church gathered together to discuss continuing The Falls Church as an Episcopal-affiliated parish. The outcome of this meeting was the express desire to gather together those who were disaffected by the vote, and to worship together. Within a few weeks the congregation of the Falls Church (Episcopal) had grown to over 60 people, and by years' end, over one hundred.
In May 2012, following a favorable court ruling, the Episcopal congregation returned to the historic property.
Development and Values.
The Falls Church (Episcopal) describes itself as "a welcoming group of believers whose message is one of trust in the hope-filled promises of Jesus Christ, love for one another, and service to the community." Identifying the Summary of the Law as its core value ("You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like it: You shall love your neighbor as yourself." Mark 12:30), The Falls Church (Episcopal) seeks to be a community centered on the commandments of Jesus Christ.
Defining its theology as both "Orthodox and Open", they affirm their belief in Apostolic Christianity. Further, The Falls Church (Episcopal) affirms Orthodox Christian teachings, including:
The Holy Trinity as one God who exists eternally in three persons, Father, Son and Holy Spirit. The Trinity reveals itself to us through Scripture, Tradition, Reason, and by the experience of God as understood in community.
The Lord Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is the full revelation of God, being both fully God and fully human.
The Holy Scriptures. The canonical books of the Old and New Testaments are the Word of God and contain all things necessary for salvation.
The Christian Church. The Church is the Body of Christ. Its members belong to Christ's new humanity and are called and sent to live in the world in the power of the Spirit, worshiping God, confessing His truth, proclaiming the Good News of Christ, supporting one another in love, and giving themselves in sacrificial service to others, especially those in need. Its great mission is to make disciples of all nations and peoples.
Spiritual Gifts and Ministry. All Christians are called to exercise their God-given gifts to work, witness and suffer for Christ. The particular call of ordained ministers is to preach, teach and provide leadership and pastoral care to equip God's people for His service and present them mature in Christ.
The Return of Christ. Our Lord Jesus Christ will personally return in glory at the end of this age for the resurrection of the dead for the glorification of His Church and for the renewal of the whole Creation.
Furthermore, The Falls Church (Episcopal) has affirmed the Historic Creeds of the Church (the Apostles Creed, the Nicene Creed, and the Athanasian Creed as authoritative definitions of Christianity, handed down throughout the centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20125372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125372" title="Brunskill">
Brunskill

Brunskill is a surname of English origin. 
Etymology.
Brunskill has an Anglo-Saxon, Old Norse and Viking origin, and it is a topographical name for someone who lives at a brown coloured stream or a brown hill. It derives from the Olde English pre 7th Century "brun" which derived from the Germanic word for "brown", and also either the Old Norse "skjallr" meaning "resounding" (a name of a river, strong stream or waterfall) or "hyll" meaning a "hill" or "mount". Topographical surnames were among the earliest created, since both natural and man-made features in the landscape provided easily recognisable distinguishing names in the small communities of the Middle Ages.<br>The village of Brownhills near Lichfield is also a possible source of the name, but the predominance of recordings in the London area suggests that the source is a now "lost" place in the South East of England. The surname was first recorded in the late 16th Century and early name recordings include, Jayne Bronskill who married Edmonde Walker at St. Brides', Fleet Street, London, on 25 September 1602, and Francis Brunskill, who married Katherine Temple at St. Dunstan's, Stepney, also in London, on 20 October 1625, in the reign of Charles I. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Marie Bronskyll, which was dated 23 May 1588, christened at St. Mary's at Hill, London, during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, known as "Good Queen Bess", 1558 - 1603. Surnames became necessary when governments introduced personal taxation. In England this was known as Poll Tax. Throughout the centuries, surnames in every country have continued to "develop" often leading to astonishing variants of the original spelling.
Geographical frequency in Britain.
At the time of the British Census of 1881 [http://www.britishsurnames.co.uk/surnames/BRUNSKILL/1881census], the relative frequency of the surname Brunskill was highest in Westmorland (101.3 times the British average), followed by Cumberland, County Durham, Northumberland, Yorkshire and Lancashire. In all other British counties, its relative frequency was below national average.

</doc>
<doc id="20125380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125380" title="James R. Tanner">
James R. Tanner

James R. Tanner (April 4, 1844—October 2, 1927) was an American Civil War soldier and in 1889 Commissioner of the Pension Bureau.
Military and political career.
Tanner was born at Richmondville, New York, April 4, 1844, where he worked as a teacher. When the Civil War began in 1861, he enlisted in the 87th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment. He served as a corporal with that unit through the Peninsula Campaign of 1862 and at the Second Battle of Bull Run where he received wounds that required the amputation of both legs above the knees. He learned how to walk with artificial legs and in 1863 secured appointment as Under-Doorkeeper of the New York State Legislature. Tanner later studied stenography and worked at the War Department in Washington, D.C., and served as a stenographer at Abraham Lincoln's deathbed.
In 1866, Tanner returned to New York and married Mero L. White. He later took up the study of law in New York and in 1869 was admitted to the bar. From 1869 to 1877 he was employed as Deputy Collector of the Customs for the Port of New York and from 1877 to 1885 was Tax Collector in Brooklyn, New York. In 1876, he ran for Register of Wills in Brooklyn, but was defeated. In 1884, he ran for Sheriff, but was again defeated.
GAR and Pension Bureau activities.
That same year, Tanner became the New York commander of the Grand Army of the Republic. He organized a GAR campaign promoting the establishment of a Union soldiers' home in Bath, New York, and a home for Confederate veterans in Richmond, Virginia. He later frequently was called on to lobby Congress on behalf of veterans and made many speeches in favor of Benjamin Harrison's presidential candidacy. Harrison appointed Tanner to be Commissioner of Pensions in March 1889. Intending to secure the greatest possible benefits and to "treat the boys liberally," Tanner proceeded to misconstrue administrative procedures and to vastly exceed his office's budget. At length, Secretary of the Interior John W. Noble, Tanner's superior, was forced to remedy the situation, and Tanner resigned in September 1889.
Later life.
From 1889 until 1904 he was a private pension attorney engaged in prosecuting various claims against the government. In April 1904, President Theodore Roosevelt appointed him a Register of Wills for the District of Columbia. In 1905, he was elected the National Commander of the Grand Army of the Republic.
Tanner died at Washington, D.C. on October 2, 1927 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery, along with his wife and daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20125381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125381" title="Football at the 1951 Asian Games">
Football at the 1951 Asian Games

Football at the 1951 Asian Games was held in New Delhi, India from March 5 to March 11, 1951. 
In this tournament, 6 teams played in the men's competition. The games lasted only 60 minutes.
Results.
All times are India Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="20125383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125383" title="The Voyage of the Snake Lady">
The Voyage of the Snake Lady

The Voyage of the Snake Lady is a teenage/young adult novel by the British author Theresa Tomlinson first published in 2007. It is the follow-up to the novel "The Moon Riders".

</doc>
<doc id="20125385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125385" title="Alba Reyes">
Alba Reyes

Alba Giselle Reyes Santos (born June 15, 1981 in Cidra) is a Puerto Rican beauty pageant titleholder and reality show contestant. Reyes previously held the title of Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2004 in which later on she placed 2nd runner-up at the Miss Universe 2004 pageant and won of the award of Miss Photogenic. She obtained a Juris Doctor Magna Cum Laude from the University of Puerto Rico School of Law in 2011.
In 2013 Reyes was a contestant on "Ready for Love", in which she competed for the attention of Ernesto Arguello where she finished as runner-up to Shandi Finnessey, whom she had competed against in Miss Universe 2004; Finnessey finished ahead of Reyes in both competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20125392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125392" title="Nadadores Municipality">
Nadadores Municipality

Nadadores is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Nadadores. The municipality covers an area of 834.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,822. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125405" title="Stanger Secondary School">
Stanger Secondary School

Stanger Secondary School is a public high school located in Stanger / KwaDukuza on the north coast of Kwazulu Natal in South Africa.
History.
The school was officially opened on 3 August 1920 and historically catered for the Indian community during apartheid. The school was referred to as "Stanger State Indian High School" during the Apartheid era.
Learners.
The school caters for learners from a vast range of communities. Feeder schools are mainly Kwadukuza Primary (located directly opposite Stanger Secondary), Dawnview Primary and Ashram Primary. About 70% of the learners come from historically disadvantaged backgrounds.
An ex-learner of notable reference is former national education minister Kader Asmal.
International Link.
Since 2004 Stanger Secondary School has been part of a "twinning agreement" with two schools in the United Kingdom - Cornwallis School and Beauchamp College. This link has yielded many benefits. Key examples of benefits include books, computers and skills. Internet connectivity was established in 2005 and, for the first time, an email was sent from within the school.
Fundanami Learning Centre.
One of the most significant benefits Stanger Secondary has gained from the twinning agreement is the construction of a state-of-the-art Learning Centre at the heart of the school. This centre was named "Fundanami" by the learners of the school. "Fundanami" is an Isizulu word meaning "Learn With Me". Construction began in May 2008 and completed in November 2008. The Centre was officially opened on 19 March 2009 in a function graced by many local representatives in education as well as the Kwazulu Natal Minister of Education, Ina Cronje. The Centre is managed by Mrs A. Namath.
The centre aims to be a multimedia and literacy hub. Literacy, being a major problem in the school, is tackled by means of a Reading Assistance Programme. Since the start of 2009, two reading assistants, Mrs T. Singh and Miss A. Dougmore were employed by the Fundanami Trust to assist Grade 8 learners who possess a very low reading age. The learners were identified by means of a Reading Test conducted in January 2009. Learners who progress in their reading age are rewarded with a Participation Certificate. The first two certificates were presented at the centre's official opening on 19 March 2009, by Mike Wood, head of the Fundanami Trust.
In addition to the Reading Programme, the centre is also utilized for a period called "Special English" (for Grades 8 to 12) - basically a Library Period where learners are encouraged to borrow books and read.
Additionally the centre is used for Computer Literacy lessons (for Grades 8 and 9) - a period when basic computer skills are taught.
Participation in International Conference.
One of the benefits of the twinning agreement with Cornwallis is the school's active participation in an annual international conference on student leadership. In 2007 Mrs P. Nasaree (Head of Department - Languages) participated in the conference held in Lune, Germany. With her, two learners, Raihanna Suliman and Mandisa Mlambo represented South Africa.
In 2008, Mrs Nasaree together with learners Nkululeko Mzimela and Sarika Chunilal attended the conference in Leicester, England.
The October 2009 conference was held in South Africa with delegates from the United Kingdom (including one Yusuf Patel who used to live in South Africa), Germany and India participating. In addition, delegates from several local schools participated.
The October 2010 conference was held in Germany with delegates from the United Kingdom, Germany, India, France and Sweden participating. In addition, delegates from several local schools participated. Learners from our school who participated were Ruvarashe Ndoora, Shabana Ali, Nomathemba Madlala and Zahraa Moolla.
The 2011 International Conference was hosted by Beauchamp College in the United Kingdom in Leicester, England featuring South Africa, England and Sweden. Two learners, Vaughn Naicker and Nqobile Mchunu, had attended this conference in October 2011. 2012's participants to Sweden were Alvina Rajmoney and Mvelo Zikhali.
The 2009 conference was a hit both in South Africa and globally and is thought to be the most successful campaign.
Staff.
The current principal is Mr. M. Sambiah (since 1998). The deputy principals are Mrs P. Nasaree and Mr. R. Maharaj.
The school is manned by a staff of approximately 40 educators.
The school is additionally managed by a team of Head of Departments, who also manage a specific grade. HOD's in the 2013 academic year are:
Mrs. P. Gounden (Languages) - Grade 12
Mr. A. Francis (Mathematics & Science) - Grade 11
Mrs R.D. Ganesh (Technology) - Grade 10
Mrs. S. Mohabir (Commerce) - Grade 9
Mr. M. Bisnath (Social Sciences) - Grade 8
School Management.
The school follows a 8-day cycled Time Table. There are six 55-minute periods in each school day.
The school is arranged with Teacher-Based Specialist Rooms. Hence learners move from class-to-class depending on the Time Table. This method is preferred as the subject teacher can host a range of equipment and learning aids in their Specialist Room - thus benefitting the learner. The movement is kept to minimal, however, by careful allocation of Specialised Rooms.
Learners are expected to wear a specialised uniform. Boys wear a grey trousers, white shirt and school tie (blue, with white stripes). Girls wear a check blue and white dress.
Learners are not allowed to carry cellphones to school and if found in their possession, it is confiscated and a fine may apply.
Due to Stanger Secondary's proximity to a tarred road and the fact that it has electricity and running water, it is classed a Quintile 4 fee-charging school. School fees in 2013 was set at ZAR1310-00. Learners from disadvantaged backgrounds may apply for a concession.
Curriculum.
The school covers a vast range Learning Areas. All lessons are conducted in English. (Except for lessons in the Additional Languages.)
Grades 8 and 9 cover the standard OBE subjects:
LLC English
LLC Afrikaans or Isizulu
Mathematics
Natural Sciences (Combined Physical Science and Life Science)
Social Sciences (Combined Geography and History)
Life Orientation
Arts and Culture
Economic and Management Sciences (Combined Accounting and Business Studies)
Technology
In addition, Grades 8's and 9's are trained with basic computer skills in a non-examined subject called Computer Literacy.
Grades 10, 11, 12 cover standard FET subjects ranging from sciences (Physics, Life Sciences) to vocational subjects like Tourism and Hospitality Studies.
In 2013, the school has re-introduced Information Technology into its curriculum.
English, Afrikaans OR Isizulu, Life Orientation and Mathematics OR Mathematical Literacy are compulsory.
The learner chooses three elective subjects.
The school's many decades have produced a high number of professionals in society. Learners are guided on Course Selection right from Grade 9 when crucial decisions are made.

</doc>
<doc id="20125413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125413" title="Nava Municipality">
Nava Municipality

Nava is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Nava. The municipality covers an area of 804.9 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 27,928 inhabitants.
Towns and villages.
The largest localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="20125430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125430" title="Bernard Goldstein (Warsaw Uprising)">
Bernard Goldstein (Warsaw Uprising)

Bernard Goldstein (1889-1959), sometimes called "Comrade Bernard", was a Polish socialist, union organizer, and leader of the Bund prior to World War II. During the war, he was active in the Warsaw Ghetto, helping smuggle in arms in preparation for the 1943 Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. 
After Poland's liberation from German occupation, he emigrated to the United States and wrote his autobiography, "Five Years in the Warsaw Ghetto" (originally titled "The Stars Bear Witness").
Life.
Goldstein was a leader in the Bund movement in Poland, and was active in the Warsaw Ghetto Resistance. During the time he spent living in and organizing resistance against the Nazis in the Ghetto, Nazi Germany systematically murdered half a million Jews once resident there. 
Over a year after the German Army had reduced the Warsaw Ghetto to rubble in liquidating its remaining Jewish occupants, Socialist resister survivors were rounded up by the Soviets and either imprisoned or executed.
Throughout the occupation, in spite of numerous confidence tricks by the Nazis and their assistants in the Jewish Gestapo to produce docility in the Ghetto population by labeling the forced removals to Treblinka as mere "work resettlement," Goldstein remained adamant that the Nazis were in fact gradually liquidating the Ghetto's residents. Via underground publications, Goldstein urged the Ghetto population to resist the German Army at all costs and not to cooperate with the Jewish collaborators whom the Gestapo controlled. When deportations started, his organization manufactured fake documents for those marked for liquidation. 
When it became clear the Nazis were planning to kill everyone, Goldstein helped organize the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising which ultimately ended in the Ghetto's destruction by German SS brigades. Escaping the Ghetto, Goldstein joined the Polish resistance and helped stage the following year's city-wide 1944 Warsaw Uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="20125431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125431" title="Ocampo Municipality, Coahuila">
Ocampo Municipality, Coahuila

Ocampo is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Ocampo. The municipality covers an area of 26,433 km² and is located on the international border between Mexico and the USA, here formed by the Río Bravo del Norte (Rio Grande), adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas.
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 10,991. 
Towns and villages.
The largest localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="20125471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125471" title="Glen Campbell Christmas">
Glen Campbell Christmas

Glen Campbell Christmas contains seven tracks from "That Christmas Feeling" (1968), "Silent Night" from "The Christmas Sound of Music" (1969), "O Holy Night" from "Christmas for the '90s, Vol.2" (1990), and the 1972 "I Believe in Christmas" which first appeared on "The Wonderful World of Christmas" (1976).

</doc>
<doc id="20125472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125472" title="Wiuwert">
Wiuwert


</doc>
<doc id="20125474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125474" title="Lobato">
Lobato

Lobato (which means "wolfling" in Spanish and Portuguese) may refer to:
People:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="20125479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125479" title="Collision cascade">
Collision cascade

A collision cascade (also known as a displacement cascade or a displacement spike) is a set of nearby adjacent energetic (much higher than ordinary thermal energies) collisions of atoms induced by an energetic particle in a solid or liquid.
If the maximum atom or ion energies in a collision cascade are higher than the threshold displacement energy of the material (tens of eVs or more), the collisions can permanently displace atoms from their lattice sites and produce defects. The initial energetic atom can be, e.g., an ion from a particle accelerator, an atomic recoil produced by a passing high-energy neutron, electron or photon, or be produced when a radioactive nucleus decays and gives the atom a recoil energy.
The nature of collision cascades can vary strongly depending on the energy and mass of the recoil/incoming ion and density of the material (stopping power).
Linear cascades.
When the initial recoil/ion mass is low, and the material where the cascade occurs has a low density (i.e. the recoil-material combination has a low stopping power), the collisions between the initial recoil and sample atoms occur rarely, and can be understood well as a sequence of independent binary collisions between atoms. This kind of a cascade can be theoretically well treated using the binary collision approximation (BCA) simulation approach. For instance, H and He ions with energies below 10 keV can be expected to lead to purely linear cascades in all materials.
The most commonly used BCA code SRIM can be used to simulate linear collision cascades in disordered materials for all ion in all materials up to ion energies of 1 GeV. Note, however, that SRIM does not treat effects such as damage due to electronic energy deposition or damage produced by excited electrons. The nuclear and electronic stopping powers used are averaging fits to experiments, and are thus not perfectly accurate either.
In linear cascades the set of recoils produced in the sample can be described as a sequence of recoil generations depending on how many collision steps have passed since the original collision: primary knock-on atoms (PKA), secondary knock-on atoms (SKA), tertiary knock-on atoms (TKA), etc. Since it is extremely unlikely that all energy would be transferred to a knock-on atom, each generation of recoil atoms has on average less energy than the previous, and eventually the knock-on atom energies go below the threshold displacement energy for damage production, at which point no more damage can be produced.
Heat spikes (thermal spikes).
When the ion is heavy and energetic enough, and the material is dense, the collisions between the ions may occur so near to each other that they can not be considered independent of each other. In this case the process becomes a complicated process of many-body interactions between hundreds and tens of thousands of atoms, which can not be treated with the BCA, but can be modelled using molecular dynamics methods.
Computer simulation-based animations of collision cascades in the heat spike regime are available on YouTube.
Typically, a heat spike is characterized by the formation of a transient underdense region in the center of the cascade, and an overdense region around it. After the cascade, the overdense region becomes interstitial defects, and the underdense region typically becomes a region of vacancies.
If the kinetic energy of the atoms in the region of dense collisions is recalculated into temperature (using the basic equation E = 3/2·N·kBT), one finds that the kinetic energy in units of temperature is initially of the order of 10,000 K. Because of this, the region can be considered to be very hot, and is therefore called a "heat spike" or "thermal spike" (the two terms are usually considered to be equivalent). The heat spikes cools down to the ambient temperature in 1–100 ps, so the "temperature" here does not correspond to thermodynamic equilibrium temperature. However, it has been shown that after about 3 lattice vibrations, the kinetic energy distribution of the atoms in a heat spike has the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution, making the use of the concept of temperature somewhat justified. Moreover, experiments have shown that a heat spike can induce a phase transition which is known to require a very high temperature, showing that the concept of a (non-equilibrium) temperature is indeed useful in describing collision cascades.
In many cases, the same irradiation condition is a combination of linear cascades and heat spikes. For example, 10 MeV Cu ions bombarding Cu would initially move in the lattice in a linear cascade regime, since the nuclear stopping power is low. But once the Cu ion would slow down enough, the nuclear stopping power would increase and a heat spike would be produced. Moreover, many of the primary and secondary recoils of the incoming ions would likely have energies in the keV range and thus produce a heat spike.
For instance, for copper irradiation of copper, recoil energies of around 5–20 keV are almost guaranteed to produce heat spikes. At lower energies, the cascade energy is too low to produce a liquid-like zone. At much higher energies, the Cu ions would most likely lead initially to a linear cascade, but the recoils could lead to heat spikes, as would the initial ion once it has slowed down enough. The concept "subcascade breakdown threshold energy" signifies the energy above which a recoil in a material is likely to produce several isolated heat spikes rather than a single dense one.
Swift heavy ion thermal spikes.
Swift heavy ions, i.e. MeV and GeV heavy ions which produce damage by a very strong electronic stopping, can also be considered to produce thermal spikes in the sense that they lead to strong lattice heating and a transient disordered atom zone. However, at least the initial stage of the damage might be better understood in terms of a Coulomb explosion mechanism. Regardless of what the heating mechanism is, it is well established that swift heavy ions in insulators typically produce ion tracks forming long cylindrical damage zones of reduced density.
Time scale.
To understand the nature of collision cascade, it is very important to know the associated time scale. The ballistic phase of the cascade, when the initial ion/recoil and its primary and lower-order recoils have energies well above the threshold displacement energy, typically lasts 0.1– 0.5 ps. If a heat spike is formed, it can live for some 1–100 ps until the spike temperature has cooled down essentially to the ambient temperature. The cooling down of the cascade occurs via lattice heat conductivity and by electronic heat conductivity after the hot ionic subsystem has heated up the electronic one via electron-phonon coupling. Unfortunately the rate of electron-phonon coupling from the hot and disordered ionic system is not well known, as it can not be treated equally to the fairly well known process of transfer of heat from hot electrons to an intact crystal structure. Finally, the relaxation phase of the cascade, when the defects formed possibly recombine and migrate, can last from a few ps to infinite times, depending on the material, its defect migration and recombination properties, and the ambient temperature.
Effects.
Damage production.
Since the kinetic energies in a cascade can be very high, it can drive the material locally far outside thermodynamic equilibrium. Typically this results in defect production. The defects can be, e.g., point defects such as 
Frenkel pairs, ordered or disordered dislocation loops, stacking faults, or amorphous zones. Prolonged irradiation of many materials can lead to their full amorphization, an effect which occurs regularly during the ion implantation doping of silicon chips.
The defects production can be harmful, such as in nuclear fission and fusion reactors where the neutrons slowly degrade the mechanical properties of the materials, or a useful and desired materials modification effect, e.g., when ions are introduced into semiconductor quantum well structures to speed up the operation of a laser. or to strengthen carbon nanotubes.
A curious feature of collision cascades is that the final amount of damage produced may be much less than the number of atoms initially affected by the heat spikes. Especially in pure metals, the final damage production after the heat spike phase can be orders of magnitude smaller than the number of atoms displaced in the spike. On the other hand, in semiconductors and other covalently bonded materials the damage production is usually similar to the number of displaced atoms. Ionic materials can behave like either metals or semiconductors with respect to the fraction of damage recombined.
Other consequences.
Collision cascades in the vicinity of a surface often lead to sputtering, both in the linear spike and heat spike regimes. Heat spikes near surfaces also frequently lead to crater formation. This cratering is caused by liquid flow of atoms, but if the projectile size above roughly 100,000 atoms, the crater production mechanism switches to the same mechanism as that of macroscopic craters produced by bullets or asteroids.
The fact that lots of atoms are displaced by a cascade means that ions can be used to deliberately mix materials, even for materials that are normally thermodynamically immiscible. This effect is known as ion beam mixing.
The non-equilibrium nature of irradiation can also be used to drive materials out of thermodynamic equilibrium, and thus form new kinds of alloys.

</doc>
<doc id="20125482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125482" title="Fair Grove High School">
Fair Grove High School

Fair Grove High School is a public high school serving 367 students in grades 9–12 located in Fair Grove, Missouri. The current principal is Mike Bell and the Assistant Principal is Chris Stallings. 96.5% of the students who attend the school are white, while 0.3% are black, 1.6% are Hispanic and 1.6% are Asian.
Statewide Test Results.
2009 EOC results showed 84% of students taking English 2 were at or above proficient. They also showed 70% of students taking biology were at or above proficient. Finally 48% of students taking Algebra 1 were at or above proficient, compared to a state average of 53% in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20125491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125491" title="Wjelsryp">
Wjelsryp


</doc>
<doc id="20125495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125495" title="Waaksens">
Waaksens


</doc>
<doc id="20125523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125523" title="Softape">
Softape

Softape is a defunct software company that published computer games, utilities and productivity programs for the Apple II family of computers in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It was co-founded by William Smith, Bill Depew and Gary Koffler.
Softape's Software Exchange newsletter, "Softalk", was taken over by Margot Comstock and Al Tommervik in 1980 and re-designed into the Apple II enthusiast magazine "Softalk".
Software.
Softape published at least 20 games for the Apple II:

</doc>
<doc id="20125528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125528" title="1977 Intertoto Cup">
1977 Intertoto Cup

In the 1977 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into ten groups of four teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20125534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125534" title="Anak Agung Gde Sobrat">
Anak Agung Gde Sobrat

Anak Agung Gde Sobrat (1912–1992) was a painter in Indonesia.
Biography.
Early life.
Sobrat was the son of an aristocratic family from the town of Padangtegal in Ubud. Prior to World War II, he was also known as I Dewa Sobrat.
As a child, he was exposed to various forms of art such as shadow puppet performances and sacred dances at the village's temples. He learned to make shadow puppets from his grandfather. This became the basis for his skillful depiction of the Ramayana and Mahabharata in his early paintings.
Influence of Walter Spies.
Sobrat and his neighbor Anak Agung Gde Meregeg were the first two artists in Padangtegal to meet Walter Spies, at the end of 1920s. Spies was a German artist who together with Rudolf Bonnet was thought to be the agent of change for the modernization of Balinese art.
Sobrat worked and lived with Spies for a year.
Spies' influence can be seen in his early works, particularly those with split or double horizons. He learned western style painting from Spies and Rudolf Bonnet. In the early 1930s, Bonnet considered him to be the most talented Balinese artist of the period for his drawing skill, color composition and his versatility. It is from Bonnet that he learned portraiture.
From 1957 and 1959 Sobrat taught at the Academy of Fine Arts in Yogyakarta.
Works.
In his early career, before 1930, Sobrat produced mainly Wayang (shadow style) paintings. Some of his early works can be found in the Museum Puri Lukisan in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia. Sobrat produced many portraits, mostly of his daughter.
Reception.
Bonnet once wrote that Anak Agung Gde Sobrat was the most talented artist in Bali. His works can be found in several museums throughout the world: Bali Museum; Museum Puri Lukisan - Ubud, Bali; Rijksmuseum voor Volkenkunde - Leiden; and Tropenmuseum - Amsterdam. In Bali, his pre-war and modern works can be viewed at the Puri Lukisan Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20125538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125538" title="Skeleton warrior (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Skeleton warrior (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, skeleton warriors are a more powerful version of undead skeletons.
Publication history.
Skeleton warriors first appeared in the original "Fiend Folio". The "Fiend Folio" was reviewed by Jamie Thomson in the British magazine "White Dwarf" #28 (December 1981/January 1982). As part of his review, Thomson comments on several monsters appearing in the book, referring to the skeleton warriors as "beings similar to Tolkien's ringwraiths".
The skeleton warrior appeared in second edition for the Dragonlance setting in the "Monstrous Compendium Dragonlance Appendix" (1990), and reprinted in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993).
Description.
Skeleton warriors are created from great warriors by powerful necromancy. Unlike their lesser kin, skeleton warriors retain all of their fighting skill and are highly resistant to magic. Skeleton warriors are difficult to command, and as such are rarely found in groups greater than two or three.
Lord Soth of Krynn was served by thirteen skeleton warriors, the cursed undead remnants of his loyal retainers.

</doc>
<doc id="20125546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125546" title="Parras Municipality">
Parras Municipality

Parras is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Parras de la Fuente. The municipality covers an area of 9,271.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 44,715. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125551" title="Norton Big 4">
Norton Big 4

The Model 1, or more commonly known as Big 4 was a Norton motorcycle made between 1907 and 1954 in various forms. With , it was the largest and most powerful side valve engine, with plenty of low end torque in the model range, and was mostly used to haul sidecars. Approximately 4700 of the nearly 100,000 military bikes made by Norton during WW2 were Big 4 sidecar outfits. Designed to carry two or three men plus their fighting equipment over very rough terrain, the Big 4 was used for reconnaissance and carrying loads of ammunition to the front line troops. It was called Big 4 due to its power rating of 4 hp, calculated as tax horsepower. Calculated using current methods the horsepower rating would be 14 brake horsepower.
Civilian Norton Big 4.
The first Big 4 machines were civilian versions starting in 1907 with a bore and stroke of 82 x 120 mm. The model was produced for nine years after the end of World War II when Norton ended the manufacture of side valve singles to concentrate on twins. As from 1948 the bore and stroke changed to 82 x 113 mm to give 596cc capacity.
Military Norton WD Big 4.
The WD Big 4 was a development of prewar trials outfit with a sidecar wheel coupled to the motorcycle rear wheel through a dog clutch and drive shaft. Initial trials were carried out at Studland in Dorset and it coped well with challenging terrain. The simple design also meant it was easy to maintain in the field. All three 18" X 4.00 wheels were interchangeable with various makes of tyres for off road use.
The sidecar was unarmoured, with thin sheetmetal on the front of the sidecar and there was no suspension in the rear of the heavy duty frame. The sidecar was mounted on four leaf springs, and had two friction disc shock absorbers at the back. The Big Four was eventually replaced by the Ford GP or the Willys Jeep in 1941.
The Big 4 could be equipped with a Bren gun or a 3 inch mortar, bombs could be fitted to a platform in place of a sidecar, but this seems to have been a one off model, same with the Thompson equipped Big 4

</doc>
<doc id="20125558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125558" title="John Klier">
John Klier

Professor John Doyle Klier (1944–2007) was a pioneering historian of Russian Jewry and a pivotal figure in academic Jewish studies and East European history in the UK and beyond. At the end of his career and life, Professor Klier was the Sidney and Elizabeth Corob Professor of Modern Jewish History at University College London. He was a historian who challenged scholarly opinion on the Jewish community under the Tsars.
Early life and university.
Klier was born in 1944 in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, and his family lived briefly in Washington before settling in Syracuse, New York. His father taught aeronautical engineering at Syracuse University. Brought up as a Catholic, John attended Notre Dame University in South Bend, Indiana for his BA and MA in history. He pursued doctoral study at the University of Illinois, which was known for Russian and Soviet history. In his investigations of pre-revolutionary Russia, he noticed that little research had been conducted on Russian Jewry for most of the 20th century. His PhD dissertation examined the process by which Tsarist Russia, after the partitions of Poland in the late 18th century, absorbed Jews into the Russian state system. His first book, Russia Gathers Her Jews: The Origins of the Jewish Question in Russia (1986), expanded on the PhD thesis.
Work in Russia.
In 1991, he was one of the first foreign scholars to undertake in-depth research on the Jews in Soviet archives, and mined resources in the coming years in Kiev, Moscow, St Petersburg and Minsk. In 1993, he received a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities in the United States to prepare surveys of Jewish materials in post-Soviet archives. Scores, if not hundreds, of researchers of East European Jewry have benefited from his insight and guidance. His second major monograph, 'Imperial Russia's Jewish Question, 1855–1881', appeared in 1995.
John lead the Jewish studies department at UCL and was also a regular organiser of trips of Russianists from the School of Slavonic and East European Studies to the theatre and opera. The UCLU club photo from 2005 now sits in his Memorial Library in the Hebrew and Jewish Studies Department.
Personal life.
John was devoted to his wife Helen Mingay and their two children, Sophia and Sebastian. He is survived by family members in Upstate New York and the UK. John was an expert in many national literatures – which he preferred to read in their original language.

</doc>
<doc id="20125560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125560" title="Seaford to Beachy Head">
Seaford to Beachy Head

Seaford to Beachy Head is a Site of Special Scientific Interest situated in East Sussex, England. It is of biological and geological interest, with varied habitats of chalk grassland and cliffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20125568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125568" title="Piedras Negras Municipality">
Piedras Negras Municipality

Piedras Negras Municipality is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Piedras Negras. The municipality covers an area of 914.2 km² and is located on the international border between Mexico and the USA, here formed by the Río Bravo del Norte (Rio Grande), adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas.
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 152,806. 
Towns and villages.
The largest localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="20125571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125571" title="List of banks in Brunei">
List of banks in Brunei

Here is a list of banks in Brunei. The list shall be updated once new information is available.

</doc>
<doc id="20125593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125593" title="Wommels">
Wommels


</doc>
<doc id="20125596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125596" title="M55 rocket">
M55 rocket

The M55 rocket was a chemical weapon developed by the United States in the 1950s. The United States Army produced both Sarin and VX unitary warheads for the M55.
History.
In 1951 the US Army Chemical Corps and Ordnance Corps initiated a joint program to develop a 115mm chemical rocket. The US Army Ordnance Corps designed the 115mm T238 and launcher in 1957 to provide the army a means to attack large area targets with chemical agents. Artillery and mortars are for small area targets; and due to different spin stabilities weapons intended for explosives are not ideal for chemical delivery. The 115mm rocket was subsequently accepted as the M55 rocket with M91 launcher. Produced from 1959–1965, the M55s were manufactured at Newport Army Ammunition Plant and tested at Aberdeen Proving Ground. The Army produced unitary warheads filled with Sarin (GB) and VX nerve agents for the M55.
Disposal and storage programs.
Storage.
During the 1960s the Army stored many M55s at Black Hills Army Depot. The M55 was also stored at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal and in Okinawa, Japan. The rockets in Japan were moved to Johnston Atoll during Operation Red Hat where they were destroyed during the 1990s.
Disposal issues.
Disposal operations for the M55 are made more difficult because of the rocket's design. The rocket propellant was a double base composition nitroglycerin (NG) and nitrocellulose (NC) propellant. Besides the NG and NC, M28 contains 2-nitrodiphenylamine (NDPA) as a stabilizer. The rocket propellant cannot be removed from the warhead without cutting open the rocket.
The propellant itself presents a hazard, because it becomes unstable as it ages. Specifically, the danger of autoignition is present as the stabilizer ages and becomes depleted. The U.S. National Research Council and other sources called the M55 the most dangerous weapon in the American chemical arsenal because of this and other hazards.
Another danger is agent leakage. Army reports have indicated that nerve agent GB can corrode the metal casings of the munitions over time. As Sarin decomposes it forms acids which can corrode the aluminum casings found around the agent in the M55. M55 rockets containing GB have accounted for the majority of leaking American chemical weapons. In mid-2002, over 4,000 munitions in the U.S. chemical stockpile were found to be leaking agent; of that number 2,102 were Sarin containing M55s.
Specifications.
The M55 is 78 inches long and 4.44 inches in diameter. The 57 pound weapons can hold warheads filled with about 10 pounds of GB or VX. The warhead comprises about 15 pounds total, and consists of several components. The M34 and M36 Burster utilize composition B or tetrytol and total about 3 pounds of the total weapon weight. The agent, as stated, comprises about ten pounds of the weight with the rest lying in the casing and M417 fuze.

</doc>
<doc id="20125597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125597" title="David Fergusson">
David Fergusson

David A. S. Fergusson (born 1956) is a Scottish theologian. He is Professor of Divinity at New College in the University of Edinburgh. He is a minister of the Church of Scotland. 
He was born in Glasgow.
Fergusson was Assistant Minister at St Nicholas Parish Church, Lanark, 1983-1984 and Associate Minister at St Mungo's Parish Church, Cumbernauld, 1984-1986.
In 1986, he was appointed a lecturer at the University of Edinburgh. In 1990, he was appointed Professor of Systematic Theology at the University of Aberdeen, before moving to Edinburgh in 2000. He is a Fellow of the British Academy (elected 2013), a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and an associate director of the Centre for Theology and Public Issues.
Fergusson delivered the Cunningham Lectures in Edinburgh in 1996, the Bampton Lectures in Oxford in 2001, the Gifford Lectures at the University of Glasgow in 2008 and the Warfield Lectures at Princeton Theological Seminary.

</doc>
<doc id="20125603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125603" title="Progreso Municipality, Coahuila">
Progreso Municipality, Coahuila

Progreso is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Progreso. The municipality covers an area of 1818.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,379. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125605" title="Nui!">
Nui!

Nui! is a three-volume manga series by Natsumi Mukai. This story is about a girl named Kaya who has just celebrated her sixteenth birthday; on that day, she discovers that her stuffed animal Purple is alive and has been secretly protecting Kaya all her life.
Plot.
The plot centers around Kaya and her three stuffed animals: Purple, Gray, and Aqua. Because Kaya loves and cares for her stuffed animals so much they are able to have souls, as long as Kaya keeps loving them their souls will be allowed to live on. As the legend goes, if a stuffed animal experiences a 'High Emotional Moment' they can then do a 'Human Transform' in which they are able to become human for a short period of time. As Kaya and her stuffed animals go on adventures they meet other stuffed animals and their owners. Finding out along the way that although some are nice, there are others who are not so kind, meaning Purple, Gray and Aqua are frequently forced to protect Kaya whilst struggling to keep their secret identities hidden from the rest of the world.
Information on USA Publisher.
NUI! volumes were published in the USA by Broccoli Books for a time. But due to the fact that Broccoli Books USA shut down([http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2008-11-19/broccoli-international-usa-to-shut-down-by-year-end])it is no longer available in the English language. NUI! has yet to be picked up by another US publisher.
Anime.
At present no anime has been announced for Nui!

</doc>
<doc id="20125607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125607" title="Weidum">
Weidum


</doc>
<doc id="20125608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125608" title="Locomotives of the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway">
Locomotives of the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway

Locomotives of the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway. Initially, the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway (LTSR) hired Great Eastern Railway (GER) locomotives, but from 1880 acquired their own. The LTSR principally operated tank engines, which it named after towns on the route. The railway's first locomotive superintendent was Thomas Whitelegg, who in 1910 was succeeded by his son Robert. The LTSR became part of the Midland Railway (MR) in 1912, but nevertheless continued to be operated independently. The Midland removed locomotive names and renumbered engines. The Midland, and its successor the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS), continued to build some designs. 
Locomotive classes.
Steam locomotives are divided into the following classes:
The LTSR 37, 51, and 79 classes were similar, with the 51 class being lighter () than the other two ().
Preservation.
Only one LT&SR locomotive has survived into preservation:

</doc>
<doc id="20125620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125620" title="Winsum, Friesland">
Winsum, Friesland


</doc>
<doc id="20125631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125631" title="Andrew Gray (surveyor)">
Andrew Gray (surveyor)

Andrew Belcher Gray (July 6, 1820–April 16, 1862) was an American surveyor.
Born in Norfolk, Virginia, he studied engineering and surveying under Andrew Talcott, and surveyed the Mississippi Delta with him in 1839, before joining the Texas Navy as a midshipman. Remaining in the Republic of Texas, he was appointed a surveyor for the Texas-U.S. boundary commission led by Memucan Hunt. In 1844–1846, he served as U.S. government mineral surveyor, mapping the rich copper country of the Keeweenaw Peninsula in Michigan and leasing out the government's mineral lands.
He returned to the new state of Texas during the Mexican–American War. Following the war, he served as chief surveyor of the US–Mexican commission which established the border after the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. When the U. S. Commissioner, John Bartlett, a Yankee, gave away the Rio Grande's Mesilla Valley because of a map error, which had been disputed by the Mexican Delegation, the fiery Southerner Gray opposed the unacceptable compromise, and was removed from the commission (as surveyor, his signature was required for approval of the compromise). He was replaced by friend William Emory, but not before Gray had finished surveying the original U.S.–Mexico boundary from the Rio Grande, over the Black Range, down the Gila River to its junction with the Colorado River, and across the desert of southern California to the Pacific Ocean at San Diego. The U.S. Congress reviewing the case sided with Gray, but in the interim the President had sent James Gadsden to Mexico City to buy not just the Mesilla Valley of New Mexico but what is now known as the Gadsden Purchase from Mexico. Gray's claim in his survey report that it was the best route for a railroad influenced the Senate to approve the Treaty in 1854.
Earlier, in 1849, he had accompanied the boundary commission to San Diego. The town of San Diego was then located at the foot of Presidio Hill, more than a mile from navigable water. When Gray's party camped near what is now H Street in Downtown San Diego, he realized that a location near San Diego Bay would make a much better site for a city. He proposed the idea to several San Diegans and found a receptive audience in William Heath Davis. Davis recruited several other investors and founded New Town San Diego. Gray was a partner in the project and built a cottage in the area. New Town was unsuccessful due to a financial depression in 1851, a lack of fresh water, and hostility from the original settlers in Old Town and La Playa. An army facility was maintained in the area throughout the 1850s but was then abandoned. However, Gray's idea was successfully revived by Alonzo Horton in 1867, and by 1880 the main focus of the city of San Diego moved to the waterfront area identified by Gray, where it remains to this day.
In 1852 he was recruited by the Texas Western Railroad to lead a survey from San Antonio westwards towards the Colorado River and California; his journals were published in 1856 as "Survey of a Route for the Southern Pacific R.R. on the 32nd Parallel". In 1857, he was back in Arizona promoting copper mines, at Ajo and the future Ray-Hayden-Winkelman area, Arizona. Because of transportation costs and Apache attacks, the mines were only begun to be opened before war clouds loomed (in the twentieth century the Ray and Ajo open pits were among the largest copper producers in the country). He had settled in Tucson, Arizona, continued his surveying business, before joining the Confederate States Army on the outbreak of the American Civil War. He worked as an engineer on fortifications along the Mississippi River, and was killed in 1862 when the boiler of a steamboat he was traveling on exploded. He left a wife and three daughters in New Orleans to mourn his loss.

</doc>
<doc id="20125642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125642" title="Ramos Arizpe Municipality">
Ramos Arizpe Municipality

Ramos Arizpe is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Ramos Arizpe. The municipality covers an area of 5306.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 56,708. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125646" title="James H. Stuart">
James H. Stuart

James H Stuart is a former mayor of Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, from 1986 to 1996. In 1996, the city elected to build a park named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20125690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125690" title="List of Miami Marlins seasons">
List of Miami Marlins seasons

The Miami Marlins (originally the Florida Marlins from 1993 until 2011) are a professional baseball team that has been based in Miami Gardens, Florida since becoming an expansion team in . The Marlins are a member of both the Major League Baseball's (MLB) National League Eastern Division and the National League (NL) itself. For the first 19 seasons, the Marlins played their home games at Sun Life Stadium. Beginning with the season, the Marlins play home games at Marlins Park in Little Havana.
Regular season results.
<onlyinclude>
These statistics are current as of the conclusion of the 2013 Major League Baseball season. Bold denotes a playoff season, pennant or championship; "italics" denote an active season.
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20125697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125697" title="Dutch Uncles">
Dutch Uncles

Dutch Uncles are an indie rock band from Marple, England. They are known for their use of atypical time signatures within a pop context. Their influences include several bands such as King Crimson, Steve Reich, XTC and Talking Heads.
Biography.
Originally from Marple, the band started playing together in college. They became Dutch Uncles in April 2008, and in early 2009 released their eponymous debut album in Germany with Tapete Records, a German label, recorded at Cloud Hill Studios in Hamburg.
The band returned in 2010 with their UK debut single "The Ink", released through the independent record label Love & Disaster on 31 May 2010. Soon after, the band signed to London label Memphis Industries and released the single "Fragrant" on 1 November 2010. The band's second album entitled "Cadenza" was released on 25 April 2011. The band toured the UK throughout 2011 including appearances at Reading and Leeds Festivals and stage headline slots at Bestival and Latitude, followed by a European and UK support tour with Wild Beasts.
A third album, "Out of Touch, In the Wild", was released on January 14, 2013. The following summer the band supported American rock band Paramore on their European tour. Interestingly, Paramore guitarist Taylor York mentioned Dutch Uncles as one source of inspiration for their 2013 album.

</doc>
<doc id="20125707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125707" title="1994 All-Pro Team">
1994 All-Pro Team

The 1994 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1994. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1994 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20125710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125710" title="Clarence Kraft">
Clarence Kraft

Clarence Otto Kraft was a Major League Baseball player. He played in three games for the Boston Braves in , but only appeared once in the field (at first base). He went 1-for-3 at the plate with one strikeout.
His greater claims to fame came later, in the minor leagues. The first came immediately after his major league career ended. The Braves had acquired Kraft from the Brooklyn Robins, and returned Kraft to them in July. Brooklyn tried to send Kraft to the minor leagues, but Kraft sought the protection of the newly formed Fraternity of Professional Baseball Players of America, which under the terms of a new agreement with the major league teams would allow Kraft to tender his services to higher-classed minor league teams. Under this clause, Kraft signed with the Class AA Newark Indians. However, the National Commission ruled that the rule could not be applied retroactively, and that Kraft's rights belonged to the Class A Nashville Volunteers. Kraft refused to report to the Volunteers, however, and the dispute was only settled when Robins owner Charles Ebbets paid Nashville $2,500 to rescind their claim on Kraft.
Later, playing for the Fort Worth Panthers, Kraft led the Texas League in home runs three straight times, from through . In 1924, he hit 55 home runs and drove in 196 runs for the Panthers while batting .349. That season, he set several league records that stand to this day, including most runs scored (150), extra base hits (96), total bases (414) and RBI. Following the season, he announced his retirement and opened an auto dealership. He later served as a judge for Tarrant County before his death in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20125756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125756" title="Ray Redshaw">
Ray Redshaw

Ray Redshaw (born 23 December 1958 in Salford) is a former professional English footballer.
Redshaw played for many teams which included Leeds United, Wigan Athletic, Hyde United, Salford City, Southport, Macclesfield Town, Northwich Victoria, Accrington Stanley, Chorley, Leigh Genesis who were formerly known as Horwich RMI in Redshaw's days at the club and in New Zealand with Papatoetoe.
Redshaw played at Wigan Athletic with the likes of Paul Jewell, Mike Newell and Steve Walsh in the mid 80s and made his debut against West Brom in 1984.
Redshaw also represented England at C level.
Redshaw has two sons playing professionally; Mark Redshaw is currently playing in the Netherlands for FC Oss in the Dutch First Division and Jack Redshaw is currently playing for Altrincham FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20125770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125770" title="Sabinas Municipality">
Sabinas Municipality

Sabinas is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Sabinas. The municipality covers an area of 2345.2 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 53,042 . 

</doc>
<doc id="20125773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125773" title="Papyrus 77">
Papyrus 77

Papyrus 77 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_177, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 23:30-39. formula_177 is written in an elegant hand. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned a date anywhere from the middle 2nd century to the early 3rd century.
According to Comfort together with Papyrus 103 probably belongs to the same codex. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland ascribed it as a “at least normal text”, and placed it in Category I. 
formula_177 has the closest affinity with Codex Sinaiticus. 
It is currently housed at the Sackler Library (P. Oxy. 2683) in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20125781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125781" title="Pycniospore">
Pycniospore

Pycniospores are a type of spore in fungi. They are produced in special cup-like structures called pycnia or pynidia. Almost all fungi reproduce asexually with the production of spores. Spores may be colorless, green, yellow, orange, red, brown or black.
Other types of spore.
Sporangiospores (spore:spore, angion:sac) are spores formed inside the sporangium which is a spore sac. 
Conidia (singular: conidium) are spores produced at the tip of special branches called conidiophores.
Oidia (singular: oidium). In several fungi, the hyphae is often divided into a large number of short pieces by transverse walls. Each piece is able to germinate into a new body. These pieces are called oidia (small egg).
Chlamydospores (chlymus: mantle) are produced like idia but differ from idia in being thick walled. They are either terminal or inter caloary.

</doc>
<doc id="20125782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125782" title="Sacramento Municipality">
Sacramento Municipality

Sacramento is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Sacramento. The municipality covers an area of 168.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,063. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125799" title="List of Al Murray's Happy Hour episodes">
List of Al Murray's Happy Hour episodes

"Al Murray's Happy Hour" is a chat show presented by comedian Al Murray and produced by Avalon Television. Airing on ITV1.
Episode guide.
Series 1.
Premiered 13 January 2007 and ended 10 March 2007. Consisting of 9x60min episodes, airing each Saturday night.
Series 2.
Premiered 11 January 2008 and ended 4 April 2008. Consisting of 13x60min episodes, airing at the new time slot of each Friday night at 22:00.
Series 3.
Premiered 12 September 2008 and ended 24 October 2008. Consisting of 7x60min episodes, airing each Friday night at 22:00.

</doc>
<doc id="20125815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125815" title="Ari Jósefsson">
Ari Jósefsson

Ari Jósefsson (28 August 1939 – 1964) was an Icelandic poet. He was a student of romance studies in Barcelona and Bucharest and published only one book of poetry during his lifetime. Jósefsson disappeared from the Gullfoss during passage to Reykjavík.
Works.
"Nei" (1961)

</doc>
<doc id="20125819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125819" title="Vincent Muldoon">
Vincent Muldoon

Vincent Muldoon (born 12 October 1990) is an Irish professional snooker player. After being a successful junior player (he was a European Under-19 Championship finalist in 2007), he became a professional in 2008. Despite some good performances throughout the 2008/2009 season including losing narrowly 8–10 to Jimmy White in the second qualifying round of the 2009 World Championship he fell off the tour.
Tournament wins.
Note: the following lists may not be complete:

</doc>
<doc id="20125839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125839" title="Albert Lindley Lee">
Albert Lindley Lee

Albert Lindley Lee (January 16, 1834  – December 13, 1907) was a lawyer, Kansas State Supreme Court Judge, and Union general in the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Albert Lee was born in Fulton, New York. His parents were Moses Lee and Ann (Case) Lee. Lee was educated at Union College, and graduated in 1853. He was admitted into the bar and practiced in New York. In 1858, Lee moved to Kansas. When he arrived he became one of the founders of the Elwood Free Press. In 1859, he was elected a district judge, and when the American Civil War began Lee was serving as a justice on the Kansas Supreme Court.
Civil War and later life.
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Lee joined the Union Army. Lee became a major in the 7th Kansas Cavalry, in October 1861. He was promoted to colonel of the regiment and took part in Henry W. Halleck's capture of Corinth, Mississippi. Shortly after the fall of that city, Lee commanded the 2nd Brigade in the Cavalry Division of the Army of the Mississippi and participated in the battle of Corinth. On November 29, 1862 he received a promotion to brigadier general in the Volunteer Army. He continued leading cavalry brigades in the Army of the Tennessee before he was appointed Chief-of-Staff to the XIII Corps under Maj. Gen. John A. McClernand. Lee served as chief-of-staff through much of the Vicksburg campaign, serving at the battles of Port Gibson, Champion Hill and Big Black River. During the fighting at the Big Black River, Peter J. Osterhaus was wounded and Lee was chosen to take his place in command of the 9th Division, XIII Corps. Lee's first infantry command was short lived as Osterhaus was able to resume command the following day. However, the commander of the 9th Division's 1st Brigade, Theophilus T. Garrard, went on sick leave the same day and Lee assumed command his brigade just in time to lead it into action during the May 19 assault on Vicksburg. During the assault Lee was wounded in the head and turned over command of the brigade. He sat out the rest of the siege recovering from wounds until late in the summer when he returned to division command in the XIII Corps. In August 1864 he was placed in command of the Cavalry Division of the Department of the Gulf. He led the cavalry forces during Nathaniel P. Banks' Red River Campaign. In the last month of the war, he led a raid against Clinton near Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and defeated a weak Confederate force there. 
Lee resigned from the army on May 4, 1865. After his resignation, Lee became an editor for a New Orleans newspaper. He then became a banker, and did business in New York. He stayed involved in the Republican Party, throughout his life. He died in New York City, on December 31, 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20125845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125845" title="San Buenaventura Municipality, Coahuila">
San Buenaventura Municipality, Coahuila

San Buenaventura is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Buenaventura. The municipality covers an area of 3527.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 19,620. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125852" title="Marianne Csaky">
Marianne Csaky

Marianne Csaky (born in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian writer and sculptor. Trained in arts as well as ethnography and philosophy, she started to exhibit her work in Budapest in 1989. Since the very start of her career Csáky has been known for her non-mainstream forms of expression, her unconventional and provocative images. She regularly publishes poems, essays and translations.
Biography.
A native of Hungary, Marianne Csaky currently lives and works in Budapest and Brussels, and has spent longer periods of time in Seoul, Korea, the USA, France and Germany as a resident artist.
Works.
Marianne Csaky works with various media: photo, painting, sculpture, embroidery, video and installation. In her juvenile works she exclusively used leather for her sculptures and 3D objects. 
In her early works - sculptures made out of pieces of waste wood and plaster - language, desire, subjectivity and the androgynous nature of soul and mind were in the focus of her interest ("Aphrodite Urania", 1995," Feast", 1990). In this period of her career she was influenced by the works of ancient Greek philosophers, first of all Plato's Symposium.
In these works she started to use the love scene, a depiction of sexual intercourse as a visual metaphor or rather metonymy of human subjectivity and the language of desire ("Aphrodite Urania", "Hands and Soles", 1995, "Slanting Space", 1997).
Csáky has also created complex spatial constructions which modelled the shifting, alterable and unstable nature of our views, beliefs, judgements and first of all the unstable nature of our identity ("Slanting Space"). For instance, in 1997, she built a new slanting floor in Gallery 56, thereby using bodily instabilization for intellectual deconstruction. Chopping boards with carvings of scenes of sexual intercourse hung from the ceiling of the gallery, swinging and turning gently with the slightest movements of the air. 
From 2000, her interest turned toward personal and small community history. These series of works ("My Skin"s 2005," Time Leap" 2007-8) are the appropriation of her family past, an experiment with the nature of memory and post memory work. In "My Skins," a series of leather curtains and leather wall carpets with embossing and pencil drawing, she used swine leather again, referring to childhood memory. After the 56 revolution in Hungary Csáky's grandfather was compelled to live in a self-maintaining farm where he also produced animal hides. The pencil drawings on the leather are based on old family photographs from the artist’s childhood.
The "Time Leap" series ("Light Boxes", 2007-8, "Stitched Photos", 2008 ) represent a complex construction of different layers of time and subjectivity. It is the documentation of the artist’s efforts to displace records, deconstruct documents preserving personal memories, to rewrite the past, and, by doing so, change the present.
In the case of "Light Boxes" the artist took colour shots of herself, and from the colour negatives she inserted her figure into old black-and-white negatives depicting her as a child. As a result, she appears twice in each of these negatives, in two different ages, then and now. She constructed an installation for these film negatives by making a wire frame and placing a mirror behind each negative at a 45-degree angle. This mirror reflects the light from a light-bulb fixed to the wall above the frame, and illuminates the scenes from behind, making the negative images visible.
The second group of works in the "Time Leap" series ("Stitched Photos – Video Stills", 2008) are images depicting a lonely female figure (the artist) in a solitary state of sexual desire, situated in positions of love acts without the object of this desire appearing in the images. This is again an intervention in the past – or rather, an intervention of the past in the present. The still images are taken from video recordings taken by the artist, while the silk figures sewn on the images are from the same series of old family photos as the ones appearing in the light boxes. While the light boxes rewrite the past by placing the artist’s present self in those images, in this series the opposite occurs: figures from family history appear in her present. 
"Madonna" (2008) and "Queen" (2008) in "Time Leap – Stitched Photo"s series also based on old negatives from the family collection depicting prearranged dressed up scenes. The “as if” perspective of family photos is also in the focus of Csaky’s interest, the way people's actions and people themselves are arranged, made to pose and the way they use the images of the nature. She claims that family photos, in this sense, are depictions, explicit manifestations of desires for things that are not there or are not the way they should be. However artificial the image of the desires and feelings appearing in family photos might be, it is, in fact, real.

</doc>
<doc id="20125871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125871" title="1992 Italian Open – Men's Singles">
1992 Italian Open – Men's Singles

Emilio Sánchez was the defending champion, but lost in the third round this year.
Jim Courier won the title, defeating Carlos Costa 7–6(7–3), 6–0, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20125873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125873" title="And You Thought Your Parents Were Weird">
And You Thought Your Parents Were Weird

And You Thought Your Parents Were Weird is a 1991 science-fiction family film written and directed by Tony Cookson; foreign language releases were titled RoboDad.
Plot.
Two boys, Joshua (Joshua Miller) and Max (Edan Gross) attempt to invent a fully mobile robot with advanced artificial intelligence to help their mother (Marcia Strassman) with household chores. However, after a playfully performed séance on Halloween, the ghost of their late father (Alan Thicke) possesses the robot. The boys are overjoyed at the return of their father, but it soon becomes apparent that the people who stole their father's work are after their robot, Newman. Eventually their father returns to the afterlife after setting his boys on the right path as they sell the plans for their robot to a rich Texan investor.

</doc>
<doc id="20125874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125874" title="Khaled al-Hassan">
Khaled al-Hassan

Khaled al-Hassan also known as Abu Said (1928-1994) was an early adviser of Yasser Arafat, PLO leader and a founder of the Palestinian political and militant organization Fatah. Khaled was the older brother of Hani al-Hassan.
Early life.
Al-Hassan was born in Haifa in 1928. He and his family lived there until they were exiled as refugees after Israel's capture of the city in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, which he participated in on the side of Palestinian Arab forces. His family settled in Sidon, Lebanon, but he left for Egypt. He was briefly detained in Egypt "just for being Palestinian" according to him. After being released, he reunited with his family in Lebanon where he lived briefly. 
In 1949 he formed the short-lasing commando group Tahrir Filastin. A year later he moved to Syria. During this time, al-Hassan worked as a teacher in Damascus and he helped found the Islamic Liberation Party in 1952. Syrian authorities threatened to arrest him that year for attempting to set up another Palestinian commando group, but he left to Kuwait. There, he worked as a civil servant, typist, and later as Secretary-General of the Municipal Council Board in the country until 1967. He was awarded Kuwaiti citizenship in the mid-1950s.
Fatah and PLO activism.
Al-Hassan was one of the original founders of Fatah and in Kuwait, he managed to establish a network of Palestinian activists. In 1962, al-Hassan, Yasser Arafat, Khalil al-Wazir and Salah Khalaf established a magazine called "Filastuna, Nida' al-Hayat" ("Palestine, Our Call to Life"). According to al-Hassan, the "Kuwaiti Fatah group" was known before the Fatah groups in Europe, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Gaza and Iraq because of the magazine which was based in Tripoli, Lebanon. Fatah had formed a Central Committee which became the main body of the movement and of the ten members, Hassan was one of them. 
In 1968, al-Hassan was elected to the Palestine Liberation Organization Executive Committee (PLO-EC) after Fatah took control of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in 1968. Early that year, al-Hassan persuaded Saudi King Faisal to enforce the "liberation tax" which required Palestinians in that country to pay a percentage of their income to the PLO. This, in turn, supplied the PLO with 60 million riyal yearly. Also, in that year, he spoke to the Egyptian Foreign Minister Mahmoud Riyad and Mohammad Hassanein Heykal on behalf of Gamal Abdel Nasser in order to familiarize him with Fatah and its armed branch al-Assifa. 
From 1973, until his death, al-Hassan was chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee of the Palestinian National Council and was thus considered the first "foreign minister of the PLO". After the Yom Kippur War in 1973, he argued that the "Palestinian struggle" could continue with a state in the Palestinian territories occupied by Israel and he wrote up an unofficial five-point proposal in April-May 1980, advocating Israel’s withdrawal from the territories, the deployment of United Nations forces, and work on arrangements for the creation of a Palestinian state in the territories.
Later life and death.
Al-Hassan called election of a Palestinian provisional government capable of ending the PLO’s isolation after the First Intifada in 1991. He settled in Rabat, Morocco that year after being expelled, along with hundreds of thousands of other Palestinians, from Kuwait during the Gulf War, in which the PLO aligned itself with Saddam Hussein's Iraq. 
Al-Hassan authored "Grasping the Nettle of Peace" in 1992, advocating a Swiss-style confederation in which citizens from Israel, the Palestinian territories and Jordan would vote according to their canton, hence no recognition of the Arab land captured by Israel in 1948. He opposed the way Arafat and PLO officials handled the Oslo Agreements. 
Al-Hassan suffered from cancer since 1991 and died from it on October 8, 1994 at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="20125899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125899" title="San Juan de Sabinas Municipality">
San Juan de Sabinas Municipality

San Juan de Sabinas is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Nueva Rosita. The municipality covers an area of 735.4 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 40,115. 
In 1908, it was the scene of the Mina Rosita Vieja disaster, the worst disaster in Mexico's coal mining history.

</doc>
<doc id="20125921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125921" title="Ignacio Carlos González">
Ignacio Carlos González

Ignacio 'Nacho' Carlos González Cavallo (born 17 December 1971) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
Born in Sarandí, Greater Buenos Aires, González started his professional career in 1991 with Racing Club de Avellaneda, where he played 133 top division games. Towards the end of his time with the club, he gained a reputation as an excellent penalty taker.
In 1997 González joined Newell's Old Boys of Rosario and, the following year, moved to Spain's UD Las Palmas. After being backup in his first season, spent in the second level, and serving a loan in Mexico with C.F. Pachuca (being part of the squad that won the "Invierno 1999" tournament), he became the starter, scoring four goals in the 2001–02 campaign but with the Canary Islands outfit being relegated from La Liga, with the keeper finding the net through penalties.
In 2003 González returned to Argentina where he played for Estudiantes de La Plata and Club Atlético Nueva Chicago, also in the top flight. Two years later he was part of the Unión Española team that won the "Chilean Apertura" in 2005 and, the following season, played six matches with local side Arsenal de Sarandí.
During a 2005 match for Unión Española against Unión San Felipe, González received his second yellow card and was consequently ejected by Enrique Osses. Upset by this, he hit the referee in the face knocking him over, and afterwards was held in police custody for two hours; he faced a ban of up to 50 matches, which he did not serve because he left his team to play in Argentina.
González returned for a third spell with Las Palmas, managing to compete a further two seasons in division two and announcing his retirement in June 2008, at the age of 36. During a one-year span he appeared four times for Argentina, being picked for the final squad at the 1997 Copa América.

</doc>
<doc id="20125922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125922" title="San Pedro Municipality, Coahuila">
San Pedro Municipality, Coahuila

San Pedro is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Pedro. The municipality covers an area of 9942.4 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 93,677. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125928" title="2007 Ukrainian Football Amateur League">
2007 Ukrainian Football Amateur League

Following are the results of the Ukrainian Football Amateur League 2007 season. Participation is restricted to the regional (Oblast) champions and/or the most regarded team by the respective regional association. 
This season competition consisted of three stages. The first stage was organized in regional principal and was played in two rounds where each team could play another at its home ground. The second stage was played in three different places to identify the best six (Luzhany, Plysky, and Illichivsk). The games where organized in one round. The two best out of each group advance to the semifinals where teams were split into two groups. The semifinals and the final were played in Illichivsk. The winners of groups advance to the finals and runners-up match up in the game for the third place.
Second stage.
Group 2.
FC Yednist-2 Plysky - FC Lokomotyv Kupyansk 2:0
All participants of the group advanced farther.
Final.
The game took place in Illichivsk, Odessa Oblast. September 29, 2007.
Bastion Illichivsk - Yednist-2 Plysky 4:0 (1:0)

</doc>
<doc id="20125935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125935" title="Tappan tribe">
Tappan tribe

The Tappan were a Lenape people who inhabited the region radiating from Hudson Palisades and New York – New Jersey Highlands in at the time of European colonialization in the 17th century.
The name is likely a derivation of a word or phrase from the Algonquian language Lenape as used by settlers to New Netherland, who spelled it as Tappaen. Vriessendael, one of the first "bouweries", or homesteads, built in the territory was sometimes called Tappan.
It is not certain what the Tappan called themselves, but there are a variety of interpretations for the word. One suggestion is that it possibly comes from "tuphanne" meaning "cold water" It related to contemporary "petapan" meaning "dawn" or "petapaniui" meaning "at the break of dawn", and relates to their kin across the river, the Wappinger, whose name is derived from the Algonquian "people of the east" or "easterners". (Contemporary: "Wapaneu" meaning "easterly" and "Wapanke" meaning "to-morrow.")
The Tappan were a seasonally migrational people, who farmed (companion planting), hunted, fished, and trapped. Like the other natives who circulated in the region and whose territory overlapped, the Hackensack, Acquackanonk and Rumachenanck (later called the Haverstraw). The Tappan were of the Turtle Clan and spoke the Unami dialect of Lenape. The Tappan and the Hackensack actually were but one tribe and members of it were called either by one name or another according to their dwelling place. They, as well as the Raritan, Wappinger, Manhattan, were collectively known as the River Indians. Those groups living in the adjoining highlands to the west and north have become known as the Munsee.
Contact with the European settlers was at first as trading partners. It is from them that David de Vries purchased the land (1640) to build the homestead at Vriessendael (Edgewater) and, who living among them, became an advocate of learning more about indigenous culture. It was an early Director of New Netherland, William Kieft, who attempted to exact tribute from them (but was ignored), and later allowed a number of them to be slaughtered after they had sought safety at Pavonia (1643), beginning a Kieft's War.
The Tappan are recalled throughout their former territory: Lake Tappan is a reservoir on the Hackensack River; the Tappan Zee, widening of the Hudson River and the bridge crossing it; Old Tappan in Bergen County; Tappan in Rockland County. 
Some descendents of the Tappan may have become part of the Ramapough Mountain Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="20125941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125941" title="List of basketball clubs in Bulgaria">
List of basketball clubs in Bulgaria

List of basketball clubs in Bulgaria sorted by division:

</doc>
<doc id="20125944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125944" title="Sierra Mojada Municipality">
Sierra Mojada Municipality

Sierra Mojada is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Sierra Mojada. The municipality covers an area of 6966.2 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,245. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125948" title="Bipana Thapa">
Bipana Thapa

Bipana Thapa is a leading Nepali Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20125952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125952" title="Rothenberg (disambiguation)">
Rothenberg (disambiguation)

Rothenberg is a community in the Odenwaldkreis district in Hesse, Germany.
Rothenberg may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20125959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125959" title="The Naked Brothers Band (album)">
The Naked Brothers Band (album)

The Naked Brothers Band is a soundtrack album by The Naked Brothers Band for Season 1 of The Naked Brothers Band television series. The album was also released as a deluxe fanpack that includes a poster, lyrics & 2 bonus tracks.
Background.
Development.
Nickelodeon saw "" at the Hamptons International Film Festival, in late 2005. They picked the show up in 2006. Polly Draper asked her boys to record all the music for the series as an album.
Writing.
After being asked to record an album, the brothers began writing several songs for the show. The songs had a pop style, directed more for younger viewers. Alex was only able to write two songs for the series, due to being 8 at the time.
Release.
The band released the album on October 7, 2007. The album debuted at #23 on the Billboard 200.
International release.
The album was released internationally, unlike their following album "I Don't Want to Go to School". The album was released in England, Australia, Canada, Brazil & New Zealand.
Follow-up.
Due to the Success of the first season of the show, it was commissioned for a second season. Season 2 aired in 2008 and an album was released which featured the music, "I Don't Want to Go to School". The album was released in the U.S. alone on April 15, 2008.
Critical reception.
The album received generally mixed reviews, Allmusic gave the album a 3 star rating while other sites said the album was aimed at younger children, due to its bubblegum pop style and catchy lyrics. Sony Music gave the album a favourable 4 star rating, calling it great for kids, but not aimed at adults.

</doc>
<doc id="20125970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125970" title="Shahalia">
Shahalia

Shahalia (sometimes also Shalia, Shahlia) is a last name that is now primarily found in the erstwhile unified Punjab (British India) region of northern India presently known as Himachal Pradesh and in some parts of Jammu and Kashmir. People with this last name have generally taken to farming after Indian Independence and related economic activity. Some have moved to metropolitan cities after attaining higher education. 
History and Founding.
They are said to have originated from ancient Aryan warrior tribes. They were primarily archers and swordsmen on foot, with certain clans mastering mounted warfare. They are snake, fire and sun worshipers. However, this does not prevent them from honoring local Gods and Deities including Sufi dargahs. They are historically a people owing no allegiance to any social order, community or kingdom. Their rogue nature has earned them a repute for being honorable, upright, fearless, stubborn, difficult and truthful. The surname Shahalia relates back to these people's place of origin, namely "Shal", somewhere towards the west of the Indian subcontinent that is currently untraceable owing to antiquity and also due to poor recording of history among the Shahalias due to their flux from place to place, frequent warring and conflict and thus their knowledge system being primarily dependent on "smriti" (memory) rather than written text.
Social Order.
Members under this last name are categorized by some under the Kshatriya caste in the Indian caste system. However there is no proof of their ever having been rulers of a kingdom or region. 
Distribution.
The majority of people with the surname Shahalia reside in Himachal Pradesh and some in Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab, India, apart from cities such as Delhi, Mumbai, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20125976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125976" title="Torreón Municipality">
Torreón Municipality

Torreón is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Torreón. The municipality covers an area of 1947.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 577,477. 

</doc>
<doc id="20125978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125978" title="Sir Hugh Underhill">
Sir Hugh Underhill

Sir Hugh Underhill (1518–1591) served as Keeper of the Wardrobe under Queen Elizabeth I and was highly regarded among members of the Royal Household.
Biography.
Early life.
Sir Hugh Underhill was born the son of Thomas Underhill (1485–1520) and Anne Wynter (1485–1545) about 1518 in Hunningham, Warwickshire, England. In 1540 he married a daughter of Thomas Maynman, the Keeper of the Wardrobe. They had a son, Thomas Underhill, who was born 1545 at Greenwich, London, England
In 1572, Sir Hugh Underhill married his second wife, Katherine Manning, in Downe, Kent, England. Their son George Underhill (1573–1625) was born in 1573 at Warwickshire, England.
Hugh Underhill Under Queen Elizabeth I.
Hugh Underhill was appointed by Queen Elizabeth the Keeper of the Wardrobe at the King's Manor at Greenwich on 6 Feb 1563. He was later elevated to be responsible for the Wardrobe of Beds. 
The Queen held Hugh in high regard. The royal warrant appointing him to the wardrobe job read:
"In consideration of the true and faithful service heretofore done unto us by our well beloved servant Hugh Underhill, one of the officers of our wardrobe of beds, we have given and by these presents grant unto Hugh Underhill the office of keeper of our wardrobe within our manor of Greenwich."
This position was one of the highest, maintaining the countless hangings of tapestry, the Cloths of State, the great carpets, and all upholstering of chairs, stools, curtains, and bedsteads. In 1590 he and his wife were granted lifetime appointments by the Queen as Keeper of the Garden in the manor of East Greenwich, as here "Well beloved subjects." 
Hugh Underhill died 1593 in Greenwich, Kent, England, at the age of 75 leaving a will dated January 1, 1593.
Famous Descendants.
Thomas Underhill (1545–1591), son of Hugh Underhill, served as Keeper of the Wardrobe of Kenilworth Castle and had charge of its contents after the castle was given by Queen Elizabeth I to her favourite Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester in 1563.
Sir John Underhill (1574–1608), grandson of Hugh Underhill and son of Thomas Underhill, despite being born in England would be among Puritan exiles who left for Bergen op Zoom, The Netherlands, where he died and was buried.
Captain John Underhill, great-grandson of Hugh Underhill, would emigrate from England to The Netherlands with his family, and then from The Netherlands to the Massachusetts Bay Colony where he became a leading figure in Colonial America.
Myron Charles Taylor, America's leading industrialist, and a key diplmatic figure at the hub of many of the most important geopolitical events before, during, and after World War II. Also eighth generation descended from Captain John Underhill.
Amelia Earhart, American aviation pioneer and author famous for her mysterious disappearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20125999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20125999" title="Southern Nights/Basic">
Southern Nights/Basic

Southern Nights/Basic covers the complete Southern Nights and Basic albums and adds three bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20126005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126005" title="List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in Downtown Los Angeles">
List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in Downtown Los Angeles

There are more than 120 Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments (HCMs) in the Downtown Los Angeles area. These include the Old Plaza Historic District, Little Tokyo, Chinatown, the Broadway Theater District, the Spring Street Financial District, and the Fashion District.

</doc>
<doc id="20126040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126040" title="List of Cambodian songs">
List of Cambodian songs

Only the songs with accurate information, in terms of year of release and artist, are listed. Also, the list mainly consists of Pre-Khmer Rouge songs. Sin Sisamouth sang more than 2,000 songs from the 1950s up until 1975 and only a portion of his work is listed. In addition, only originals are listed; no remakes or covers are listed. There are hundreds of other songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s (decade) but records are inaccurate.

</doc>
<doc id="20126057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126057" title="Selat Panjang">
Selat Panjang

Selat Panjang () is the capital of Kepulauan Meranti Regency, which is part of the province of Riau in Indonesia. The regency is a new regency in Riau province which was established in 2009 and it has been separated from Bengkalis Regency. Tebing Tinggi island is separated by a narrow channel from Sumatra, and is west of Singapore across the Strait of Malacca.
People.
Selat Panjang has a dense population of about 100,000. The largest ethnic group is Malay, almost all Islamic in belief, but 40% of the population are ethnic Chinese. There are also smaller ethnic groups such as Tamils. Although relationships are generally harmonious, in February 2001 the Chinese were the target of a riot triggered by a gambling dispute.
Thus, nowadays many Chinese Indonesians that are originally from Selatpanjang have moved to other regions in order to make a better living with the prominent place like Pekanbaru, Batam, Bengkalis and Tanjung Balai Karimun have been their new place of living. Nevertheless, every Chinese New Year in Selatpanjang, it still can be seen that many people that are originally come from Selatpanjang still return to their original hometown in order to celebrate the Chinese New Year although they have lived in other regions or cities for decades.
Language.
Bahasa Indonesia is primarily spoken by people in Selatpanjang. Beside that, "Riau Malay" is used as a lingua franca while the local Chinese population speaks a form of Hokkien language known as "Riau Hokkien". This form of Hokkien is very similar to Singaporean Hokkien and Southern Malaysian Hokkien in terms of accent as well as lexicon. "Riau Hokkien" is spoken in the middle and southern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra and is very different from Medan Hokkien which is used in the northern part of the Sumatra island.
Climate & Environment.
Located near to the equator, temperatures vary little during the year, typically with a high of 90° and low of 74° in each month. Rainfall ranges from under in February to in September, totalling about per year. The land is flat. At one time it was entirely covered by peat swamps and dense forest, but it is rapidly being cleared for pulpwood and palm oil plantations. Mudskippers thrive in the tidal flats. Lake Nambus is about 30 minutes by road from the port of Selat Panjang, near Tanjung Village, surrounded by protected forest. During the month of Safar local people swim in the lake.
History of the City.
The city of Selat Panjang is the administrative seat of the Meranti Islands Regency. It used to be one of the city(Bandar) are the most busy and popular trade in the Sultanate of Siak. since the first Bandar has formed a heterogeneous society, especially the Malays and Chinese, because they are the role of inter- formed closely in harmony cultural activities and trade. All this is inseparable tolerance inter-fraternity. It is this factor which then fosters trade and traffic as well as human goods from China to the archipelago and vice versa.
Selat Panjang and the surrounding area was formerly a territory of the Sultanate of Siak Sri Indrapura which is one of the largest empire in Riau during the reign of Sultan Siak VII of Sultan Sharif Ali Abdul Jalil Assyaidis Syaifuddin Baalawi (who reigned in 1784-1810), usually called Sultan Sharif Ali, gave command to the Commander of Tengku Muda Good Saiyid Thoha to establish the State or the dealer at the High Cliff Island. In addition to interest on the island as well as the Sultan Sharif Ali Abdul Jalil Assyaidis Syaifuddin Baalawi himself had to stop in the area, the main purpose of Sultan Sharif Ali wanted to gather forces against the kingdom of Sambas (West Kalimantan), which indicated allied with the Dutch, who had betrayed the agreement faithfully and steal the crown Siak kingdom. Country or Bandar as it will spearhead the third defense after the Bukit Batu and Merbau"to confront the invaders and pirates.
Then move the fleet under the Command of Commander in Chief Tengku Muda Saiyid Thoha at the beginning of Muharram in 1805 AD Kingdom of Siak accompanied by some authorities, hundreds of soldiers and Balang upstream toward the island of High Cliff. They arrived at the cliff Forest Alai (now the Capital District of West Tebingtinggi). Commander immediately stabbing keris greets Alai.Ground Alai Land did not answer, he scooped up a handful of land, was hot. He took it off, "According to all the knowledge den, the soil is not good Alai made a country because of land Forest land Alai is a male, could develop into a new country in a period of time," said the commander in front of a magnifying Siak and his men.
Commander of the departed along the coast of this island. Then, it looks a high cliff. "This is the hell is meant by the father of Sultan Sharif Ali," he thought. Fleet docked to Cliff High Land coincide date April 7, 1805 AD. At age was 25 years, with say bismillah Commander soared into the high ground while greeting. "Alha-mdulillah high ground is answering greetings den," he said. Land on take it, feels cool and comfortable. He plugs in dagger on the ground (roughly its current location near the office complex Selatpanjang Customs). As I said, "Hear ye the land by the Forest High Cliff is a very well established a country. This country will develop safe and prosperous when leaders and citizens fairly and work hard and obey the laws of God. "
Commander was standing in front of all the royal princes, soldiers, upstream Balang, and inner-inner around the island. "Den Bagus Saiyid Thoha named Tengku Panglima Besar Muda Siak Sri Indrapura. Kris den is named Lightning Open Sunscreen Natural State. That this figure den den Affairs Makmur Kencana Bandar called the High Cliff. "Origin of the town's name Selatpanjang.
After the cutting of forests, open areas of power, stood the palace of the great commander. In 1810 AD Sultan Sharif Ali Muda Tengku Panglima Besar Saiyid Thoha as ruler of the island. At that time, east of the country bordering the River Suir and the west is bordered by the River Perumbi, as the development time is increasingly crowded airports and grow as a commercial port in the empire siak.
Bustling trade interaction of coastal areas of Riau's the reason for the Dutch East Indies government participated in the determination of the name of this country. History was recorded during the 11th Sultan of Siak Sultan Hashim Abdul Jalil Assayaidis Syarief Syaifuddin. In 1880, the government in the High Cliff State Makmur Kencana dominated by JM Tengkoe Soelong Tjantik Saijet Alwi who holds a Master Tomonggong Marhum Tail (Head of State who is responsible to the Sultan of Siak). During his reign at this airport there was a polemic with the Dutch Colonial Government is Konteliur Van Huis about changing the name of this country, in the Dutch colonial government unilaterally changed the area into Selatpanjang, but not approved by JM Tengkoe Soelong Tjantik Saijet Alwi as local stakeholders. Finally, based on mutual agreement on September 4, 1899, High Cliff State Kencana Makmur Airport turns into State Tebingtinggi Selatpanjang.JM Tengkoe Soelong Tjantik Saijet Alwi died in 1908. Over time the beginning of the Government of the Republic of Indonesia, selatpanjang city and surrounding area is under Bengkalis Regency Kewedanan which then changed status to Tebingtinggi.Pada District dated December 19, 2008, selatpanjang and surrounding area was turned into Meranti Islands Regency split away from the Bengkalis Regency with capital Selatpanjang
Economy.
The town's main activities are fishing, agriculture, timber and retail. Selat Panjang has a small port with limited capacity. Electricity supply is not yet optimal. The people of the area are largely dependent on water transport, still often using dugouts to get around. However, both oil and natural gas have been found in Tebing Tinggi and the neighboring Padang and Merbau Islands. The TA field is close to Selat Panjang. New sago plantings were started in the region on peat soils in 1989, with US$2 million per year expected to be invested the crop.
Hotels.
Star Hotels in Selat Panjang, among others: 

</doc>
<doc id="20126058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126058" title="Albrecht Dieterich">
Albrecht Dieterich

Albrecht Dieterich (May 2, 1866 – May 6, 1908) was a German classical philologist and religious scholar born in Hersfeld.
Academic background.
He studied at the Universities of Leipzig and Bonn, where at the latter he was a student of Hermann Usener (1834-1905), who in 1899 became Dieterich's father-in-law. In 1888 he earned his doctorate, and three years later received his habilitation in Marburg with a dissertation on Orphism. Afterwards he traveled to Italy and Greece for research purposes.
In 1895 he returned to Marburg as an associate professor, and two years later succeeded Eduard Schwartz (1858-1940) as chair of classical philology at the University of Giessen. In 1903 he was a full professor at the University of Heidelberg.
Works.
Much of Dieterich's work involved research of traditional beliefs, mythology and religion of the Greco-Roman world. He was the author of an influential work titled "Abraxas: Studien zur Religionsgeschichte des spätern Altertums", a study based on a magical papyri that was housed at the Leyden Museum. In 1903 he published "Eine Mithrasliturgie", in which he proposes that lines 475 – 834 of the Paris Magical Papyrus contained the official liturgy of the Mithras Cult. His theory was met with skepticism and criticized by several scholars in regards to the Mithraic origin of the liturgy. Other significant works by Dieterich include:

</doc>
<doc id="20126062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126062" title="Optical phase space">
Optical phase space

In quantum optics, an optical phase space is a phase space in which all quantum states of an optical system are described. Each point in the optical phase space corresponds to a unique state of an "optical system". For any such system, a plot of the "quadratures" against each other, possibly as functions of time, is called a phase diagram. If the quadratures are functions of time then the optical phase diagram can show the evolution of a quantum optical system with time. 
An optical phase diagram can give insight into the properties and behaviors of the system that might otherwise not be obvious. This can allude to qualities of the system that can be of interest to an individual studying an optical system that would be very hard to deduce otherwise. Another use for an optical phase diagram is that it shows the evolution of the state of an optical system. This can be used to determine the state of the optical system at any point in time.
Background information.
When discussing the quantum theory of light, it is very common to use an electromagnetic oscillator as a model. An electromagnetic oscillator describes an oscillation of the electric field. Since the magnetic field is proportional to the rate of change of the electric field, this too oscillates. Such oscillations describe light. Systems composed of such oscillators can be described by an optical phase space. 
Let u(x,t) be a vector function describing a single mode of an electromagnetic oscillator. For simplicitity, it is assumed that this electromagnetic oscillator is in vacuum. An example is the plane wave given by
where u0 is the polarization vector, k is the wave vector, w the frequency, and Aformula_2B denotes the dot product between the vectors A and B. This is the equation for a plane wave and is a simple example of such an electromagnetic oscillator. The oscillators being examined could either be free waves in space or some normal mode contained in some cavity.
A single mode of the electromagnetic oscillator is isolated from the rest of the system and examined. Such an oscillator, when quantized, is described by the mathematics of a quantum harmonic oscillator. Quantum oscillators are described using creation and annihilation operators formula_3 and formula_4. Physical quantities, such as the electric field strength, then become quantum operators.
In order to distinguish a physical quantity from the quantum mechanical operator used to describe it, a "hat" is used over the operator symbols. Thus, for example, where formula_5 might represent (one component of) the electric field, the symbol formula_6 denotes the quantum-mechanical operator that describes formula_5. This convention is used throughout this article, but is not in common use in more advanced texts, which avoid the hat, as it simply clutters the text.
In the quantum oscillator mode, most operators representing physical quantities are typically expressed in terms of the creation and annihilation operators. In this example, the electric field strength is given by:
(where "xi" is a single component of x, position). The Hamiltonian for an electromagnetic oscillator is found by quantizing the electromagnetic field for this oscillator and the formula is given by:
where formula_10 is the frequency of the (spatio-temportal) mode. The annihilation operator is the bosonic annihilation operator and so it obeys the canonical commutation relation given by:
The eigenstates of the annihilation operator are called coherent states:
It is important to note that the annihilation operator is not Hermitian; therefore its eigenvalues formula_13 can be complex. This has important consequences. 
Finally, the photon number is given by the operator formula_14 which gives the number of photons in the given (spatial-temporal) mode u.
Quadratures.
Operators given by 
and
are called the quadratures and they represent the real and imaginary parts of the complex amplitude represented by formula_17. The commutation relation between the two quadratures can easily be calculated:
This looks very similar to the commutation relation of the position and momentum operator. Thus, it can be useful to think of and treat the quadratures as the position and momentum of the oscillator although in fact they are the "in-phase and out-of-phase components of the electric field amplitude of the spatial-temporal mode", or u, and have nothing really to do with the position or momentum of the electromagnetic oscillator (as it is hard to define what is meant by position and momentum for an electromagnetic oscillator).
Properties of quadratures.
The eigenstates of the quadrature operators formula_19 and formula_20 are called the quadrature states. They satisfy the relations:
as these form complete basis sets.
Important result.
The following is an important relation that can be derived from the above which justifies our interpretation that the quadratures are the real and imaginary parts of a complex formula_13 (i.e. the in-phase and out-of-phase components of the electromagnetic oscillator) 
The following is a relationship that can be used to help evaluate the above and is given by:
This gives us that:
Thus, formula_13 is just a composition of the quadratures.
Another very important property of the coherent states becomes very apparent in this formalism. A coherent state is not a point in the optical phase space but rather a distribution on it. This can be seen via 
and 
These are only the expectation values of formula_19 and formula_20 for the state formula_38.
It can be shown that the quadratures obey Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle given by:
This inequality does not necessarily have to be saturated and a common example of such states are squeezed coherent states. The coherent states are Gaussian probability distributions over the phase space localized around formula_13.
Operators on phase space.
It is possible to define operators to move the coherent states around the phase space. These can produce new coherent states and allow us to move around phase space.
Phase-shifting operator.
The phase-shifting operator rotates the coherent state by an angle formula_43 in the optical phase space. This operator is given by:
The important relationship
is derived as follows:
and solving this differential equation yields the desired result.
Thus, using the above it becomes clear that 
or a rotation by an angle theta on the coherent state in phase space. The following illustrates this more clearly:
Thus, 
is the eigenpair of 
From this it is possible to see that
which is another way of expressing the eigenpair which more clearly illustrates the effects of the phase-shifting operator on coherent states.
Displacement operator.
The displacement operator takes a coherent state and moves it (by some value) to another coherent state somewhere in the phase space. The displacement operator is given by:
The relationship
can be derived quite easily.
To do this, take an infinitesimal displacement formula_56.
The operators formula_57 and formula_58 can be expanded in terms of the identity
and look at the first order terms and ignore all the higher order terms (all higher order terms are very close to zero as formula_56 is very small).
Thus:
The above identity can be applied repeatedly in the following fashion to derive the following: 
Thus, the above identity suggests that repeated use of the displacement operator generates translations in phase space.
Important consequence.
The following is an important consequence of the displacement vector.
First note that the displacement operator is a unitary operator. Use 
to get:
Thus,
or it follows that 
which leads to 
This is important as it suggests that all coherent states are just displacements of the ground state, which in optics is also the vacuum state. That is, any coherent state can be generated via the displacement of the ground state of the electromagnetic oscillator from above.

</doc>
<doc id="20126071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126071" title="Lester Goran">
Lester Goran

Lester Goran (May 16, 1928 - February 6, 2014) was an American writer best known for his works about growing up poor in his hometown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the neighborhood of Oakland. 
Life.
Goran was born May 16, 1928. His parents were Jacob and Tillie Goran. Goran was raised in a housing project near the University of Pittsburgh. Although the university was close, Goran grew up among the working class culture of the projects. As many of his works show, he was heavily influenced by the culture of Irish-Americans and the goings on of the local pubs, especially the Irish Club.
Goran attended Fifth Avenue High School and Schenley High School and the University of Pittsburgh for both his B.A. and M.A. which he earned in 1951 and 1961, respectively. Goran also served with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Military Police. Goran married Edythe McDowell. The couple had three children.
Career.
Goran joined the faculty at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida starting in 1960. He became a professor of English in 1974.
Goran's work reflects a great deal about his past and upbringing. In "Tales from the Irish Club: A Collection of Short Stories", Goran portrays the neighborhood of his childhood by presenting it through a series of short stories. Much of his work is influenced by Irish-American culture.
The sequel to "Tales from the Irish Club" was "She Loved Me Once", another collection of short stories. Critics welcomed "She Loved Me Once" as a simple and solid portrayal of Goran's boyhood community.
In his novel, "Bing Crosby's Last Song", Goran explores Pittsburgh through the eyes of his main character Daly Racklin. The novel takes place just before the assassination of John F. Kennedy and chronicles Daly's confrontation with heart problems and the prospect of losing his home. Critics, including Library Journal reviewer Susan Gene Clifford, said that the work was more of a "nostalgic snapshot" as oppose to a true novel. Nevertheless, the book was met with decent acclaim by most critics who praised it for its down-to-earth style.
For other works by Lester Goran, see the Selected Bibliography section below.

</doc>
<doc id="20126086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126086" title="Chanda Ki Doli">
Chanda Ki Doli

Chanda Ki Doli is an Indian pop album sung and directed by Sonu Niigaam, credited on this album simply as "Sonu". The album released on 3 May 2005 after a long gap since his previous album "Yaad" in 2001. It was released in a launch concert at the Ravindra Natya Mandir in Mumbai that was televised by Sony Entertainment Television Asia. The event was hosted by Abhijeet Sawant and Rahul Vaidya, who had recently shot to stardom from the first series of "Indian Idol", which had been judged by Sonu Niigaam among others. The album was officially launched at the hands of Sonu Niigaam's father, Agam Kumar Nigam, a recently successful Indian pop singer. The concert was attended by several greats of the Indian film and music industries, including Jaya Bachchan. 
The album is Sonu Niigaam's first official attempt at music direction. It was produced by Gulshan Kumar of T-Series, continuing a long relationship between the music house and the singer. The lyrics were by Nutash Ali and the album contains special thanks to music director Nutash Ali for his help. The photoshoot for the album was done by Daboo Ratnani, famous Indian photographer. 
The title song and "Rafta Rafta Nazar" were made into videos. There was also a video showcasing a medley of several of the other songs. Sonu Niigaam stars in every video. 
The album brought Sonu Niigaam the MTV Immies Award for Best Pop Album and the Anandolok Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20126184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126184" title="Josh Gray">
Josh Gray

Joshua Ian Gray (born 22 July 1991) is an English footballer who is unattached after being released by Darlington. He plays as a winger.
Gray made his debut for Darlington in an FA Cup first round game with Droylsden on 8 November 2008, as a late substitute. The game finished 0–0. He made his league debut four months later as one of four teenagers among the squad for a 1–0 victory against Notts County at the Darlington Arena, one week after the club entered administration. His first league goal came in April 2010 in a 2–1 League Two victory against Burton Albion at the Pirelli Stadium. On 11 February 2011, Gray joined Blyth Spartans on a month long loan. Gray was released by Darlington in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20126185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126185" title="Monument Peak">
Monument Peak

Monument Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20126231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126231" title="Quartz fiber dosimeter">
Quartz fiber dosimeter

A quartz fiber dosimeter, sometimes called a self indicating pocket dosimeter (SIPD) or self reading pocket dosimeter (SRPD), is a type of radiation dosimeter, a pen-like device that measures the cumulative dose of ionizing radiation received by the device. It is usually clipped to a person's clothing and worn to measure one's actual exposure to radiation.
Use.
As with other types of personal radiation dosimeter, it is worn by workers who are occupationally exposed to radiation, so their employers can keep a record of their exposure, to verify that it is below legally prescribed limits. It works by measuring the decrease in electrostatic charge on a metal conductor in an ionization chamber, due to ionization of the air in the chamber by radiation. It was invented in 1937 by Charles Lauritsen.
The dosimeter must be periodically recharged. It is usually read before it is charged, and the dose is logged, to chart one's exposure. In many organizations, possession of the recharger is limited to health physicists to prevent falsification of exposures. Magnifying lenses (a low-power microscope) and an illumination lens allow one to directly read the dose at any time by aiming the illumination lens at a light source and looking into the device.
The device is mainly sensitive to gamma and x-rays, but it also detects beta radiation above 1 MeV. Neutron sensitive versions have been made. 
Quartz fiber dosimeters are made in different ranges. Peace-time occupational exposure ranges usually measure up to 500 mrem (5 mSv), which exceeds the normal US yearly dose of 360 mrem (3.6 mSv). War-time fallout meters measure up to 500 rem (5 Sv), roughly the lethal dose.
The quartz fiber device is an older dosimeter design. It suffers from these disadvantages:
How it works.
The quartz fiber dosimeter is a rugged form of a device called a Lauritsen electroscope. It consists of a sealed air-filled cylinder called an ionization chamber. Inside it is a metal electrode strip that is attached to a terminal on the end of the pen for recharging. The other end of the electrode has a delicate gold-plated quartz fiber attached to it, which at rest lies parallel to the electrode. The ends of the chamber are transparent and the microscope is focused on the fiber.
During recharging, the charger applies a high DC voltage, usually around 150-200 volts, to the electrode, charging it with electrostatic charge. The quartz fiber, having the same charge, is repelled by the surface of the electrode due to the coulomb force and bends away from the electrode. After charging, the charge remains on the electrode because it is insulated.
When a particle of ionizing radiation passes through the chamber, it collides with molecules of air, knocking electrons off them and creating positively and negatively charged atoms (ions) in the air. The ions of opposite charge are attracted to the electrode and neutralize some of the charge on it. The reduced charge on the electrode reduces the force on the fiber, causing it to move back toward the electrode. The position of the fiber can be read through the microscope. Behind the fiber is a scale graduated in units of radiation, with the zero point at the position of the fiber when it is fully charged. 
Since each radiation particle allows a certain amount of charge to leak off the electrode, the position of the fiber at any time represents the cumulative radiation that has passed through the chamber since the last recharge. Recharging restores the charge that was lost and returns the fiber to its original deflected position.
The charger is a small box, usually powered by a battery. It contains an electronic circuit that steps the battery voltage up to the high voltage needed for charging. The box has a fixture that requires one to press the end of the dosimeter on the charging electrode. Some chargers include a light to illuminate the measurement electrode, so that measurement, logging and recharging can occur with one routine motion.
Units with larger ranges are made by adding a capacitor attached between the electrode and the case. The capacitor stores a larger amount of charge on the device for a given voltage on the electrode. Since each radiation particle allows a fixed amount of charge to escape, a larger number of radiation particles is required to move the fiber a given amount.
Pocket ionization chamber.
A version of the above dosimeter without the self-reading capabilities, called a "pocket ionization chamber" or just "pocket chamber", was widely used in World War II and postwar government and military projects, particularly the Manhattan project. This consisted of a simple ionization chamber with an electrode running down the center, but no electroscope for reading. Instead the exposure was read by plugging the device into a separate precision electrometer/charger, which measured the decline in charge on the electrode and displayed it on a meter, before recharging the electrode. These had the advantage that they were simpler, more rugged, and cheaper than the electrometer type, but the disadvantage (considered desirable in some military applications) that the exposure couldn't be read by the wearer without the electrometer/charger. They are no longer used.
Rate meter.
A similar device, used with the same charger, is a "rate meter". This is an inexpensive method for civil defense persons to measure radiation rates. One measures the rate of change of the rate meter for a timed exposure after charging the rate meter. Usually one measures heavy fallout of a thirty-second period, and light fallout over a ten-minute period. The rate meter has two internal scales that read the radiation flux directly in rems for each period.

</doc>
<doc id="20126254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126254" title="Piquet Racing">
Piquet Racing

Piquet Racing was a short-lived British Formula 3000 racing team set up in 1992 by Brazilian Formula One world champion Nelson Piquet and Nigel Stepney.
The team entered a single car for Olivier Beretta, a young Monegasque friend of Piquet, in the 1992 Formula 3000 season. The season was without much success, though, as Beretta failed to score any points, and third on the grid at the Spa-Francorchamps round was the highlight of the season. The team did not return for 1993, as Beretta had moved to Formula One as a pay driver.

</doc>
<doc id="20126267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126267" title="The Blackouts">
The Blackouts

The Blackouts were a punk rock band formed in Seattle in 1979 by singer/guitarist Erich Werner, bassist Mike Davidson, and drummer William Rieflin, who were all former members of a local punk band, The Telepaths. They were joined by Roland Barker, first on synthesizer and later on saxophone.
Following a single and EP on small local labels, Davidson was replaced by Roland's brother Paul Barker in 1981. This line-up recorded the "Exchange of Goods" single for English label Situation Two, and relocated to Boston in 1982. There they met Al Jourgensen of Ministry, who produced their last recording, the "Lost Soul's Club" EP for Wax Trax! Records.
The band relocated a second time, to San Francisco in 1984, and toured the East Coast with Ministry that year before breaking up. Jourgensen recruited Paul and Roland Barker and Rieflin to the line-up of Ministry, playing a major part in the transformation of Ministry from a synth-driven dance band to one of the top exponents of industrial metal. This started a long collaboration between Paul Barker and Jourgensen in Ministry, Revolting Cocks, Lard, and other projects. Rieflin released a solo album in 1999, "Birth of a Giant", worked with KMFDM, Pigface, Ruby, Peter Murphy, and Nine Inch Nails, and was the studio and touring drummer for R.E.M.. Erich Werner went on to join the Toiling Midgets.
In 2004, Olympia's K Records released "History in Reverse", compiling the band's studio recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20126275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126275" title="Seibu Seibu-en Line">
Seibu Seibu-en Line

The is a Japanese commuter railway line operated by the Seibu Railway, a major private railroad in Tokyo. The single-track line connects Higashi-Murayama Station and Seibuen Station, both located in Higashimurayama, Tokyo.
History.
The line opened on 5 April 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20126289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126289" title="Early life of William Wordsworth">
Early life of William Wordsworth

William Wordsworth (7 April 1770 – 23 April 1850) was an English Romantic poet who, with Samuel Taylor Coleridge, helped launch the Romantic Age in English literature with their 1798 joint publication, "Lyrical Ballads". His early years were dominated by his experience of the countryside around the Lake District and the English moors. Dorothy Wordsworth, his sister, served as his early companion until their mother's death and their separation when he was sent to school.
Parents.
Wordsworth's parents were John Wordsworth, a legal agent for James Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale and Collector of Customs at Whitehaven, and his wife, Ann Cookson. John was the son of Richard Wordsworth, a land owner who served as a legal agent to the Lowther family.
Like his father, John became a legal agent for James Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale and was made Bailiff and Recorder for Cockermouth and Coroner for the Seigniory of Millon.
Ann was the daughter of William Cookson, a linen-draper, and Dorothy Crackanthorpe, daughter of a gentry family in Westmorland. They lived above Cookson's shop in Penrith, Cumbria. Ann's brother, Christopher "Kit" Crackanthorpe Cookson (later, Christopher Crackanthorpe) inherited the family estate of Newbiggin Hall.
John, at the age of 25, married Ann, 18, in 1766, and he used his connections with the Lowther family to move into a large mansion in the small town of Cockermouth, Cumbria, in the Lake District. John owned many properties, in Cockermouth and Ravenglass, and he inherited a property at Sockbridge, which was originally purchased by his father and given to John after his older brother, Richard, was disinherited by their father. However, the brother's relationship was not strained by this decision, and Richard would become guardian to John's children after his death.
Childhood.
Wordsworth was born on 7 April 1770 in Cockermouth, the second of five children. His sister, the poet and diarist Dorothy, to whom he was close all his life, was born the following year, and the two were baptised together. They had three other siblings: Richard, the eldest who became a lawyer; John, born after Dorothy, who would become a poet and enjoy nature with William and Dorothy until he died in an 1805 shipwreck; and Christopher, the youngest, who would become a scholar and eventually Master of Trinity College, Cambridge. Although he lived at his father's mansion, Wordsworth, as with his siblings, had little involvement with their father, and they would be distant with him until his death in 1783.
Wordsworth's father, although rarely present, did teach him poetry, including that of Milton, Shakespeare, and Spenser, in addition to allowing his son to rely on his father's library. In addition to spending his time reading in Cockermouth, he would stay at his mother's parents home in Penrith, for extended periods of time, which took place primarily during 1775–1776 and during the winter months of 1776–1777. At Penrith, Wordsworth was exposed to the moors and was influenced by his experience with the landscape and was further turned towards nature by the harsh treatment he received at the hands of his relatives. In particular, Wordsworth could not get along with his grand parents and his uncle, and his hostile interactions with them distressed him to the point of contemplating suicide.
In March 1778, Ann died of an illness, possibly pneumonia, at Penrith. After the death of his mother in 1778, his father was inconsolable and sent his children away to be raised by their relatives. William was taken in by his mother's family and eventually sent to Hawkshead Grammar School, and Dorothy was sent to live with Elizabeth Threlkeld, Ann's cousin, in Halifax. She and William did not meet again for another nine years. Although Hawkshead was Wordsworth's first serious experience with education, he was taught to read by his mother and attended a tiny school in Cockermouth of low quality.
Education and nature.
At Penrith, Wordsworth was sent to a school for the children of upper-class families and taught by Ann Birkett, a woman who insisted in instilling tradition in her students that included pursuing both scholarly and local activities, especially the festivals around Easter, May Day, or Shrove Tide. Wordsworth was taught both the Bible and the "Spectator", but little else. It was at the school that Wordsworth was to meet the Hutchinsons, including Mary, who would be his future wife. Life at Penrith wasn't a happy time for Wordsworth, because he was unsatisfied with his grandparents treatment; he still spent time at his grandparents home and their relationship was still tense. Wordsworth became rebellious to the point of destroying a family portrait.
His discontent with his familial situation provoked Wordsworth to spend his time wandering away from his home, an action Wordsworth relates as uniting a childish imagination with both nature and mankind in "The Prelude". He became attached to nature, and, when he was finally sent to school in Hawkshead, he was able to fully enjoy the countryside.
Besides the local surroundings, Wordsworth was educated at the Hawkshead Grammar School, which had a reputation for scholarship and preparation for University entrance.
A large portion of Wordsworth's education at Hawkshead was based on mathematics. The rest of the curriculum was based on teaching the classics, and it was during his classical studies that Wordsworth gained a love for Latin literature. Besides his literary education, Wordsworth and his brothers were given dancing lessons in 1785. While Wordsworth was taught at Hawkshead, he boarded with Hugh and Ann Tyson in the nearby hamlet of Colthouse, where he was exposed to the local yarn trade. The community had a strong Quaker influence, and Wordsworth, after experiencing their traditions, rejected their fixation on praising God for a relationship with the divine that would involve a more direct interaction.
College.
Hawkshead School had a strong relationship with St.John's College at Cambridge University and, in October 1787, Wordsworth became an undergraduate there.
Early career.
Wordsworth felt that his life before Samuel Taylor Coleridge was sedentary and dull and his poetry amounted to little. When Coleridge was near, he was Wordsworth's muse, and Coleridge's praise and encouragement kept Wordsworth motivated. Dorothy described Wordsworth while around Coleridge when she wrote: "His faculties seem to expand every day, he composes with much more facility than he did". It was under Coleridge's support that Wordsworth was encouraged to write poetry intended to rival Milton.
Separation from Coleridge.
When Wordsworth was forced to move from Alfoxden, Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Dorothy agreed to travel to Germany in September 1798. Originally, Coleridge and Wordsworth lived together in Hamburg, until Coleridge decided to look for a place to live at Ratzeburg. Wordsworth wanted to join his friend, but was forced to decline over monetary issues; Wordsworth was unable to provide for both himself and his sister in such an expensive town, and they instead moved to Goslar. The separation, with the expenses, made it impossible for Wordsworth to spend time with Coleridge until after the winter of 1798.
Wordsworth continued to write even without the support of Coleridge's company, and from October 1798 to February 1799 Wordsworth began writing the "Matthew" poems along with the "Lucy" poems and other poems. These poems express the frustration and anxiety that Wordsworth was feeling In particular, it is possible that the "Lucy" poems allowed Wordsworth to vent his frustration with his sister, and that they contain the subconscious desire for his sister to die. The two poems are thematically unique compared to Wordsworth's other poems, especially in their portrayal of loss and a lack of faith that nature is able to provide comfort or solutions to life's problems. This reversal of Wordsworth's view of nature provoked Alan Grob to suggest that the two sets of poems should be known "as the Goslar lyrics of 1799".
Early works.
Besides an emphasis on nature, as Bennett Weaver points out, "The dominant theme of the poems of 1799 is death: death for the children of the village school, for Matthew's daughter, and for Lucy Gray."
Lyrical Ballads.
In his ""Preface to Lyrical Ballads"", which is called the "manifesto" of English Romantic criticism, Wordsworth calls his poems "experimental". The year 1793 saw Wordsworth's first published poetry, with the collections "An Evening Walk and Descriptive Sketches". He received a legacy of £900 from Raisley Calvert in 1795 so that he could pursue writing poetry. That year, he met Samuel Taylor Coleridge in Somerset. The two poets quickly developed a close friendship. In 1797, Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy moved to Alfoxton House, Somerset, just a few miles away from Coleridge's home in Nether Stowey. Together, Wordsworth and Coleridge (with insights from Dorothy) produced "Lyrical Ballads" (1798), an important work in the English Romantic movement. The volume gave neither Wordsworth's nor Coleridge's name as author. One of Wordsworth's most famous poems, "Tintern Abbey", was published in the work, along with Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner". The second edition, published in 1800, had only Wordsworth listed as the author, and included a preface to the poems, which was augmented significantly in the 1802 edition. This Preface to Lyrical Ballads is considered a central work of Romantic literary theory. In it, Wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry, one based on the "real language of men" and which avoids the poetic diction of much 18th-century poetry. Here, Wordsworth gives his famous definition of poetry as "the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings: it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility." A fourth and final edition of Lyrical Ballads was published in 1805.
Prelude.
In 1799, Wordsworth completed a version of his "Prelude", which was, according to Stephen Gill, "the most sustained self-examination in English poetry". In Wordsworth's 1799 "Prelude", he attempted to write a biography about the growth of his mind from childhood to the current time. However, he realized that this could never be complete and wrote:
The 1799 "Prelude" describes Wordsworth's early, happy moments in Cockermouth with a particular focus on the River Derwent and Cockermouth Castle. The poem transitions into the happy moments at Hawkshead, skipping over Wordsworth's experience with his mother's family, and only one scene containing his experience in Penrith was introduced in Book XII of the 1805 edition.
References.
Oxford: Clarendon, 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20126311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126311" title="Francisco Corzas">
Francisco Corzas

Francisco Corzas Chávez (b. Mexico City, October 4, 1936 - Mexico City, September 15, 1983) was a Mexican painter and printmaker, part of the Generación de la Ruptura. He was born in a very poor family but managed to study art in both Mexico and Italy, beginning his art career in Europe. He moved back to Mexico in the 1960s, but kept career ties in Europe with several commissions as well as exhibitions. Although he was a prolific creator, there are only about 1,500 of his works in existence because of his early death at age 47. His works can be found in museums and private collections in Europe (including the Vatican) and Mexico.
Life.
Francisco Corzas was the last of eight children born to Enrique Corzas and Regina Chávez, who were musicians originally from Quecholac, Puebla. He grew up in the rough Tepito neighborhood and was nicknamed Pancho. His family was extremely poor and has a child Corzas dreamed of being a bullfighter or a boxer to better his lot. However, he spent time creating drawings on the bathroom wall using pieces of coal, the first indication of his artistic talent.
At the age of fourteen, he enrolled in La Esmeralda, with his mother’s support, despite their still dire financial circumstances. He studied there from 1951 to 1955 under teachers such as Agustín Lazo, Manuel Rodríguez Lozano, Carlos Orozco Romero, María Izquierdo and Juan Soriano . During this time, he discovered that he could not only paint, but had an exceptional baritone voice, which would serve him economically as well. One of these endeavors was the formation of the group Trio La Esmeralda with Felipe Zaúl Peña and Raúl Anguiano, which performed at student parties. 
In 1956, at the age of nineteen, Corzas went to Italy to study, accompanied by Humberto Kubli. Kubli returned to Mexico soon after, but Corzas stayed in Rome in the ancient Trastevere neighborhood. He considered his three years there to be his real formation as a painter. He studied fresco painting at the Accademia San Giacomo and figure drawing at the Brera Academy. However, more importantly, his time in Europe allowed him to visit various museums to learn about and develop a passion for classic European art, which had great influence on his aesthetics. To support himself, he toured parts of Europe to earn money singing.
In Italy in 1967, Corzas met his future wife, Bianca Dall’Occa, a young widow eleven years his senior. They met at a restaurant where Francisco was painting a mural and where Bianca sang and played the guitar in exchange for meals. The relationship began as a friendship, taking long walks and conversing. Bianca followed Corzas to Mexico to marry him and they remained together until his death. However, the relationship was rocky. Corzas was fascinated by music, poetry, dance, and the pleasures of life, including romantic affairs. He had mood swings as well and Bianca worked to create order in his life and provide stability.
Corzas returned to live in Mexico in the 1960s but returned to Europe again for a time in the 1970s to live and work.
Corzas died in 1983 at the age of forty-seven after battling an illness for three years. For the time prior to his death, he painted almost constantly, even at night, leading to speculation that he foresaw his end.
Career.
Corzas began his art career while still studying in Europe in the latter 1950s. He returned to Mexico in 1962, but struggled for a time because his work was not yet well appreciated. Although he worked almost constantly, he produced only about 1,500 works because of his untimely death. His last work, called La modelo, was auctioned off in 2011. It was created during the last days of his life.
He had fourteen individual exhibitions and participated in forty three in various countries of the world including Rome, Florence, Venice, Belgrade, Prague, Brussels, Vienna, New Delhi, Mumbai, Osaka, New York, San Antonio, Los Angeles, Montreal, Bogota, Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro and Santiago de Chile. The first individual exhibition was at the YMCA in Rome in 1958, followed by another at the Trentadue Gallery in Milan and various collective exhibitions. When he returned to Mexico he initially showed his work at the Antonio Souza Gallery. However, his first important exhibition was that of large-scale figurative works at the Galería Misrachi in 1962. By 1972, he was important enough to warrant a retrospective at the Palacio de Bellas Artes called “Francisco Corzas, 1962-1972, followed by an individual show at the Museo de Arte Moderno in 1976.
His work remained recognized in Europe after he moved back to Mexico, with invitations to produce work there and in the United States. He spent time again in Europe in the 1970s, receiving a Des Art grant from the French government. He spent a year at the Bramsen workshop in Paris then traveled to various European countries. He created ten lithographs called los Profetas at the Caprina Graphics workshop in Rome and one other called Umbrío por la pena with the Upiglio workshop in Milan, and eleven lithographs related to the Carmina Burana with the Olivetti workshop. He also did painting, producing two canvases for the Vatican called Profeta (found in Room 12) and Plegaria (in the Stampa Room) . In addition to those commissions, he also received one for ten lithographs for Lublin Press in New York as well as one from the Fundación Cultural Televisa to create a work called Agonías y otras ofrendas.
The first recognition of his work was a silver medal at the Via Margutta International Fair in Rome in 1958, which gave his work international notice. He also participated in competitions in Oslo, Frenchen (Germany) and San Juan, Puerto Rico. In Mexico, he received an honorary mention from the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana, of which he became a member. In 1964 he received the first Acquisition Prize of Salón 65 of Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes. In 1998, fifteen years after his death, there was a homage to the artist at the Centro Cultural San Ángel, with José Luis Cuevas, Rafael Coronel, Javier Juárez and Raymundo Sesma among others. 
Much of his work is found outside of Mexico, some in museums and others in private collections. In Mexico, his work can be found in the Museo de Arte Moderno (la Empaquetada (1966)) and the Museo Carrillo Gil, as well as the Fundación Cultural Televisa.
Artistry.
Francisco Corzas is considered to be part of Mexicos’ Generación de la Ruptura, the generations of artists in the 20th century who rebelled against the artistic and political precepts of Mexican muralism . These artists experimented with other forms of expression. In Corzas case, a new kind of figurative expression that left much of the definition to the imagination, especially the background, giving the works an ethereal quality. He was a prolific artist that worked on several projects at a time. He always painted with a drink at hand, listening to operatic arias at full volume.
Corzas described his work as impressionism, with strong influence from Goya; however, it was also been classified as expressionism . Corzas’ strongest influence on his artistic development came from his time in Italy and his study of European movements from the Renaissance, to Baroque, to Mannerism and the more modern avant garde. Among the painters Corzas most admired was Correggio, Veronese, Tintoretto, Velazquez and especially Goya. He even signed some of his very early works with the pseudonym of “Goya.” He was profoundly attracted by the past and images from the past often appeared in his work such as figures in old fashioned garments and large hats.
His preferred themes included sensual and erotic female nudes, among the best being melancholic, sadly beautiful women among faded colors that suggest a bed or a shawl. His early works focus on images of mutilated bodies and ghost like faces, often enveloped in light. Orange tones dominated and contrasted with the faces. He did not use models, basing the faces of his human figures on stories he read and some completely invented. Elements of his own face can be found in many of the figures. In addition to human, other elements included animals, which often accompanied the female nudes. These included owls, bulls, cats and especially horses. Elements of dance appeared because of his relationship with music. His formation of images was not completely realistic, leaving a lack of definition in the forms, especially the background elements. This gives the works a mysteriousness, accentuated by the play of light and shadow as well as the use of limited colors such as yellows, dark ochre and black.

</doc>
<doc id="20126323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126323" title="Marjorie Hughes">
Marjorie Hughes

Marjorie Hughes (born Marjorie Carle, December 15, 1925 in Springfield, MA) was a singer in the Frankie Carle Orchestra. She was also Frankie Carle's daughter. After singers Betty Bonney (aka Judy Johnson) and Phyllis Lynne had come and gone, Carle was auditioning new female singers - some in person, and some by means of demo records. Carle's wife sneaked in a demo of Carle's daughter recorded from a radio program. She was singing with the Paul Martin band in her first singing job. Carle liked the singer he heard on the demo, at first unaware that it was his daughter. When he decided to give his daughter a chance with his band, Carle changed his daughter's name to Marjorie Hughes, so that the public wouldn't know she was his daughter until he could be certain she'd make the grade. The band made a hit recording with Marjorie Hughes on the vocal, entitled "Oh, What It Seemed To Be." With the success of that song, Walter Winchell announced that Marjorie Hughes was actually Frankie Carle's daughter.
According to Christopher Popa's Big Band Library.com website, Marjorie Hughes real name was Ede Carle. However, in George T. Simon's "The Big Bands", Simon quotes Frankie Carle saying that he plays golf once or twice a week with his wife, Ede. 

</doc>
<doc id="20126369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126369" title="Bertrand Russell's views on philosophy">
Bertrand Russell's views on philosophy

The aspects of Bertrand Russell views on philosophy cover the changing viewpoints of philosopher and mathematician Bertrand Russell (1872–1970), from his early writings in 1896 until his death in February 1970.
Philosophical work.
Russell is generally credited with being one of the founders of analytic philosophy, but he also produced a body of work that covers logic, the philosophy of mathematics, metaphysics, ethics and epistemology, including his 1913 "Theory of Knowledge" and the related article he wrote for the 1926 edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica".
Analytic philosophy.
Bertrand Russell helped to develop what is now called "Analytic Philosophy." Alongside G. E. Moore, Russell was shown to be partly responsible for the British revolt against idealism, a philosophy greatly influenced by G. W. F. Hegel and his British apostle, F. H. Bradley. This revolt was echoed 30 years later in Vienna by the logical positivists' "revolt against metaphysics." Russell was particularly critical of a doctrine he ascribed to idealism and coherentism, which he dubbed the doctrine of internal relations; this, Russell suggested, held that in order to know any particular thing, we must know all of its relations. Russell argued that this would make space, time, science and the concept of number not fully intelligible. Russell's logical work with Whitehead continued this project.
Russell and Moore were devoted to clarity in arguments by breaking down philosophical position into their simplest components. Russell, in particular, saw formal logic and science as the principal tools of the philosopher. Russell did not think we should have separate methods for philosophy. Russell thought philosophers should strive to answer the most general of propositions about the world and this would help eliminate confusions. In particular, he wanted to end what he saw as the excesses of metaphysics. Russell adopted William of Ockham's principle against multiplying unnecessary entities, Occam's Razor, as a central part of the method of analysis.
Logic and philosophy of mathematics.
Russell had great influence on modern mathematical logic. The American philosopher and logician Willard Quine said Russell's work represented the greatest influence on his own work.
Russell's first mathematical book, "An Essay on the Foundations of Geometry", was published in 1897. This work was heavily influenced by Immanuel Kant. Russell later realized that the conception it laid out would make Albert Einstein's schema of space-time impossible. Thenceforth, he rejected the entire Kantian program as it related to mathematics and geometry, and rejected his own earliest work on the subject.
Interested in the definition of number, Russell studied the work of George Boole, Georg Cantor, and Augustus De Morgan. Materials in the Bertrand Russell Archives at McMaster University include notes of his reading in algebraic logic by Charles Sanders Peirce and Ernst Schröder. In 1900 he attended the first International Congress of Philosophy in Paris, where he became familiar with the work of the Italian mathematician, Giuseppe Peano. He mastered Peano's new symbolism and his set of axioms for arithmetic. Peano defined logically all of the terms of these axioms with the exception of "0", "number", "successor", and the singular term, "the", which were the primitives of his system. Russell took it upon himself to find logical definitions for each of these. Between 1897 and 1903 he published several articles applying Peano's notation to the classical Boole-Schröder algebra of relations, among them "On the Notion of Order", "Sur la logique des relations avec les applications à la théorie des séries", and "On Cardinal Numbers". He became convinced that the foundations of mathematics could be derived within what has since come to be called higher-order logic which in turn he believed to include some form of unrestricted comprehension axiom.
Russell then discovered that Gottlob Frege had independently arrived at equivalent definitions for "0", "successor", and "number", and the definition of number is now usually referred to as the Frege-Russell definition. Russell drew attention to Frege's priority in 1903, when he published "The Principles of Mathematics" (see below). The appendix to this work, however, described a paradox arising from Frege's application of second- and higher-order functions which took first-order functions as their arguments, and Russell offered his first effort to resolve what would henceforth come to be known as the Russell Paradox. Before writing "Principles", Russell became aware of Cantor's proof that there was no greatest cardinal number, which Russell believed was mistaken. The Cantor Paradox in turn was shown (for example by Crossley) to be a special case of the Russell Paradox. This caused Russell to analyze classes, for it was known that given any number of elements, the number of classes they result in is greater than their number. This in turn led to the discovery of a very interesting class, namely, the class of all classes. It contains two kinds of classes: those classes that contain themselves, and those that do not. Consideration of this class led him to find a fatal flaw in the so-called principle of comprehension, which had been taken for granted by logicians of the time. He showed that it resulted in a contradiction, whereby Y is a member of Y, if and only if, Y is not a member of Y. This has become known as Russell's paradox, the solution to which he outlined in an appendix to "Principles", and which he later developed into a complete theory, the Theory of types. Aside from exposing a major inconsistency in naive set theory, Russell's work led directly to the creation of modern axiomatic set theory. It also crippled Frege's project of reducing arithmetic to logic. The Theory of Types and much of Russell's subsequent work have also found practical applications with computer science and information technology.
Russell continued to defend logicism, the view that mathematics is in some important sense reducible to logic, and along with his former teacher, Alfred North Whitehead, wrote the monumental "Principia Mathematica", an axiomatic system on which all of mathematics can be built. The first volume of the "Principia" was published in 1910, and is largely ascribed to Russell. More than any other single work, it established the specialty of mathematical or symbolic logic. Two more volumes were published, but their original plan to incorporate geometry in a fourth volume was never realized, and Russell never felt up to improving the original works, though he referenced new developments and problems in his preface to the second edition. Upon completing the "Principia", three volumes of extraordinarily abstract and complex reasoning, Russell was exhausted, and he felt his intellectual faculties never fully recovered from the effort. Although the "Principia" did not fall prey to the paradoxes in Frege's approach, it was later proven by Kurt Gödel that neither "Principia Mathematica", nor any other consistent system of primitive recursive arithmetic, could, within that system, determine that every proposition that could be formulated within that system was decidable, i.e. could decide whether that proposition or its negation was provable within the system (See: Gödel's incompleteness theorem).
Russell's last significant work in mathematics and logic, "Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy", was written while he was in jail for his anti-war activities during World War I. This was largely an explication of his previous work and its philosophical significance.
Philosophy of language.
Russell made language, or more specifically, "how we use language", a central part of philosophy, and this influenced Ludwig Wittgenstein, Gilbert Ryle, J. L. Austin, and P. F. Strawson, among others, who used many of the techniques that Russell originally developed. Russell, and GE Moore, argued that clarity of expression is a virtue.
A significant contribution to philosophy of language is Russell's theory of descriptions, set out in "On Denoting" ("Mind", 1905). Frank P. Ramsey described this paper as "a paradigm of philosophy." The theory considers the sentence "The present King of France is bald" and whether the proposition is false or meaningless. Frege had argued, employing his distinction between sense and reference, that such sentences were meaningful but neither true nor false. Russell argues that the grammatical form of the sentence disguises its underlying logical form. Russell's Theory of Definite Descriptions enables the sentence to be construed as meaningful but false, without commitment to the existence of any present King of France. This addresses a paradox of great antiquity (e.g. "That which is not must in some sense be. Otherwise, how could we say of it that it is not?" etc.), going back at least as far as Parmenides. In Russell's own time, Meinong held the view of that which is not being in some sense real; and Russell held this view prior to "On Denoting".
The problem is general to what are called "definite descriptions." Normally this includes all terms beginning with "the," and sometimes includes names, like "Walter Scott." (This point is quite contentious: Russell sometimes thought that the latter terms shouldn't be called names at all, but only "disguised definite descriptions," but much subsequent work has treated them as altogether different things.) What is the "logical form" of definite descriptions: how, in Frege's terms, could we paraphrase them in order to show how the truth of the whole depends on the truths of the parts? Definite descriptions appear to be like names that by their very nature denote exactly one thing, neither more nor less. What, then, are we to say about the proposition as a whole if one of its parts apparently isn't functioning correctly?
Russell's solution was, first of all, to analyze not the term alone but the entire proposition that contained a definite description. "The present king of France is bald," he then suggested, can be reworded to "There is an x such that x is a present king of France, nothing other than x is a present king of France, and x is bald." Russell claimed that each definite description in fact contains a claim of existence and a claim of uniqueness which give this appearance, but these can be broken apart and treated separately from the predication that is the obvious content of the proposition. The proposition as a whole then says three things about some object: the definite description contains two of them, and the rest of the sentence contains the other. If the object does not exist, or if it is not unique, then the whole sentence turns out to be false, not meaningless.
One of the major complaints against Russell's theory, due originally to Strawson, is that definite descriptions do not claim that their object exists, they merely presuppose that it does.
Wittgenstein, Russell's student, achieved considerable prominence in the philosophy of language after the posthumous publication of the "Philosophical Investigations". In Russell's opinion, Wittgenstein's later work was misguided, and he decried its influence and that of its followers (especially members of the so-called "Oxford school" of ordinary language philosophy, whom he believed were promoting a kind of mysticism). He wrote a foreword to Ernest Gellners Words and Things which was a fierce attack on the Oxford School of Ordinary Language philosophy and Wittgensteins later work and was supportive of Gellner in the subsequent academic dispute. However, Russell still held Wittgenstein and his early work in high regard, he thought of him as, "perhaps the most perfect example I have ever known of genius as traditionally conceived, passionate, profound, intense, and dominating." Russell's belief that philosophy's task is not limited to examining ordinary language is once again widely accepted in philosophy.
Logical atomism.
Perhaps Russell's most systematic, metaphysical treatment of philosophical analysis and his empiricist-centric logicism is evident in what he called logical atomism, which is explicated in a set of lectures, "The Philosophy of Logical Atomism," which he gave in 1918. In these lectures, Russell sets forth his concept of an ideal, isomorphic language, one that would mirror the world, whereby our knowledge can be reduced to terms of atomic propositions and their truth-functional compounds. Logical atomism is a form of radical empiricism, for Russell believed the most important requirement for such an ideal language is that every meaningful proposition must consist of terms referring directly to the objects with which we are acquainted, or that they are defined by other terms referring to objects with which we are acquainted. Russell excluded some formal, logical terms such as "all", "the", "is", and so forth, from his isomorphic requirement, but he was never entirely satisfied with our understanding of such terms. One of the central themes of Russell's atomism is that the world consists of logically independent facts, a plurality of facts, and that our knowledge depends on the data of our direct experience of them. In his later life, Russell came to doubt aspects of logical atomism, especially his principle of isomorphism, though he continued to believe that the process of philosophy ought to consist of breaking things down into their simplest components, even though we might not ever fully arrive at an ultimate atomic fact.
Epistemology.
Russell's epistemology went through many phases. Once he shed neo-Hegelianism in his early years, Russell remained a philosophical realist for the remainder of his life, believing that our direct experiences have primacy in the acquisition of knowledge. While some of his views have lost favour, his influence remains strong in the distinction between two ways in which we can be familiar with objects: "knowledge by acquaintance" and "knowledge by description". For a time, Russell thought that we could only be acquainted with our own sense data—momentary perceptions of colors, sounds, and the like—and that everything else, including the physical objects that these were sense data "of", could only be inferred, or reasoned to—i.e. known by description—and not known directly. This distinction has gained much wider application, though Russell eventually rejected the idea of an intermediate sense datum.
In his later philosophy, Russell subscribed to a kind of neutral monism, maintaining that the distinctions between the material and mental worlds, in the final analysis, were arbitrary, and that both can be reduced to a neutral property—a view similar to one held by the American philosopher/psychologist, William James, and one that was first formulated by Baruch Spinoza, whom Russell greatly admired. Instead of James' "pure experience," however, Russell characterised the stuff of our initial states of perception as "events," a stance which is curiously akin to his old teacher Whitehead's process philosophy.
Philosophy of science.
Russell claimed that he was more convinced of his "method" of doing philosophy than of his philosophical conclusions. Science was one of the principal components of analysis. Russell was a believer in the scientific method, that science reaches only tentative answers, that scientific progress is piecemeal, and attempts to find organic unities were largely futile. He believed the same was true of philosophy. Russell held that the ultimate objective of "both" science and philosophy was to "understand" reality, not simply to make predictions.
Russell's work contributed to philosophy of science's development into a separate branch of philosophy. Much of Russell's thinking about science is expressed in his 1914 book, "Our Knowledge of the External World as a Field for Scientific Method in Philosophy", which influenced the logical positivists.
Russell held that of the physical world we know only its abstract structure except for the intrinsic character of our own brain with which we have direct acquaintance (Russell, 1948). Russell said that he had always assumed copunctuality between percepts and non-percepts, and percepts were also part of the physical world, a part of which we knew its intrinsic character directly, knowledge which goes beyond structure. His views on science have become integrated into the contemporary debate in the philosophy of science as a form of Structural Realism, people such as Elie Zahar and Ioannis Votsis have discussed the implications of his work for our understanding of science. The seminal article "The Concept of Structure in "The Analysis of Matter"" by William Demopoulos and Michael Friedman was crucial in reintegrating Russell's views to the contemporary scene.
Russell wrote several science books, including "The ABC of Atoms" (1923) and "The ABC of Relativity" (1925).
Ethics.
While Russell wrote a great deal on ethical subject matters, he did not believe that the subject belonged to philosophy or that when he wrote on ethics that he did so in his capacity as a philosopher. In his earlier years, Russell was greatly influenced by G.E. Moore's "Principia Ethica". Along with Moore, he then believed that moral facts were objective, but known only through intuition; that they were simple properties of objects, not equivalent (e.g., pleasure is good) to the natural objects to which they are often ascribed (see Naturalistic fallacy); and that these simple, undefinable moral properties cannot be analyzed using the non-moral properties with which they are associated. In time, however, he came to agree with his philosophical hero, David Hume, who believed that ethical terms dealt with subjective values that cannot be verified in the same way as matters of fact.
Coupled with Russell's other doctrines, this influenced the logical positivists, who formulated the theory of emotivism or non-cognitivism, which states that ethical propositions (along with those of metaphysics) were essentially meaningless and nonsensical or, at best, little more than expressions of attitudes and preferences. Notwithstanding his influence on them, Russell himself did not construe ethical propositions as narrowly as the positivists, for he believed that ethical considerations are not only meaningful, but that they are a vital subject matter for civil discourse. Indeed, though Russell was often characterised as the patron saint of rationality, he agreed with Hume, who said that reason ought to be subordinate to ethical considerations.
Religion and theology.
For most of his adult life Russell maintained that religion is little more than superstition and, despite any positive effects that religion might have, it is largely harmful to people. He believed religion and the religious outlook (he considered communism and other systematic ideologies to be forms of religion) serve to impede knowledge, foster fear and dependency, and are responsible for much of the war, oppression, and misery that have beset the world.
In his 1949 speech, "Am I an Atheist or an Agnostic?", Russell expressed his difficulty over whether to call himself an atheist or an agnostic:
However, in the 1948 BBC Radio Debate between Bertrand Russell and Frederick Copleston, Russell chose to assume the position of the agnostic, though it seems to have been because he admitted to not being able to prove the non-existence of God:
Though he would later question God's existence, he fully accepted the ontological argument during his undergraduate years:
This quote has been used by many theologians over the years, such as by Louis Pojman in his "Philosophy of Religion", who wish for readers to believe that even a well-known atheist-philosopher supported this particular argument for God's existence. However, elsewhere in his autobiography, Russell also mentions:
Russell made an influential analysis of the omphalos hypothesis enunciated by Philip Henry Gosse—that any argument suggesting that the world was created as if it were already in motion could just as easily make it a few minutes old as a few thousand years: 
As a young man, Russell had a decidedly religious bent, himself, as is evident in his early Platonism. He longed for eternal truths, as he makes clear in his famous essay, "A Free Man's Worship", widely regarded as a masterpiece of prose, but a work that Russell came to dislike. While he rejected the supernatural, he freely admitted that he yearned for a deeper meaning to life.
Russell's views on religion can be found in his book, "Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects". Its title essay was a talk given on 6 March 1927 at Battersea Town Hall, under the auspices of the South London Branch of the National Secular Society, UK, and published later that year as a pamphlet. The book also contains other essays in which Russell considers a number of logical arguments for the existence of God, including the first cause argument, the natural-law argument, the argument from design, and moral arguments. He also discusses specifics about Christian theology.
His conclusion:
Influence on philosophy.
As Nicholas Griffin discusses in the introduction to "The Cambridge Companion to Bertrand Russell", Russell had a major influence on modern philosophy, especially in the English-speaking world. While others were also influential, notably Frege, Moore, and Wittgenstein, Russell made analysis the dominant methodology of professional philosophy. The various analytic movements throughout the last century all owe something to Russell's earlier works. Even Ray Monk, no admirer of Russell's personal snobbery, characterized his work on the philosophy of mathematics as intense, august and incontestably great and acknowledged in the preface to the second volume of his biography that he is one of the indisputably great philosophers of the twentieth century.
Russell's influence on individual philosophers is singular, perhaps most notably in the case of Ludwig Wittgenstein, who was his student between 1911 and 1914.
Wittgenstein had an important influence on Russell as he himself discusses in his "My Philosophical Development". He led him, for example, to conclude, much to his regret, that mathematical truths were purely tautological truths, however it is doubtful that Wittgenstein actually held this view, which he discussed in relation to logical truth, since it is not clear that he was a logicist when he wrote the Tractatus. What is certain is that in 1901 Russell's own reflections on the issues raised by the paradox that takes his name Russell's Paradox, led him to doubt the intuitive certainty of mathematics. This doubt was perhaps Russell's most important 'influence' on mathematics, and was spread throughout the European universities, even as Russell himself laboured (with Alfred North Whitehead) in an attempt to solve the Paradox and related paradoxes, such as Burali-Forti. As Stewart Shapiro explains in his "Thinking About Mathematics", Russell's attempts to solve the paradoxes led to the ramified theory of types, which, though it is highly complex and relies on the doubtful axiom of reducibility, actually manages to solve both syntactic and semantic paradoxes at the expense of rendering the logicist project suspect and introducing much complexity in the PM system. Philosopher and logician F.P. Ramsey would later simplify the theory of types arguing that there was no need to solve both semantic and syntactic paradoxes in order to provide a foundation for mathematics. The philosopher and logician George Boolos discusses the power of the PM system in the preface to his "Logic, logic & logic", stating that it is powerful enough to derive most classical mathematics, equating the power of PM to that of Z, a weaker form of set theory than ZFC (Zermelo-Fraenkel Set theory with Choice). In fact, ZFC actually does circumvent Russell's paradox by restricting the comprehension axiom to already existing sets by the use of subset axioms.
Russell wrote (in "Portraits from Memory", 1956) of his reaction to Gödel's 'Theorems of Undecidability':
Evidence of Russell's influence on Wittgenstein can be seen throughout the "Tractatus", which Russell was instrumental in having published. Russell also helped to secure Wittgenstein's doctorate and a faculty position at Cambridge, along with several fellowships along the way.
However, as previously stated, he came to disagree with Wittgenstein's later linguistic and analytic approach to philosophy dismissing it as "trivial", while Wittgenstein came to think of Russell as "superficial and glib", particularly in his popular writings. However, Norman Malcolm tells us in his recollections of Wittgenstein that Wittgenstein showed a deference towards Russell such as he never saw him show towards any one, and even went so far as to reprimand students of his who criticized Russell. As Ray Monk relates in his biography of Wittgenstein, Wittgenstein used to say that Russell's books should be bound in two covers, those dealing with mathematical philosophy in blue, and every student of philosophy should read them, while those dealing with popular subjects should be bound in red and no one should be allowed to read them.
Russell's influence is also evident in the work of Alfred J. Ayer, Rudolf Carnap, Alonzo Church, Kurt Gödel, David Kaplan, Saul Kripke, Karl Popper, W. V. Quine, John R. Searle, and a number of other philosophers and logicians.
Some see Russell's influence as mostly negative, primarily those who have criticized Russell's emphasis on science and logic. Russell often characterized his moral and political writings as lying outside the scope of philosophy, but Russell's admirers and detractors are often more acquainted with his pronouncements on social and political matters, or what some (e.g., biographer Ray Monk) have called his "journalism," than they are with his technical, philosophical work. There is a marked tendency to conflate these matters, and to judge Russell the philosopher on what he himself would definitely consider to be his non-philosophical opinions. Russell often cautioned people to make this distinction. Beginning in the 1920s, Russell wrote frequently for "The Nation" on changing morals, disarmament and literature. In 1965, he wrote that the magazine "...has been one of the few voices which has been heard on behalf of individual liberty and social justice consistently throughout its existence."
Russell left a large assortment of writing. From his adolescent years, he wrote about 3,000 words a day, with relatively few corrections; his first draft nearly always was his last, even on the most complex, technical matters. His previously unpublished work is an immense treasure trove, and scholars continue to gain new insights into Russell's thought.
Further reading.
Selected bibliography of Russell's books.
This is a selected bibliography of Russell's books in English sorted by year of first publication.
Note: This is a mere sampling, for Russell also wrote many pamphlets, introductions, articles and letters to the editor. His works also can be found in any number of anthologies and collections, perhaps most notably "The Collected Papers of Bertrand Russell", which McMaster University began publishing in 1983. This collection of his shorter and previously unpublished works is now up to 16 volumes, and many more are forthcoming. An additional three volumes catalogue just his bibliography. The Russell Archives at McMaster University also have more than 30,000 letters that he wrote.
External links.
Writings available online
Audio
Other

</doc>
<doc id="20126394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126394" title="Kalahari Tea">
Kalahari Tea

Kalahari Tea imports, distributes and sells via its web site a variety of specialty teas. Originally founded by Ned Fitch and David Abrahams, the company focuses in particular on South African Rooibos or red tea, which it sells in Giant Eagle and GNC stores. Additional lines include its ChocoLatte green tea, citrust flavored oolong teas, all of which are carried in Publix grocery stores. 
The company's mission is to enhance communities in Africa as well as the United States by participating in fair trade imports of red tea as well as sponsoring events promoting health such as the annual Dodge Tour de Georgia cycling race.

</doc>
<doc id="20126396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126396" title="Douglas Bennett (canoeist)">
Douglas Bennett (canoeist)

Douglas Bennett (September 13, 1918 – June 28, 2008) was a Canadian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1930s to the late 1940s. He won a silver medal in the C-1 1000 m event at 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Prior to becoming a canoer, Bennett played for the Royal Montreal Hockey Club in 1937. He took up canoeing when his swimming career did not pan out. Winning several canoeing championships for Canada between 1934 and 1939, he qualified for the 1940 Summer Olympics in Tokyo that were subsequently cancelled. In 1947, Bennett was named Montreal's Sportsman of the Year after winning Canada's C-1, C-2, and C-4 national championships. Following the 1948 games, Bennett retired and went to work for Bell Canada's engineering department though he would continue canoeing for exercise.
Bennett was a native of Saint Lambert, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20126398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126398" title="No Molestar">
No Molestar

No Molestar (Eng.: "Do Not Disturb") is the eighth studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on October 7, 2008. This album became the ninth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums for Solís, the most for any artist on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20126413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126413" title="BC Yambol">
BC Yambol

BC Yambol () is a Bulgarian professional basketball club based in Yambol. Founded in 1944, Yambol has won the Bulgarian championship once. They play their home matches at the Diana Hall. The team is a regular first league participant.
Roster 2013-2014.
<br>
Head Coach: Yulian Radionov
Assistant Coach: Ivailo Stoimenov

</doc>
<doc id="20126431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126431" title="EuropaCorp">
EuropaCorp

Europacorp is one of the major feature film producers in France and Europe, headquartered in Saint-Denis near Paris—and one of only a few fully integrated independent studios that both produces and distributes feature films. 
Founded in 1999, EuropaCorp's activities include production, theatrical distribution, home entertainment, VOD, international distribution and sales, French TV Sales, partnerships and licenses, original soundtrack production, publishing and exhibition. EuropaCorp's integrated financial model generates revenues from a wide range of sources, with films from many genres and a strong presence in the international markets. 
Over 14 years, EuropaCorp has produced and co-produced over 80 films and is now distributing over 500 titles after the integration of the RoissyFilms Catalogue. The studio is mainly known for its expertise in the production of English language films with strong earning potential in the international marketplace. The company is renowned for developing and producing the blockbuster franchises TAKEN, TAKEN 2 ($376M W.B.O) and THE TRANSPORTER series (the trilogy grossed over $250M worldwide).
The company began producing TV series in 2010 through EuropaCorp Television which is currently adapting one of EuropaCorp's most famous and popular film franchises: TAXI.
For more information go to www.europacorp-corporate.com.
History.
Luc Besson began directing features with his film, "Diva" (1981). In 1985 he worked with Pierre-Ange Le Pogam for the first time on the movie "Subway." Le Pogam was then Distribution Director at Gaumont. Subsequently, virtually all the films that Besson made with Gaumont between 1985 and 1999 topped the three-million ticket mark at the box office (e.g. "The Big Blue" (1988), "Nikita" (1990), "Léon", "The Fifth Element" (1997) and "" (1999)) Meanwhile, Le Pogam developed innovative promotional techniques at Gaumont, which he applied for the first time for Besson’s "The Fifth Element" (1997). This film was France’s biggest export success of all time until "Taken 2" was released in 2012, which established a new record.
In 1997 Pierre-Ange Le Pogam became Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Gaumont. In September 2000 Besson and Le Pogam founded Europacorp. This superseded Besson's earlier production company known as Films du Dauphin.
In July 2007 EuropaCorp successfully managed its IPO on Euronext Paris. In May 2008, the CSA, French authority for media regulation, selected "EuropaCorp TV" project in its invitation to apply for a mobile TV channel in France.
In 2013 Lisa Ellzey, hitherto producer for Lions Gate and 20th Century Fox, was appointed as executive vice president of U.S. Motion Picture Production of EuropaCorp.
Structure.
Today EuropaCorp is owned at 62% by Luc Besson through his company Frontline and at 8.06% by Pierre-Ange Le Pogam; 23% is public. Besson is the Chairman of EuropaCorp's Board of Directors.
Jean-Julien Baronnet has been the Chief Executive Officer of EuropaCorp since November 2008.
Digital Factory is related to EuropaCorp via Luc Besson. EuropaCorp films, post-production of sound for EuropaCorp films is performed chiefly at its Normandy site, while the image editing is done in Paris.
International dimension.
EuropaCorp has notably produced the world box-office hits "Taken" ($224 million at world box-office), "Arthur and the Invisibles" ($107 million), "Transporter 3" ($106 million) and "Hitman" ($100 million).
Two EuropaCorp productions have been topping the US box-office: "Transporter 2" by summer 2002 and "Taken" at spring 2009.
Many international film stars have appeared in EuropaCorp productions: Jim Carrey, Penélope Cruz, Robert De Niro, David Duchovny, Morgan Freeman, Salma Hayek, Tommy Lee Jones, Jet Li, John Malkovich, Jason Statham, Brittany Murphy, Liam Neeson, Madonna, Ewan McGregor, Lou Reed, and others. Consequently the films are usually shot in English.
EuropaCorp Japan, a subsidiary of EuropaCorp based in Tokyo, has for core business the distribution of feature films in Japan. It is a joint-venture with three Japanese companies: Asmik Ace, Sumitomo Corporation and Kadokawa.
In 2012 Europacorp struck a three-year output deal with Chinese film distributor Fundamental Films for 15 feature films. Fundamental Films agreed to co-produce three of these films.
In April 2013 the company announced its next film will be "Lucy," which will be directed by Luc Besson and star American actress Scarlett Johansson.
"Cité du Cinéma", French movie studios.
EuropaCorp relocated to the Cité du Cinéma in 2012. This movie studio complex, located in Saint-Denis in the close outskirts of Paris, at build out will have a total of 9 film stages, with another 12,000 square meters of space devoted to technical units and 2200 square meters for screening and reception rooms.
The cinema school « Ecole Nationale Supérieure Louis Lumière » is to be relocated to the complex.
EuropaCorp signed a lease with the Nef Lumière, owner of the tertiary complex, for space for its permanent staff and the film crews, with extra space for potential new activities. This tertiary complex is financed by both the Caisse des Dépôt and Vinci.
EuropaCorp is a minority shareholder in the company operating the studios, joining Euro Media Group, Quinta Communications and Frontline. The Euro Media Group, which owns several film studios throughout Europe, will provide management of daily operations of these studios of Paris.
Television series.
Upcoming TV-projects

</doc>
<doc id="20126455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126455" title="Robert Boutigny">
Robert Boutigny

Robert Boutigny (born July 24, 1927) is a French sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the early 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at London in 1948.
Boutigny also won two medals at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in the C-1 10000 m and a silver in the C-1 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20126462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126462" title="David Lane tram stop">
David Lane tram stop

David Lane is a tram station on Nottingham Express Transit, in the north of the suburb of Basford.
The tram lines here run parallel to the Robin Hood Line, crossing David Lane by a level crossing, but there is no corresponding railway station. Nottingham Express Transit recommend using this stop to change between the Hucknall and Phoenix Park branches, rather than the next station (Highbury Vale) where the two branches diverge.

</doc>
<doc id="20126466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126466" title="Licofelone">
Licofelone

Licofelone is a dual COX/LOX inhibitor being considered as a treatment for osteoarthritis and which is under development by Merckle GmbH with partners Alfa Wassermann and Lacer. 
Licofelone is both an analgesic and an anti-inflammatory. Inhibition of 5-LOX may reduce the gastrointestinal toxicity associated with other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, which only inhibit COX (cyclooxygenase). Licofelone is the first drug to inhibit both. It has passed the phase III trials.

</doc>
<doc id="20126475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126475" title="James C. Sadler">
James C. Sadler

James C. Sadler (1920 – September 2, 2005) was an American meteorologist, and a Professor in Tropical Meteorology at the University of Hawaii where he taught for 22 years. He is considered one of the pioneers of tropical meteorological study.
Career.
Sadler was born in Silver Point, Putnam County, Tennessee. He graduated with a civil engineering degree from the Tennessee Polytechnic Institute in 1941, receiving a meteorology certificate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1942, and later in 1947 earning a master's degree in meteorology from the University of California, Berkeley. He spent a number of years in the American Air Force, where he made some important contributions towards satellite observations and tropical meteorology.
Publications.
Sadler was the author of many books and essays on tropical meteorology including "Average Cloudiness in the Tropics from Satellite Observations " (1969) and "Pacific Ocean Cloudiness from Satellite Observations" (1976). Sadler documented the tropical cyclones over the eastern North Pacific that were revealed by satellite observations, and suggested that the upper-tropospheric circulation is a factor of development, as well as the life history of the tropical cyclones. Using charts of mean 200-hectopascal circulation for July through August to locate the circumpolar troughs and ridges, he observed that there is a trough line extending over the eastern and central North Pacific and another one extending over the North Atlantic. He also stated that the summer tropical upper tropospheric trough in the Southern Hemisphere lies over the trade wind region of the east central Pacific and can induce tropical cyclones.
According to Tom Schroeder, director of the Joint Institute for Marine and Atmospheric Research, "He was one of the foremost meteorologists of his time, and one of the founders of tropical meteorology as a discipline." 
Family.
Sadler died on September 2, 2005, survived by his wife, Nanell Harding Sadler, and two sons, James C. Sadler, Jr., and Glen H. Sadler.

</doc>
<doc id="20126479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126479" title="Manfred Baerns">
Manfred Baerns

Manfred Baerns (born 1934) is a German chemist who, after a 2-years postdoctoral fellowship at the Argonne National Laboratory (Argonne, Illinois), a further 5 years in academia and a 5-year career in industry, was a full professor for chemical technology and reaction engineering at Ruhr-University Bochum (Germany) from 1974–1995. He then acted as scientific director of the "Institute of Applied Chemistry Berlin-Adlershof" until 2003. He is now a guest scientist as Professor Emeritus at the "Fritz-Haber-Institute" of the Max-Planck-Society at Berlin.
Baerns was a member of numerous scientific committees and a referee for research proposal at a national level. From 1991 to 1997 he was member of the board DECHEMA (a scientific association of chemical technology, chemical engineering and biotechnology), and a permanent member of he German Chemical Society, the German Bunsen Society for Physical Chemistry, German Society for Coal, Oil and Gas, and finally the American Chemical Society.
He received the DECHEMA titanium medal, the award of the 4th World Congress on Oxidation Catalysis, for which he acted as president, honorary professorships of the Humboldt University and the Technical University, both at Berlin, honorary membership of the Leibniz-Institute for Catalysis at Rostock (Germany).
Manfred Baerns is an author of ca 300 scientific publications and three books on chemical reaction engineering and catalysis.
His research focuses on heterogeneous catalysis (oil and gas for chemicals) and chemical reaction engineering.
Books.
Manfred Baerns, Martin Holena, Combinatorial development of solid catalytic materials - Design of high.throughput experiments, data analysis, data mining, 2009, Imperial College Press, London, 178 pages

</doc>
<doc id="20126484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126484" title="Georges Reeb">
Georges Reeb

Georges Henri Reeb (12 November 1920 – 6 November 1993) was a French mathematician. He worked in differential topology, differential geometry, differential equations, topological dynamical systems theory and non-standard analysis.
In 1943 he received his PhD from University of Strasbourg (that had been evacuated during the war to Clermont-Ferrand) with the dissertation "Propriétés topologiques des variétés feuilletées". His adviser was Charles Ehresmann.
In 1954, he was at the Institute for Advanced Study.
In 1965 Reeb, Jean Leray and Pierre Lelong founded a series of encounters between theoretical physicists and mathematicians in Strasbourg (Rencontres entre Mathématiciens et Physiciens Théoriciens).
He was a professor in Grenoble (Université Joseph Fourier) and Strasbourg (Université Louis Pasteur) where he directed the Institut de Recherche Mathématique Avancée (The Institute of Mathematics of the University of Strasbourg) between 1967 and 1972, which he founded with Jean Frenkel in 1966.
Reeb is the founder of the topological theory of foliations (Feuilletées, Blätterungen), manifolds with a special local product structure.
He invented what is now called the Reeb foliation, a foliation of the 3-sphere, all the leaves of which are diffeomorphic to R2, except one, which is a (compact!) 2-torus.
Reeb sphere theorem says that a compact manifold with a function with exactly two critical points is homeomorphic to the sphere. This is used to prove that the Milnor spheres, although not diffeomorphic, are homeomorphic to the sphere S7, a result that came in 1956.
Reeb received an honorary doctorate from the Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20126496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126496" title="Mauricio González (athlete)">
Mauricio González (athlete)

Mauricio González (born October 16, 1960) is a retired long-distance runner from Mexico. He won the gold medal in the men's 5000 metres event at the 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games, and competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.Mexican record holder 5000m and 10000m 1985-1988.Four place Final Grand Prix 5000m Rome Italy.
González was married to Poland's long-distance runner Wanda Panfil.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20126522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126522" title="János Parti">
János Parti

János Parti (October 24, 1932 – March 6, 1999) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won three medals with one gold (C-1 1000 m: 1960) and two silvers (C-1 1000 m: 1952, C-1 10000 m: 1956). Parti also won a gold medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mâcon.

</doc>
<doc id="20126528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126528" title="Mellissa Fung">
Mellissa Fung

Mellissa Fung is a Canadian journalist with CBC News, appearing regularly as a field correspondent on "".
Education and career.
Fung and her younger sister are the daughters of Kellog and Joyce Fung. She was born in Hong Kong, and her family moved to Vancouver when she was four years old. There, she attended an all-girls Catholic high school, then completed a Bachelor of Arts at the University of British Columbia where she contributed regularly to the student-run newspaper "The Ubyssey". After graduating in 1994, she earned a Master's degree from Columbia School of Journalism in 1995. From February 2001 to 2003 she reported for CBC-TV News in Vancouver. Since December 2003, she has served as a national reporter for CBC Television, working out of Toronto and Regina.
In her time as a national correspondent she has covered numerous topics on both Canadian and world affairs, including the Robert Pickton trial, the 2003 SARS outbreak in Canada, the trial of Mike Danton, the 2007 Saskatchewan provincial election, 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and uncovering Canada's international sales of toxic asbestos. In 2007 and 2008 she was sent on assignment to Afghanistan to cover the Canadian military presence there.
2008 kidnapping.
In late 2008, Fung was sent on her second assignment to Afghanistan, based out of the Canadian military base at Kandahar.
On October 12, while en route to a refugee camp near Kabul, she was kidnapped by armed men. Fung alerted her employer herself using her mobile phone and stated that the kidnappers were not Taliban but "bandits". Her translator and driver—two Afghan brothers named Shokoor Feroz and Qaem Feroz—were beaten and left behind by the kidnappers. Before her captors abandoned her for the last week, she was blindfolded and chained to the inside of a tiny, dark cave. Zabiullah Mujahid, a Taliban spokesman in the eastern part of the county, told The Canadian Press that another Islamist group called Hizb-e-Islami was responsible for the abduction. They were later implicated by Afghan authorities in the kidnapping and detained, though CBC publisher John Cruickshank expressed confidence in them and stated that they were worried about their conditions in prison.
The kidnapping occurred two days before the 2008 Canadian federal election, and CBC requested a press blackout while negotiations were conducted with the kidnappers, out of concern that widespread media coverage would complicate matters. Though the incident was covered in Afghan press, the blackout was honoured by all Canadian media and Fung's kidnapping remained generally unknown within Canada.
Fung was finally released on November 8, 2008 after weeks of negotiations. A spokesman for the governor of Wardak Province indicated that local tribal elders and provincial council members negotiated Fung's release and that no ransom was paid. However, it was later revealed that Afghan intelligence determined the identity of the kidnapper, abducted his family, then demanded Fung be released in a prisoner exchange.
She was interviewed about her kidnapping on November 12, 2008, by CBC Radio's Anna Maria Tremonti, in Dubai. The interview later earned Tremonti and Fung a gold medal at the 2009 New York Festivals Radio Programming and Promotion Awards.
Fung wrote the book Under an Afghan Sky about her experiences. During an interview with a columnist from The Globe and Mail, she said “I thought it might be cathartic...But it wasn’t.” On May 5, 2011, Fung was interviewed by CBC radio and CBC TV to talk about her experience and her book.

</doc>
<doc id="20126529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126529" title="Thomas Underhill">
Thomas Underhill

Thomas Underhill (1545–1591) served as Keeper of the Wardrobe of Kenilworth Castle and had charge of its contents after the castle was given by Queen Elizabeth I to her favourite Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester in 1563.
Thomas Underhill was born the son of Sir Hugh Underhill and one of Thomas Maynman's daughters in 1545 at Greenwich, London, England. Maynman served as Keeper of the Wardrobe at East Greenwich. Underhill would not only marry his daughter and have Thomas Underhill as a son, but he would go on to replace Maynman as Keeper of the Wardrobe in 1563.
That same year in 1553 Thomas Underhill assumed responsibility as Keeper of the Wardrobe at Kenilworth Castle. Kenilworth was given by Queen Elizabeth to her favourite Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester. The fact that Thomas Underhill, son of a well-regarded member of her household was sent, shows the affection Queen Elizabeth I had both for Dudley and Underhill.
During his time at Kenilworth, Thomas Underhill would witness transformation of the castle by making the north entrance the main entrance to suit the tastes of Elizabeth, and adding the Leicester building, a large apartment, and a residential block overlooking the lake.
Elizabeth visited Dudley at Kenilworth Castle several times in 1566, 1568, and 1575. The last visit is especially remembered for Elizabeth brought an entourage of several hundred people who were entertained for 19 days at a reputed cost to Dudley of £1000 per day, an amount that almost bankrupted him.
Thomas Underhill and Magdalen Amyas married in 1570 and had one son, John Edward Underhill, who was born 1574 at Kenilworth.
Famous Descendants.
John Edward Underhill (1574–1608), grandson of Hugh Underhill and son of Thomas Underhill, despite being born in England would be among Puritan exiles who left for Bergen op Zoom, The Netherlands, where he died and was buried.
Captain John Underhill, great-grandson of Hugh Underhill, would emigrate from England to The Netherlands with his family, and then from The Netherlands to the Massachusetts Bay Colony where he became a leading figure in Colonial America.
Myron Charles Taylor, America's leading industrialist, and a key diplmatic figure at the hub of many of the most important geopolitical events before, during, and after World War II. Also eighth generation descended from Captain John Underhill.
Amelia Earhart, American aviation pioneer and author famous for her mysterious disappearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20126532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126532" title="Guillaume Bottazzi">
Guillaume Bottazzi

Guillaume Bottazzi (born in 1971), French artist. 
Biography.
After his interior design classes, Guillaume Bottazzi reached Italy in 1990 to study the classical painters. At this point he decided to become an artist for his entire life.
His artworks are an overlapping of transparent layers, which create immaterial shapes. Those shapes give breath to the empowered medium. The translucent light suggests the spatial structure, often contradictory and refers to external environments. The light is the center of an uncertain space giving a strange feeling enhanced by the abstract nature of Guillaume Bottazzi’s artworks. Those art works induce the observer to progress with them and develop cognitive skills to create his own understanding of what he sees.
In 1994, he received a government grant from direction regionale des Affaires culturelles (DRAC, Regional Government) with the attribution of a government art studio. He has lived and exhibited in New York a few years in early 2000s, his work was exhibited for example in the Goldstrom Gallery and the Annex Gallery.
In the United States, his work is to be found in the William Whipple Collection of Southwest State (Minnesota) and in the Queen Shorough Collection (New-York). 
In 2004 he obtained an artist residency by the ART foundation in Tokyo.
His paintings are exhibited since 2006 at the Gallery Itsutsuji in Tokyo.
This gallery has been introducing many contemporary and modern artists in Japan, it even introduced movements. Supports-surfaces for example. Claude Viallat, Louis Cane, Daniel Dezeuze, Jean Pierre Pincemin and many other artists like Pierre Buraglio, Pierre Soulages, Gérard Titus-Carmel, Jean-Michel Meurice and Simon Hantaï was chiefly introduced to Japan by this gallery. The gallery is also a promoter of Japanese contemporary art (e.g. it represents Ay-O), playing a key role for quite a few leading Japanese contemporary artists.
In 2011 he made a solo show at the Miyanomori Art Museum, in Japan. This exhibition supported the earthquake and Tsunami victims in March 2011. In 2013, Guillaume Bottazzi performed his third solo show at Itsutsuji Gallery in partnership with the French Embassy in Japan. 1 2
His paintings have been exhibited in Artiscope gallery.This gallery introduced protagonists of the most important movements in the Italian art of the last decades: from Arte Povera Boetti, Paolini, Penone, Pistoletto and from Transavanguardia Chia, Clemente, Cucchi, Paladino.
Also Guillaume Bottazzi performed about forty monumental art woks, which make reference.
Some examples of site-specifics art works.
Artistic order as part of Marseille-Provence 2013, European Capital of Culture in France.
As part of Marseille-Provence 2013, European Capital of Culture, Guillaume Bottazzi realized a wide painting of 50m². MP2013 wants to give a territorial ambition to its program. This artwork takes place in La Ciotat, undergoing one of the major European renovation program. [http://vimeo.com/76526958?utm_source=email&utm_medium=clip-transcode_complete-finished-20120100&utm_campaign=7701&email_id=Y2xpcF90cmFuc2NvZGVkfGMyNGQzNjg3YjRhYzVjYjVjZDI5ZmY0MDEyMDcxYjA1NjE2fDExMjc5MzYzfDEzODEzMzE5MDE%3D TV FR3, Euronews TV, France 24 TV
Artistic order from Mori Building following the selection of the Mori Art Museum in Japan.
Following the selection of the Mori Art Museum, artworks from Guillaume Bottazzi have been
incorporated into the new high-rise building Ark Hills Sengokuyama Mori Tower, in Tokyo.
Artistic order from Miyanomori Art Museum in Japan.
Guillaume Bottazzi realized a 900 meters square monumental and permanent painting on all the facades of the Miyanomori Art Museum [http://miyanomori-art.jp/]. 
Artistic order from the city of Nice in France.
Guillaume Bottazzi realized an artwork of 200m². We can see it from the rail station, from Reine Jeanne Street, from Trachel square and from the speed way. 6
Artistic order from the city of Tokyo and from Mori Art Museum in Japan.
Guillaume Bottazzi an artwork of 99 m² in the center of Tokyo. 
Organized by: Tokyo Metropolitan Government, Tokyo Metropolitan Foundation of History and Culture, the National Art Center, Tokyo, 
Suntory Museum of Art, Tokyo Midtown and Mori Art Museum.
Artistic order in Villeurbanne, France.
On the protected heritage of the skyscraper of Villeurbanne, Guillaume Bottazzi realized a 16 m² artwork. This artwork underlines the skyscraper verticality and symmetry.
Artistic order from French Ministry of Culture in Vitrolles, France.
Guillaume Bottazzi realized a 130 m² artwork. National Education, partner in the project, incorporates it into its programming.
Artistic order in Lyon, France.
Guillaume Bottazzi realized a painting of 180 m². TLM TV
Artistic order in Béziers, France.
It is a 3 000m² mural painting on eight faces of two buildings.
TV FR3
Artistic order from French Ministry of Culture in Clermont-Ferrand, France.
Guillaume Bottazzi realized a 156 m² artwork on an industrial protected heritage. TV FR3

</doc>
<doc id="20126550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126550" title="Aycliffe railway station">
Aycliffe railway station

Aycliffe railway station served the village of Aycliffe in County Durham, England. The railway station was served by trains on the main line between Darlington and Durham.
History.
Opened by the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway, and then the North Eastern Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Eastern Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by British Railways.
The site today.
Trains still pass at speed on the now electrified East Coast Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20126553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126553" title="V8 Hotstox">
V8 Hotstox

V8 Hotstox is a British stock car racing formula that races on British short oval racing circuits. Drivers are members of the British Stock Car Drivers Association (BSCDA) and are affiliated to the British Stock Car Racing Association (BriSCA). V8 Hotstox have also previously been known as V8 Stock Cars.
Hotstox Racing.
Hotstox race at various venues in the UK. The tracks feature different surfaces such as shale, tarmac and concrete. The tracks all feature two straightaway's and two turns to form an oval. The oval is surrounded by a safety barrier constructed of Armoco, concrete, steel or posts and wires. Races vary in length with heats generally being 16 laps and final's 20. Each meeting consists of 2 or 3 heats plus a final and sometimes an allcomers race often called a Grand National.
The field of cars is split into 5 groups according to experience and points. Novices are graded 'White' and must have a white roof. The grades asscend as more points are scored, the next grade is Yellow followed by Blue, Red and Super Star grade. The Super Star grade have red roof's with amber flashing lights and are the most experienced drivers. Super Stars must start each race (aside from special championships) at the back of the field. Novices (White tops) start at the front followed by each grade.
Drivers may use force to pass the car in front to gain position. The winner is the first driver to complete race distance. The contact element is what attracts drivers and fans alike and requires great skill in delivering and withstanding the hits that are part and parcel of Hotstox racing.
History.
1984 Humble Beginnings.
Hotstox was a concept developed by then promoter of the now defunct Long Eaton Stadium - Keith Barber. Barber also edited and produced the premier Stock Car publication Stock Car Magazine (SCM). It was in the pages of SCM in 1983 that Barber outlined the idea of a budget contact racing formula as an alternative to BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars. The rules were influenced heavily by Stock Cars that Barber had seen in New Zealand. The New Zealand cars featured 'Stock' bodies and small capacity engines. Barber derived the name Hotstox from a formula that he had seen in South Africa during a visit in the 1960s.
Early Hotstox rules allowed a basic ladder chassis construction with power provided by a Rover V8 or Ford V6. Suspension was restricted to leaf spring arrangements with strictly standard shock absorbers - rules which exist to this day. Stock bodies from production road cars were to be used and although the first constructed Hotstox featured such bodies, it became clear that creating a stock bodied car was not practical as the time taken to fabricate them proved both time consuming and costly.
The first cars constructed were built by Paul Lomax and Dennis Howell. Lomax's car featured a Ford Fiesta body. Demonstration races began taking place - mainly at Long Eaton with the first meeting proper running at Long Eaton in April 1984. 
6 cars contested the races at the first meeting. The pioneering drivers being #69 Paul Lomax, 7 Nigel Parker, 8 Ron Poyser, 50 Graham Bird, 58 Steve Booth and 99 Jack Eyres in the Lomax prototype. Although Dennis Howell constructed one of the first cars, he never went on to race a Hotstox. The first ever race was won by Nigel Parker who also took the feature final. The 2nd heat race was won by Graham Bird. A month later, the 2nd meeting took place at Long Eaton where two more competitors appeared: 3 Pete Clinch and 68 Alf Lomax (cousin of Paul). The race results were exactly as at the first meeting with Parker winning the 1st heat and final and Bird taking the 2nd heat.
Grids of up to 15 cars began to appear and meetings were staged at other venues: Scunthorpe, Coventry, Rochdale and Northampton. The first National Championship was held at Long Eaton and was won by 3 Pete Clinch with a 3 Litre V6 Ford – and the Points Champion was Nigel Parker. By season’s end, 19 meetings had been raced plus 1 demo (Coventry).
1985 2nd Season.
Having had a successful first season, it was clear that some organising would be required. Kath Lomax (wife of Paul) had been given the task of implementing a points structure and assumed the role of press officer, fixture planner and other behind the scenes assignments.
Keith Barber had constructed a new Hotstox based upon 1950s pioneer racer Harold 'Bozzy' Bosworth's Model B Ford Stock Car. The racer would be given away as a prize in a competition run by Barber's Stock Car Magazine. The winner, Barry Tempest (present day BSCDA Secretary) raced it only twice - blowing the engine both times before selling the car back to builder Barber.
The relative success of the fledgling Hotstox formula garnered interest and criticism from the British Stock Car Drivers Association (BSCDA) who saw the new budget Hotstox formula as a threat to the popular F1 Stock Car division. Fixtures were harder to come by due to BSCDA pressure. The fixture list ran from month to month with last minute meetings added in or cancelled. Long Eaton was the only promotion to guarantee their meetings. Still, 27 meetings took place : LE 9, Scunthorpe 6, Cleethorpes 4, Belle Vue 3, NiR 2 and Boston, Crewe and Skegness 1 each. Nigel Parker retained his Points Championship and added a British Championship to his trophy cabinet. The Nationals was taken once again by Pete Clinch. 27 drivers had raced. Notable additions to the formula included 96 Pete Morris, 24 John Gibson, 17 Andy Hulse, 72 Mike Dignan and 88 Graham Mellor.
1986 - 3rd Season.
1986 really should have seen the formula hit the big time but, meetings were still hard to come by with just 19 definite fixtures including sessions at Barrow in Furness. Despite a much bigger driver base of 51 registered, attendances averaged around the 20 mark. Much publicity was gained when ex 1981 F1 World Champion Len Wolfenden joined the ranks.
In August the Hotstox traveled east to Mildenhall. It was there that Kath Lomax began discussions with Spedeworth representatives about the possibility of the Hotstox and Spedeworth F1 formula racing together. 
In September, 13 drivers made the trip to the Isle of Man to race for the 1st Manx TT Trophy. Winner of the Championship was 190 Len Wolfenden. A round up of the Championships saw 69 Paul Lomax take the Nationals at Long Eaton, The British at Belle Vue and the Points Championship to boot. 32 meetings were staged : LE 11, Belle Vue 6, Skegness 4, Cleethorpes 4, Barrow and Rochdale 2 each and NiR, Mildenhall and Aycliffe 1 a piece.
1987 Spedeworth.
With gaps appearing in the fixture list and following on from the initial Spedeworth contact made at Mildenhall in 1986, the Hotstox journeyed south to Wimbledon Stadium, Plough Lane, London in April 1987 for an historic first meeting racing against the Spedeworth F1’s. Paul Lomax scored two heat wins and the meeting was heralded as a complete success. A month later 19 Hotstox traveled to the capital and took on 25 Spedeworth F1’s again receiving much praise for both sides. 
The first ever solo Hotstox meeting took place at Long Eaton on the 20th June. This was a real mile stone for a formula that was less than 3 years old, going from nothing to a meeting dedicated to the formula. This also marked the appearance of some Spedeworth F1’s first venture on to a BriSCA shale track. The British Championship was held at Belle Vue in September where rumours of Stock Car Racing legend Stuart Smith's appearance at the wheel of a spare Lomax car were proved right. However, even Smith could not stop Len Wolfenden from walking away with the silverware. Not content with that, Wolfenden went to Wimbledon a month later and brought home the Spedeworth version. The Nationals saw Paul Lomax successfully defend his title at Long Eaton in November and also go on to win the points. The meetings were shared by : Long Eaton 10, Belle Vue 6, Wimbledon 3, Boston 3, Northampton 2, Hartlepool 2, Aycliffe 2, Skegness 2 with Scunthorpe and Crewe 1 each. There were over 70 active drivers by season’s end.
1988 Continued Growth.
The Spedeworth connection continued with Hotstox racing at Ipswich's Foxhall Heath stadium, Wisbech's South Brink and Plough Lane Wimbledon. The Hotstox also debuted at Buxton's High Edge Raceway and after 2 years of trying, secured 2 dates at Birmingham Wheels which proved to become one of the most successful tracks for the Hotstox. The annual visit to the Isle of Man saw Paul Lomax crowned as Manx Champion to which he added the British and Points Championships. The Nationals went to 96 Pete Morris at Long Eaton which led the fixtures list with 10 meetings, Scunthorpe 5, Aycliffe, Crewe & Northampton with 4, Skegness 3, Sheffield, Birmingham, and Boston 2 and Buxton chipping in with 1 each.
1989 The Finest Hour.
1989 was probably the Hotstox finest year. As in the previous season, another bumper influx of Ministox youth joined the ranks with Steve Hodgson, Lisa Harter, Andy Smith and Andy Turner stepping up from the junior division. Turner won the season opener with a final victory at Buxton. Richard Ainsworth made the move from F1 to Hotstox as did John Cayzer. Both Ainsworth and Cayzer debuted a Hotstox version of their F1’s with Cayzer also building an identical sister car to his own for near neighbour Ms. Harter. 
Another event under threat, but for totally different reasons, was that of the Manx Championship. The ferry company had hiked their prices up but relented eventually and the trip to the Isle of Man went ahead with Pete Morris taking the Manx Sword home. 
The highest ever turnout of 49 Hotstox at Long Eaton’s May meeting was topped by season’s end with 53 at the same venue. The Spedeworth connection was kept alive with Paul and Alf Lomax, Keith Chambers, Pete Morris and Lisa Harter all making the trip to Ipswich for the Spedeworth British which was won by Spedeworth driver, the late Terry O’Connor. There followed a meeting at Wisbech which featured separate events for both Hotstox and Spedeworth F1’s. Both raced for their own versions of the East Anglian Championship before a joint allcomers race which turned into a demolition derby. The winner of the East Anglian Championship was Jon Maw who tragically lost his life later the same year. Jon is remembered to this day with the running of the Jon Maw memorial trophy.
In what was a year heavily dominated by ex ministox drivers, only the experienced Richard Ainsworth was able to keep the young guns away from all of the silverware as he took the National Points. Andy Hodgson won the Nationals, Keith Chambers won the British and Ray Witts took the Northern and Midland. The Manx Championship was won by Pete Morris.
Sadly, Aycliffe closed its doors after having hosted 5 Hotstox meetings in 1989, Long Eaton again topped out with 11, Buxton, Birmingham and Scunthorpe weighed in with 5 each with Hartlepool and Mildenhall staging 2 apiece. 
A young Andrew Smith debuted late in the season but suffered engine problems.
1990 BriSCA.
1990 saw yet more new names enter the sport. Jim Bamford, Mick Rogers, Brandon Marlow, Mark Ford, Elliot Smith (son of ex F1 hard charger Gordon Smith) and ex Ministocker Billy Johnson. The youngsters again dominated Hotstox racing with Andy Smith doing very well early on in the season. As in 1989, it was Richard Ainsworth who was able to keep the young blood behind him to set the pace for the points chase. 
2 meetings on Spedeworth turf at Wisbech were run again as separate events from the Spedeworth F1’s. One of the events being the English Championship won by 272 Andy Hodgson. 
Initial approaches were made by BriSCA to the Hotstox Association (HSA) to engage in a loose association.
Back on track, the Hotstox raced at Bradford for the first time, Keith Chambers took the Manx Championship, Ray Witts successfully defended his Northern and Midland title and Richard Ainsworth took the British, The Nationals and the Points Championship.
1991 Andy Smith Emergence.
Amongst the new names to sign up were Neil Stuchbury, Jason Pursey, Warwick Ellis, Paul Heath, Stu Fellows, Paul Davies and Guy Parker. Shortly after the season kicked off, Paul Lomax announced his retirement, although he would remain involved with the sport.
The association with Spedeworth had now faded after an incident involving Phil Haigh and Spedeworth driver Jason Holden during the previous season. Haigh had also joined the HSA committee during the winter. 
Stoke appeared on the fixture list for the first time and the battle for the points was a hot one as Ainsworth led but only just from Andy Smith and Witts. Phil Haigh took his first major title when he won the English Championship. Keith Chambers took the British and also successfully defended his Manx title as did Ray Witts when he retained the Northern and Midland remarkably the only driver to have won that particular title at the time. Ainsworth still led the points but in late July he broke his arm and had to sit out the rest of the season. This left the door open for Witts and Smith to fight for the points. 
The Nationals at Long Eaton attracted the season’s biggest attendance – the biggest ever with 55 cars. The title went to Andy Smith.
1992 Andy Smith Banned.
During 1991, joint F1 / Hotstox meetings were run - successfully. However, The HSA raised concerns over some tracks that failed to provide sufficient track staff. 1992 would feature more joint F1/Hotstox meetings but there were still issues between the HSA and BriSCA. Most notably the loss of some dates which meant a very successful Whites and Yellows championship series would be reduced from 15 to just 9 rounds. The argument from Kath Lomax was that the series helped encourage new drivers into the formula.
New drivers for ’92 included Chris Lloyd, Glen Pursey and Paul Fantom. Richard Ainsworth was back to take on Witts and Smith but also had to contend with Gary Monk and Elliot Smith who both made Superstar early in the season.
The major talking point in 1992 and possibly ever since, was the debut of a new car at Hednesford on April 12. The car in question is probably the most famous Hotstox ever. Its builder has often been accused of being responsible for the near extinction of the Hotstox formula. Andy Smith takes up the story “I had run Ray Witts close in the ‘91 points and decided to build a new car for ’92. I had spent a lot of time around the F1 scene and gathered a lot of ideas for the car. One of them was offset. No one had actually used a lot of offset and I soon realised that to get the engine over to the inside of the chassis, I needed to get it lower too. A lot of the other cars had massive cabs, mine featured a much smaller cab and my car was the first to feature spring boxes for weight jacking. It was a rush to get it ready for Hednesford and I’d had no help from my dad until right at the last minute when I was struggling to get the car finished in time. We managed to get it down to Hednesford the day before for some practice but that didn’t go too well as we had a misfire. We managed to cure that and make it to Hednesford the next day. I really didn’t know how well the car would go but it went like a rocket !. I won heat, Final and GN from the lap handicap, it just flew. The car was then weighed and found to be underweight and I was banned for 3 or 4 meetings and had my points and prize money taken away. It was a genuine mistake, I’d rushed to get the car done and didn’t even consider the weight. What made it worse was that they had weighed some cars the previous week and found some cars under and overweight but had let them go as long as the drivers put it right for the next meeting. I totally agree that I should have had my points and money taken off me but I can’t help but think that they had been harsh with me.”
A week later, Phil Haigh had heavily fenced Rob Maw but a disciplinary committee could find no evidence of a deliberate fencing but warned Haigh of his behavior. Haigh was at first seen as an entertainer, his forceful style together with his role as a self-appointed enforcer or ‘Equaliser’ as he liked to be known had drawn complaints from a lot of drivers with whom he had had vendettas. He tended to champion the underdog and pursue those who had expensive cars or big budgets. He soon became hard to control especially as he was by then a committee member. His car was weighed at Birmingham and found to be overweight. He argued that it was the scrutineer who had not weighed the car correctly or the scales which were faulty. He was once asked to tidy the appearance of his car, his reply was to turn up at the next meeting having wallpapered it. Kath Lomax saw Haigh as a threat to the integrity of the formula who single handedly drew as much time and resources from the committee than anything else. Her view was that if Haigh could not control his behaviour then he should be banned from the formula. It was a view that many shared but many did not feel strong enough to take a stance against as each time Haigh managed to dodge any disciplinary action.
Following this chain of events, both Haigh and Smith resigned from the committee. In July at Buxton, Haigh had deliberately fenced Nigel Parker in one of the heat races. During the Final, Keith Chambers put Haigh in so hard that it brought the fence down. The race was halted whilst the fence was repaired. This enabled Haigh to make repairs to his car and he came back out on track. Chambers duly ran Haigh back in again, bringing the fence down once more. Buxton promoter Barry Watson immediately withdrew his race dates until this issue was resolved. Chambers received a ban and was fined for his actions. No action was taken against Haigh.
A letter from BriSCA had been sent to the Hotstox drivers informing them that BriSCA no longer wished to be involved with the Hotstox as long as Kath Lomax was part of the organisation. Whether this stance was in support of Phil Haigh or as a direct reply to Kath Lomax’s continued requests for proper treatment of the Hotstox at various tracks or because she resisted joining BriSCA is unclear. The Lomax’s regrettably resigned from a formula they had been involved with for nearly 10 years. The whole committee then stood down and BriSCA requested that the Hotstox form a Board of Control to enable an easier integration into BriSCA. Plain and simply, BriSCA did not wish to work with Kath Lomax any longer and Kath honorably stood aside. The new committee was led by Hans Kirimaa.
Back to the racing it was Richard Ainsworth who fairly comfortably beat Witts and Andy Smith for the National Points whilst the Eaton brothers claimed their first titles – the British went to Mark and Jon took the Nationals held for the first time away from ‘home’ (Long Eaton) at Skegness. A new championship – The European Gold Cup – was Andy Smith’s swansong as he announced his departure from Hotstox: “I came into Hotstox because I wanted to. I never even considered doing F1 as I just didn’t see me being able to afford it. The ban gave me the push to want to do F1’s and I built a Hotstox for Jason Pursey as well as selling my two to get enough money together to build an F1.”
1993 - 94 The Dark Years.
Following the Lomax resignation, the formula began to decline. A new Board of Control was formed but failed to regain the initiative. By the end of 1993, top drivers Phil Haigh and Elliott Smith retired and Richard Ainsworth blew one too many engines and decided to call it a day and Keith Chambers moved on to F1 taking Nigel Parker with him as chief mechanic. Ray Witts took the British, Nationals and National Points Championships. 
In 1994 Talks with Spedeworth once again were entered into as both divisions struggled to put cars on track in large numbers. Visiting Hotstox drivers raced at Wimbledon against the Spedeworth F1's with Ray Witts winning the Spedeworth British Championship on another visit to Wimbledon. 244 Mick Rogers took his first Nationals title at Birmingham but could not stop Ray Witts from taking the Hotstox British Championship and National Points.
1995 - 1999 Spedeworth revisited.
1995 brought a name change for the Hotstox in an attempt to change the image and appeal to attract new drivers. The new moniker – V8 Stock Cars – was adopted. The Spedeworth F1’s also chose to adopt the new name as the two divisions grew closer. By seasons end, Spedeworth driver 98 Peter Scott had won the British away from home at Birmingham and Andy Turner had taken the Nationals and National Points. Witts had by then succumbed to the draw of F1 and faded from the V8 scene to construct something special for his F1 debut. 
By 1996, a core of around 20 drivers kept up appearances. There were more names on the register but regulars were hard to come by. Meetings were also hard to come by with Buxton becoming the supportive crutch. Barry Watson also ventured on track in an ex Elliott Smith car in an effort to boost car numbers but it was a struggle to get above 20 cars at most meetings and it tended to be the same 20 or less each meeting although visiting Spedeworth drivers did help increase numbers when they travelled. Andy Turner retained his Nationals title but had to give best to 244 Mick Rogers who took the British and the Points.
The ties between the V8’s and the Spedeworth V8’s were worked on for the 1997 season. Both parties were keen to work on a unified fixture list but separate championships still existed even though both divisions raced for each other's championships. With more travelling by both sets of drivers, both divisions gained car numbers. The 97 British title was won by 58 Terry O’Connor, the Spedeworth National title saw a novice graded Hotstox driver 313 Dave Hobbs take the win on a wet night at Wimbledon. Mick Rogers won the World Final (renamed to avoid a title clash with the Spedeworth Nationals) at Buxton. The race was a bruising affair for some of the Spedeworth visitors who fell victim to one or two Northern V8’s. 98 Peter Scott was a big threat who was fenced heavily by 45 John Adams to help ensure the title stayed North.
Andy Turner moved on to F1’s. 334 Dave Atkinson campaigned the ex Ray Witts tarmac car and quietly worked his way to a National points title over Mick Rogers.
For the first time, the fixture list would officially involve Spedeworth ran tracks. The 1998 Points Championship was unified and nationalised with drivers from the North and South racing for the same titles. The problem was that neither division fully committed to each other's fixtures. The only tracks that really fully benefited were Wimbledon, Northampton and Birmingham. They generally attracted 5 or 6 ‘away’ drivers per meeting. Another problem was that Spedeworth did not at that time publish a full years racing schedule. They tended to run to a three month fixture list which produced problems for the V8’s as some Spedeworth dates clashed with the confirmed dates as published before the season started. As a result, both divisions failed to gain car numbers as both chose to race ‘at home’. 
Following the 1997 World Final, the racing between the two divisions had become a little tense. Matters were made worse when the Spedeworth drivers refused to fit restrictor plates on their engines. Generally, the racing was fairly even but on a dry track, the Spedeworth cars had a definitive power advantage. Some of the Northern V8’s were becoming discouraged and matters would only get worse as the season wore on. A real ‘them or us’ war was simmering away. The war would reach the surface at the Spedeworth Ipswich staged World Final. The first time the Northern V8’s stood the chance of losing their own title. Come the night, the Northern V8’s arrived in force only to be told that only two races had been planned by the promotion. With the threat of an en masse load up, the promotion relented and gave the drivers a third race with the World Final as race one. Mick Rogers started on pole and made a good start. As the race wore on, the rest of the Northern challenge fell by the wayside leaving Rogers to fend off the Spedeworth challenge. Some unnecessary race stoppages compounded Rogers’ problems and eventually he was overhauled as 594 Marty Page took the title South. The rest of the evenings programme became a heavy affair as the Northern drivers sought their revenge with 113 Neil Stuchbury in the thick of the action. It would be the very last time the North and South would race together as the joint venture was abandoned.
It was during the 1999 season that the idea of introducing the 350 Chevy in standard form was once again tabled in an attempt to keep costs down and attract new drivers. The major concerns apart from the additional weight were policing the ‘standard’ Chevy with so many aftermarket parts available plus displeasing the F1 BSCDA who might have thought the Chevy was a bit too close to their territory. The V8 BoC were split with the anti Chevy supporters proposing the introduction of the 3.9 and 4.2 Rover engines in standard form. The drivers were given the choice and by a narrow margin chose the Rover option. 
One major event which happened completely by surprise during 1999 was the V8’s racing on the hallowed shale of Coventry Stadium. Promoter Martin Ochiltree had cancelled another formula after learning of their short numbers and approached the V8’s to fill in. In short notice, 20 odd V8’s were assembled and put on a decent display. As a result, one further date was offered later in the season and a promise of further dates for 2000.
2000 Stuart Smith Jnr.
The millennium was to be a fairly pivotal year. Low car numbers had plagued the formula for a number of seasons and at times it had been a real struggle to rectify the situation. At least once the drivers had been read the riot act – turn up or face extinction.
Two things helped the V8’s turn a corner. The first was a committed string of dates at Coventry as support to the F1’s and the second came from Rochdale, lancs.
Stuart Smith Jnr. was offered an old Hotstox chassis by sister in law Lisa Harter who had kept her old Cayzer car since retiring it. Stuart refurbished it and entered the V8 arena. If Andy’s last season in Hotstox was supposedly so detrimental to the formula then, Stuarts first would do nothing but good for the budget division. Stuart brought a lot of needed attention to the formula with his exploits worthy of column inches in the various racing magazines due initially to his family's racing heritage. The fact that the V8’s were now racing regularly at Coventry on the same bill as the F1’s and featuring Stuart was just the exposure the V8’s needed. Stuart managed to get an ageing car to red top in no time and he did it by being consistent. 
Mick Rogers took a clean sweep of the major titles for 2000 but Stuart found a buyer for his ancient Cayzer car and started construction of a real race winner for the 2001 season. Mick Rogers dominance had a challenger.
During 2000, the BSCDA chaired by Stuart Milnes had negotiations with some members of the V8 BoC to discuss the V8’s joining the BSCDA. The drivers were offered the choice and the majority voted on a union. After a number of years in the red, the V8’s were now looking at a brighter future.
2001 - 2002 Smith V Rogers.
2001 featured a season long battle between Rogers and Smith. Smith took the Nationals at Buxton and followed that up with the National Points which came a bit easier as Rogers broke his ankle playing football with his son in the back yard and had to miss the last 4 meetings of the season. Stuart wrapped the points up at the last meeting to cap a great season for him and the V8’s. Hotstox returnee Mick Greenwood captured the British Championship. Once more the V8’s had begun to attract new drivers and car numbers steadily rose. 
2002 was round two of Smith versus Rogers. Smith was robbed of a World Final at Belle Vue when a lap scoring error had wiped out the lead he had built up and this allowed Rogers to close and pass to take the title. Somewhat dejected, Smith made sure of his second National Points before a move into F1’s with a young Chris Cowley the new owner of the Smith car. 575 Darren Cottrill captured his first major with a victory in the British Championship.
2003 - Present.
After Stuart had brought so much good publicity to the V8’s, his departure left a bit of a hole. 131 Kevin Stuchbury helped to fill the void and took on Rogers for the Points Championship. The British Championship was taken by a young driver who had been racing below par machinery for a couple of seasons before getting serious with a new construction. Chris Fort had grown up around the Wainman’s in Silsden and learned his trade in a car nicknamed Frankenstockcar or the ‘Bye Bye Now’ special (so-called because of that slogan painted very firmly tongue in cheek on the back of the car). Rogers took the World Final at Northampton but had to give best to Stuchbury who took the Points title at the last meeting.
Mick Rogers served the Hotstox for many years and enjoyed a lot of success especially towards the end of his Hotstox career. A birthday present in the shape of a run out in Paul Hines' spare F1 at an end of season 2005 Birmingham Wheels was all the carrot needed and Mick’s cars were offered for sale in readiness for a career move into F1’s. Before Mick moved on, he claimed a seventh Nationals title and a fifth National Points in 2004.
As has been the trend for the Hotstox, one or two drivers have tended to dominate and with Rogers’ departure, Chris Fort took on the mantle of top man. Chris claimed his first Nationals title at Sheffield in 2005 and backed it up with a National Points Championship. Fort made it back to back titles in 2006 with the British to make it a clean sweep. Fort then pursued a career in F1’s to allow Kevin Stuchbury to take over at the top. Kevin going on to take all three majors in 2007 and the World and National Points in 2008. 161 Mark Allen took his career first title when he won the British Championship re run at Coventry’s April session. A full list of the major title winners appears for the first time ever in any publication. It took a lot of research to compile the list but it’s all there (see below). 
Currently, the Hotstox – having reverted to the original name – are enjoying a resurgence. Car numbers are topping thirty on a regular basis and a tighter grip on the organisation and regulations are helping the formula to grow. If there can be any lessons learned from doing the research on the history of the Hotstox it is that with proper organisation and a willingness to listen to the drivers, the formula can flourish. It very nearly failed and more than a few people have tried to take more than they have given.
With so many drivers having moved on from Hotstox to have excellent careers in F1, it has proved to be a highly successful training ground. Frankie Wainman has said on more than one occasion that the Hotstox should be treated as a stepping stone from Ministox to F1.
The Hotstox celebrated 25 years in 2009, not bad for a formula that someone once labelled ‘a bunch of enthusiastic triers’.
New Zealand link.
In 2006 links were established with the promoter of Paradise Valley Speedway in Rotorua, New Zealand - Sonja Hickey. Two Hotstox drivers travelled to Rotorua to participate in the 'World of Stocks' in April 2007. Chris Fort and Stuart Milnes raced borrowed cars for the Championship with Fort acquitting himself well. In August 2007, 3 New Zealand drivers - Paul Maybe, Clive Pritchard and Scott Gallopp - raced in the Hotstox World Final meeting (Maybe and Pritchard also raced in the World Final itself whilst Gallopp only contested the rest of the programme) at King's Lynn. Maybe ran 3rd for a large part of the race before mechanical failure relegated him down the field.
April 2008 saw Hotstox drivers Matt Smith, Marc Radforth and Darren Cottrill race in New Zealand with Radforth performing well and Cottrill managing to roll his car. Kiwi drivers racing in the UK were Nick Vallance, Alan and Graham McRobbie. Alan McRobbie scored two wins at his one and only UK race meeting - no mean feat.
In March 2009 Mark Allen and Steve Bowman travelled to Rotorua, North Island, New Zealand to represent the UK. Drivers from New Zealand represented their country in the UK also with Scott Fredrickson competing at many meetings throughout the summer and recording race wins including a feature final at Coventry. Scott was joined by Dale Stewart and Doug Stanaway for the 2009 V8 Hotstox World Final although all three recorded a DNF (Did Not Finish).
In 2010 Ivan Pritchard and the then current V8 Hotstox World Champion Chris Fort represented the UK at the World of Stocks event at Rotorua's Paradise Valley Speedway, New Zealand. During their stay, Fort recorded a win - the first UK representative from the V8 Hotstox formula to do so. The New Zealand representative for the 2010 World Final at Buxton on 1st Aug 2010 was Shaun Stewart. Stewart recorded a DNF after suffering an arm injury during the race and took no further part in the meeting.
In March 2011 Chris Bracher - 2010 World Champion - represented the UK at the Rotorua staged World of Stocks event where he managed to finish just one race out of three in 25th place. His 4 point haul bringing him home in last position. Winner of the event - Scott Fredrickson - looks set to represent New Zealand in the UK at the Belle Vue staging of the V8 Hotstox World Final in September.
The Tracks.
Currently, the Hotstox can be seen at the following venues in the UK :
Notable Drivers.
Notable ex and current Hotstox drivers include :

</doc>
<doc id="20126567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126567" title="Pine Tier Dam">
Pine Tier Dam

The Pine Tier Dam is a gravity dam built in Tasmania, Australia in 1953. It has a height of 40 metres and a crest length of 195 metres. The total volume of the dam wall is 77,000 cubic metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20126590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126590" title="United States Senate election in Indiana, 1994">
United States Senate election in Indiana, 1994

The 1994 United States Senate election in Indiana was held on November 8, 1994. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Richard Lugar was re-elected to a fourth term.
Results.
By county.
Lugar won 91 of Indiana's 92 counties, Jontz won only the Democratic stronghold of Lake County.

</doc>
<doc id="20126617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126617" title="Mario Pérez Saldivar">
Mario Pérez Saldivar

Mario Pérez Saldivar (born March 13, 1939) is a retired long-distance runner from Mexico. He won the gold medal in the men's 5.000 metres event at the 1970 Central American and Caribbean Games, and competed for his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20126633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126633" title="Olavi Ojanperä">
Olavi Ojanperä

Arvo Kalle Olavi Ojanperä (born October 27, 1921) is a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won the bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at Helsinki in 1952. He was born in Tyrvää.

</doc>
<doc id="20126647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126647" title="Radio Italia Solo Musica Italiana">
Radio Italia Solo Musica Italiana

Radio Italia Solo Musica Italiana is an Italian music radio station based in Cologno Monzese, Italy, entirely devoted to Easy listening Italian music and is the first to do it in Italy.
Overview.
Founded in 1982 by the Italian musician and composer Mario Volanti, in 1990 was the most listened commercial radio in Italy.
In 1996 expand its coverage using the satellite. In 1997 launch its website and since November 12, 2002 start to stream with Windows Media.
Besides FM in Italy, Albania, France, Switzerland, DTT and DAB (only in Italy), cable radio (only in Switzerland) and Free to Air on Hotbird 8, is also available on SKY Italia and Dish Network.
In 2007 had 3.776.000 average listeners in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20126659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126659" title="Sheila Maid">
Sheila Maid

A Sheila Maid, sometimes Sheila's Maid, is the British name for a ceiling mounted clothes and laundry airer. In the North of England it is often known as a creel, and in United States as a Kitchen Maid.
The airer consists of a rack with several horizontal wooden rails, usually 4 to 7, known as laths, with two rack ends, originally cast iron. The rack ends are brackets that separate the laths and also act as points to secure the cords that raise and lower the unit. Cords go from the metal tether points to pulleys mounted on the ceiling, and then to a cleat mounted on the wall.
The defining feature of this airer is its pulley system. The airer is lowered to be loaded or unloaded, then raised to move the items up into warmer air and as out of the way of room occupants as the ceiling height allows. 

</doc>
<doc id="20126671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126671" title="Handsworth Wood railway station">
Handsworth Wood railway station

Handsworth Wood railway station was a railway station in Handsworth Wood, Birmingham, England, on the London and North Western Railway's rail link between the Chase Line and the West Coast Main Line. The station operated between 1896 and 1941, and like neighbouring station Soho Road, closed during the Second World War. as a result of decreasing use by passengers who possibly found the new 16 bus route more convenient.
The station site lies in a cutting through Handsworth Park, adjacent to St. Mary's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20126673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126673" title="Saturn MP transmission">
Saturn MP transmission

The Saturn MP Transmission were a series of 5-speed manual and 4-speed automatic transmissions that were manufactured by Saturn Corporation exclusively for the S-Series. They were designed for transverse engine applications and was deployed in vehicles that output up to 122 ft·lbf of engine torque.
Manual Transmissions.
MP2.
Gear ratios
Applications
MP3.
Gear ratios
Applications
Automatic Transmissions.
MP6.
Gear ratios
Applications
MP7.
Gear ratios
Applications

</doc>
<doc id="20126679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126679" title="Glyntraian">
Glyntraian

Glyntraian (Welsh, more correctly Glyntraean) is a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales.
The parish of Glyntraian, lying at the mouth of the Ceiriog Valley, was formed when the ancient parish of Llangollen was divided into three "traeanau" ("traean/traian" being the Welsh for "third"): Llangollen Traean, Trefor Traean, and Glyn Traean - which became known as Glyntraian.
It contained the historic townships of Cilcochwyn, Crogeniddon, Crogenwladus, Erwallo, Hafodgynfor, Nantygwryd, Pennant and Talygarth.
Today, Glyntraian contains the villages of Dolywern, Llechrydau, Llwynmawr and Pontfadog; it is governed by Glyntraian Community Council (), which replaced Glyntraian Parish Council under the Local Government Act 1972. At the 2001 Census, the community area had a total population of 878.

</doc>
<doc id="20126680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126680" title="1979 Intertoto Cup">
1979 Intertoto Cup

In the 1979 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into eight groups of four teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20126705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126705" title="FERET (facial recognition technology)">
FERET (facial recognition technology)

The Facial Recognition Technology (FERET) program was sponsored by The US Department of Defense (DoD) Counterdrug Technology Development Program Office. The goal of the FERET program was to develop automatic face recognition capabilities that could be employed to assist security, intelligence, and law enforcement personnel in the performance of their duties. The program consisted of three major elements:
The goal of the sponsored research was to develop face recognition algorithms. The FERET database was collected to support the sponsored research and the FERET evaluations. The FERET evaluations were performed to measure progress in algorithm development and identify future research directions. 
History.
The FERET program started in September 1993, with Dr. P. Jonathon Phillips, Army Research Laboratory, Adelphi, Maryland, serving as technical agent. Initially, the FERET program consisted of three phases, each one year in length. The goals of the first phase were to establish the viability of automatic face recognition algorithms and to establish a performance baseline against which to measure future progress. The goals of phases 2 and 3 were to further develop face recognition technology. After the successful conclusion of phase 2, the DoD Counterdrug Technology Development Program Office initiated the FERET demonstration effort. The goals of this effort were to port FERET evaluated algorithms to real-time experimental/demonstration systems.
FERET-Sponsored Algorithm Development Research.
The FERET program was initiated with a broad agency announcement (BAA). Twenty-four proposals were received and evaluated jointly by DoD and law enforcement personnel. The winning proposals were chosen based on their advanced ideas and differing approaches. Five algorithm development contracts were awarded. The organizations and principal investigators selected were:
For phase 2, MIT, TASC, and USC were selected to continue development of their algorithms. The MIT and USC teams continued work on developing face recognition algorithms from still images. The TASC effort extended their approach to developing an algorithm for recognizing faces from video. The emphasis of the TASC effort was to estimate the three-dimensional shape of a face from motion and then recognize a face based on its shape. Rutgers' Phase 2 effort compared and assessed the relative merits of long-wave infrared (thermal) and visible imagery for face recognition and detection. The results of this study were presented in the paper "Comparison of visible and infrared imagery for face recognition" by J. Wilder, P. J. Phillips, C. Jiang, and S. Wiener in Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition, pages 182-187, 1996.
The FERET Database.
A standard database of face imagery was essential to the success of the FERET program, both to supply standard imagery to the algorithm developers and to supply a sufficient number of images to allow testing of these algorithms. Before the start of the FERET program, there was no way to accurately evaluate or compare facial recognition algorithms. Various researchers collected their own databases for the problems they were investigating. Most of the databases were small and consisted of images of less than 50 individuals. Notable exceptions were databases collected by three primary researchers:
The FERET program set out to establish a large database of facial images that was gathered independently from the algorithm developers. Dr. Harry Wechsler at George Mason University was selected to direct the collection of this database. The database collection was a collaborative effort between Dr. Wechsler and Dr. Phillips. The images were collected in a semi-controlled environment. To maintain a degree of consistency throughout the database, the same physical setup was used in each photography session. Because the equipment had to be reassembled for each session, there was some minor variation in images collected on different dates.
The FERET database was collected in 15 sessions between August 1993 and July 1996. The database contains 1564 sets of images for a total of 14,126 images that includes 1199 individuals and 365 duplicate sets of images. A duplicate set is a second set of images of a person already in the database and was usually taken on a different day.
For some individuals, over two years had elapsed between their first and last sittings, with some subjects being photographed multiple times. This time lapse was important because it enabled researchers to study, for the first time, changes in a subject’s appearance that occur over a year.
The FERET Evaluations.
Before the FERET database was created, a large number of papers reported outstanding recognition results (usually >95% correct recognition) on limited-size databases (usually <50 individuals). Only a few of these algorithms reported results on images utilizing a common database, let alone met the desirable goal of being evaluated on a standard testing protocol that included separate training and testing sets. As a consequence, there was no method to make informed comparisons among various algorithms.
The FERET database made it possible for researchers to develop algorithms on a common database and to report results in the literature using this database. Results reported in the literature did not provide a direct comparison among algorithms because each researcher reported results using different assumptions, scoring methods, and images. The independently administered FERET evaluations allowed for a direct quantitative assessment of the relative strengths and weaknesses of different approaches.
More importantly, the FERET database and evaluations clarified the state of the art in face recognition and pointed out general directions for future research. The FERET evaluations allowed the computer vision community to assess overall strengths and weaknesses in the field, not only on the basis of the performance of an individual algorithm, but in addition on the aggregate performance of all algorithms tested. Through this type of assessment, the community learned in an unbiased and open manner of the important technical problems that needed to be addressed.
Three sets of evaluations were performed, with the last two evaluations being administered multiple times. See the table below for dates and groups evaluated. Algorithms developed under FERET-funding were required to participate in the FERET evaluations. Other organizations were invited to participate in the FERET evaluations, but received no funding from the FERET program to do so. These organizations were Excalibur Corp, Michigan State University, Rockefeller University, Rutgers University (Sep96 evaluation only), and University of Maryland.
The first FERET evaluation took place in August 1994, the Aug94 evaluation, and was designed to measure performance on algorithms that could automatically locate, normalize, and identify faces from a database. The test consisted of three subtests, each with a different gallery and probe set. The first subtest examined the ability of algorithms to recognize faces from a gallery of 316 individuals. The second subtest was the false-alarm test, which measured how well an algorithm rejects faces not in the gallery. The third subtest baselined the effects of pose changes on performance.
The second FERET evaluation took place in March 1995, the Mar95 evaluation. The goal was to measure progress since the initial FERET evaluation, and to evaluate these algorithms on larger galleries (817 individuals). An added emphasis of this evaluation was on probe sets that contained duplicate images, where a duplicate image was defined as an image of a person whose corresponding gallery image was taken on a different date.
The third, and final, FERET evaluations took place in September 1996, referred to as the Sep96 FERET evaluation. For the Sept96 evaluation, we designed a new evaluation protocol which required algorithms to match a set of 3323 images against a set of 3816 images. Thus, algorithms had to perform approximately 12.6 million matches. The new protocol design allowed the determination of performance scores for multiple galleries and probe sets, and perform a more detailed performance analysis. Results were reported for the following cases: (1) the gallery and probe images of a person were taken on the same day under the same lighting conditions, (2) the gallery and probe images of a person were taken on different days, (3) the gallery and probe images of a person were taken over a year apart, and (4) the gallery and probe images of a person were taken on the same day, but with different lighting conditions. There were two versions of the September 1996 evaluation. The first tested partially automatic algorithms by providing the images with the coordinates of the center of the eyes. The second tested fully automatic algorithms by providing the images only. 
Additionally, the designers of the evaluations implemented two face recognition algorithms (PCA and Correlation) to provide a baseline performance. To provide a greater understanding of face recognition algorithms, a detailed study of PCA-based recognition algorithms was performed and the results are in “Computational and Performance Aspects of PCA-based Face Recognition Algorithms” by H. Moon and P. J. Phillips, to appear in Perception, (NISTIR) soon.
Summary.
The DoD Counterdrug Technology Development Program Office began the Face Recognition (FERET) program in 1993 and sponsored it through its completion in 1998. Total funding for the program was in excess of $6.5 million.
The FERET program consisted of three major elements. First was sponsoring research that advanced facial recognition from theory to working laboratory algorithms. Many of the algorithms that took part in FERET form the foundation of today's commercial systems. Second was the collection and distribution of the FERET database, which contains 14,126 facial images of 1199 individuals. The DoD Counterdrug Technology Development Program Office still receives requests for access to the FERET database, which is currently maintained at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. The development portion of the FERET database has been distributed to over 100 groups outside the original FERET program. The final, and most recognized, part of the FERET program was the FERET evaluations that compared the abilities of facial recognition algorithms using the FERET database.
The test methods used in the FERET evaluations form the foundation of an overall biometric evaluation methodology described in “An Introduction to Evaluating Biometric Systems,” by P. J. Phillips, A. Martin, C. L. Wilson, and M. Przybocki in IEEE Computer, February, pp. 56–63, 2000. (Special issue on biometrics.) here. This evaluation methodology has been incorporated into the UK Biometrics Working Group in their "Best Practices in Testing Performance of Biometrics Devices" here. As clearly shown, the FERET program continues to have a profound effect on the facial recognition community today.
The FERET program was a highly successful effort that provided direction and credibility to the facial recognition community. We are just now beginning to uncover how important the program was during the infancy of facial recognition technology. As FERET nears the end of its transition from active program to a historical program, the DoD Counterdrug Technology Development Program takes great pride on the imprint it has left on the biometrics community, and even greater pride that the FERET ideals and evaluation methods are being used by current programs both inside the Program Office and by other Government agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="20126709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126709" title="Mike Murphy (trainer and coach)">
Mike Murphy (trainer and coach)

Michael Charles "Mike" Murphy (February 26, 1860 – June 4, 1913) was an athletic trainer and coach at Yale University (1887–1889, 1892–1896, 1901–1905), Detroit Athletic Club (1889–1892), University of Michigan (1891), Villanova University (1894), University of Pennsylvania (1896–1901, 1905–1913), and the New York Athletic Club (1890–1900). He also coached the American track athletes at the Summer Olympics in 1900, 1908, and 1912. He also spent a year in approximately 1884 as the trainer of heavyweight boxing champion John L. Sullivan.
"The Washington Post" in 1913 called Murphy "the father of American track athletics." He was considered the premier athletic trainer of his era and was said to have "revolutionized the methods of training athletes and reduced it to a science." He is credited with establishing many innovative techniques for track and field, including the crouching start for sprinters.
Early years.
Accounts concerning Murphy's youth differ. He was born in February 1860 either in Southboro, Westboro or Natick, Massachusetts. He was the son of Irish immigrants, a man "of humble birth and scant education." Murphy's father had a reputation as an athlete, and Murphy's desire as a youth was to become a great athlete. He has been variously reported to have traveled the country participating in "six-day races" at the age of 20 and to have been a boxer and a minor league baseball player. Some accounts state that he was part of the world's champion Natick Hook and Ladder racing team of the early 1880s with Keene Fitzpatrick, Steve Farrell, Pooch Donovan, Piper Donovan, Johnny Mack and Sid Peet. According to his obituary in "The Philadelphia Inquirer", "his ambition was to stand out prominently as a six-day pedestrian and at the age of eighteen he was out in the world trying to win fame and fortune on the tan bark track." Then, "after several years of grueling running indoors without anything but glory, Murphy branched out as a sprinter and baseball player."
At least one published report states that Murphy "was himself one of the greatest professional sprinters this country ever saw." Other accounts indicate that he never achieved great success as an athlete. A friend of Murphy, Pat Hurley, recalled that Murphy's days as a trainer began when Mike Finn, the fleetest professional sprinter in New England, received a letter from New Haven asking him to act as a trainer there. Finn reportedly joked to a group of athletes, "Let's send 'Stocky' Murphy." Because Murphy was not a champion among them, Finn's comments brought a "round of jeers." But Finn continued, "Never mind that, that fellow has a head on him that will get him more some day than our legs will." A Philadelphia sports writer later noted the "irony of fate" that Murpy had the talent to develop athletic prodigies though "nature did not deign to bless him with even an average physique." That writer described Murphy when the first met in 1895 as "a small, spare, even delicate-looking man, dressed in a plain suit."
Detroit Athletic Club.
As Yale gained supremacy in athletics, Murphy's fame spread, and in the fall of 1889, the Detroit Athletic Club hired him as the physical director and athletic coach for its members. Murphy remained in Detroit for three years, and while there, he developed a reputation for having a "sixth sense" in being able to spot athletic talent. His first discovery in Detroit was John Owen who went on to become the fastest sprinter in America. One newspaper account described Murphy's discovery of Owen as follows:"John Owen, a member of the club, was playing tennis one afternoon when Murphy, in his methodical way, leaned over to watch the movements of the players. The action of Owen looked promising to Murphy. 'Mr. Owen, why don't you be a sprinter?' he asked while the players were wiping off perspiration between acts. 'I?' returned Owen. 'Why, I couldn't run a lick.' But Murphy insisted, and from that seeming guess work selection of a future great was developed John Owen, the first amateur sprinter to cover one hundred yards under ten seconds. Owen's time was 9-4/5 seconds."
After Owen set the world's record of 9-4/5 seconds in the 100-yard dash, Owen focused his efforts on the 220- and 440-yard events. Murphy told the press in 1891 that he was "confident that Owen will be able to create new records for both these distances next summer." While in Detroit, Murphy also discovered Harry M. Jewett, Owen's successor as America's greatest sprinter. He also coached the father of 1912 sprinting gold medalist, Ralph Craig. When Murphy became ill in 1913, the Detroit Athletic Club presented Murphy with a touring car in gratitude for his service.
Father of American track athletics.
Fifteen intercollegiate championships with 21 teams.
In 1892, Murphy returned to Yale where he served as coach and trainer of the track team and trainer of the football team. Over the next 11 years, Murphy moved back-and-forth between Yale (1892–1896, 1901–1905) and the University of Pennsylvania (1896–1901, 1905–1913). After turning Yale into the dominant power in track and field, Murphy brought immediate success to Penn when he moved there in 1896. In his first season at Penn, the school captured the intercollegiate track championship, scoring 34 points to defeat Yale, and finished with 24.5 points. Of the 21 indoor and outdoor track teams coached by Murphy during this time, 15 of them won the intercollegiate championships—eight at Penn and seven at Yale. And on the six occasions when his teams did not finish first, they finished second on four occasions and third and fourth once each.
For his contributions during these years, "The Washington Post" in 1913 called Murphy "the father of American track athletics." He was considered "the greatest coach of track men and trainer of men in other branches of sport that America had ever known."
Champions trained by Murphy.
In addition to his success in coaching the Yale and Penn teams to championships, Murphy also developed an unparalleled reputation for finding and training individual champions. Between 1892 and 1900, he reportedly developed nearly every American track champion:"American owes to none other than 'Mike' Murphy her winning of the supremacy of track athletics from England, who, twenty years ago, was considered unbeatable on the cinder path. In the eight years intervening between 1892 and 1900, the period in which America made her most gigantic strides in track athletics, 'Mike' Murphy developed every champion of the spiked shoe in America except Hollister, of Harvard, and it was these champions developed by him that first put America on the map of the athletic world."
As of 1908, athletes coached by Murphy held 8 of the 14 recognized intercollegiate track and field records, and had also held the records in the pole vault and shot put until 1907.
In addition to his discovery of Owen in Detroit, Murphy's discovery of Maxie Long is another oft-cited example of Murphy's ability to recognize and develop raw talent. Long, who became the country's top quarter-miler, was a bicycle rider when Murphy discovered him. Murphy coaxed him into sprinting, and on seeing Long run his first spring, Murphy reportedly declared, "I have discovered a champion."
Alvin Kraenzlein was another talent developed by Murphy. When Kraenzlein began training with Murphy, he was a hurdler, but not a sprinter. Murphy trained Kraenzlein as a sprinter, and he became a champion the 100-yard dash and won an Olympic gold medal in the 60-yard dash.
Olympics.
Starting in 1890, Murphy also spent 11 consecutive summers coaching many of the country's top athletes at the New York Athletic Club's summer facilities on Travers Island. having led the American athletes to successes in international competitions during the 1890s, Murphy was selected as the coach and trainer of the American teams at the Olympics in 1900, 1908, and 1912.
1900 games in Paris.
At the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, there was no official American team, and several universities sent athletes and coaches to represent the United States. Murphy took 13 Penn athletes and others from the New York Athletic Club to Paris. The U.S. athletes won 16 of the 23 gold medals in track and field, and the Penn Olympians won 11 gold medals, 8 silver and 4 bronze. Murphy's student, Alvin Kraenzlein won four individual gold medals in the 60-meter dash, 110-meter hurdles, 200-meter hurdles, and long jump.
1908 games in London.
At the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, Murphy was placed in charge of the entire American team, not just his own Penn athletes. On the trip across the Atlantic Ocean, Murphy was always jovial, leading the men in light exercise in which the athletes were "made to feel that it was merely play." Murphy was "the life of the team," keeping the men busy "having fun all the time." On arriving in London, Murphy concluded that "the awful London fog and rain" and the crowd of athletes training at the same hours in the stadium was not ideal. Accordingly, Murphy demanded that the American team be moved to Brighton, England, where there was a "better chance to see the sun." When the team manager demurred about the expense of a move, Murphy insisted that the team would go to Brighton "if I have to pay their way." The American team dominated the track and field competition in London, winning 16 gold medals, with all other countries combined winning the remaining 11 gold medals.
After the American victory in London, newspapers credited Murphy as the man behind the dominance of American track and field athletes. One newspaper account reported:"In an effort to find a reason for the great superiority of American athletes, English sportsmen have finally concluded that this superiority is entirely due to the high development to which the Yankees have brought the science of training. This is better than to acknowledge that the manhood of Great Britain has deteriorated. The American athletes explain it by simply saying 'Mike Murphy,' for Mike is the kingpin of the profession, and every trainer in American follows as closely as he can the methods of the man who has developed more champions than any other man in the world."
When the American team returned from London, President Theodore Roosevelt hosted them at his Sagamore Hill home on Long Island, and singled out Murphy for special recognition. As U.S. Olympic Committee Chairman James Sullivan introduced Murphy to the President, Roosevelt interrupted: "We don't have to be introduced. I am might glad to see you. He is an American institution; and we are all glad to meet Mike." Upon their return, the American team also presented Murphy with a silver loving cup in gratitude for his efforts.
1912 games in Stockholm.
By the time of the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Murphy was already ill with tuberculosis, and his illness was reported to have "thrown a scare into those interested in the welfare of the American track and field team." He was nevertheless selected as the coach of the American team and accompanied the team to Stockholm with assistance from Lawson Robertson. It was reported that the long trip had an adverse effect on his health, and he died less than a year later. In Stockholm, the Americans again dominated the track and field competition, winning 16 of 32 possible gold medals, and 42 of 94 total medals.
Murphy received principal credit for the dominance of American athletes between the 1890s and the Stockholm Olympics. The praise for Murphy was so great that a backlash developed among westerners who felt that, though many of the country's greatest athletes were coming out of the Midwest, the Eastern establishment sought to heap all of the credit on Murphy. For example, during the 1912 Olympics, the Minneapolis Journal noted that Murphy was not responsible for developing Midwestern stars Jim Thorpe and Ralph Craig and wrote:"They are still at it down East, attempting to grab off the glory for the splendid work of the American athletes in the Olympic games as the personal due of Mike Murphy. ... Mike Murphy is unquestionably a great trainer, but he falls far short of deserving all the credit for the winning of the Olympic games. ... It is an injustice to other less-famed trainers to have their products blandly attributed to Murphy as some of the eastern writers, with their usual provincial complacency, are doing. Murphy is big enough and well enough known by past performances as a trainer to stand upon his own merits without having his misguided friends attempt to seize for him leaves of a bay rightfully belonging to other men."
Innovative techniques.
He was considered the premier athletic trainer of his era and was said to have "revolutionized the methods of training athletes and reduced it to a science." He is credited with establishing many innovative techniques for track and field, including the crouching start for sprinters. He is also credited with being the first man to develop the practice of strapping the tendon with adhesive tape or rubber bandages before competition, and with innovating the use of a mixture of liniment or rubbing oil in treating his athletes.
Murphy also preached the need for a pure mind and body and abolished the old attitude that athletes in training for a physical test required ale and certain stimulants "to give them the vim and make them 'go.'" He also became known for his advocacy of not over-working an athlete during training. In 1895, one of his athletes, Sweeney, set a world record in the high jump. Murphy rested Sweeney for three days before the International Games against England, and Sweeney spent most of his time in bed. When Sweeney arrived at the field on the day of the competition, "he was so full of ginger he could hardly stand still" and set a world record. Another writer emphasized Murphy's recognition in his training regimen that an athlete is a human:"He is the originator of the now generally accepted belief that an athlete is a human. Under his system the old idea of athletes being steamed and worked like mules was banished. Training with weighted shoes or running uphill in rubber boots were old methods that were put into the discard. Light shoes for racing and heavier ones for workout are enough."
He also authored two books on track coaching and techniques, ""Training"" and ""College Athletics"."
Relationship with athletes.
Murphy was reportedly beloved by the athletes he trained and instilled tremendous loyalty in them. It was reported during Murphy's lifetime that there was "not a man who ever trained under Mike Murphy who wouldn't go to the end of the world for the veteran trainer if he desired it." He reportedly had "some peculiar means of persuasion and development that makes men win." Murphy's "first object was always to get the confidence of a student, which soon developed into a love for the man and his work." The chair of Penn's physical education department once described Murphy's motivational approach as follows:"Mike is a combination of a professor of applied psychology and an evangelist. He possesses the quality peculiar to evangelists of first hypnotizing himself, so great an aid in obtaining control of those to whom he appeals."
Examples of Murphy's close relationships with athletes were many.
In 1905, when Murphy left Yale for the second and final time, some reports indicated it was due to an aristocratic slight to the captain of the football team, Shevlin. Despite a custom at Yale of electing the captain to the elite upper class clubs, Shevlin was not elected because of his lack of social prestige. Murphy was reportedly "disgusted with the growth of aristocratic as opposed to democratic sentiments" at New Haven and did not care to remain there. Others suggested that the real reason for Murphy's move to Penn had more to do with the question of salary, as Penn agreed to pay Murphy a salary of $10,000 per year—more than double the salary then paid to a U.S. Senator.
Another popular Murphy story involved Steve Chase, a leading sprinter from Dartmouth. Chase was sent to work with Murphy at Travers Island in 1895 in preparation for the International Games with England's bets athletes. At the evening meal, Chase was disappointed to discover that pie was not to be served at the camp, packed his bags, and placed them on a bus headed to the train station. Realizing that the consumption of pie was part of the training regimen that led Chase to set a world record, Murphy ran to the kitchen, got a large cut of apple pie, and ran down the roadway with "a piece of pie deftly balanced on a plate, all the time calling, 'Here it is Chase. I got it for you.'" According to the story, Chase came back "and was a world beater, and on pie, too."
Murphy was also called the "probably the most picturesque figure in American athletics" and was said to be a "spledid story teller" who delighted his athletes with stories over an open fire or on the training field, telling of his many adventures, including his travels through Canadian lumber camps searching for the next John L. Sullivan. He was reportedly also a lover of chess and literature, especially the works of Honoré de Balzac.
Deafness.
Murphy's accomplishments are all the more remarkable as he was deaf. He was known as "Silent Mike" due to his affliction, and contemporary reports state that, though he was deaf, the affliction was not so severe as to prevent him from hearing all remarks. One report in 1905 noted: "It was characteristic of Murphy to encourage the belief that he was very deaf and thus break down the caution of the lads who prided themselves on their ability to outwit the veteran." In 1908, "The Washington Post" noted that, though Murphy had been "rather deaf" for several years, his deafness had worsened, such that anyone wanting to speak with him "has to shout at the top of his lungs." Murphy joked at the time, "I'm not much of a one to tell secrets to." When he was in Reno in 1910 for the Jack Johnson–James Jeffries fight, Murphy recalled being approached by a woman who went on at length telling him about her marital problems. After she finished, Murphy told her, "Madame, you have come to the right person. Your secrets are safe. I have not heard a word you said."
Murphy suggested that his deafness made him more sympathetic to others and contributed to his success as a handler of men.
College Football.
Murphy also served as the trainer for the Yale and Penn football teams from 1892–1912, and was an integral part of the football program during an era when Yale and Penn were among the top programs in the country. After Murphy's death, a Philadelphia sports editor wrote about Murphy's ability to inspire a football team to superhuman efforts:"He could arouse a team to superhuman efforts as no trainer ever did or perhaps ever will do. He had an oratory peculiarly his own. It was sympathetic, winning, insistent, pleading, the acme of exhortation. The writer once saw him move a red and blue football team to tears between the halves of a great intercollegiate battle when they retired to their dressing room with the score against them and there appeared no reasonable probability of vanquishing their foes. ... The wonderfully magnetic and persuasive powers of the dead trainer were exerted to their utmost ... Murphy's appeal to the Penn players was a masterpiece of its kind. It fired the hearts of that disheartened, discouraged and well-nigh defeated team; it transformed every man into a fighting Titan, a giant who did not know his own strength and ability; it moved every man to tears; it converted an apparent defeat to one of the most glorious triumphs ever witnessed in the records of old Penn's athletic history."
Murphy was football head coach for the University of Michigan in 1891. He later became the first football coach at Villanova University in 1894 where he initiated their program.
Between 1906 and 1908, a movement developed to eliminate football from university sports programs on grounds that it was too brutal and was attracting professionalism to the college campuses. However, Murphy remained a strong supporter of college football. In 1908, he told "The Washington Post":"Fellows, show me a man that has gone to college for four years and played on either his varsity or scrub football team and I'll show you a man that'll make good on any job he tackles when he gets out into the world."
However, Murphy was an opponent of brutality and insisted on fair play among his football players. In 1907, when he witnessed one of Penn's players "slug a man," an angry Murphy rushed out on the field and made the offending player leave the field, and required him to apologize before he would be allowed to play football again for Penn.
In 1909, Murphy published a column deploring the ongoing agitation against college football. He responded to charges that it was a brutal sport as follows: "I am not disposed to deny that football is a rough game. But when cleanly played as it is in our big colleges, and when properly safeguarded the element of danger is almost entirely eliminated." In response to proposals to replace football in American universities with either soccer or Canadian rugby, Murphy expressed disdain: "Both of these are jokes when compared to the American game. They lack the science of our football and certainly would not prove very interesting to the specators." Murphy spoke in favor of removing restrictions on the forward pass, which he viewed as a spectacular play and one that weakens the defense. His main suggestions for eliminating injuries were to abolish the diving tackle, develop better padding, and eliminate the kickoff. With respect to the kickoff, Murphy noted: "I have always felt that it was in the crash of the two teams that most accidents occurred."
Family and death.
Murphy and his wife, Nora, three children. One of their children, George Murphy, became a well-known movie actor in the 1940s and 1950s and then a U.S. senator from California from 1965 to 1971. Their other son, Charles Thorne Murphy, was a football player at Yale before settling in Detroit.
In June 1913, Murphy died at his home at 4331 Chestnut Street in Philadelphia after a prolonged illness. He reportedly lapsed into unconsciousness after the 1913 Penn track team gathered at his bedside to tell him they had won the 1913 intercollegiate championship. According to some reports, Murphy's illness began when Michigan and Penn played a football game in a blizzard at Ann Arbor, Michigan. From that time on, Murphy was "a sick man, suffering from tuberculosis." Upon his death, the flags at the University of Pennsylvania were lowered to half mast and "The Philadelphia Inquirer" proclaimed, "Mike Murphy is dead—Long live 'Mike' Murphy." The sports editor of the "Philadelphia Public Ledger" wrote:"Michael Charles Murphy will never be forgotten. Long after the generations who loved him personally ... have passed away, his name will be written indelibly in the most glorious annals of American's track and field history. His name and fame can never die. He will ever stand as the track wizard of his age, the hero of coaching achievements of his time."
The funeral was held at St. James Catholic Church at 38th and Chestnut Streets in Philadelphia with many of track's greatest athletes serving as his pallbearers.
In 1941, the University of Pennsylvania dedicated Murphy Field House as a tribute to Murphy; the Murphy Field House was destroyed by fire in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20126718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126718" title="Soho Road railway station">
Soho Road railway station

Soho Road railway station was a railway station in Handsworth Wood, Birmingham, England, on the London and North Western Railway's rail link between the Chase Line and the West Coast Main Line. The station operated between 1889 and 1941, and like neighbouring station Handsworth Wood, closed due to the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20126735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126735" title="Víctor Mora (athlete)">
Víctor Mora (athlete)

Víctor Manuel Mora García (born November 29, 1944) is a retired long-distance runner from Colombia. He won the gold medal in the men's 5.000 metres event at the 1974 Central American and Caribbean Games, and competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1972 (Munich, West Germany).
He also won the Saint Silvester Road Race in São Paulo in 1972, 1973, 1975 and 1981.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20126737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126737" title="Saud bin Abdul Muhsin Al Saud">
Saud bin Abdul Muhsin Al Saud

Saud bin Abdul Muhsin (born 1947) has been Governor of Ha'il Province since 1999. He is a member of the Saudi royal family.
Early life and education.
Saud was born in 1947. He is the eldest son of the late Abdul Muhsin bin Abdulaziz (1925–1985), the highly regarded former governor of Madinah Province. Abdul Muhsin was interior minister in King Saud's cabinet in 1961. Prince Abdul Muhsin was part of the Free Princes Movement, led by Prince Talal.
Prince Saud attended the Royal Military Academy in Sandhurst. He also holds a degree in business administration.
Career.
Prince Saud held several government positions beginning as the director of health and housing department in the ministry of health from 1970 to 1973. Other positions he held include director general in the ministry of health from 1973 to 1976; deputy governor of Makkah Province from 1976 to 1992 and acting governor of Makkah Province from 1992 to 1999. He is also president of the Supreme Commission for Hail Development and head of the Supreme Commission of the Hail Rally and a member of the Allegiance Council.
Personal life.
Saud has been married four times. He is married to Hala al Sheikh. He enjoys traditional Bedouin customs of falconry, as well as western sports including tennis.
BBC documentary.
In 2008, Saud was the subject of a BBC documentary about modern Saudi Arabia, "Inside the Saudi Kingdom," in which a film crew led by Lionel Mill was given unique access to follow the prince for a month in his daily work. He concludes that the Western world needs to learn that "you can only change people as much as they want to be changed" and that at heart his people do not want to be Westernized.

</doc>
<doc id="20126754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126754" title="Vermont Reds">
Vermont Reds

The Vermont Reds are a defunct minor league baseball team. They played in the Eastern League at Centennial Field in Burlington, Vermont from 1984 to 1987. They were affiliated with the Cincinnati Reds.
The team won the Eastern League Championship in 1984, 1985 and 1986.
History.
Prior to their four-year stint as the Vermont Reds, this franchise was known as the Lynn Sailors from 1980 to 1983 and served as the Double-A affiliate of the Seattle Mariners (1980 to 1982) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1983). 
In 1984, owner Mike Agganis moved the Lynn Pirates from Lynn, Massachusetts to Burlington, and Aggis signed a four-year agreement with the Cincinnati Reds. The club was renamed the Vermont Reds. 
After the stint as the Vermont Reds, the franchise again served as the Double-A affiliate of the Seattle Mariners in 1988, becoming the Vermont Mariners. Today, the franchise is the Double-A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians and is known as the Akron RubberDucks.

</doc>
<doc id="20126756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126756" title="Isidoro Grünhut">
Isidoro Grünhut

Isidoro Grünhut (1862–1896) was a Jewish Italian painter who lived in Trieste and gave rise to the "civilization of portraits". Among his masterpieces was "La Bambola" (1891), stored at the Revoltella Museum in Trieste along with other chefs d'oeuvre by Grünhut. Trieste named one of its streets Via Isidoro Grunhut. 
Grünhut is related to linguist Ghil'ad Zuckermann.

</doc>
<doc id="20126766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126766" title="Oak Creek High School">
Oak Creek High School

Oak Creek High School is a secondary school located in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, a southern suburb of Milwaukee. The four-year public high school is a part of the Oak Creek-Franklin Joint School District, serving a area that includes the city of Oak Creek and a area of Franklin.
Oak Creek High School was built in 1961 at a cost of over $3 million. The school was renovated in 2001 and the football stadium was enlarged in 2012.
The high school was involved in a federal lawsuit, Butler v. Oak Creek-Franklin School District, 172 F.Supp.2d 1102, involving the school's athletic code. The case involved claims for violation of constitutional due process and state constitutional rights arising from suspension of a high school student.
Extra-curricular activities.
Clubs.
Clubs include the following:
Athletics.
Oak Creek High School offers the following sports:
The 1963 football team won the Parkland Conference championship.
The 2012 football team won the SEC championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20126791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126791" title="István Hernek">
István Hernek

István Hernek (born 23 April 1935) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1950s. At the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, he won a silver medal in the C-1 1000 m event.
Hernek also won two medals at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in the C-1 1000 m and a bronze in the C-1 10000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20126824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126824" title="Rahul Dewan">
Rahul Dewan

Rahul Dewan (born 15 July 1986) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Haryana. He was born in Delhi.
Career.
Dewan began his career playing for Delhi Under-19s in the 2004-05 season before moving up to the under-22s, for whom he played for three seasons before making his break into first-class cricket.In his last season for Delhi Under-22s, also as a captain,he scored 623 runs in 4 matches with 3 centuries including a marathon knock of 306.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India awarded him with the M.A.Chidambaram Trophy for the "Best Junior Cricketer in the Country" for the season 2007-08. He also appeared for the Delhi Daredevils in the inaugural edition of the IPL.
Dewan made his first-class debut for Haryana in the first match of the Ranji Trophy competition of 2008-09. Dewan scored 12 runs in the first innings of the game and 66 runs in the second innings, the highest score of Haryana second innings. In only his third Ranji Trophy game he scored his first century (254* vs Kerala) in first-class cricket.
He has been a consistent performer for Haryana and North Zone in first-class cricket. He has been a member of the Deodhar Trophy winning North Zone team twice in 2009-10 and 2010-11.
Dewan is the captain of Haryana Ranji Trophy from the 2010-11 season onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20126827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126827" title="Gennady Bukharin">
Gennady Bukharin

Gennady Bukharin (born August 10, 1929) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. At the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, he won bronze medals in the C-1 1000 m and C-1 10000 m events.
Bukharin also won two gold medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague, Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic), earning them in the C-1 1000 m and C-1 10000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20126842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126842" title="Scottish Women's Cup">
Scottish Women's Cup

The Scottish Women's FA Cup is the national cup competition in Scottish Women's Football, a competition open to all teams in the Scottish Women's Football Leagues. There are six rounds, including the final.
List of winners.
The finals of the cup are:

</doc>
<doc id="20126858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126858" title="Mucking excavation">
Mucking excavation

The Mucking excavation was a major archeological dig that covered an area of near Mucking, in southern Essex, England. The excavations took place between 1965 and 1978, prior to (and during) gravel extraction. At the time it was the largest excavation in Europe and it was the first opportunity to excavate a Saxon settlement site and the associated cemetery simultaneously. It uncovered features from the Neolithic to Medieval, a period of some 3,000 years, although the finds were predominately from the Bronze Age to the Saxon. To date, excavation reports have been published covering the Anglo-Saxon period. Reports covering the Roman and pre-Roman periods are in preparation.
The Site.
The site was on the gravel terrace, close to the north bank of the Thames, and was owned by Surridge Disposals Ltd. There were a number of other Saxon settlements in the vicinity - see list of archaeological sites in Thurrock. The site was discovered as a result of aerial photographs showing cropmarks and soil marks. The earliest photographs to reveal the site were taken by the Luftwaffe in 1943. However, these were not readily available to archaeologists. The importance of the site was recognised following photographs taken by Dr JK St. Joseph of Cambridge University on 16 June 1959, although these photos were not published until 1964. The tenant farmer (T Lindsey) remarked that crop marks for archaeologists were his best crop.
An earlier small-scale investigation had been carried out by members of the Thurrock Local History Society, under Ken Barton, on the western side of Buckingham Hill Road, as a result of field walking finds rather than aerial photographs. In late 1965 Margaret Jones was asked to carry out a brief exploratory excavation at a site, then known as Linford, which was slowly being destroyed as a result of gravel digging by Hoveringham Gravels Ltd.
The main excavations.
As a result of this exploratory dig, and of the earlier investigations, Dr Jones' contract was extended and she was appointed director of the full scale excavations. She was joined by her husband Tom and in 1965 (after the crops had been harvested) they began the mammoth task that was to last for the next 14 years on the Mucking hill top. The excavation was unusual in that it continued through the winter, unlike most excavations which only took place in the summer. The Joneses were assisted by many younger archaeologists and 'volunteers' from Britain and abroad including more than 3,000 students from many countries. The volunteers lived mainly in tents during the warmer months, but in the winter, occupied old caravans and sheds. The organisation of the camp, the feeding, the pay and the volunteers' welfare involved many individuals guided by terse memos signed by the initials 'muj'. Margaret Jones sometimes commented that it was more like a holiday camp than an archaeological dig. In the final stages of the dig, volunteers were supplemented by local unemployed people, funded by a government job creation scheme. Without this extra assistance, the excavation might not have been completed.
Margaret Jones died in 2001. The Independent of 31 March 2001 carried an obituary which said 'for a generation of respectable middle-aged archaeologists ... to have dug with Margaret Jones at Mucking remains a badge of honour'. In her will, she left money to fund fieldwork or research related to the Mucking excavations or for landscape archaeology covering the same periods as Mucking.
Organisation.
The dig was financed by the Inspectorate of Ancient Monuments in the Department of the Environment (a precursor to English Heritage). The dig was criticised in some quarters as "excavation without publication", but Margaret Jones defended the need to excavate everything ahead of the gravel extraction and refused to spend valuable time preparing results for publication. Hamerow acknowledges that small-scale sample excavations would not have revealed important features of the site – for example that it was a single settlement, the location of which moved over time rather than separate early and later settlements. Three volumes of excavation results have so far been published. The Cambridge Archaeological Unit has agreed to complete the publication of the excavation reports on the Roman and pre-Roman periods. Initial finance has been allocated for this by English Heritage via the Aggregates Levy Sustainability Fund (ALSF).
Results.
The excavation found more than 44,000 archaeological features. These included isolated graves and pits from the Neolithic and a hill fort from the Bronze Age. There were also more than 100 Iron Age round houses and a Romano-British cemetery. The excavations revealed substantial indications of a high status Romano-British building (that Margaret Jones had "no doubt" was a villa), located either within the excavation or nearby.
The Saxon settlement.
The site had been abandoned by the Romano-British during the 4th century and there was a gap before the Saxon occupation of the site began in the early 5th century. This was among the earliest Saxon settlements in England. The Saxon settlement gradually moved north over the course of two hundred years after its establishment. During or after the 8th century, the settlement was either abandoned, or drifted beyond the area that was excavated. The area previously occupied by the Saxon settlement became part of a Saxo-Norman field system.
More than 200 Saxon sunken featured buildings (Grubenhaus) were excavated, together with nearly a dozen large timber buildings. These more substantial halls were up to long and wide with entrances in the middle of both longer sides.
The Saxon cemeteries.
There were more than 800 burials in the Saxon cemeteries ranging in date from the early 5th to the 7th century. Two cemeteries were excavated, although one of them had already been partially destroyed by gravel working. Cemetery II contained cremation and inhumation graves, while cemetery I contained only inhumations. Cemetery II (the undamaged cemetery) contained graves from which 125 brooches were recovered, allowing the reconstruction of Saxon dress styles. The cemeteries were not used after the middle 7th century although the settlement continued in to the 8th century. Later burials may have been at a Christian cemetery associated with Cedd's minster church at Tilbury.
Finds.
In addition to the brooches, other finds from the settlement and cemeteries included 5th century domestic Saxon pottery and late Roman military belt fittings. More than 5,000 items were donated to the British Museum by the landowners. Some of the originals finds from the excavation are displayed in the British Museum, and others are in storage. Some replica finds are in the Thurrock Museum.
Significance.
While the finds from other periods are of some interest, it is as an Anglo-Saxon site that Mucking is most significant. Unlike Sutton Hoo or the Royal Saxon tomb in Prittlewell, the dig provided significant information about living and working conditions for people below the status of kings or princes. It was the first time an excavation had covered both a Saxon settlement and its associated cemetery.
Archaeological literature.
Results from the Mucking excavation have been extensively used in illustrating and debating archaeological issues. For example, before the dig was completed, hand made pottery was illustrated almost entirely by sherds from Mucking in "The Archaeology of Anglo-Saxon England" by DM Wilson. Many other authors have used the results. Arnold and Wardle used evidence from Mucking to support the idea that there was a major shift in the location of Anglo-Saxon settlements in the 8th century, from lighter to heavier, but more productive soils. However, Rippon argued that the later phases of occupation at Mucking had not been excavated. Similarly, results from Mucking have been used in the debate on the numbers of incoming Anglo-Saxons at the end of the Roman period. For example Hooke and others have used the quality of soil at Mucking to suggest that incoming Saxons were forced by the local inhabitants to settle on the poorest agricultural land. On the other hand, Myres puts forward the view that the site was chosen by the London authorities "to provide early warning of strange vessels sailing up the river with hostile intent". The discovery of a "Roman style" military buckle in a Saxon grave at Mucking has been used to argue for continuity between the Roman and Saxon settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20126859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126859" title="Swimming at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle

The men's 1500 metre freestyle at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships was held on the morning of 31 March (heats) and the evening of 1 April (final) at Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne, Australia. 50 swimmers were entered in the event, of which 47 swam.
The existing records at the start of the event were:
Results.
Heats.
"Q" marks those swimmers who qualified for finals.
"DNS= Did not swim"

</doc>
<doc id="20126867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126867" title="Hadia Tajik">
Hadia Tajik

Hadia Tajik (born 18 July 1983) is a Pakistani-Norwegian jurist, journalist and politician. She is a Member of Parliament for the Labour Party representing Oslo.
On 21 September 2012 she was appointed Minister of Culture and, at 29 years of age, became the youngest minister ever to serve in the Norwegian government, as well as the first Muslim. Unlike some of her older predecessors and colleagues, Tajik is an enthusiastic user of social media, and an avid supporter of E-books, and as a result she is often called Norway's "first digital Minister of Culture".
Early life and education.
Hadia Tajik was born on 18 July 1983 in the village of Bjørheimsbygd in Strand, Rogaland, to M. Sarwar Tajik (born 1947) and mother Safia Qazalbash (born 1948), emigrants from Pakistan in the early 1970s. After completing Bjørheimsbygd Primary School as one of only seven pupils, she attended Tau Lower Secondary School between 1996 and 1998 and later Strand Upper Secondary School from 1998 to 2001.
She has a bachelor's degree in journalism from Stavanger University College, after which she studied human rights at Kingston University in England from 2004 to 2005, earning a Masters degree. She subsequently enrolled in and studied law at the University of Oslo receiving her Master of Law degree in 2012.
Political career.
Early career.
Tajik was active in politics from an early age, and was the leader of the Strand chapter of the Workers' Youth League (AUF) from 1999 to 2002, before becoming deputy leader of the Rogaland AUF from until 2003. She served as an advisor for the Minister of Labour and Social Inclusion, Bjarne Håkon Hanssen, from 2006 to 2008. In 2008 she temporarily held the position of advisor to the Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg. Subsequently, from 2008 to 2009, she served as political advisor to the Minister of Justice, Knut Storberget. While serving under Storberget, she was accused of being involved in the so-called hijab-affair. The Department of Justice withdrew a proposal to allow police women to wear hijab in the service, as a result of much uproar, a proposal that Tajik and Astri Aas-Hansen allegedly had agreed to without consulting Storberget. The allegations were never confirmed but when the Department announced its decision, the media felt the Minister left the impression that the two women were to blame. Later in 2009 she again served as an advisor for the Minister for Labour and Social Inclusion.
Member of Parliament.
On 14 September 2009, Tajik was elected Member of Parliament for the Norwegian Labour Party. Representing Oslo, she was listed as candidate number six on the Labour ticket, which was considered a safe seat. During her tenure in parliament, she was a member of the Standing Committee on Education, Research and Church Affairs as well as the Election committee. She has been nominated in second spot on the Oslo Labour party ballot for the Norwegian parliamentary election, 2013.
Minister of Culture.
On September 2012, as part of a larger cabinet reshuffle, prime minister Jens Stoltenberg announced that Tajik would become the new Minister of Culture. She replaced Anniken Huitfeldt who became the new Minister of Labour and Social affairs. At the time, she was the youngest ever to become a minister in Norway (at 29), and her appointment made her the first Muslim to serve in the Norwegian cabinet. She is historically the second minister with non-caucasian ethnic background after Manuela Ramin-Osmundsen, who resigned as Minister of Children, Equality and Social Inclusion in 2008.
Other.
On 22 July 2011, Tajik was visiting the Workers' Youth League summer camp at Utøya together with former prime minister Gro Harlem Brundtland. They left a few hours before Anders Behring Breivik arrived, thus narrowly avoiding the massacre.
Tajik has been mentioned as a political rising star, belonging to "a new generation" of young Labour Party politicians. She has also been named as a possible future prime minister and leader of the Labour Party by Gro Harlem Brundtland and political experts.
Personal life.
Hadia Tajik is in a relationship with Stefan Heggelund, a communications consultant and politician for the Conservative Party. They decided to make their relationship public because there was a chance they would both be elected to Parliament in the Norwegian parliamentary election, 2013. Both Tajik and Heggelund were subsequently elected as MPs.
Tajik describes herself as a Muslim, although non-practicing, saying "I am a politician, who happens to be Muslim, but I am not a Muslim politician."

</doc>
<doc id="20126887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126887" title="John Edward Underhill">
John Edward Underhill

John Edward Underhill (1574–1608) was the son of Thomas Underhill and grandson of Sir Hugh Underhill, two figures favored under the rule of Queen Elizabeth I. He would later have to emigrate to Holland to escape persecution.
John Edward Underhill was born in 1574 at Kenilworth, Warwickshire, England, the son of Thomas Underhill and Magdalen Amyas. He first married Mary Moseley (born 1580) who lived at Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, England. Following her death he married his second wife Leonora Honor Pawley in 1595 at the age of 21. Pawley had been born in 1575 at Uny Lelant, Cornwall, England.
Of their three children, two daughters - Petronella and Lettice, are both recorded to have been born in 1593. Their son, the future Captain John Underhill, was born 7 October 1597 in Baginton, Warwickshire, England.
John Underhill was a friend and companion to the Earls of Leicester and Essex, and while a youth held a commission in the Earl of Leicester's own Troop of Guards, that was sent to the assistance of the Dutch by Queen Elizabeth I. When the Netherlands offered their sovereignty to the Earl of Leicester, John Edward Underhill was the bearer of confidential dispatches to Lord Burleigh, the Queen's Minister.
The Queen sent for Underhill and had a private interview. There she instructed him to deliver a confidential letter to Leicester. Soon afterward the Earl resigned and returned to England. Underhill after the fall and death of Leicester attached himself to the Earl of Essex. He accompanied Essex on a successful attack on Cadiz, Spain, and shared his ill fortune on a campaign against Tyronne and the revolted class in Ireland. For his gallant conduct he was knighted by Elizabeth.
Meanwhile the Earl of Essex rose in insurrection against the Queen. Essex was subsequently executed and Underhill left for the safety of Holland until the accession of King James in 1603, when he applied for pardon and leave to return to his native country. His request being denied, he remained in The Netherlands a number of years thereafter, in the company of a group of pious Puritans under the Rev. Mr. Robinson who had fled persecution in England. They lived in Bergen op Zoom, a heavily fortified city in The Netherlands. There John Underhill was Sergeant in the Company of Captain Roget Orme. He died there in October 1608 and is buried in the Church of St. Gertrude.
Of his remaining family members, two are known to have emigrated to America. His wife Lenora Honor Pawley died in 18 December 1658 in Portsmouth, Newport, Rhode Island. And his son Captain John Underhill emigrated with the Puritans to the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1630 and died in Oyster Bay, New York in 1672.
Famous descendants.
Captain John Underhill, great-grandson of Hugh Underhill, would emigrate from England to The Netherlands with his family, and then from The Netherlands to the Massachusetts Bay Colony where he became a leading figure in Colonial America.
Myron Charles Taylor, America's leading industrialist, and a key diplmatic figure at the hub of many of the most important geopolitical events before, during, and after World War II. Also eighth generation descended from Captain John Underhill.
Amelia Earhart, American aviation pioneer and author famous for her mysterious disappearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20126892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126892" title="Aleksandr Silayev">
Aleksandr Silayev

Aleksandr Silayev (April 2, 1928 – December 31, 2005) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. At the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, he won a silver medal in the C-1 1000 m event.
Silayev also won a gold medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague.
He competed for Dynamo Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20126895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20126895" title="Docuverse">
Docuverse

Docuverse is a global distributed electronic library of interconnected documents, in other words a global metadocument. The term was coined by Ted Nelson in 1974, as a concept related to the Project Xanadu, and the World Wide Web later nominally fulfilled a subset of the aspects of Nelson's vision.

</doc>
