<doc id="20005113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005113" title="The Test (novel)">
The Test (novel)

The Test is a novel by Mary Tappan Wright. It was first published in hardcover by Charles Scribner's Sons in February, 1904. It was Wright's second published novel and third published book.
Plot.
The story takes place in the college town of Genoa in the Middle West. The heroine, Alice Lindell, secretary to Senator Winchester, is engaged to the senator's son Tom. She attempts to wean Tom away from his weakness for liquor by prematurely giving in to his desire for her, with disastrous results; Tom backslides, and while drunk falls victim to the wiles of another admirer, the unscrupulous Harriet, who marries him. Repenting his folly, he resolves to leave Harriet and run away with Alice, but is persuaded by the latter to fulfill his marriage vows and henceforth conduct himself honorably.
Alice courageously faces the shame of bearing and rearing their illegitimate daughter Anna alone. This ordeal is the test of the title—of herself, her family, and her community. Her story is paralleled in a subplot involving Sallie, a sinner of a lower sort. Over the years Alice is supported by some, notably the senator, but vilified by most of the small-minded townsfolk, including her own mother. Her sister Gertrude, engaged to the priggish clergyman John Prescott, also suffers, her intended suddenly developing cold feet at the news of Alice's indiscretion. Perhaps the height of Alice's suffering is reached when Harriet, having lost her own child, importunes her to let her have Anna instead; persuaded it would be in the best interest of her daughter, Alice finally complies.
In time her enduring patience effects her moral recovery in the eyes of the town, and her example succeeds in inspiring Tom to complete his own personal regeneration. In the conclusion Harriet's death frees them to marry each other, and the two depart Genoa to begin a new life together.
Reception.
Reaction to the novel was mixed among reviewers. "The New York Times" "found some difficulty in getting at the purpose, ethical or artistic," concluding that it was "as a study of the human conscience, its powers and its limitations," that the novel was to be regarded. Finding the story unpleasant and its characters "generally unlikable," it yet declared it "a book distinctly well written, if to write well, in making fiction, is to so write as to hold the attention of even an unwilling reader and compel him to note with something like admiration the skillful development of the traits of personages for whom he feels no liking whatever." In spite of this dislike, the reviewer noted that Wright "knows her trade as novelist. As novelists go she is one among ten thousand. … [She has a keen sense of humor, good descriptive powers, a good working knowledge of human nature, an effective style. She can tell a story well."
A harsher opinion was expressed in "The Critic," which declared the book "one of the most unconvincing novels that the present reviewer has ever read … psychologically false from beginning to end in respect of the main situations." It allowed "one good chapter, in which Alice imagines her marriage day and restrains her impulse to drown herself, knowing that she is to become a mother; but as a whole, the book is exasperating in the extreme, because it does not ring true."
Other critiques were much more positive. The "Springfield Republican" felt it "takes a bold subject and treats it in a daring way, yet with such honest of purpose as to take away all offense," finding "much of the skillful exposition of character that appeared in 'Aliens,' while in dramatic intensity . . . some of Mrs. Wright's striking short stories." "The Worcester Spy", called it "one of the most interesting books of the year. . . . intensely strong and dramatic throughout." "Congregationalist and Christian World" found it an "unquestionably powerful story . . . [with the inevitable unhappiness dogging the footsteps of sin . . . clearly drawn and the moral interest the reader's attention strongly throughout."
"The Lamp", after briefly praising the "place for herself among the novelists whose work demands serious consideration" the author had made with "Aliens", declared that "'The Test' strengthens her position, fulfills much promise, justifies more expectation. The author has made of the sin of a man and a woman a test for all the folk who figure in her book—a test of individual, of family, of community. The story is simple enough and it is told simply, clearly, forcibly, with a certain fine reserve and freedom from hysteria [painting the life of a little town, the souls and deeds of its people with keen insight, wide human sympathy, relentless logic." It also noted "a leaven of humor to lighten her soul study. Her folk do not live altogether in italics … and a vein of cheerful sanity runs through even her grayest chapters, insuring them against the morbidness that is the most dangerous pitfall in the path of the novelist who deals familiarly with souls."

</doc>
<doc id="20005134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005134" title="Olga Michael">
Olga Michael

Matushka Olga Michael (February 3, 1916 – November 8, 1979), also known as Olinka, was a priest's wife from Kwethluk village, on the Kuskokwim River in Alaska.
Life.
Matushka Olga was a Native Alaskan of Yup'ik origin. Her husband was the village postmaster and manager of the general store, and later archpriest, Fr. Nikolai Michael. Serving her community not only as a priest's wife, but also as a midwife, Matushka Olga gave birth to and raised several children, many of whom she gave birth to without the aid of a midwife of her own. 
Matushka Olga was known for her empathy and caring for those who had suffered abuse of all kinds, especially sexual abuse. While her family was poor, she was generous to those who were poorer, often giving away her children's clothes to the needy. She was also known for her ability to tell when a woman was pregnant, even before the woman herself had missed her period.
When Matushka Olga reposed, many people from miles around wanted to come to her funeral, but since it was November, the winter weather made it impossible. But a wind from the south brought warm weather, thawing the ice and snow to make the trek to Kwethluk possible. When the mourners exited the church to take her body to the graveyard, a flock of birds followed. The ones who dug her grave found that the ground, too, had thawed. The evening after her funeral, the normal harsh winter weather returned.
Potential Glorification.
Olga receives veneration in the region in which she lived her earthly life, and personal veneration from many Orthodox women touched by her life story. It is said that she has appeared in the dreams of the faithful, sometimes alongside the Mother of God. She has not been formally glorified yet by any jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20005186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005186" title="Kola Ogunmola">
Kola Ogunmola

Elijah Kolawole Ogunmola or Kola Ogunmola (Nov. 11, 1925, Okemesi-Ekiti,Ekiti State, Nigeria - 1973) was a Nigerian dramatist, actor, mime, director, and playwright.
He developed Yoruba culture, especially folk opera (drama that combines Christian themes with traditional Yoruban folklore, music and dancing, and music popular in urban culture) into a serious theatre form through his work with his Ogunmola Travelling Theatre (founded c. 1947). 
They produced an early stage musical version of Amos Tutuola's The Palm Wine Drinkard, which was performed at the First Pan-African Cultural Congress (Algiers, 1969).
Ogunmola is regarded as one of the most brilliant actors in Africa in the 1950s and ’60s.
He produced Ife Owo in 1965. It was a satire on marriage and wealth. He used "Mime" and singing as well as drumming to convey his message. He also produced the dramatic version of Tutuola's "The Palmwine Drinker". He also exhibited great ability in acting and directing.

</doc>
<doc id="20005190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005190" title="Cinnamon Skin">
Cinnamon Skin

Cinnamon Skin (1982) is the twentieth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. Like a few other books in the series, McGee ends up traveling to Mexico to solve a crime.
The title of the book comes from a passage in Chapter 26. The passage reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20005194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005194" title="Douglas Marsden-Jones">
Douglas Marsden-Jones

Douglas Marsden-Jones CBE born Marsden Douglas Jones (1893 – 5 January 1955) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff and London Welsh. Marsden-Jones was also a member of Ronald Cove-Smith's British Isles team that toured South Africa in 1924.
Rugby career.
Marsden-Jones was born in Swansea and played in his early life for University College, Swansea. He played just two games for Wales as a back row forward at No 8. The first was the opening game of the 1921 Five Nations Championship against England on 15 January. Marsden-Jones was one of seven new caps to play under the captaincy of Jack Wetter at Twickenham, and after a string of serious injuries, Wales lost the game 18-3. His second game would take over three years, when he was selected to face the touring New Zealand team in 1924. It was another heavy defeat for the Welsh side and Marsden-Jones was not selected again.
In 1924 Marsden-Jones was selected to tour South Africa with the British Isles team and played in two tests.
He continued his rugby career by captaining London Welsh for several seasons. He died in London in 1955.
International games played.
Wales
British Isles
Personal life.
During the First World War he fought in the British Army, serving in the Gloucestershire Yeomanry and the Tank Corps. He later worked as manager of the labour relations division of the Ford Motor Company. In 1938 as Director of Factories he was seconded to mobilise a workforce of 30,000 to staff the Ordnance Factories throughout the country. In 1952 he was nominated for the CBE by Winston Churchill for this major contribution to the war effort, which was presented by the Queen in her New Years Honours list.

</doc>
<doc id="20005203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005203" title="Pleurocera acuta">
Pleurocera acuta

Pleurocera acuta, common name the sharp hornsnail, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae, the hornsnails. 
Shell description.
The shell can have up to 14 whorls. The shell of this species can be as long as 37 mm.
Distribution.
"Pleurocera acuta" is native to the United States. It occurs in the Ohio River and Great Lakes drainages; the Mississippi River west to Kansas and Nebraska.
This species is listed as threatened in some Midwestern states.
The nonindigenous distribution of "Pleurocera acuta" includes the Lower Hudson River drainage and Oneida Lake in New York State. It was introduced there, probably via the Erie Canal.
Ecology.
This species is found in freshwater rivers and streams where it burrows in sand and mud. Eggs are laid in the spring.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference 

</doc>
<doc id="20005206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005206" title="The Shadow Factory">
The Shadow Factory

The Shadow Factory: The Ultra-Secret NSA from 9/11 to the Eavesdropping on America is a book on the National Security Agency by author James Bamford.
Fort Gordon, Georgia.
Bamford's book contains a description of a processing center at NSA's Fort Gordon, Georgia facility, and Operation Highlander, with which it was associated. The staff there analyzed satellite telephone signals (like Inmarsat) from all over the Middle East. They performed various operations such as matching up phone numbers with names of organizations or individuals, recording messages, finding the locations of cellphones, call chaining analysis, language identification and translation, and assigning 'importance' numbers to the "cuts" (recordings). 
Bamford's book contains the statements of people who worked there, including Adrienne J. Kinne, and John Berry. Berry says that the operation never violated American's rights and contributed a good deal to the war effort. Kinne says that they were listening to the phone calls of Americans in the middle east making calls back to the states, including NGOs, aid workers, and journalists at the Palestine Hotel. Kinne contrasts her years of work before 9/11 in SIGINT and the careful attention paid to USSID 18 with her work after 9/11 and the way USSID 18 was essentially ignored. Kinne later became part of Iraq Veterans Against the War. 
The NSA Inspector General and the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) investigated her allegations. They claimed they 'found insufficient evidence to support Kinne's allegations of improper intelligence activities'. Kinne says the NSA IG never even interviewed her. The Congress also questioned NSA and the Army about the matter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20005208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005208" title="DIANA Mayer &amp; Grammelspacher">
DIANA Mayer &amp; Grammelspacher

DIANA Mayer & Grammelspacher is a German air gun manufacturer based in Rastatt. It was founded in 1890 by Jakob Mayer and Josef Grammelspacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20005227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005227" title="1941–42 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1941–42 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1941–42 campaign saw Town continuing to play in the Wartime League. They finished 11th in the 1st NRL Competition, 15th in the War Cup qualifiers and 6th in the 2nd NRL Competition. This was also the last season in which Clem Stephenson was at the club. He had been at the club for over 2 decades as player and manager and has the longest managerial career in Huddersfield's history. Sir Amos Brook Hirst also left the club to become chairman of the Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20005239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005239" title="Karl Friedrich Becker">
Karl Friedrich Becker

Karl Friedrich Becker (1777 – March 15, 1806) was a German educator and historian. His most noted work was "World History for Children and Teachers of Children" () which was widely used and much edited and revised by other noted historians after Becker's death.
Biography.
Becker was a native of Berlin. He studied history and philosophy at the University of Halle, and after finishing his studies, worked as a tutor in Cottbus. From 1798 to 1800 he was a schoolteacher in Berlin, but due to poor health had to resign from teaching and devote his time to literary and historical work. Becker died on March 15, 1806 at the age of 29. His grave is preserved in the Protestant "Friedhof I der Jerusalems- und Neuen Kirchengemeinde" (Cemetery No. I of the congregations of Jerusalem's Church and New Church) in Berlin-Kreuzberg, south of Hallesches Tor.
Works.
Becker is remembered today as author of the nine-volume "Weltgeschichte für Kinder und Kinderlehrer". This work was published in Berlin between 1801 and 1805, and after his death was continued, edited and revised by numerous authors. Karl Ludwig Woltmann added a tenth volume, and Karl Adolf Menzel two more. Wilhelm Adolf Schmidt's edition of 1860-67 contains 20 volumes, including Karl Eduard Arnd's "Geschichte der letzten vierzig Jahre" and its continuations to 1867. The same author's "Geschichte der Jahre 1867-1871" (1st vol., 1872) also served as a supplement. Johann Wilhelm Löbell was an editor. Though gaining in fullness and accuracy, the revisions lost something of the charm of Becker's original presentation.
Other publications by Becker include:
External links.
"Portions of this article are based on a translation of the article on Karl Friedrich Becker from the German Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="20005240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005240" title="Bury St Edmunds Eastgate railway station">
Bury St Edmunds Eastgate railway station

Bury St Edmunds Eastgate railway station (also known as Eastgate Street) was a station serving the town of Bury St Edmunds, England. It was opened in 1865 and closed in 1909. It was situated on the Long Melford-Bury St Edmunds branch line. Today the line it stood on has closed, and the towns rail traffic is handled entirely by Bury St Edmunds railway station.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20005253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005253" title="Live at Mile High Music Festival">
Live at Mile High Music Festival

Live at Mile High Music Festival is a live album by the Dave Matthews Band from the 2008 Mile High Music Festival outside Denver, Colorado. In its first week of sales, the album debuted at #97 on the US charts. The concert featured many old songs such as "Don't Drink the Water", "Two Step" and "#41", as well as more recent songs such as "Corn Bread" and "Eh Hee".
This is the first album to be released by the band without saxophonist LeRoi Moore and the first to feature Bela Fleck and the Flecktones saxophonist Jeff Coffin for the entire set. Coffin stepped in for Moore after he was in an ATV accident.
Tim Reynolds also sat in as a guest for the complete set, as he did throughout the 2008 summer tour.
It was released on Tuesday December 16, 2008.
CD track listing.
All songs were written by David J. Matthews unless noted.
Personnel.
Dave Matthews Band
With Guests

</doc>
<doc id="20005266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005266" title="Gustavo Madero Muñoz">
Gustavo Madero Muñoz

Gustavo Enrique Madero Muñoz (born Chihuahua, Chih., 16 December 1955)
is a Mexican politician and businessman, great-nephew of the president Francisco I. Madero. He is the President of the National Action Party (PAN). 
Until 10 June 2008 he was the leader of the PAN delegation in the Senate 
and he was, from 28 August 2008 to 4 December 2010, the President of the Senate. 
Gustavo Madero has a bachelor's degree in communication science from the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Occidente (ITESO) He has pursued business interests for most of his life and was at one point Vice President of the COPARMEX in Chihuahua.
Madero served as Director General of Planning and Evaluation under Governor of Chihuahua Francisco Barrio. 
In 2001, he became actively involved in politics when he stood (unsuccessfully) as the PAN's candidate for mayor of Chihuahua.
In 2003 he was elected to the federal Chamber of Deputies for the Sixth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua, 
after narrowly beating his opponent, Pedro Domínguez Alarcón of the PRI, by 48,683 votes to 48,229.
As a deputy during the following 59th Congress, he chaired
the Chamber's Treasury and Public Credit Committee, where he worked hard to have value-added tax applied to medicines and foodstuffs, an (unsuccessful) policy initiative of the Fox administration. 
In the 2006 federal election, Gustavo Madero was elected to the Senate, representing Chihuahua for the PAN in conjunction with Ramón Galindo Noriega for the period 2006–12. He chaired the Senate Treasury and Public Credit Committee, and also served on the Trade and Industrial Development, Energy, and Foreign Relations (Asia Pacific) Committees.
On 9 June 2008, it was announced that Gustavo Madero would be replacing Santiago Creel(his cousin) as the coordinator of the PAN bloc in the Senate, 
and this was confirmed on 10 June by PAN President Germán Martínez at a meeting of the party's National Executive Committee.
On 28 August 2008, he was elected President of the Senate for the third year (2008–09) of the 60th Congress.
In December, 2010, he has been elected President of the National Action Party (PAN).
Please see also Creel-Terrazas Family.

</doc>
<doc id="20005277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005277" title="Trinidad State Beach">
Trinidad State Beach

Trinidad State Beach is north of Eureka in Humboldt County, California. This scenic State Beach is accessed from a signposted side road at Trinity Street and Stagecoach Road in the seaside town of Trinidad. The parking lot at Trinidad Bay below Trinidad Head is another popular access point. The offshore rocks are part of the California Coastal National Monument. Colorful tide pools provide specimens to Humboldt State University's Fred Telonicher Marine Laboratory located in Trinidad.
Nearby Parks include Little River State Beach just south of Trinidad, and to the north, Patrick's Point State Park. The Beach's latitude and longitude are 41.0594 / -124.1420.

</doc>
<doc id="20005293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005293" title="All My Friends (disambiguation)">
All My Friends (disambiguation)

"All My Friends" is a song by LCD Soundsystem.
All My Friends may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20005298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005298" title="John Everard Gurdon">
John Everard Gurdon

John Everard Gurdon, (24 May 1898 – 14 April 1973), was a British flying ace in the First World War credited with twenty-eight victories.
Background.
Gurdon attended Tonbridge School in Kent. He joined the Army in 1916, attending Sandhurst in September of that year.
Involvement in the First World War.
Gurdon was commissioned into the Suffolk Regiment and was transferred to the RFC in May 1917. He completed his pilot training at Central Flying School and was sent to No.22 Squadron in 1918, flying Bristol F.2 Fighters.
Gurdon achieved all twenty-eight of his victories flying the Bristol Fighter aircraft, seventeen of them using the front gun. On 7 May 1918 he was involved in an historic engagement known as the 'Two versus Twenty'. Gurdon, together with his observer 2/Lt. John Thornton, in partnership with one other Bristol Fighter aircraft, piloted by Alfred Atkey with his observer Charles George Gass engaged twenty enemy aircraft. Gurdon and Thornton shot down three enemy aircraft; Atkey and Gass shot down five enemy aircraft.
On 10 June 1918 his aircraft was badly shot up, Gurdon being hit by a bullet in the left arm, and his gunner, Lt. J. J. Scaramaga, being killed. In August he received concussion from an anti-aircraft shell near-miss. He returned to the Uk in September 1918 and reliquished his commission in December of that year. 
His claim tally, in conjunction with his gunners, consisted of 13 and one shared destroyed, and 14 'out of control'. 
Gurdon married in 1921 and had three sons, one of which, Sgt. John Robert Gurdon, was killed in action in 1943 flying Wellingtons of No.166 Squadron. Another son, Philip Gurdon, flew Spitfires in Burma.
Second World War.
Despite being blinded in one eye after a car crash in 1935 and suffering a hip problem following an aircraft landing accident, in 1939 Gurdon rejoined the Royal Air Force at the outbreak of war, serving as an instructor. He managed to fly on several bombing operations unofficially as a front gunner on Wellingtons, but after a landing accident aggravated his existing hip problem he was invalided out of the service. 
John Gurdon died on 14 April 1973 in Alassio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20005312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005312" title="William Lorimer Hall">
William Lorimer Hall

William Lorimer Hall (1876 – 1958) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queen's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Conservative member from 1910 to 1920 and from 1925 to 1931.
He was born in Melvern Square, Nova Scotia, the son of Reverend William Hall and Margaret Barss. Hall was educated at Acadia University and Dalhousie University. He was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1900 and set up practice in Halifax. In 1907, Hall married Edith Hamm. He served as Attorney General in the province's Executive Council from 1926 to 1931. In 1931, Hall was named a judge in the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia. He served on the bench until his death in Halifax.
His daughter Mary married Robert Stanfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20005322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005322" title="The Cow Who Clucked">
The Cow Who Clucked

The Cow Who Clucked is a children's picture book by Denise Fleming
Summary.
A cow loses her moo and clucks after she dreams that she was a mother hen. So she spends the day searching for her missing moo. When the cow asks each farm animal if they have seen her moo, the animals response varies such as "maa, maa" and "quack quack".

</doc>
<doc id="20005326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005326" title="List of Guyanese Britons">
List of Guyanese Britons

This is a list of notable Guyanese British people.

</doc>
<doc id="20005353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005353" title="Ashland (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Ashland (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Ashland is a historic home located in Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, hip-roofed frame dwelling with fine Victorian Italianate decorative detail. It was built in 1866-1867 by William Beanes Hill of Compton Bassett for his son, William Murdock Hill. The house has been continuously associated with the prominent Hill family. Ashland is one of only a few significant frame dwellings of the Italianate style which survive in the county. It has a simple square floor plan, with cross gables in each plane of the hip roof. Also on the property are historic outbuildings.
Ashland was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20005355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005355" title="Rialto Theater (Deer Lodge, Montana)">
Rialto Theater (Deer Lodge, Montana)

The Rialto Theater in Deer Lodge, Montana was built in 1921 with 720 seats. The Beaux Arts style theater featured extensive painted murals, artistic plaster designs, and a painted stage backgrounds. The distinctive exterior used white terra cotta and red roof tiles.
The theatre was purchased in 1995 for $60,000 by a non-profit community organization that then began restoring and operating the theatre.
The Rialto was gutted by a fire on November 4, 2006 that destroyed the stage, auditorium and balcony. Rebuilding costs were originally estimated in the 6 to 8 million dollar range. The Deer Lodge community immediately began undertaking the endeavor, and the theatre was officially reopened in May 2012.
The rebuild was long and sustained and focused on historical reproduction, affordability, and practicality. The general contractor chosen, Martel Construction, was selected because of their willingness to work with volunteer labor and a long time frame.
Final costs were approximately 3.4 million dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="20005365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005365" title="Suffield, Alberta">
Suffield, Alberta

Suffield is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Cypress County. It is located on the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 1) approximately northwest of Medicine Hat, and just south of CFB Suffield.
History.
Established by the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) in 1884, Suffield was named after Charles Harbord, 5th Baron Suffield who married in 1854, Cecilia Annetta, the sister of Edward Baring, 1st Baron Revelstoke, who assisted in financing the railway.
Near the beginning of the 20th Century, Suffield experienced rapid growth arising from the construction of the CPR. One of the larger building in the area at the time, the 32 room Alamo Hotel was constructed in 1910 by W.R. Martin, superintendent of CPR oil and gas exploration, A.M. Grace, chief engineer of the Southern Alberta Land Company, and A.P. Phillips at a cost of $30,000. A reporter from the Medicine Hat News wrote on Oct 20, 1910, "The most beautiful hotel alongside the CPR from Winnipeg to Calgary, stands on the prairie within a stone's throw of one of the biggest gas wells in the Medicine Hat district in what promises to be, in the near future, the city of Suffield". The hotel hosted a 40 foot stand-up bar and was reported to be one of the finest in the country. Hard times hit with the First World War and with the introduction of Prohibition in 1915. In 1926, the hotel was sold to the Calgary Brewing and Malting Company and moved to Sylvan Lake in 1927 to replace a hotel that burnt down.
Railway.
In 1913, a branch line of the CPR was constructed between Suffield and Retlaw. In 1914, the Suffield-Retlaw was extended to Lomond, completing the 84 mile branch. The Suffield-Lomond line was extended to Arrowwood in 1925. In 1930, the line was extended to Eltham on the Kipp-Aldersyde line near Blackie. The stops on the line were Suffield, Agatha, Hlingworth, Ronolane, Cecil, Armelgra, Scope, Grantham, Vauxhall, Retlaw, Enchant, Travers, Lomond, Armada, Pageant, Milo, Qeenstown, Shouldice and Arrowwood. The coach fare in 1948 was $3.75. The line has since been abandoned and the rails removed.
Climate.
Suffield experiences a semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classification "BSk") with long, cold, dry winters and short but very warm summers. Precipitation is low, with an annual average of 318 mm, and is concentrated in the warmer months.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Suffield had a population of 264 living in 113 of its 119 total dwellings, a 17.9% change from its 2006 population of 224. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20005392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005392" title="Brian Nixon">
Brian Nixon

Brian Charles Nixon (born 13 July 1969) is a television and radio host, author, minister, journalist, and former rock musician of the rock band, The Electra.
Musical work.
During his high school years in San Jose, California, Brian met Jeff Carlson and Chris Manak (aka, Peanut Butter Wolf) and formed the underground rock group, The Electra. Signed to Epithet/Americanon Records, The Electra recorded only one album, USAmerica, but went on to influence other musicians through the continued musical work of Chris Manak and Jeff Carlson’s "Stones Throw Records".
After leaving The Electra, Brian attended college and formed two other local bands, Canterbury (1992–1995) and Widow’s Mite (1995–2000). Widow’s Mite was signed to the music label Hope Records, owned and operated by Rick Wakeman of the influential rock group, Yes.
Education.
Brian Nixon graduated from California State University, Stanislaus, with a B.A in Liberal Studies, Trinity Seminary with an M.A in Religious Education, St. Alcuin House with a D. Phil. in Christian Education, and is a Fellow at Oxford Graduate School.
Christian ministry.
Prior to Brian's involvement with Calvary Chapel, Nixon was a licensed minister within the Church of the Brethren, active in Christian peacemaking.
Brian is the founder of Calvary Chapel Education Association (CCEA), established in 2004.
Brian directed and produced a ten-part documentary interview with famed guitar makers, Pimentel and Sons, before the death of the founder, Lorenzo Pimentel.
He is currently a teacher in Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA at Calvary of Albuquerque where he lectures on Church History.
Music.
Brian Nixon wrote the modern hymn, Gloria Exaltus, with text co-written by Skip Heitzig.

</doc>
<doc id="20005398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005398" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend

The 12.SS-Panzer-Division "Hitlerjugend". ("Hitler Youth") was a German Waffen SS armoured division which saw action on the Western front during World War II. As part of the Waffen-SS, it was found to be a criminal organization by the Nuremberg Trials. The 12th SS Panzer-Division established a reputation for being very effective during its short life. This military reputation has been damaged by proven and alleged war crimes committed by Hitlerjugend soldiers during the first days the division was in combat in Normandy.
The "Hitlerjugend" was unique because the majority of its junior enlisted men were drawn from members of the Hitler Youth born in 1926, while the senior NCOs and officers were generally veterans of the Eastern Front.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20005406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005406" title="Greek Apocalypse of Daniel">
Greek Apocalypse of Daniel

The Greek Apocalypse of Daniel is a Christian pseudepigraphic text (one whose claimed authorship is unfounded) attributed to the Biblical Daniel and so associated with the Old Testament, but not regarded as scripture by Jews or any Christian group. The canonical Book of Daniel has much apocalyptic imagery, and this apocalyptic-style text deals with a similar subject. It was rediscovered and published at the end of 19th century.
It shall not be confused with numerous other medieval works ascribed to Daniel or to Methodius, as the Syriac Apocalypse of Daniel of the seventh century, the Hebrew Apocalypse of Daniel of the twelfth century or the Apocalypse of Pseudo-Methodius.
The "Apocalypse of Daniel" has been written in Greek in the Byzantine Empire on about the early years of the ninth century CE. The original date of certain elements could be centuries earlier than that of the document as a whole.
This text can be divided in two sections. The first one (chapters 1-7) predicts the Byzantine–Arab War of the eighth century and the enthronement of Charlemagne. The remaining chapters (8-14) describe the origin and personal characteristics of the AntiChrist.

</doc>
<doc id="20005429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005429" title="Astragalus bolanderi">
Astragalus bolanderi

Astragalus bolanderi is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Bolander's milkvetch. It is native to western Nevada and parts of the Sierra Nevada in California. It grows in dry, rocky habitat on mountain and plateau.
Description.
"Astragalus bolanderi" is a perennial herb producing erect, drooping, or creeping stems up to 40 centimeters long. The stems are mostly naked, with a sparse coat of long, wavy hairs and a few leaves on the upper parts. The leaves are up to 16 centimeters long and are made up of very widely spaced oval to nearly lance-shaped leaflets each up to 2 centimeters long. The leaflet has a hard midrib that ends in a point at the tip. 
The inflorescence is a dense cluster of 7 to 18 pealike flowers. Each flower is between 1 and 2 centimeters long and is purple-tinted white. The fruit is an inflated, curved legume pod up to 3 centimeters long. It dries to a thick papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20005441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005441" title="Pacific Securities">
Pacific Securities

The Pacific Securities Co., Ltd. is a Kunming-based company principally engaged in the securities industry. The company is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Public, SHA:601099).
The Company's businesses include securities agency services such as securities trading (including foreign capital stocks listed in China), paying principal, interest and dividend, and new account registration; securities custody and identification; securities proprietary trading; securities underwriting (including main underwriting); securities investment consulting (including financial consulting), and other businesses approved by China Securities Regulatory Commission. During the fiscal year of 2007, the Company obtained approximately 53% and 45% of its total revenue from its securities investment business and brokerage business, respectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="20005451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005451" title="Samuel Gould">
Samuel Gould

Samuel Gould may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20005454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005454" title="Oana Petrovschi">
Oana Petrovschi

Oana Andreea Petrovschi (born February 5, 1986 in Bârlad, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She is a silver world medalist on uneven bars and a bronze European medalist on vault. In 2002 she was elected "Sportsman of the year" in Hunedoara County.

</doc>
<doc id="20005503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005503" title="Denise Fleming">
Denise Fleming

Denise K. Fleming (January 31, 1950) is an American creator of children's picture books. She was born in Toledo, Ohio. She graduated in illustration (after a change from advertising design) from Kendall College of Art and Design in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Her first book, "In the Tall, Tall Grass", was published by Henry Holt and Company in 1991. According to one library summary, "Rhymed text (crunch, munch, caterpillars lunch) presents a toddler's view of creatures found in the grass from lunchtime till nightfall, such as bees, ants, and moles." It was critically well received and its sequel, "In the Small, Small Pond" (Holt, 1993), was a runner-up for the 1994 Caldecott Medal. 
Twenty years later, "In the Small, Small Pond" was runner-up for the inaugural, 2013 Phoenix Picture Book Award. The Phoenix Awards recognize the best children's books published twenty years earlier that did not win major contemporary awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20005507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005507" title="Avondale Mill">
Avondale Mill

The Avondale Mill was a large gable-front stone structure, three stories in height, and 10 bays long by three wide. It was located on the bank of the Patuxent River in the city of Laurel, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was constructed in 1844-1845. At that time it was provided with the machinery for the manufacture of fine cloth, running 1,500 cotton spindles. In the mid-1850s, it was converted to a gristmill. The waters of the Patuxent provided a 8-9 foot fall and gave the mill 60-70 horsepower to use. George William Brown purchased the 21.7 acre property and outbuildings from Benjamin F. Crabbs, but sold his holdings in a mortgage auction on 20 October 1897. By 1904, the mill employed only 4 people, but produced $10,400 in product annually. Avondale Mill was the only one of Laurel's 19th century mills to have survived into the late 20th century. A devastating fire on December 19, 1991, destroyed the mill. The remains were then demolished and the site cleared for use as a community park.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20005513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005513" title="Lovers in Japan">
Lovers in Japan

"Lovers in Japan" is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay. It was written by all members of the band for their fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". The song is built around an introductory tack piano sound, then followed by chiming guitars and soaring choruses, supported by the pianos and rhythms that accompany the song's lyrics. The album version of "Lovers in Japan" also includes the track "Reign of Love".
It was released as a promotional radio single on 3 November 2008 and peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. The song also charted at number 19 on "Billboard"s Adult Top 40 chart. "Lovers in Japan" was well received by music critics, who praised the track's general sound. Although the promotional single is seen as the fourth single from the album, the version on the single is the Osaka Sun Mix, which is featured on "Prospekt's March EP".
Writing and composition.
When asked about the development of the song, during a track-by-track reveal, drummer Will Champion said:
We were in a studio in New York, this place called the Magic Shop, and it had this thing called a tack piano there, which sounds like an old honky-tonk piano, where you put little tacks in the hammers, so it sounds like more of a harpsichord almost. And so we wanted to use that kind of sound, but we didn't have a tack piano, so rather than sample it, we went and bought an old piano from the shop up the road from our studio, and we bought a load of tacks, and me and Guy and Jon spent a couple of hours pushing tacks into the piano hammers.
On "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", "Lovers in Japan" transitions seamlessly into a second track entitled "Reign of Love". In an interview with "Q" magazine, bassist Guy Berryman explained that the band could not make up their minds about the track listing, as they had discussed that they wanted to keep the album concise with a total of ten tracks and an intended length of under 42 minutes. Champion further stated, "We just preferred to have less titles and more stuff. The album as a whole has got the most on it, but it’s the shortest. We wanted to make it almost impossible for you to not listen to it all in one go." In addition, vocalist Chris Martin revealed that the band had wanted to have a "two-in-one" song title, as American recording artist Justin Timberlake had done the same on his album "FutureSex/LoveSounds" (2006).
The song's instrumentation features an introductory detuned tack piano sound, progressing to feature upbeat guitar riffs and soaring choruses. Towards the end, it builds into a rhythmically soaring, sound, compared by critics to that of Irish rock band U2. Martin sings about the shortness of time, as well as "runners who must run until the race is won" and "soldiers who must soldier on" in the second and third verses of the song.
Release and reception.
Coldplay released "Lovers in Japan" in the United States on 3 November 2008 as the fourth single from "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". A new mix of the song is also featured in the band's 2008 EP "Prospekt's March", entitled "Lovers in Japan (Osaka Sun Mix)". Chris Martin said of the "Prospekt's March" version of the song: "We've been playing it live better than it is on the record. So the live version has informed this Osaka Sun version, which is just a bit more lively." "Lovers in Japan" was released as a radio-only single in the United States and later entered "Billboard"s Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks chart, where it peaked at number 32 on the issue dated 29 November 2008. The track also peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart and at number 65 on the Pop 100 chart. Outside of the United States, "Lovers in Japan" peaked at number 41 on the Japan Hot 100.
Critics were positive towards the song. Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian" review of the album, wrote: "Chris Martin's melodies ... shine: even his loudest detractor could hardly deny his way with a tune as evidenced here by '42' and 'Lovers in Japan'." Evan Sawdey of PopMatters remarked that the song is "stunning, jaw-dropping highlight". He added that "Martin pounds away at a bouncy toy-piano melody ... leading into a chorus where guitarist Jonny Buckland gets to unleash what might be the catchiest guitar riff he's written... (and yes, he absolutely bathes in the moment)." Joey Guerra of the "Houston Chronicle" described "Lovers in Japan" as a "joyous, romantic anthem that combines wistful rock riffs and gorgeous piano". He also wrote that the song is one of "the disc's best moments".
Jed Gottlieb of the "Boston Herald" remarked that the piano sound in "Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love" hints at the 1968 song "Lady Madonna" by The Beatles, "before taking a neo-classical, Chopin-does-Britpop route". Jeff Crawford of the "City Messenger" wrote, "'Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love' and 'Strawberry Swing' rank among the band's best work". Josh Hathaway from "The Plain Dealer" wrote that "Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love" works "in just the opposite direction with 'Lovers' playing like an update of vintage Simple Minds, an almost anthem that never fully takes flight, before giving way to the gentle 'Reign of Love'".
Music video.
A music video for the single, directed by Mat Whitecross in London, was released on 31 October 2008 through the iTunes Store. The video was made available for free for a week on the American and Canadian iTunes Stores. The video utilises the "Osaka Sun Mix" version of the song.
The first half of the video shows the band playing in a courtyard while each member writes certain words from the lyrics in glowing neon on the screen. During the chorus, the camera spins around in circles to go along with the lines "They are turning my head out". The video ends with butterfly-shaped confetti raining on the band, as happens when each chorus is played at live concerts, along with the words "The End" on the screen behind the band as they take a bow.

</doc>
<doc id="20005554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005554" title="Princess Marie Louise">
Princess Marie Louise

Princess Marie Louise may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20005555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005555" title="Argyle House School">
Argyle House School

Argyle House School is an Independent school in North East England. It was founded in 1884. Though not in the original location, it is still located in the same area, Thornhill and borders Ashbrooke about five minutes walk away from Sunderland city centre. It caters for pupils from ages 2 to 16, and at the time of the last inspection in 2009, had 130 boys and 100 girls in attendance.
The Head Teacher is Christopher Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="20005562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005562" title="Embramine">
Embramine

Embramine is an antihistamine and anticholinergic.

</doc>
<doc id="20005572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005572" title="Henry Gellibrand">
Henry Gellibrand

Henry Gellibrand (1597–1637) was an English mathematician. He is known for his work on the Earth's magnetic field. He discovered that magnetic declination – the angle of dip of a compass needle – is not constant but changes over time. He announced this in 1635, relying on previous observations by others, which had not yet been correctly interpreted.
He also devised a method for measuring longitude, based on eclipses. The mathematical tables of Henry Briggs, consisting of logarithms of trigonometric functions, were published by Gellibrand in 1633 as "Trigonometria Britannica".
He was Professor at Gresham College, succeeding Edmund Gunter in 1626. He was buried in St Peter Le Poer.

</doc>
<doc id="20005578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005578" title="Moxastine">
Moxastine

Moxastine is an antihistamine and anticholinergic.

</doc>
<doc id="20005586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005586" title="Communist Party of Kirghizia">
Communist Party of Kirghizia

The Communist Party of Kirghizia (, ) was the ruling political party and the arm of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic (modern Kyrgyzstan).

</doc>
<doc id="20005611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005611" title="Social Insurance Institute">
Social Insurance Institute

The Social Insurance Institute (, IKA) is the largest social security organisation in Greece: its beneficiaries are 5,530,000 members of the Greek working population and 830,000 pensioners.
It is run by the Greek state.

</doc>
<doc id="20005616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005616" title="Cağaloğlu Hamam">
Cağaloğlu Hamam

The Cağaloğlu Hamam, finished in 1741, is the last hamam to be built in the Ottoman Empire. It was constructed in Istanbul Eminönü, in Alemdar, on Hilal-i Ahmer street as a public hamam to raise revenue for the library of Sultan Mahmud I, previously situated inside the mosque of Ayasofya. It was begun by one of the head architects of that time, Suleyman Aga, and finished by Abdullah Aga. It is the last example of its kind to be built in Istanbul and is still operational in our time.

</doc>
<doc id="20005638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005638" title="Carl Friedrich von Pückler-Burghauss">
Carl Friedrich von Pückler-Burghauss

Carl Friedrich Count of Pückler-Burghauss, Baron of Groditz (b. October 7, 1886 in Friedland, Silesia (now Korfantów in Poland) d. 13 May 1945 in Čimelice, Bohemia, today's Czech Republic) was a German politician and Waffen-SS officer in the rank of SS-Gruppenführer and Lieutenant General of the Waffen-SS and member of the German parliament during the Weimar Republic and also a writer, publishing works on hunting and travel.
Pückler-Burghauss began his military career as a second lieutenant in the infantry branch during the First World War and won the Iron Cross First and Second Classes. He left the army in 1919 as captain and served with Freikorps units until 1931 when he joined the Nazi Party and the SA and later SS.
Pückler-Burghauss was member of the National Socialist German Workers' Party und Officer of the Waffen-SS. Through year 1943 he was a commander of 15th Waffen-SS division on Eastern front and later was a chief of Waffen-SS units in Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.
After Nazi Germany capitulated on May 7, 1945 Pückler-Burghauss refused to surrender to the Soviets and attempted to move the troops under his command into the American occupation zone. The Americans had refused and after heavy fighting (see Battle of Slivice) he was forced to sign capitulation on the night of May 11/12. Shortly afterwards he committed suicide.
Personal life.
On 20 May 1913, Pückler-Burghauss married Princess Olga Elisabeth of Saxe-Altenburg (1886–1955), the elder daughter of Prince Albert of Saxe-Altenburg and Princess Marie of Prussia, a great-niece of the German Emperor Wilhelm I. Princess Olga was closely related to the British and Swedish royal families via her maternal aunt, Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia who married Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, the third son of Queen Victoria. Her cousin was Princess Margaret, Crown Princess of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20005640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005640" title="Roberto Noble">
Roberto Noble

Roberto Noble (September 9, 1902January 12, 1969) was an Argentine politician, journalist and publisher, perhaps best known for having founded "Clarín", long Argentina's leading newsdaily and the most or second-most circulated in the Spanish-speaking world.
Life and times.
Early career.
Born to privilege in the city of La Plata, Roberto Noble developed a socialist ideology as an adolescent, having already earned some renown by 1918 agitating for the movement to reform Argentina's university system, whose curriculum had hitherto been largely dictated by conservative Catholics. Obtaining a Law Degree at the prestigious National University of La Plata, he joined the Socialist Party of Argentina, and later aligned himself with the dissident Independent Socialists. This party split from the Socialist Party to seek an alliance with conservatives sharing their distaste for the populist Hipólito Yrigoyen for the 1928 elections (which Yrigoyen won). 
Noble was a vocal advocate for the overthrow of President Yrigoyen, whose high-handed style of governing put him in a precarious situation following the Wall Street Crash of 1929. The regime that deposed the aging Yrigoyen in a coup in September, 1930, gave way to elections the following year, for which the new regime organized the Concordance, a coalition of the National Autonomist Party (the conservative party in power during most of the 1880-1916 era) with centrist Radical Civic Union figures opposed to Yrigoyen and amenable Socialists. Having been part of the latter group since 1927, Noble joined the ticket and was elected to the Chamber of Deputies (lower house of congress). Representing the city of Buenos Aires until 1936, he introduced a number of progressive bills that became law, including needed anti-abuse reforms to rural Argentina's Justice of the Peace system and the landmark Law 11723, the basis for Argentina's Law of Intellectual and Artistic Property. 
These accomplishments brought him to the attention of the president of the Chamber of Deputies, Manuel Fresco, who appointed Noble second vice-president of the body. Elected governor of the Province of Buenos Aires in November, 1935, on the Corcordance ticket through fraud, as many Concordance lawmakers were during the "Infamous Decade," Fresco initiated a number of needed housing and highway projects, among other public works. He appointed Noble minister of government, a prominent post which drew ire from Fresco's more conservative colleagues within the party. Noble's encouragement of the governor's relatively progressive social policy (particularly land reform) also convinced many in the Concordance that Fresco had clear presidential ambitions. Forcing Noble to resign his post and Fresco to step aside, the party rigged the 1940 elections in favor of a staunchly reactionary candidate, Alberto Barceló.
This disappointment led Noble to renounce direct political involvement in the future. He turned to the promotion of cultural activities and was appointed head of the National Commission for Culture, a body he helped create during his days in the lower house. Seeking an alternative to Buenos Aires's three principal newsdailies, "La Nación", "La Prensa" and "La Razón" (all of a decidedly conservative bent), Noble sold and the bulk of his estate (including his prized pampas ranch) for US$1.6 million and, printing an initial distribution of 60,000 copies, he inaugurated "Clarín" (the "Clarion") on Tuesday, August 28, 1945.
"Clarín".
"A touch of Argentine attention to Argentine problems," as he billed "Clarín", the daily's tabloid format stood out in newsstands from its broadsheet competitors and sold out on its first day in Buenos Aires newsstands. It also stood out for its innovative front page layout. Sporting large headlines, relatively brief introductory text below each, and copious illustrations, the front page served primarily as a table of contents inviting the reader to look inside for more. The iconic title, moreover, was placed to accommodate the layout and could be found anywhere on the top half of the paper's smaller, more manageable front page, giving the daily a whimsical touch. This design, a novelty in 1945, made "Clarín" more "reader-friendly" than other local dailies and later influenced newspaper front pages around the world, including British tabloids and news dailies such as "USA Today".
The attention-catching paper soon developed a loyal contingent of readers, however, because of its professed neutrality. Inaugurated two months before the birth of the Peronist movement, arguably the central political development in Argentina since 1945, "Clarín" provoked few conflicts with the imposing new President Juan Perón, whose opposition Democratic Union he had endorsed; whereas "La Nación" and "La Prensa" personally accused Perón and, particularly, the first lady, Eva Perón (whom "La Prensa" only referred to as "the wife of the president") of the day's problems, "Clarín" focused on issues of social and economic development (particularly Argentina's budding industrialization, a concern it shared with the Perón administration), offering articles rich in facts, figures and anecdotes with limited editorials. It also benefited from Perón's hostility towards some competing magazines and dailies, particularly "La Prensa", which Perón expropriated in April, 1951 (on the eve of his reelection campaign).
The tireless Noble met Ernestina Herrera while on one of his rare vacations, in 1950. He and the 25-year old Flamenco dancer, who had little in common, soon developed a relationship. The confirmed bachelor, however, also enjoyed a relationship with Guadalupe Zapata, a Chilean divorcée, whom he married in 1958 (the couple had a girl, Guadalupe, in 1959). The matrimony was an unhappy one, however, leading to their separation a few years later. 
Earning renown as both a businessman and journalist, he was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Malta in 1951 and Columbia University's prestigious Maria Moors Cabot prize in 1955. Noble, a supporter of developmentalism, endorsed Arturo Frondizi who, during his 1958-62 presidency promulgated the Law of Foreign Investment and other incentives which, together, resulted in sharp increases in energy and industrial production (leading to the elimination of Argentina's stubborn trade deficits of the 1950s). "Clarín"'s support of these measures helped lead to its widespread preference by the Argentine middle class (Latin America's largest, proportionately) and, by 1965, "Clarín" enjoyed the largest circulation in Argentina, a trend reinforced by innovations such as weekly color supplements and thematic inserts (firsts in the Argentine newspaper industry).
Noble resisted the drive towards unionization being felt across Argentina's vast publishing industry during the 1960s, a development primarily a result of publishing workers' union leader Raimundo Ongaro, whose Socialist ideology put him at odds with the paramount CGT labor federation. Interviewed at the time regarding his career, Noble described his own early Socialist affiliations as a "youthful indiscretion." Attempts on the part of "Clarín" employees to organize were likewise met with swift dismissals, a policy facilitated by Argentina's return to military dictatorship in 1966. Noble had, however, not supported the 1966 coup against the moderate Arturo Illia. Close to President Illia's War Secretary, General Ignacio Ávalos, he supported Ávalos' efforts to persuade Illia to remove the Head of the Armed Forces Joint Chiefs, Juan Carlos Onganía, whom Ávalos suspected of plotting a coup despite the wily Onganía's protestations of loyalty. 
His health declining, he established the Noble Foundation in 1966 for charitable purposes and married his longtime companion, Ernestina Herrera in 1967. Roberto Noble died in Buenos Aires two years later, at age 66, and was interred at La Recoleta Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20005651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005651" title="Sparks High School">
Sparks High School

Sparks High School is a public high school located at 820 15th Street, Sparks, Nevada, USA.
It serves about 1150 students as a member of the Washoe County School District. It is ranked in the top-1000 schools based on the number of AP exams.Its known around the area as the "Railroaders" and has a distinct train whistle when a game is taking place. 
Motto.
Students will graduate as productive citizens 
prepared to access a full range of post-secondary 
educational and career opportunities.
Athletics.
Sparks High School's sports clubs are known as the "Railroaders," a reference to the city of Sparks' beginnings as a small railroad town affiliate to Reno in the late 19th century - early 20th century. The Railroaders have competed in the NIAA 3A North League since 2005 and have shown good athletic performances in different sports. They have won numerous league, regional, and state titles throughout the school's history.
Football.
The football Railroaders earned great success and respect throughout northern Nevada and surrounding areas by winning many championships, and undefeated seasons, through the 1920s, 1930s, and 1940s. Coach Edwin "Tip" Whitehead has been credited for building a football dynasty in the 1940s, which had numerous undefeated seasons and won State championships. The athletic complex at Sparks High is named after the iconic coach.
Soccer.
Over the past years, Sparks has been renowned for their boys' soccer team, winning a State title in November 2011, defeating the Wolverines of Truckee High School of Truckee, CA by a scored of 1-0 on a lone goal from Roger Garcia for the 3A State title. The latest State winning team was captained by Noe España and Mitchell Garcia. Success in soccer has not only happened against the 3A, but also against the 4A, where the soccer Railroaders have proved themselves as one of the best teams in Nevada, and the West Coast. The team has been renowned enough as a soccer power to receive a sponsorship from Nike.
Basketball.
Dominated by the Sparks High has also been boys' basketball. After having fallen short in years before, the Railroader won the Nevada 3A State title in February 2011, knocking off the Buckaroos of Lowry High School of Winnemucca, NV in the championship match-up, at Lawlor Events Center on the campus of the University of Nevada in Reno.

</doc>
<doc id="20005658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005658" title="K (Kylie Minogue book)">
K (Kylie Minogue book)

K is a limited edition photographic book by Australian pop artist Kylie Minogue and her creative director William Baker. It was released to coincide with her KylieX2008 world tour in 2008. Only 1,000 copies were printed, all signed by both Minogue and Baker.
The book contains photographs taken by Baker of Minogue from her return to the stage at the 2006 to the current KylieX2008 tour. Many photographs were previously unreleased. According to Minogue's website, "the book documents a pivotal and intensely emotional part of Kylie’s life, when she took the first brave steps back into the limelight – and her progression from that point."
The book was available for sale at her concerts for £250.00.

</doc>
<doc id="20005669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005669" title="Puzzle (Gianna Nannini album)">
Puzzle (Gianna Nannini album)

Puzzle is the sixth album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1984.
Singles history.
The music video for the song "Fotoromanza" was directed by famous Italian director Michaelangelo Antonioni.

</doc>
<doc id="20005670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005670" title="2008–09 Liga II">
2008–09 Liga II

The 2008–09 Liga II was the 69th season of Liga II, the second tier of the Romanian football league system. The season began on August 16, 2008 and finished on June 13, 2009.
The top two teams from each series were promoted at the end of the season to the Liga I, while the bottom four were relegated to the Liga III.
Standings.
"Seria I is on the left hand side, Seria II is on the right hand side"
"As of May 10, 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="20005731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005731" title="Saybia (EP)">
Saybia (EP)

Saybia is the debut EP by Danish rock band Saybia.
In other media.
The song "Fool's Corner" was used on the soundtrack of the 2001 Danish film "En kort en lang".

</doc>
<doc id="20005732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005732" title="USS Morristown (ID-3580)">
USS Morristown (ID-3580)

USS "Morristown" (ID-3580) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
The cargo ship SS "Morristown" was built by the Standard Shipbuilding Company, Shooters’ Island, New York, in 1918. The U.S. Navy acquired her for World War I service from the Russian Volunteer Fleet on 18 October 1918 at Hoboken, New Jersey, assigned her the Identification Number (Id. No.) 3580, and commissioned her the same day with Lieutenant Allen D. Tucker, USNRF, in command.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS), "Morristown" sailed from New York City on 27 October 1918 in convoy for Europe, arriving at La Pallice, France, on 15 November 1918 to debark her cargo of United States Army supplies and airplanes. She made two more runs to European ports with ammunition and general cargo before departing Dartmouth, England, for the United States East Coast on 25 May 1919.
Arriving at Norfolk, Virginia, on 9 June 1919, "Morristown" decommissioned on 13 June 1919 and was delivered to the United States Shipping Board (USSB). She remained in USSB custody as SS "Morristown" until sold for scrap on 4 January 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20005769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005769" title="Beall's Pleasure">
Beall's Pleasure

Beall's Pleasure is a historic home located in Landover, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It was built in 1795 as the summer home of Benjamin Stoddert who later became the first Secretary of the Navy.
The building is a 2-story Federal brick house with a -story brick wing added in 1936. The building is 5 bays wide in the front and 3 at the rear. The brick has been laid in common bond.
The garden was landscaped in 1936, by Boris V. Timchenko, long-time chief architect of the annual National Capital Flower and Garden Show, and later designer of gardens for President John F. Kennedy and Mrs. Mamie Eisenhower.
Beall's Pleasure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20005788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005788" title="Esteban Gutiérrez">
Esteban Gutiérrez

Esteban Manuel Gutiérrez Gutiérrez (; born 5 August 1991), is a Mexican racing driver. He drives currently for the Sauber Formula One team, partnering Adrian Sutil.
In 2008, he won the Formula BMW Europe championship title, becoming the youngest Mexican driver to win an International Championship at 17 years old. He also won the inaugural GP3 season in 2010. He became the first GP3 graduate to finish in the top three of the GP2 parent series in 2012, with the Lotus GP team.
Personal life.
Gutiérrez was born in Monterrey, Nuevo León, is the second of four brothers and one sister. His father Robert Manuel Gutiérrez and mother Clara Gutiérrez are frequently seen at Esteban's races. Esteban shares the passion for karting with his brother Andrés, seven years older than him. Gutiérrez is part of the young talent program of Escudería Telmex. Gutiérrez enjoys karting, motorcycling, golf, virtual races and skiing.
Early career.
Karting.
Gutiérrez started his career in 2004 in the Mexican Rotax Max Challenge when he raced in the last 3 events of the season. In 2005, he again competed in the Mexican Rotax Max Challenge, and also raced in the Grand Nationals in South Bend, Indiana, where he finished third, which earned him a place at the World Finals in Malaysia, where he finished 22nd due to mechanical problems.
In 2006, Esteban won all 5 races in the Camkart Challenge Mexico, and again he raced in the Mexican Rotax Max Challenge. He also finished 4th in the Mexican Grand Nationals in Zacatecas, Mexico.
Formula BMW Series.
2007.
In 2007, Gutiérrez made the step up into the single-seater ranks, competing in the Formula BMW USA series. He finished second overall in the championship, with 4 wins, 8 podiums, 9 pole positions and 3 fastest laps, earning him Rookie of the Year honours. Despite finishing second, Gutiérrez finished some 87 points behind runaway champion Daniel Morad.
Gutiérrez raced at the Formula BMW World Final in 2007, eventually finishing last of the classified finishers in 25th.
2008.
Gutiérrez moved across to Europe to compete in the 2008 Formula BMW Europe championship, which was the championship's maiden season after the merging of the British and German series. He won the championship by 26 points from his closest rival Marco Wittmann, taking 7 wins, 6 of which consecutively, and appearing on the podium another 5 times. Out of the seasons 16 races, he only finished outside the points twice in the whole season and retired once overall, giving him a final score of 353 points.
In his final FBMW race, Gutiérrez qualified on pole and finished third at the 2008 World Final in Mexico City, beaten only by the current FBMW Americas champion at the time Alexander Rossi and Michael Christensen.
Formula 3 Euro Series.
For 2009, Gutiérrez moved up to the Formula 3 Euro Series with a seat at reigning champions ART Grand Prix alongside Jules Bianchi, Valtteri Bottas and Adrien Tambay. He finished ninth overall in the championship, taking two podiums at the Nürburgring and Dijon Prenois.
He ended the season with 26 points altogether, putting Mexico sixth in the "Nations Cup".
GP3 Series.
2010 saw Gutiérrez move to the GP3 Series, competing for ART Grand Prix. He joined Pedro Nunes and Alexander Rossi at the team. Gutiérrez won the inaugural season with two races to spare by taking pole position, and the resultant two bonus points that came with it, for the final race weekend in Monza. Gutiérrez dominated the whole season as he scored 10 times out of the 16 races, with 8 podium finishes and 5 wins. He only failed to finish once during the last sprint race at Monza.
GP2 Series.
2009.
Gutiérrez was invited to the GP2 test in Jerez, Spain for the 2009 season on 6 October for ART Grand Prix, his first time in a GP2 car. During the morning session, he finished 11th fastest, and for the afternoon session, he finished 6th with a time just over half a second slower than the fastest time set by Jules Bianchi, who was also driving for ART. He was also recognised as the third fastest rookie of the day. Gutiérrez again participated in another test session for GP2 at the end of year test in Paul Ricard, France for Telmex Arden International. On the first day on 10 November, he finished 10th in the morning session, and 11th in the afternoon. He was called back for the third day on 12 November, and finished 7th in the morning session, and back to 11th in the afternoon.
2010.
At the end of 2010, after winning the Inaugural GP3 season with ART, the GP2 sister team signed him for a full drive for the 2011 season so he participated at the end of year tests in Abu Dhabi throughout November. The first day of testing on 23 November was good for Gutiérrez, as he finished 6th in the morning session, and then followed that up by finishing 2nd in the afternoon session. On the second day, he finished 5th in both morning and afternoon sessions. After a 2 day break, the tests resumed on the 27th, with Gutiérrez finishing 5th in the morning session, but dropping down to 24th in the afternoon, giving him the 17th fastest lap of the day after driving the most laps of both sessions combined at 62. On the 4th and final day of the test, he achieved the 5th fastest lap in the morning session, but again dropped back in the afternoon down to 24th, giving him 16th overall.
2011.
After being signed for the team at the end of 2010, ART Grand Prix was renamed Lotus ART for the 2011. He was paired with Jules Bianchi for both the GP2 series and GP2 Asia series. He finished eleventh in the 2011 GP2 Asia series after taking a single 4th place finish at the Imola sprint race, after failing to score during the other 3 races in the series. In the main series, he scored his first points with a 7th place finish in the Valencia feature race after not scoring a single point during the rounds beforehand, and then he followed this up with his first GP2 series victory at the sprint race as well as setting his first fastest lap.
He eventually finished 13th in the drivers' championship after only scoring twice more including a 2nd place finish in the sprint race at Hungary. He remained with Lotus ART for the 2012 season, with the team being renamed Lotus GP after the increased sponsorship from Lotus, and was partnered with James Calado.
Gutiérrez participated in the 2011 GP2 Final in Abu Dhabi on 12 November, which was supposed to be the starting round of the 2012 GP2 Asia series, but as the series was combined with the GP2 main series for 2012, it was made as a non championship round. He finished first in the practice session for the race, after setting a time that was 0.5 seconds faster than the nearest competitor. He had qualified in 8th position for the feature race, but he had to enter the pits in order to repair a damaged rear wing sustained when he was hit by Stefano Coletti at Turn 1 on the first lap and eventually finished one lap down from the race winner in 21st place. The sprint race was a different story however, after starting from the 10th row of the grid in 21st, he made an exceptional race out of it and finished 5th, even though he was down in 9th on the last lap, taking 2 points and finishing 8th overall for the Final.
2012.
Gutiérrez started the 2012 season with a double points finish at the first race in Malaysia including a second place in the sprint race. He followed this up with a third and another second place finish at the first Bahrain round in the feature and sprint races respectively. However, after the Lotus GP drivers opted to sit out the practice session for the second round to conserve tires, Gutiérrez qualified poorly in 14th due to the difference in conditions, but eventually made up enough places to score a point with tenth, and then finished fourth in the sprint race. At the race in Catalunya, he managed another double points-scoring result with tenth and seventh-place finishes, and also the fastest lap in the feature race.
Gutiérrez's run of points-scoring finishes ended in Monaco where he was running in eighth position for most of the feature race before hitting the barriers several laps before the finish. He pitted for a new nosecone, but by then he was well out of contention for points and eventually pulled into his pit-box, but he was classified as a finisher since he had completed 90% of the race distance. His sprint race was considerably better, as a first-lap crash between ten other drivers enabled him to jump from 23rd to 12th in a few corners, and after consistently setting quick laps throughout the rest of the race, he once again made it into the final points-scoring position of eighth.
In Valencia, Gutiérrez qualified on the second row in third, before he was penalised for impeding other drivers and dropped two places down into fifth. During the race, Gutiérrez managed to make up a few places at the start and was running in third position for most of the race before the first safety car came out, leaving his team mate in first place the only one left to pit. A few laps later the race started again but there was another scrap which led to a second safety car period, where Calado finally pitted for fresh rubber bringing Gutiérrez up into second for the restart, where he dived down the inside of Fabio Leimer to take the lead and kept it until the checkered flag, giving him his first feature race win at the same track he won his first sprint race the year before. During the sprint race, Gutiérrez ran into the back of a crashed Ericsson on the second corner, where he was then hit from behind by Coletti and Valsecchi taking him out of the race and giving him his first retirement of the season.
Silverstone was to be another great round for Gutiérrez, where he managed to get himself up on to the second row of the grid after benefiting from near by drivers suffering from penalties, as well as his closest championship rivals receiving penalties too. For the second feature race in a row, he was again in the right place at the right time after pitting first of all the drivers and moving up to second before a safety car was released while the race leader, Leimer, had yet to pit, leaving Gutiérrez to inherit the lead and hold it long enough to finish first, giving him his second feature race win in as many races. He pushed hard in the sprint race to get back on the podium, where after climbing up to fourth from eighth, he out-braked himself trying to pass Felipe Nasr who was running third at time, and lost out to Johnny Cecotto, Jr. and dropped back to fifth. However, he made a do-or-die overtake around the outside of Cecotto at Stowe corner, where his cold tires caused him to have tremendous oversteer and he careered off the circuit, and in his attempt to get back onto the track, he slid off the grass and clouted into the side of the Venezuelan who in turn smashed through a safety barrier and into a tire wall. Gutiérrez managed to limp to the line with a severely damaged car to take the checkered flag in fourth place. A few hours after the race, Gutiérrez was found to have caused an avoidable collision and was given a 10-place grid penalty for the next race.
In Hockenheim, Gutiérrez qualified down in 12th position, which was then 22nd with his penalty from Silverstone applied. For the feature race, he managed to make up many places on a drying track and was locked in a last lap battle for ninth with Ericsson before Tom Dillmann overtook the both of them leaving Gutiérrez to reclaim tenth and the final points position. For the sprint race he made a good start off the line and gradually took place by place but was unable to pass Fabio Leimer on the last few laps and had to settle for fifth. With only 7 points to his name, he failed to capitalise on championship rivals Luiz Razia and Velsecchi's short comings at the round. A week later in Hungary, he managed to qualify up in seventh position, and led the race with a 20 second lead at one point, but with a one stop strategy and failing to get up to speed after the pit-stop on his new super-soft tires, he finished down in eighth. Starting from reverse pole for the sprint race, Gutiérrez easily cruised to another series win by 3.5 seconds over Nathanaël Berthon with Razia a further 12 seconds behind, giving him his 3rd win of the season and keeping him in third place in the championship for another round.
Belgium ended up as his worst round of the season despite qualifying in third for the feature race. He had a good start and kept position but touched the grass while attempting to pass Rio Haryanto and slipped back into fourth. He did manage to pass his teammate down the hill from turn 1 but a first corner collision meant he passed under yellow flags which was under investigation for most of the race. A botched pit-stop where his rear right wheel stuck was only the beginning of his bad luck where a major crash caused a safety car period and then the race was red flagged a few laps later. Despite allowing Calado to re-take his position under the safety car earlier in the race, he was still deemed to have overtaken under yellow flags on the first corner and was given a drive through penalty, and despite racing back through the field, he finished 11th. During the sprint race, crashes throughout the first lap meant that championship rivals Razia and Valsecchi were out of the points giving him a great opportunity to catch up. He did manage to get up to eighth on the first lap, but while running in fifth, he made an over ambitious overtake around Les Combes on Julián Leal caused them both to spin into the gravel trap effectively ruining his race and leaving him in 13th at the finish line. The no points scoring round moved him down into fourth in the championship.
Monza didn't go well again for Gutiérrez, as he qualified down in ninth, and then went on to finish exactly where he started, after being mugged of his reverse pole position in the dying moments by Colleti. The sprint race went no better, as damage on the first lap caused his front wing to lose a lot of downforce before he finally went straight into the wall around the Parabolica corner, giving him only his second retirement of the season. At the final round in Singapore, he was out of the running for the championship, but could still achieve third in the championship. He qualified in third on the gird and jumped ahead of a slow moving Luca Filippi up into second, where he stayed for the rest of the race as he couldn't get by Max Chilton. He took the fastest lap of the race giving him his third place in the championship back, but he was only 3 points ahead of Chilton. During the sprint race, both Chilton and Calado dropped out of contention for points giving him third place overall in for the season as he cruised home in sixth position.
His third place in the championship marked him the first GP3 graduate to finish in the top 3 of the GP2 series, with 176 points, 3 wins, 4 other separate podiums and 5 fastest laps, equalling Valsecchi's total for the year for most fastest laps of the season.
Formula One.
Gutiérrez first tested a BMW Sauber Formula One car in December 2009 as part of his prize for winning the Formula BMW Europe championship. Despite the team losing its BMW backing for , he joined it as an observer for some race weekends and has been placed on the same training programme as race drivers Pedro de la Rosa and Kamui Kobayashi. Later in the season, he was officially named as the team's test and reserve driver on 10 September. On 16 November 2010 he took part in the young drivers test in Abu Dhabi setting the 4th fastest time of the day, just over six tenths of a second off the qualifying time set by Kamui Kobayashi.
He almost had his debut race for Sauber at the 2011 Canadian Grand Prix when race driver Sergio Pérez was still unwell from a crash at the previous race in Monaco. As Gutiérrez was the test and reserve driver for the team, he would have been selected to race instead. However, due to the timing of the event and a driver being needed by the end of free practice two, and the fact that he was in Mexico at the time, Gutiérrez was unable to take over the car and instead the team opted to use former race driver and McLaren test driver at the time Pedro de la Rosa, much to the despair of Gutiérrez who was said to be 'ready' to race.
On 28 July 2011, it was announced that Gutiérrez would remain as Sauber's reserve driver into the season. Gutiérrez again took part for the team at the young drivers test in Abu Dhabi on 19 November, this time setting 5th fastest lap on Thursday and 7th fastest overall, which was just over one second down on fellow Mexican Sergio Pérez's fastest time in qualifying.
On 26 October 2012, Gutiérrez participated in the first free practice session at the , substituting for an unwell Pérez. He ultimately recorded the 20th fastest time in the session, before Pérez was able to return to the car for the second session.
Sauber (2013).
On 23 November 2012, it was announced that Gutiérrez would remain with Sauber, but was to be promoted to the race team alongside Nico Hülkenberg, who would be joining the team from Force India. His first outing for the team was the , where he qualified in 18th position after crashing during the first qualifying session which was eventually red flagged due to heavy rain. After a solid drive he eventually finished the race thirteenth, the best position of all of the 2013 rookies. In Malaysia, Gutiérrez made it through into Q2 and qualified 14th, and ran an uneventful race to finish in twelfth, after he was forced to pit with five laps remaining.
In China, he only managed to qualify 18th despite his teammate getting through to Q3. His race was cut short on lap 4 when he missed his braking point on the back-straight and pummelled into the back of Adrian Sutil, which resulted in his first retirement of the season. In Bahrain, he once again qualified down in 18th, and started the race last on the grid after receiving a 5 place grid penalty after his crash in China. After spending the race battling with quickly degrading tyres, he finished where he started, albeit, a lap down from the leaders.
Spain was a turning point in Gutiérrez's short Formula One career. After getting though to Q2 for only the second time, he qualified in 16th where all the cars from 2nd to him were between a second of each other. Before the race it was found he had impeded Kimi Räikkönen in qualifying and thus he dropped 3 places on the grid to 19th. He had a very good race compared to previous results; he led the race for a couple of laps after the first stint becoming the 12th different driver in 2013 to do so, and had a close battle midway through the race with Jenson Button, but eventually after a late pit-stop and a charge through the field, he failed to pass Daniel Ricciardo over the last couple of laps, finishing three tenths behind the last point scoring position. He also achieved his first fastest lap of the race, putting him second in the record books for 'Youngest Driver to Set a Fastest Lap' after Nico Rosberg.
Gutiérrez achieved his first points-scoring finish at the ; having started fourteenth on the grid, Gutiérrez made his way up the order and eventually finished the race in seventh place, holding off Nico Rosberg in the closing stages.
On 21 December 2013, it was confirmed that Gutiérrez would continue with Sauber in 2014
Racing record.
Career summary.
† As Gutiérrez was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results.
† As Gutiérrez was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.
Complete GP2 Series results.
† Gutiérrez did not finish the race, but was classified as he had completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="20005796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005796" title="Kamen Rider Dark Kiva">
Kamen Rider Dark Kiva

1986.
The Checkmate Four's original is referred to as the , the lord of all Fangires and the original Kiva who was a threat to humanity in his time. Despite being married to the previous Queen of the Checkmate Four, Maya, he has no actual love for her as her purpose to him was the birth of his son, Taiga Nobori. Due to Wataru Kurenai's actions in 1986, the King loses the powers of Dark Kiva to Otoya Kurenai. Otoya would use this power to battle against him alongside the time-traveling Wataru as Kiva Emperor Form, ultimately weakening the King enough that Taiga redirected his attack and destroyed him. The use of the Dark Kiva power would ultimately cost Otoya his life.
Kamen Rider Dark Kiva.
Dark Kiva only appears to have one form, similar to that of Kiva Emperor Form in black and red. However, Dark Kiva does not require the use of a being such as Tatsulot to achieve this form, and has no chains on his body as Kiva needs to control his power. As Dark Kiva, the user has access to an unlimited potential of power that is hindered within its successor such as telekinesis and the use of the Kiva insignia as a weapon.
As Maya would later explain, the Kiva power cannot be used by a normal human, as usage would ultimately result in death. This would prove to be true, as Otoya had used the Dark Kiva power a total of three times before finally dying due to the strain it put on his body. Shima also mentioned this when Wataru revealed his heritage to him.
Equipment.
Dark Kivat Belt.
The is a means of transforming into Dark Kiva. Similar to how Kiva transforms, it has Kivat-bat the 2nd bite the user, and then perch upside down on the of the belt's to complete the transformation, separating from the belt when certain conditions demand for it like Fuestle-blowing. The Dark Kivat Belt also has six Fueslots to hold the six Fuestles.
Fuestles.
Like Kiva, Dark Kiva accesses its arsenal through whistles on its belt called , which he gives to Kivat the 2nd to blow into to evoke a power-up. Compared to Kiva's Fuestles, his predecessor's emit at a lower pitch similar to a pipe organ.
Zanvat Sword.
The was a sword of great power crafted and used by the King. However, in a fit of rage, he tossed the weapon into Castle Doran's wall to prove he did not love Maya. The weapon remained there until it reacted to Wataru in 2008.
Jacorder.
The is an item that is inserted into Sagarc to evoke the transformation into Saga. When Taiga inherits the power of Dark Kiva, he continues to use the Jacorder as his primary weapon, along with its "Snaking Death Break" finishing attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20005798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005798" title="Římov (České Budějovice District)">
Římov (České Budějovice District)

Římov () is a village and municipality in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic located on left bank of the Malše River about 14 km south of České Budějovice. The municipality consists of six parts: Římov, Branišovice, Dolní Stropnice, Dolní Vesce, Horní Vesce and Kladiny. 
History.
The first written mention of Římov dates from 1395.The village was founded probably in the 13th century and belonged to lower aristocratic families. 
In 1626 Římov became property of Duke of Eggenberg, the owner of the castle in Český Krumlov. In the same year the Duke gave Římov to the Jesuits and they established there a pilgrimage location with large Way of the Cross in 1648. 
The Way contains 25 stations and every year many people are starting their pilgrimage tradition right in Římov. 
Římov Reservoir.
On the Malše River just above the village there is a reservoir providing drinking water for large portion of Southern Bohemia. The dam, completed in 1977, is 47 m high and 290 m long at crest. It creates a reservoir with surface of 210 ha, volume of over 30 million m³ and permanent minimal output of 650 l/s. 

</doc>
<doc id="20005809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005809" title="Assessment in computer-supported collaborative learning">
Assessment in computer-supported collaborative learning

Assessment in computer-supported collaborative learning (CSCL) environments is a subject of interest to educators and researchers. The assessment tools utilized in computer-supported collaborative learning settings are used to measure groups' knowledge of the collaborative processes, the quality of groups' products and individuals' collaborative learning skills.
Perspective.
Traditional assessment is equated with individualized exams and evaluations. However, in online collaborative learning, assessment requires a broader perspective as it encompasses the collaborative interactions using asynchronous and synchronous communications between group members. Assessment has been found to have a significant effect on CSCL by motivating learners through accountability and constructive feedback. It supports students in growing familiar with the course content through discourse and effectively encourages the participation of students.
Definitions.
Assessment is the systematic basis for making inferences about the learning and development of students. Specifically, assessment is the process of defining, selecting, analyzing, interpreting, and using information to increase students’ learning and development.
Assessment is an ongoing process aimed at understanding and improving student learning. It involves making expectations explicit and public; setting appropriate criteria and high standards for learning quality; systematically gathering, analyzing, and interpreting evidence to determine how well performance matches those expectations and standards; and using the resulting information to document, explain, and improve performance.
Types of assessment in CSCL include whole-group assessment, self-assessment, peer assessment, assessment tools in CSCL, performance rubric, product rubric, and blogs
Instructor's role in CSCL assessment.
A paradigm shift occurs in the assessment of the products and processes in CSCL. In the traditional educational setting, final assessment is performed exclusively by the instructor.(p. 232) In CSCL, the instructor designs, facilitates, direct instruction and provide technical guidance. The participants take an active role in setting the standard criteria for assessing individual and group learning.
Technology use in CSCL assessment.
Various technologies may provide information that may be used for assessment purposes. For example, email, computer conferencing systems, bulletin boards, and hypermedia can be used as media for communication between group members in CSCL classrooms.(p. 13). This technology can be used to keep a record of the students' interactions. This interaction record enables the instructor and students in assessing a learner's participation and collaboration with the group.(p. 664).
Process assessment vs. product assessment.
In CSCL settings, the relative value of the collaborative process and the product must be appropriately balanced. The pedagogical principle in CSCL environments is the assumption that knowledge is constructed through social negotiation and discussion with others. This social interaction encourages critical thinking and understanding.(p. 309) When learning occurs through social interaction, knowledge building can also be observed through text analysis or discourse analysis. One way to assess knowledge construction in online collaborative settings is by collecting and analyzing the discursive events recorded and kept as history in computer conferencing systems in the form of virtual artifact. Transcripts can be used to determine the quantity and quality of interactions in negotiating meaning of the course material.(p. 379) The instructor evaluates the messages exchanged by the students for meaningfulness and pertinence in regards to the target content.
Assessment of the process.
Instructors can use discourse analysis to assess the students’ learning of the collaborative process itself. The instructor can make use of the dialogue to look for cues of collaboration: support and respect in their criticisms, consideration of other teammates’ opinions, negotiation of meaning, demonstration of mutual understanding, achievement of consensus, problem-solving, and time and task management issues. Another consideration in assessing students’ collaborative skills, is the students' competence in online collaboration. As proficiency develops in progressive stages, the instructor can design the assessment to account for the students' developing competence in progressive steps throughout the online collaborative process.(p. 378)
Assessment of the product.
Collaborative products can be used to assess learners’ knowledge acquisition. The products can be: a concept map, a report, a research paper, an essay, a wiki, a website, etc. Two assessable elements of collaborative product are the overall quality of the collaborative product and the contributions of each individual.(p. 386) Each member of the group must participate in the collaborative activities. The products created by groups of students in CSCL contexts cannot be used as the sole evidence of knowledge acquisition. Although a quality product may be important, it is the process that generates the actual learning.”(p. 170)
Self and peer assessment.
Self assessment in CSCL, students taking responsibility of learning by evaluating and judging aspects of their own learning activity. In peer assessment, individuals take into account the quantity and quality of their own product or performance. In CSCL, these two types of assessments are dynamically interrelated. The aim of self and peer assessments in CSCL is to improve students' learning, and develop individual learning skills as well as grading individual learning outcomes.
Self and peer assessment:
Group work assessment.
Group work assessment in CSCL measures the quantity and quality of students’ learning as a team. Group work or teamwork is a collaborative learning situation in which students share the task of developing a product presented at the end of the course. Group work is not measured and interpreted independently but evaluated with other assessment tools, and plays a role in assisting learners’ to reflect on their learning process.
Group work assessment:
E-portfolio assessment.
E-portfolio can be used in assessment of CSCL activities by showing students’ growth or proficiency in learning. Organizing information about individual students, the instructor keeps track of the student's learning process. These portfolios are managed online and are referred to as electronic portfolio, digital portfolio, or web-portfolio.
In using E-portfolios in CSCL assessment an instructor determines:

</doc>
<doc id="20005837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005837" title="The Second You Sleep">
The Second You Sleep

The Second You Sleep is the debut studio album by Danish rock band Saybia.

</doc>
<doc id="20005844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005844" title="California Farm Water Coalition">
California Farm Water Coalition

The California Farm Water Coalition (CFWC) is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) educational organization, based in Sacramento, California. The CFWC was formed in 1989 with the express intent to make fact-based information related to the use of farm water available to the people of California.
The California Farm Water Coalition produces and distributes numerous publications designed to make facts surrounding agricultural water use attainable by the public. Publications of the CFWC include: "The Water Fact Book, California Agriculture and its use of Water"
The CFWC is a membership organization composed of California farmers, farm water districts, individuals, and businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="20005852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005852" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Anne Arundel County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Anne Arundel County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 102 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 12 National Historic Landmarks.
Current listings.
Formerly listed.
! | 1
! | 2

</doc>
<doc id="20005871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005871" title="Atlantic Hill, West Virginia">
Atlantic Hill, West Virginia

Atlantic Hill is an unincorporated community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20005915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005915" title="Hot Burritos! The Flying Burrito Brothers Anthology 1969–1972">
Hot Burritos! The Flying Burrito Brothers Anthology 1969–1972

Hot Burritos! The Flying Burrito Brothers Anthology 1969–1972 is an album by the country rock band the Flying Burrito Brothers. It was released in 2000. A forty-three song compilation on two CDs, it includes all of their first three albums — "The Gilded Palace of Sin" (1969), "Burrito Deluxe" (1970), and "The Flying Burrito Bros" (1971) — along with eleven additional songs.
The album's bonus tracks include the non-LP single "The Train Song" and "Six Days on the Road". "Ain't That a Lot of Love" and "Losing Game" were recorded live.
According to a note on the back cover, the entire album was "24-bit remastered from the original master tapes."
Track listing.
Disc one.
The Gilded Palace of Sin:
Bonus track:
Burrito Deluxe:
Disc two.
Bonus tracks:
The Flying Burrito Brothers: 
Bonus tracks: 

</doc>
<doc id="20005933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005933" title="AppNexus">
AppNexus

AppNexus is a New York City-based company that provides a platform specializing in real-time online advertising. As of 2013, AppNexus servers process 16 billion ad buys per day; AppNexus handled an estimated $700 million in ad spending in 2012, giving it the biggest reach on the open web after Google.
AppNexus offers online auction infrastructure and technology for data management, optimization, financial clearing and support for directly negotiated advertising campaigns. It integrates with advertising sources including Google's DoubleClick, Microsoft's AdECN, and aggregators. It operates out of multiple data centers, including one in Amsterdam serving Europe and the Middle East, in a facility shared with Equinix.
Founders and financing.
AppNexus was founded by Brian O'Kelley (the ex-CTO of Right Media) and Mike Nolet (former product manager and Director of Analytics at Right Media); Michael Rubenstein, a former VP and General Manager at Google's DoubleClick, joined AppNexus as President in September 2009. The company is financially backed by Microsoft, Khosla Ventures, First Round Capital, Venrock, Kodiak Venture Partners, Marc Andreessen, Ben Horowitz, and Ron Conway; as of February 2013 the company has raised over $140 million in financing, with a $75 million funding round in January 2013.
Mike Nolet left the company in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20005935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005935" title="Possil Marsh">
Possil Marsh

Possil Marsh is a nature reserve and Site of Special Scientific Interest, of both flora and fauna, within the city of Glasgow, Scotland. The reserve was once part of an extensive system of lochs and marshes which extended throughout much of lowland West Central Scotland. However, centuries of drainage and reclamation have resulted in the elimination of much of this system. Due to its geographic position, the marsh is particularly vulnerable from industrial and residential development. The reserve contains a monument for the High Possil meteorite, which fell there in 1804.
Geography.
The reserve is in size, and lies in the catchment of the River Kelvin at 50m above sea level, adjacent to High Possil and Lambhill on the north side of Glasgow. Occupying a natural basin of fluvio-glacial origin between the River Clyde and the Kelvin, the site is roughly triangular in shape. Its northern border is bounded by Lochfauld Farm, whilst the south and eastern borders are protected from direct contact with industrial and residential areas by the Forth and Clyde Canal, as is the western border by the A879 and Lambhill Cemetery. 
Status.
Possil Marsh has been under the custodianship of the Scottish Wildlife Trust since 1982, when it was acquired as a gift. Prior to this it had been managed by the Scottish Society for the Protection of Wild Birds, on behalf of the Scottish Wild Birds Sanctuaries Trust, since 1950. This management, and subsequent protection, has resulted in little alteration within the site in the past 50 years. Due to its importance, the marsh was first notified as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in 1954. Subsequently it was then designated a bird sanctuary under Wild Bird Statutory Instrument 1956 No 333 (S10). Following the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, the bird sanctuary was redesignated under Wild Birds (Possil Marsh Sanctuary Glasgow) Amendment Order 1983. At present the reserve has multiple occupation – 4 owners, 2 occupiers, 1 owner/occupier. It also has British Trust for Ornithology status and district importance for wintering wildfowl, and its diversity of wintering birds, supporting up to 150 bird species, with 22 species recorded breeding. In addition to this it also contains a diverse number of invertebrate fauna, including 2 nationally scarce species and a number of locally scarce species, as well as many important plant species.
Important habitats.
The reserve consists of a shallow mesotrophic loch, covering roughly 15% of the total site, with extensive fen () and swamp () 45-50%, damp grassland 15%, dry meadow 10%, and birch and willow scrubland 15%. Within the site there are a number of vegetation communities including "Typha latifolia" beds, "Potentilla palustris" meadows and "Carex rostrata" swamps. These fen/swamp habitat communities are the largest remaining areas of their type within the district,and also include limited areas of "Carex diandra" fen (locally rare). Other notable areas of interest include the dry grassland/heath habitat and the central birch island which contains an important number of "sphagnum" species.
Notable flora.
Plants that are of local and/or national importance include: "Lysimachia thyrsiflora" (nationally scarce), "Sphagnum riparium" (nationally scarce), "Sphagnum magellanicum" (locally rare), "C.diandra" (locally rare), and "Lemna triscula" (rare in Scotland). Many of the species which are firmly established within the reserve have either been deliberately introduced, such as "Berula erecta", "Chamerion angustifolium", and "Ranunculus bulbosus", or have been accidentally introduced, such as "L. thyrsiflora", "Mimulus luteus", "Urtricularia minor", and "Elodea canadensis", from the adjacent canal. Other species, such as "Ranunculus scleratus", entered the marsh due to material being brought in to level up the ground for a cottage that once stood within the reserve.
Species lost.
Past land use, natural succession and human activities have played a role in changing the reserve's vegetation. This has resulted in the loss of species such as "Agrostemma githago, Apium inundatum, Armoracia rusticana, Asplenium adainatum-nigrum, Astrantia major, Baldellia ranunculoides, Barbarea verna, Campanula rotundifolia, Ceratophylum demersum, Ceterach Officinarum, Drosera rotundifolia, Gnaphalium sylvaticum, Humulus lupulus, Hypericum humifusum, Lemna gibba, Mimulus luteus, Narthecium ossifragum, Oenanthe crocata, Ophioglossum vulgatum, Parnassia palustris, Pyrola minor, Radiola linoides, Ranunculus ficaria, R. hederaceus, Rorippa amphibia, Sagina nodosa, Sagittaria sagittifolia, Salix repans, Utricularia intermedia, and U. vulgaris", all of which are now believed to be absent.

</doc>
<doc id="20005950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005950" title="1957–58 Greek Cup">
1957–58 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1957–58 was the 16th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium, Piraeus on 30 July 1958. The match was contested by Olympiacos and Doxa Drama, with Olympiacos taking the title 5–1.
Final.
The 16th Greek Cup Final was played at the Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium, Piraeus.

</doc>
<doc id="20005969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20005969" title="After Dark (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song)">
After Dark (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song)

Music video.
The music video for "After Dark" was directed by Tadashi Tsukagoshi. The narrative video tells the surrealistic story of an ordinary young salaryman who wakes up one day to find wings sprouting out his back. At first, the man tries to hide them and continue going about his everyday life. However, as time goes on, the wings gradually grow larger and become increasingly harder to hide from his friends and co-workers. All the while, the scenes are intercut with a visual of AKG, expressing similar wings, playing the song in a giant birdcage.
While walking home one day, the man bears witness of a helpless window cleaner about to fall from a high-story building. The young man wishes to act, but hesitates due to the large crowd that has gathered around the scene. But when the cleaner begins to lose his grip, the young man throws off all hesitation, makes a dash towards him, spreads his wings, and soars to the rescue. At the same moment, the giant birdcage that had been holding AKG shatters to pieces. The video went on to win Best Rock Video at SPACE SHOWER Music Video Awards 08.

</doc>
<doc id="20006001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006001" title="Columbia Asia">
Columbia Asia

Columbia Asia is a chain of hospitals in Asia, with 23 medical facilities across India, Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia. The company is based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and was founded in 1994. 
The company offers full-service hospitals built in neighborhoods, rather than the central city. Columbia Asia's target market is the fast-growing middle income group. 
Columbia Asia hospitals are smaller in size, which helps keep costs down. A typical hospital has about 65 adult beds, costing about $15 to $16 million to build. It sees about 8,000 patients a month, and brings in about $1 million in monthly revenue. 
With streamlined administration and fewer beds, the hospitals have an average patient stay of two days.
Most of the company’s 2,600 employees are from the host countries. Columbia Asia hires its doctors and staff largely from the local areas.
The company is in the midst of expansion, especially in India. Columbia Asia has 14 hospitals under construction and owns the property for another 12. Upon completion the company will have 21 hospitals and an airport clinic in India, 11 hospitals in Malaysia, three hospitals in Vietnam and three hospitals in Indonesia, together representing an investment of over $600 million (U.S.). 
Current facilities.
Malaysia.
Columbia Asia Hospital - Puchong.
"Columbia Asia Hospital - Puchong" is a private hospital in Puchong, Malaysia. It opened in 2007 and cost RM55 million to build. The facility has 78 beds, 20 resident doctors and visiting consultants and serves a population of 280,000 people, from Puchong and surrounding areas. 
The hospital also uses a US$3 million proprietary software system for medical records, billing and queuing of patients. 
The facility is located at No. 1, Lebuh Puteri, Bandar Puteri Puchong, 47100 Puchong, in the state of Selangor.
Columbia Asia Hospital - Taiping.
"Columbia Asia Hospital - Taiping " is a private hospital in Taiping, Malaysia.
The hospital opened in 2008 and cost RM70 million to build. The 95-bed facility has three operating theatres, a modern medical laboratory, full radiological facilities and the computerized operating systems found in all Columbia Asia hospitals.
The facility is located at No. 5, Jalan Perwira, 34000 Taiping, in the state of Perak.
Columbia Asia Hospital - Seremban.
"Columbia Asia Hospital – Seremban" is a private hospital in Seremban, Malaysia. The hospital opened in 1999 and now has 80 beds and offers outpatient and inpatient specialist services, a 24-hour clinic and emergency services.
The facility is located at No. 292, Jalan Haruan 2, Oakland Community Center, 70300 Seremban, Negeri Sembilan.
India.
North.
The hospital offers a wide range of clinical services such as Obstetrics & Gynecology, Internal Medicine, General Surgery, Pediatrics, Ophthalmology, Ear, Nose & Throat, Urology, Gastroenterology, Dermatology, Orthopedics and Plastic Surgery. Qualified and experienced medical personnel and technicians ensure healthcare delivery of the highest standards.
Columbia Asia Hospital – Palam Vihar is today considered as one of the best hospitals in Gurgaon. The hospital has international standard infrastructure and follows globally benchmarked standards of medical, nursing and operating protocols and is rapidly becoming the preferred healthcare destination for International Patients.
The facility is located at F Block, Near Gol Chakkar, Palam Vihar, Gurgaon.

</doc>
<doc id="20006008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006008" title="North Dock">
North Dock

North Dock may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20006027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006027" title="Michael St. Laurent">
Michael St. Laurent

Michael St. Laurent (born c. 1948) was a famous female impersonator who starred in and ran drag shows in Florida in the 1970s.
He played the memorable "Mae West" drag in the Bette Midler movie "The Rose".
He has also impersonated Bette Midler.

</doc>
<doc id="20006054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006054" title="McDonogh 35 High School">
McDonogh 35 High School

McDonogh 35 College Preparatory High School, historically McDonogh No. 35 Senior High School, is a high school in New Orleans, Louisiana. It is a part of New Orleans Public Schools and it was named after John McDonogh. It was the first high school for African-American pupils in the State of Louisiana.
History.
Prior to 1917, during the era of segregated school systems in the Southern US, no public high school existed in New Orleans for African-American pupils. Those interested in pursuing an education beyond the eighth grade had to attend one of the city's three private secondary schools for blacks: Leland College, New Orleans University, or Straight College.
It was in that year of 1917 that a group of public spirited citizens met to petition the Orleans Parish School System to convert McDonogh 13 Boys' School from a white elementary school to a secondary educational facility for black pupils. The petition was granted and in the fall of 1917, McDonogh 35 became recognized as a four-year high school.
Over the years, McDonogh 35 has changed its location three times. The original building at 655 South Rampart Street was destroyed when Hurricane Betsy struck New Orleans in 1965, and for the next four years the school was temporarily located in the former United States Federal Court House Building at 600 Camp Street. In 1969, students and faculty were moved into the school facility at 133 St.Ann Street that formerly housed McDonogh 41 Elementary School. The current facility at 1331 Kerlerec Street was opened in September 1972. The current facility is located in the Tremé. There are plans to move the school to the Phillips/Waters school site by 2013. During the 1992-1993 school year, McDonogh 35 was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the United States Department of Education.
By April 13, 2006 McDonogh was one of six public high schools had re-opened since Katrina. Of them, it was the only one in a Downtown neighborhood. According to Phillip White, the principal, initially the administration had plans to accommodate 800 students but found fewer due to the effects of the hurricane. One month later, the enrollment went over 1,000 students and the administration was forced to stop accepting students.
The Louisiana Recovery School District has allocated $54 million in FEMA recovery funds tied to a site within the Bayou District to construct a new college preparatory high school, and the Orleans Parish School Board leadership has determined that McDonogh 35 should move from its landlocked two acre site to this larger 16 acre, waterfront site.
The "Roneagle".
The Roneagle is the mascot of the school.
Academics.
Christine Woyshner and Chara Haeussler Bohan, editors of "Histories of Social Studies and Race: 1865-2000", said that "Despite the pressures of a state-mandated standardized curriculum and a corresponding accountability policy, in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries, McDonogh retained a strong academic curriculum that placed social justice and students at its center."

</doc>
<doc id="20006063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006063" title="South Dock">
South Dock

South Dock may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20006065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006065" title="English America">
English America

English America could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006070" title="Matthew James">
Matthew James

Matthew James or Mathew James may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006080" title="Keymont, West Virginia">
Keymont, West Virginia

Keymont is an unincorporated community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States, located between Keyser and Piedmont on State Route 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20006082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006082" title="Bowieville">
Bowieville

Bowieville is an historic home located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is an elegant two-part plantation house of the late Federal style, built of brick and covered with stucco. The architectural detail is transitional between the Federal and Greek Revival styles.
Bowieville is one of the finest examples of the Federal style in Prince George's County. Features such as its symmetry, elliptical fanlights at the entry and between the parlors, tripartite windows, bowed rear porch and other Adamesque details, exemplify the Federal style. Bowieville reflects the prosperity of the tobacco economy of Prince George's County, as well as the prominence of the Bowie family. 
The Bowie family had extensive landholdings in the county and were important politically. Bowieville was built 1819-20 by Mary Wooton Bowie, daughter of Robert Bowie, Governor of Maryland, on property she inherited from her father, and is very similar in styling to his home, Mattaponi, which is also of brick covered with stucco. 
Bowieville once held 54 slaves. 
After the death of Mary Bowie in 1825, the plantation was entangled in legal issue until the house was sold in 1846 to William J. Berry, one of the county's wealthiest planters. 
Bowieville was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20006104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006104" title="We Don't Have to Be Alone">
We Don't Have to Be Alone

"We Don't Have to Be Alone" is This Condition's second release, a five-song EP, recorded in August/September 2008. It was released on November 18, 2008 through online retailers and digital music stores (iTunes). Recorded in Hicksville, NY's Killingsworth Studios under producer Anthony Santonocito, the album features a new recording of "Red Letter", previously only released in a demo. The song "Barefoot (Steve's Song)" contains a hidden, sing-along track after the conclusion of the song, of a group of people singing the chorus to the first song on the album, "The Timing".

</doc>
<doc id="20006105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006105" title="Farm water">
Farm water

Farm water, also known as agricultural water, is water committed for use in the production of food and fibre. On average, 70 per cent of the fresh water withdrawn from rivers and groundwater is used to produce food and other agricultural products. Farm water may include water used in the irrigation of crops, water used to leach harmful salts from agricultural fields and water used for environmental management.
Scarcity of water in agriculture.
Fifty years ago, the common perception was that water was an infinite resource. At this time, there were fewer than half the current number of people on the planet. People were not as wealthy as today, consumed fewer calories and ate less meat, so less water was needed to produce their food. They required a third of the volume of water we presently take from rivers. Today, the competition for water resources is much more intense. This is because there are now nearly seven billion people on the planet, their consumption of water-thirsty meat and vegetables is rising, and there is increasing competition for water from industry, urbanisation and biofuel crops. To avoid a global water crisis, farmers will have to strive to increase productivity to meet growing demands for food, while industry and cities find ways to use water more efficiently.
Successful agriculture is dependent upon farmers having sufficient access to water. However, water scarcity is already a critical constraint to farming in many parts of the world. Physical water scarcity is where there is not enough water to meet all demands, including that needed for ecosystems to function effectively. Arid regions frequently suffer from physical water scarcity. It also occurs where water seems abundant but where resources are over-committed. This can happen where there is overdevelopment of hydraulic infrastructure, usually for irrigation. Symptoms of physical water scarcity include environmental degradation and declining groundwater. Economic scarcity, meanwhile, is caused by a lack of investment in water or insufficient human capacity to satisfy the demand for water. Symptoms of economic water scarcity include a lack of infrastructure, with people often having to fetch water from rivers for domestic and agricultural uses. Some 2.8 billion people currently live in water-scarce areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20006110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006110" title="King's Dock">
King's Dock

King's Dock may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20006133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006133" title="Queen's Dock">
Queen's Dock

Queen's Dock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006140" title="2008–09 Liga III">
2008–09 Liga III

The 2008–09 Liga III season was the 53rd season of Liga III, the third tier of the Romanian football league system.
The winners of each division got promoted to the 2009–10 Liga II season. There were also two playoff tournaments held at neutral venues involving the second placed teams, one with those from series 1, 2 and 3, the other with those from series 4, 5, and 6. The winners of the playoffs also got promoted to the 2009–10 Liga II season.
The bottom three from each division were relegated at the end of the season to the Liga IV. From the 15th placed teams, another three were relegated. To determine these teams, separate standings were computed, using only the games played against clubs ranked 1st through 14th.
Standings.
Reference

</doc>
<doc id="20006145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006145" title="Akademik Stadium">
Akademik Stadium

Akademik Stadium is a soccer stadium located in Sofia, Bulgaria with a capacity of 8,000 sitting and 2,000 standing for sports and expandable to 22,000 for concerts. The stadium complex consists of 1 grass field, 2 additional fields, 4 changing rooms and 1 cafe-bar, as well as halls for Tae Bo, boxing, judo, a dancesport hall and a gym.

</doc>
<doc id="20006161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006161" title="Franz Jetzinger">
Franz Jetzinger

Franz Jetzinger (3 December 1882 in Ranshofen in Upper Austria – 19 March 1965 in Ottensheim in Upper Austria) was an Austrian clergyman, academic, politician, civil servant, editor and author. He remains especially famous as author of the book "Hitler’s Youth".
Life and work.
After graduating from school, Jetzinger studied at the theological faculty of the university of Salzburg. He became a Jesuit priest and professor at the philosophic-theological academy in Linz. In this capacity he visited, amongst other places, Palestine in 1908.
During the First World War, Jetzinger served as a military chaplain. In 1918 he began an intensive political career: first in the German People’s Party (electoral district Ried) and from 1919 on in the "Sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei" (Socialdemocratic Worker-party). On 14 February 1921 the Catholic Church excommunicated him. From 1919 until 1934, Jetzinger served as social democratic assemblyman in the federal state Diet (electoral district Innviertel). From 1920 until 1930 he was editor at "Tagesblatt". After he had worked as deputy for two years, Jetzinger became District Administrator in 1932 and therefore member of the Upper Austrian federal state government in Linz.
After the ban to take mandates on 12 February 1934, Jetzinger, being a social democrat, was arrested by Dollfuß for five weeks. Afterwards he worked as insurance appointee for the Viennese local government. In 1935 he re-entered the Catholic Church and worked as librarian in the student’s library in Linz.
Having been a member of the federal state government, Jetzinger had secured for himself the Austrian military file of Adolf Hitler, which included details on Hitler’s arrest in 1914, which took place because he fled from military conscription. After Hitler had annexed Austria in 1938, he repeatedly tried to have the Gestapo locate and secure the compromising file, but Jetzinger successfully hid it in his attic until 1945, despite his arrest by the Gestapo on 22 April 1944. In 1956, Jetzinger, who hated Hitler and the National Socialist regime, wrote the book "Hitler's Jugend" ("Hitler’s Youth"), in which he also published the contents of Hitler’s military file.
"Hitler’s Youth".
Jetzinger gained fame in 1958 through the English version of his book "Hitler’s Youth", in which he could refute many of Hitler’s statements about his early years. Moreover, Jetzinger attracted attention by attacking an earlier published book "The Young Hitler I Knew" by August Kubizek, whom Jetzinger accused of spreading falsehoods. While earlier Hitler biographers like Joachim Fest or Werner Maser adopted Jetzinger’s criticism as their own, Jetzinger’s crushing judgment of Kubizek’s credibility is now challenged by Brigitte Hamann, author of "Hitlers Wien". Hamann asserts personal motives for Jetzinger’s tendency to illustrate nearly every statement in Kubizek’s book as an ex post modification of facts, claiming Jetzinger was economically motivated, because the previous release of Kubizek’s book supposedly undermined the sale of his own work. But has she found any new factual error in the Jetzinger work, and what might be Hamann's motives?
Jetzinger's work continues to inspire. In 2007, the BBC Radio 4 broadcast a radio play titled "Dr Freud Will See You Now, Mr Hitler", a largely counter-factual work written by a pair of established Jewish screenwriters who freely credit "Hitler's Youth" for the factual basis which launched their enterprise a decade earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20006164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006164" title="Western Science Center">
Western Science Center

The Western Science Center (formerly the Western Center for Archaeology & Paleontology) is a museum located near Diamond Valley Lake in Hemet, California. The Western Center is home to a large collection of Native American artifacts and Ice Age fossils that were unearthed at Diamond Valley Lake, including "Max", the largest mastodon found in the western United States, and "Xena", a Columbian mammoth.
Opened in 2006, the museum has been designed to provide world-class facilities for the research, curation, and presentation of the nearly one million specimens discovered during the development of Diamond Valley Lake in Hemet.
The Campus.
The building was designed to be among the most eco-friendly museums in the United States. Its special environmental features include solar panels on the roof, cold-water pipelines run below the floor to reduce air conditioning, landscaping with low-irrigation native foliage, and extensive water reclamation. In 2008, it was awarded LEED Platinum Status by the US Green Building Council, their highest rating, and was the first museum in the United States to receive the recognition.
The museum's public displays are housed in the permanent gallery, with another gallery housing temporary and traveling exhibits. The collections are held in the repository, not open to the public, which features , fully motorized compactor shelving units. The Collections Repository holds many paleontological and archaeological collections of Riverside County projects.
Exhibits.
The museum features a long exterior walkway that holds a life-on-Earth time line. The welcome lobby features high walls with re-created paleontological strata and reproduction fossils projecting from the walls.
The tour of the permanent gallery begins with interactive exhibits on the natural history of Domenigoni and Diamond Valleys, continuing through displays on European and Native American culture and history from the area. Among the artifacts on display are pieces donated by the Domenigoni family, the original settlers of the valley, and the Soboba band of Luiseño Indians that inhabited the area before them.
Visitors can view two movies on the construction of Diamond Valley Lake, and the fauna of the Pleistocene in the Diamond and Domenigoni Valleys, shown in a 270 degree immersive theater that shakes with the movies. From there, visitors proceed to the paleontology gallery, replete with fossils recovered and studied by scientists from the San Bernardino County Museum. The highlights of this gallery are the skeletons of "Max", the largest mastodon ever discovered in the western United States, and "Xena", a Columbian mammoth. Also featured in the gallery is "Li'l Stevie", one of the most complete mastodons known from the western United States, who is displayed unreconstructed and still partially buried as found when it was first uncovered. The gallery also features the skeletons of a Harlan's ground sloth, and interactive displays on the disciplines of archaeology and paleontology. Visitors can also visit temporary traveling exhibits in the temporary exhibit area.
The museum also features a full-scale simulated archaeology and paleontology dig site, which opened for its first student excavations in the spring of 2009. It is currently being used by WSC staff, in association with local K-12 schools and colleges, to teach proper excavation methodology to students. It is also open for museum visitors to view an active dig site in process.
Affiliations.
In November 2008 the Smithsonian Institution awarded the Western Center with Affiliate status.

</doc>
<doc id="20006176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006176" title="Matiri Project">
Matiri Project

The Matiri Project is a hydroelectric scheme proposed by New Zealand Energy Limited for Lake Matiri and the Matiri River in the South Island of New Zealand.
The scheme is opposed by environmentalists and kayakers some of whom were angry that the resource consents were not notified nationwide. The proposal was approved and it included a concession granted by the Department of Conservation to build structures on public land. Forest and Bird did not see that there would be any conservation gain in giving the approval.

</doc>
<doc id="20006202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006202" title="HM Prison East Sutton Park">
HM Prison East Sutton Park

HM Prison East Sutton Park is a women's open prison and Young Offenders Institution, located in the village of East Sutton (near Maidstone), in Kent, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
East Sutton Park Prison is based in and around an Elizabethan brick house, East Sutton Park, dating from 1570 and overlooking the Weald of Kent. The building was requisitioned at the start of World War II, first opened as a borstal in 1946, then was re-registered to take juvenile and adult females some years later.
In 2001 East Sutton Park was praised by the Director General of the Prison Service for its caring regime and humane standards of treatment for prisoners.
However in a report by Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons in 2003, East Sutton Park was criticised for not focusing enough on resettlement of prisoners and also for having a "disrespectful culture", including failing to issue proper toiletries and only offering plain glass shower cubicles which did not afford privacy to the inmates. According to the report, inmates were also subject to such unnecessary rules as "not being able to walk across the main hall, having to use plastic cutlery and fixed bed times."
The management of East Sutton Park Prison amalgamated with that of Blantyre House Prison in 2007.
The prison today.
Accommodation at the prison is divided into 21 dormitories of varying sizes. Work at the prison for inmates includes farming, gardening, and catering. East Sutton Park also offers training courses and physical education. The prison plans to place 50 prisoners for employment in the community and has currently placed 25.

</doc>
<doc id="20006208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006208" title="RAF Condover">
RAF Condover

RAF Condover was a Royal Air Force Flying Training Command airfield and air navigation training establishment between August 1942 and June 1945, unusually for both fighter and bomber crews at different times. Located on the southern outskirts of Condover village in Shropshire, 4.9 miles (8 kilometres) south of the county town Shrewsbury.
Condover was used to train fighter pilots by the RAF and the USAAF as well as pilots and air navigators from Australia, South Africa and Canada.
Although the runways have now been broken up and removed, many original station buildings still stand and the control tower is considered to be one of the best-preserved in Shropshire. After many years as a major part of a local riding school several of the buildings and land plots were offered for sale by auction during the summer of 2007.
History.
The station formally opened on 21 August 1942 with three new concrete runways designed for both fighter and bomber aircraft. The airfield was originally planned as a Relief Landing Ground (RLG) and satellite to RAF Atcham but by the time it was completed Atcham had been handed over to the United States Air Force as a fighter base, so Condover was instead established as a satellite airfield under RAF Shawbury, also serving as an RLG for RAF Ternhill. Although it had a large layout for a satellite field it remained mostly under utilised throughout its existence during World War II .
The airfield's three runways, two short and one long runway for heavier bomber aircraft were poorly constructed and the station closed for runway repairs on more than one occasion during the three-year span of its operational career. There were ten hangars erected, a single Type T1 and 9 prefabricated blister type. Airmen and WAAF personnel were accommodated in prefabricated Quonset hutting and the officers were housed in the nearby magnificent Elizabethan manor house, Condover Hall, that had been commandeered by the War Office for the duration of the war.
The first unit at Condover was No. 11 (Pilot) Advanced Flying Unit, of No. 21 Group Flying Training Command, flying Airspeed Oxfords and conducting navigation and cross-country training. At various times between 1942 and 1945 Condover was visited by Supermarine Spitfires, Hawker Hurricanes, Short Stirlings and Avro Lancasters that either diverted to Condover, made emergency landings or overnighted at the station. In January 1945 new North American Harvard trainer aircraft arrived at the airfield but were removed again by June the same year, when the airfield closed. The station was retained by the RAF on a care and maintenance basis until 1960 when it was sold by auction.
Notable incidents.
Only three months after the station opened a Pathfinder force Avro Lancaster bomber made an emergency wheels up landing here and the airfield was temporarily closed for essential runway repairs when the brittle concrete surfaces were damaged.
On 5 August 1942, just before the station opened Supermarine Spitfire Mark Vb No. AA 928 of No. 411 (F) Squadron, RCAF made a wheels up crash landing at Condover following a catastrophic engine failure. The formal RAF enquiry later noted: ""Category B damage in a flying accident on 5 August 1942, wheels up landing following an engine failure. Failure of big end bearings in No 2 and 5 pistons. Pilot unable to select wheels down until a suitable landing ground found and then under carriage selector lever stuck and he had neither time nor height to free it. Successful recovery under difficult situation. Aircraft landed at Condover field in Shropshire, which was still under construction at the time.""
On 8 May 1945 a Tiger Moth DH82A of Training Command crash landed at Condover and was a total write off. The pilot was severely injured but survived.
RAF Condover memories.
By the end of 1944 there were 660 RAF and several hundred Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF) personnel stationed at RAF Condover.
Mary Churchill, a WAAF Flight Officer during the war, recounted to the BBC in 2005:
POW camp.
During the latter part of the war a Prisoner of War (POW) camp was established at the western end of the station and the former WAAF accommodation hutting used to house German prisoners, mostly shot down and captured Luftwaffe airmen. The entrance to the camp site was at OS Map Ref: SJ 4908 0423 with the main camp on the northern side of the road. The German prisoners were still housed there awaiting repatriation until early 1947. The prisoners were utilised as farm labourers in the local area and several remained in the Shrewsbury area after the war and settled in the UK. 
Present day.
For the past forty years most of the airfield has been used for grazing by horses from the nearby Berriewood stables and riding school, with its cross country competition course. A large number of the original buildings remain, including the old control tower, a hangar and various ruins. The main runways were torn up and used as hard-core ballast during the building of the M54 motorway and the extension to the A5 through Shrewsbury, but some of the airfield's perimeter track remains.
The station's technical site on the opposite side of the road is now in use as Condover Industrial Estate, utilising many of the original buildings including the parachute packing shed.
Offered for sale by auction in May 2007 the concrete-built control tower, which extends to 140 square metres, was described by officials from Shrewsbury & Atcham Borough Council as being of notable historical interest and worthy of retention under a suitable new use. An employee of the auction agents said: “The opportunity exists to explore a wide range of alternative uses for the tower, subject to planning permission, the tower is being offered together with 6.6 acres of pastureland and there are two other buildings, which are in a poorer condition but could be improved."

</doc>
<doc id="20006212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006212" title="Bowling Heights">
Bowling Heights

Bowling Heights is a historic home located in Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a large -story frame house constructed in 1877 in the High Victorian Gothic style.
Bowling Heights was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20006224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006224" title="List of songs about Montreal">
List of songs about Montreal

This is a list of songs about or referencing Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20006252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006252" title="Charles Graham (Australian politician)">
Charles Graham (Australian politician)

Charles Montague Graham (1867 – 27 March 1938) was an Australian politician. Graham was born in Christchurch, New Zealand and educated at state schools. He worked as a tailor and was a union official before entering parliament. He was elected as an Australian Labor Party senator at the 1922 election for a term from 1 July 1923 to 30 September 1929, but was defeated for re-election at the 1929 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20006258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006258" title="Anthony H. Gioia">
Anthony H. Gioia

Anthony H. Gioia (born 10 November 1942) was a United States State Department official and former United States Ambassador to Malta. Before becoming an ambassador, Gioia served as the president of Gioia Macaroni Company and as Chairman of the National Pasta Association.
Gioia has a bachelor's degree from State University of New York at Buffalo and an MBA from the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20006273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006273" title="Lost in a Garden of Clouds">
Lost in a Garden of Clouds

Lost in a Garden of Clouds is a two-part album series by Alpha. Part 1 is Alpha's second instrumental album but the first to be available in mainstream stores. Mixing Trip hop, Downtempo and Acid Jazz, the tracks blend into each other. The Alpha website describes the release as a "2 part series, instrumental albums from Alpha. A continuous mix, an endless journey from reality, pure art-house, a mix of song, spoken word, and recurring themes". The second, and final, part of this series Part 2 was released in 2006. Tim DiGravina, writing for Allmusic, said of Part 2: 

</doc>
<doc id="20006302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006302" title="Timeline of jazz education">
Timeline of jazz education

References.
General references
<ol style="list-style-type:lower-roman">
<li>"Jazz education" in The New Grove Dictionary of Jazz. Ed. by Barry Kernfeld. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2001, 396-7.
<li>"Jazz Studies in American Schools and Colleges: a Brief History" by Daniel Murphy—Jazz Educators Journal, Vol 26, 1994, pp 34–8
<li>Cahn, Peter. "Das Hoch'sche Konservatorium in Frankfurt am Main (1878-1978)", Frankfurt am Main: Kramer, 1979
<li>Jazz Education in Britain [http://www.intstudy.com/articles/ec185a14.htm]
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="20006307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006307" title="Edward Cross (zoo proprietor)">
Edward Cross (zoo proprietor)

Edward Cross ("baptised" 3 February 1774 – 26 September 1854) was an English zoo proprietor and dealer in animals. 
Cross was born in London and baptised at St Andrew's, Holborn, presumably within days of his birth. Apart from the names of his parents, Walter Cross and Jane (née Callow), his early life remains obscure.
Cross worked for Stephen Polito, the owner of the menagerie at Exeter Exchange in the Strand. Cross's daughter married Polito's brother, and Cross bought the menagerie after Polito's death in 1814. The menagerie had been operated at that site from 1773 in competition with the Royal Menagerie at the Tower of London with lions, tigers, monkeys, and other exotic species, all confined in iron cages in small rooms. The menagerie was primarily a visitor attraction open to the general public. It was visited by Wordsworth and Byron - who records watching the "tigers sup", being amused by a hyena's affection for its keeper, and the tricks played by an elephant with its trunk. Animals in the collection were painted by Edwin Landseer and Jacques-Laurent Agasse. It was also visited by scientists such as Joshua Brookes and J. E. Gray. Gray named the "Rhinoceros crossii" in his honour (now as a synonym for the Sumatran Rhinoceros, "Dicerorhinus sumatrensis").
Cross renamed the collection the "Royal Grand National Menagerie", and employed a doorkeeper who was dressed as a Yeoman of the Guard. The living conditions for the animals were so poor that negative comments were made even in the early 19th century. The situation became untenable after his bad-tempered elephant, Chunee, was put down by a firing squad of soldiers from Somerset House in March 1826. Cross attempted to sell the collection to the new Zoological Society of London in 1826 and 1828, but the offer was refused on both occasions. 
The Exeter Exchange was demolished in 1829, as part of general improvements to the Strand, and Cross moved the menagerie to the King's Mews near Trafalgar Square (now the site of the National Gallery). Some of the animals were sold to the new London Zoo in Regent's Park. In 1831, he sold the remaining animals to the Surrey Literary, Scientific and Zoological Institution - an institution that he had founded - for £3,500. Cross became superintendent of the new Surrey Zoological Gardens, and the animals were moved to Royal Surrey Gardens, in the grounds of Walworth Manor House in Kennington. Many of the exotic animals were housed in a large circular domed glass conservatory, in circumference with more than of glass. The collection expanded in the following years to include lions, tigers, an Indian rhinoceros, an orang-utan, and several giraffes.
Cross retired in 1844, and he died in Kennington in 1854. His wife, Mary, predeceased him.
The zoo became run down after Cross retired, and the animals were sold off in 1856, to be replaced by Surrey Music Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20006309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006309" title="China Investment Promotion Agency">
China Investment Promotion Agency

China Investment Promotion Agency (CIPA, Chinese: 商务部投资促进事务局) is the investment promotion agency of PR China. It is in charge of "Inviting in" (FDI in China) and "Going global" (outbound investment) two-way investment promotion work in line with China's economic strategies and is engaged in cooperation with international economic organizations, foreign investment promotion agencies, chambers of commerce and business associations on behalf of the Ministry of Commerce.
MOFCOM.
CIPA is part of the Ministry of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20006321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006321" title="Brookefield of the Berrys">
Brookefield of the Berrys

Brookefield of the Berrys is a historic home located at Croom, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story frame house begun about 1810 in the Federal style, and completed in 1840, in the Greek Revival style. The house was finished in 1840 by John Thomas Berry, a prominent plantation family in southern Prince George's County. Berry and his descendants lived at Brookefield from 1840 until 1976. This 19th-century farmstead is well represented by the complex of outbuildings surrounding the house.
Brookefield of the Berrys was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20006325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006325" title="Eduard Spelterini">
Eduard Spelterini

Eduard Spelterini (June 2, 1852 – June 16, 1931) was a Swiss pioneer of ballooning and of aerial photography.
Early life.
Spelterini was born in Bazenheid in the Toggenburg area in Switzerland as Eduard Schweizer. His father, Sigmund Schweizer, was an innkeeper. When he was eight years old, the family reportedly moved to northern Italy, to a place near the Swiss-Italian border in the province of Como. Eduard is said to have followed the schools in Lugano. At the age of eighteen, Eduard allegedly went first to Milan and then to Paris to be trained as an opera singer. During this time, he's also said to have chosen the fancier name "Spelterini" instead of the plain "Schweizer". According to his biographers, his singing career was cut short, though, by a severe case of pneumonia.
In any case, Spelterini turned up in the mid-1870s in Paris, and in 1877 he was licensed by the "Académie d'Aérostation météorologique de France" as a ballon pilot.
Ascents around the world.
In the 1880s, after having successfully made 17 ascents by himself, Spelterini began to offer commercial rides with passengers. In 1887, he had his first own balloon made by the Surcouf company in Paris, a gas balloon with a volume of 1,500 cubic meters, which he named "Urania". The first voyage with this ballon was on October 5, 1887, starting in Vienna. Subsequently, Spelterini moved to the United Kingdom, where he performed together with an American aerial acrobat going by the name of Leona Dare who would perform acrobatic acts suspended under the basket of Spelterini's balloon during the flights. The spectacle, but also Spelterini's often taking journalists for a ride for free ensured them favourable publicity. Together, they toured eastwards through Europe until Moscow, where they parted. Spelterini turned southwards, making ascents in Bucharest, Saloniki, and Athens, before moving to Cairo. After his ascents in spring 1890 over the pyramids of Gizah he continued touring, first to Naples, then to Istanbul.
In 1891, Spelterini returned to Switzerland. By that time, he was famous for his ballooning adventures. On July 26, 1891, Spelterini made his first ascent in Switzerland, starting at the Heimplatz in Zurich. The initial skepticism of the people vanished quickly, and his starts soon attracted crowds wherever he turned up: Zurich, Winterthur, St. Gall, Interlaken, Vevey, ... His endeavours also caught the attention of scientists. On various occasions, Spelterini made ascents with scientists solely for the purpose of conducting experiments: with physicists to study the atmosphere, with physicians to study human blood cells at low atmospheric pressure, with geologists to study the earth from above.
Geologist Albert Heim had once proposed to Spelterini to try crossing the Alps by balloon. But he needed a larger balloon for such an endeavour. With the help of sponsors, he was able to buy the "Wega", twice as large as "Urania" with a volume of 3,260 cubic meters. With it, Heim and Spelterini planned to travel from Sion in the Valais across Uri into the Grisons. But the winds decided otherwise. Despite unfavourable wind conditions, they started on October 3, 1898. The winds drove the balloon across Les Diablerets and then further westwards, across Lake Neuchatel and the Jura Mountains, until they descended near Besançon in France. Much of the trip was made at altitudes between 5000 to 6000 meters above sea level.
In the following years, Spelterini crossed the Alps numerous times with his balloons, in all directions. In 1904, he spent several months in Egypt, and in 1911, he even travelled to South Africa, yet he returned each time to Switzerland.
Aerial photography.
Around 1893, Spelterini had begun to take a camera aboard his balloon and started to take pictures on his flights. It was certainly not easy to photograph with this equipment, weighing between 40 and 60 kilograms, and with a minimum exposure time of 1/30th of a second. But Spelterini brought back stunning photographs of the landscape seen from above that won awards repeatedly at aeronautical expositions in Milan, Paris, Brussels, or Frankfurt. For Albert Heim his photos provided whole new insights about the relief of the Alps. Spelterini presented his photos in slide shows wherever he went, from Stockholm to Cape Town, fascinating his audiences and winning the general acclaim of the press, who reviewed his presentations favorably.
Decline of ballooning.
The outbreak of World War I put an end to Spelterini's travels. Borders were closed, and Spelterini's balloons remained grounded. He retired as an independent gentleman to Coppet near Geneva with his wife Emma (née Karpf), whom he had married on January 28, 1914 in the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields in London. But although he was well off financially, his savings diminished in the war years, and what was left of it was eaten up by the post-war inflation. The airplane had surpassed ballooning, nobody cared anymore about his pre-war exploits, and Spelterini was all but forgotten. In 1922, he hired out as a showman at the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, posing for photos and taking people for short rides in a captive balloon. He detested it. Disappointed, he retired to Zipf near Vöcklabruck in Austria, where he had bought a small house and lived from the sale of the eggs of his 300 chickens. In 1926, he tried a last time to revive his old ballooning adventures. With the financial help of some friends, he started from Zurich in a rented balloon. But he fell unconscious during the voyage; his passengers just barely managed to crash-land the balloon in Vorarlberg. Spelterini returned to Zipf, where he died impoverished and largely unknown in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20006327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006327" title="George Garth">
George Garth

George Garth (1733–1819) was a British General, a commander in the American Revolutionary War, and Colonel of the 17th Regiment of Foot.
Life.
He was son of John Garth MP and Rebecca, the daughter of John Brompton and granddaughter of Sir Richard Raynsford, Lord chief justice of the Kings bench.
Garth served as second-in-command to William Tryon during the attack on New Haven, Connecticut in the summer of 1779 when on 5 July his forces landed at West Haven, whilst those of Tryon landed at East Haven. Dispatched to replace General Augustine Prevost at Savannah, Garth was taken prisoner on HMS "Experiment".
Later Garth became Lieutenant Governor of Placentia, Newfoundland. He died in Beverley at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="20006331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006331" title="Malcolm Brodie (politician)">
Malcolm Brodie (politician)

Malcolm Brodie is the mayor of Richmond, the fourth largest city in British Columbia.
A lawyer by profession, Brodie was elected to City Council in 1996 and again in 1999, as part of the centre-right Richmond Non-Partisan Association (RNPA). After the resignation of mayor Greg Halsey-Brandt in 2001, Brodie was elected mayor in a special by-election. He left his RNPA party, and now serves as an independent. Brodie was re-elected by large margins in the elections of 2002, 2005 and 2008.
During his time as mayor, he has served as the Chair of the board of TransLink, the regional transit authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20006340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006340" title="Burning Valley">
Burning Valley

Burning Valley is a 1953 coming-of-age novel by the American writer Phillip Bonosky set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1920s. It was originally published in the Communist Party publication "Masses and Mainstream". In 1998 it was reprinted as part of the series "The Radical Novel Reconsidered" by the University of Illinois Press.
The novel tells the story of Benedict Bulmanis, son of an immigrant Lithuanian steelworker, who feels called to the Roman Catholic priesthood, but is torn by local political events as steelworkers struggle to organize in the face of corporate expansion. Banks and millowners plan to clear land in the Monongahela River Valley for a new steel mill, but it means forcing workers from their homes. This expansion and technological upgrading will increase production but lay off thousands. The workers and homeless rebel, in an echo of the Steel strike of 1919, and young Benedict must choose sides.

</doc>
<doc id="20006389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006389" title="Salem Probate &amp; Family Court">
Salem Probate &amp; Family Court

Salem Probate & Family Court is a Court Located in Salem, Massachusetts in the County of Essex. The court deals in Probate and Family Law matters.
Justices.
The Following Justices operate out of the Salem Probate & Family Court:

</doc>
<doc id="20006390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006390" title="Recuerdos del Alma">
Recuerdos del Alma

Recuerdos del Alma (Eng.: "Soul Memories") is the title of a studio album released by romantic music group Los Temerarios. This album became their seventh number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20006435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006435" title="Treaty of Nettuno">
Treaty of Nettuno

The Treaty of Nettuno was an agreement made between the governments of the Kingdom of Italy and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia on July 20, 1925, which permitted Italians to freely immigrate into Yugoslavia's coastal region of Dalmatia. Its ratification in the Yugoslav parliament took three years, as opposition Croatian Peasant Party representatives were infuriated with the treaty, calling it colonization by Benito Mussolini.
Following the assassination of Stjepan Radić, a new ruling coalition under Anton Korošec managed to ratify the treaty by a single vote on August 13, 1928, a move that came too late to placate the Italians yet further outraged the Croats.

</doc>
<doc id="20006456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006456" title="Khirsain">
Khirsain

Khirsain is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2406 living in 449 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006461" title="Ladagada">
Ladagada

Ladagada is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3081 living in 626 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006467" title="Lamikhal">
Lamikhal

Lamikhal is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3291 living in 661 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006471" title="Lana Kedareswor">
Lana Kedareswor

Lana Kedareswor is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3339 living in 586 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006473" title="Cavallo's multiplier">
Cavallo's multiplier

Cavallo's multiplier was an early electrostatic influence machine, invented in 1795 by the Anglo-Italian natural philosopher Tiberius Cavallo. Its purpose was to multiply, or amplify, a small electric charge to a level where it was detectable by the insensitive electroscopes of the day. Repeated operation of the device could produce voltages high enough to generate sparks.
Description.
Cavallo described his machine in his 1795 "Treatise on Electricity". He had examined Bennet's charge doubler of 1787 and found it wanting in several regards, notably in its inconsistent operation and tendency to retain the charge from an earlier experiment. Cavallo resolved to build a better device. His machine consisted of four metal plates supported on a wooden board by posts, of which three were insulating and one conducting.
The charge to be multiplied was applied to the first of these (plate "A"), which stood on an insulating post. A moveable insulated metal plate ("B") was brought close to "A" (though not permitted to touch it), and then grounded. The charge on "A" caused charge separation on "B" due to electrostatic induction. Plate "B" was then moved away, breaking its earth connection. Since "B" was insulated, it acquired and retained a small charge opposite in sign to the charge on "A". Plate "B" was transferred by means of an insulating rod to be brought into electrical contact with the third metal plate "C" which was insulated. Since both "B" and "C" were conducting, "B" would transfer a portion of its charge to "C". To maximise the transferred charge, "C" was placed in close proximity to a final metal plate "D", which was earthed.
The experimenter would move Plate "B" repeatedly back and forth, placing it near to "A" and earthed at one end of its motion, and then into contact with "C" at the other. With each cycle, charge was drawn from the Earth and added to "C". After a suitable number of cycles, the grounded plate "D" would be removed, and the electrostatic potential on "C" would rise to approximately the potential of "A" multiplied by the number of operations.
Cavallo termed his device a multiplier, though 'addition' was perhaps a more accurate description of its operation, as the charge on "C" was accumulated by successive additions.
Wilson's machine.
Wilson's machine, described by its inventor in "Nicholson's Journal" in August 1804, was a development on this concept which simultaneously operated two Cavallo's multipliers by means of a pair of reciprocating levers. One side would accumulate the charge of the other, and since the two accumulating plates were connected together by means of a wire, Wilson's machine was a true multiplier, rather than an addition machine. The charge would thus accumulate more rapidly than Cavallo's multiplier and the machine could generate high voltages in a short period of time. It moreover was self-exciting, needing no initial charge to operate, as the small initial charge acquired from contact electrification was enough to start the accumulation process.

</doc>
<doc id="20006479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006479" title="Miss South Africa 2009">
Miss South Africa 2009

Miss South Africa 2009 was held on 13 December 2009 in Sun City, South Africa. The winner will represent South Africa at Miss Universe 2010 and Miss World 2010. 12 contestants competed for the crown. Nicole Flint was crowned Miss South Africa 2009 by the outgoing title holder Tatum Keshwar from Durban.
Crossovers.
The following contestants previously competed at notable national and international beauty pageants:

</doc>
<doc id="20006480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006480" title="Foote Station, West Virginia">
Foote Station, West Virginia

Foote Station was a community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States, located on Horseshoe Run Road about one mile (1.6 km) from Georges Run Road. The farm house owned by Hampshire County, Virginia Delegate James Allen still stands at Foote Station. Before modern transportation was available, Foote Station was a stagecoach stop and also had a post office.

</doc>
<doc id="20006482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006482" title="Alfreda and Bolesław Pietraszek">
Alfreda and Bolesław Pietraszek

Alfreda and Bolesław Pietraszek were a Polish husband and wife who sheltered several Jewish families consisting of 18 people during the Nazi German occupation of Poland in World War II. They were posthumously bestowed the titles of Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem in September 2007. The medals and a diploma were presented by the Israeli vice-ambassador in Poland, Yossef Levy, to their two surviving cousins, Zofia Panfil and Jolanta Okulicz-Kozaryn from Olsztyn. In his speech, Yossef Levy said. "We have the utmost respect for those who risked their lives to save Jews under the threat of death. The rescued will never forget the rescuers." 
Alfreda was a well-educated woman, who spoke four languages including German, which was very helpful during the war, when she had to prevent the Nazi Germans from searching through their property. Her husband was raised with a patriotic spirit; his father participated in the January Uprising at the age of 17, and his brother Marian died as a volunteer in the Polish-Soviet War. Their birthdates are unknown, it has only been established that they were married in 1920. According to the testimony of their relative, Jolanta Okulicz-Kozaryn, their decision to hide the Jews was a conscious one. During the war, Alfreda and Bolesław Pietraszek, a childless couple — both 60 years old — lived on a farm in Ceranów village "(pictured)" in Sokołów County in east-central Poland. For two years, around their farm, they harbored several Jewish families consisting of 18 people: hiding in their barn, in their basements, and in pig pens.
Collective rescue.
To feed the people they sheltered, Alfreda and Bolesław Pietraszek relied on assistance from their neighbors and other inhabitants of the village. The rescuers and the rescued were never betrayed, and only one person did not survive — a child — smothered by his own mother with a pillow in order to stop the crying when the German patrol was in the house.
"Even now, I can't quite believe this was a true story regardless of how well documented it is" — said Grażyna Panfil-Rogińska, daughter of Zofia Panfil, remembering the telephone call from the elated Bencion Sela from Israel — "he was so moved. Until today, over his own bed he has a portrait of his savior. He sent it to me via email" — she said. Rogińska received a call also from Szaul Kopyto living in Washington, who confessed that he kept silent for years only because he needed to forget the experience. 
The Jews, harbored by Pietraszek couple between 1941–1943 managed to escape from the ghetto in nearby Sokołów Podlaski, a home to a large population of Jews before the invasion. The ghetto was eventually liquidated by the Nazis with all its inhabitants sent to Treblinka extermination camp. Among those rescued was the whole family of Bencian Sela (his name also spelled as Ben Cjon Sela) including his grandparents. Sela's family, after the war, wanted to present the Pietraszeks with gold and other valuables, but the Poles refused saying that the Selas would need it more. 
After the war, the Pietraszeks lost most of their 100-hectare farm to an agrarian reform in the new communist Poland.The couple was eventually forced to leave the village after being subjected to over two dozen assaults and robberies. Local thieves, aware that the couple had sheltered Jews on their property, believed that there were Jewish valuables there, unaware that Pietraszeks refused any financial help from the rescued. Bolesław Pietraszek was injured by a hand grenade in one of the assaults. They both died in abject poverty in 1965. 
The ceremony at which the Yad Vashem titles were granted to Alfreda and Bolesław Pietraszek took place during the inauguration of the Festival of the Jewish Culture in Olsztyn, popularized by Gazeta Wyborcza and other Polish media.

</doc>
<doc id="20006493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006493" title="Gia Sena">
Gia Sena

Gia Sena (Greek: "Για Σένα"; English: "For You"; also known as "Gia Sena Sakis Rouvas") is the third studio album by Greek musician Sakis Rouvas, released in October 1993 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece.
Singles.
"Kane Me"
"To Xero Ise Moni"
"Xehase To"

</doc>
<doc id="20006535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006535" title="Pure Coolness">
Pure Coolness

Pure Coolness () is a 2007 film by Kyrgyz director Ernest Abdyjaparov.
Plot.
The film is about the traditional custom of Ala Kachuu – "bride stealing". The film addresses the question of whether the practice can be defended in this day and age, even if the couple end up living "happily ever after". The tale that it tells explores a variety of themes includes family loyalty, deception, betrayal and love.
Asema (played by Asem Toktobekova) is a city girl who is dating a boy, Murat, from a small village. She announces to her parents that she is going with her boyfriend to his village to meet his family. Her mother pleads with her not to go, informing her that bride kidnapping still occurs in the country side. While there, and after trying to go back home after she catches her boyfriend with an old flame, she becomes a victim of mistaken identity. She is kidnapped to be the bride of Sagyn, the village shepherd, instead of a local orphan that has been chosen for him by his relatives.
Popularity.
According to the film's director, the movie was so popular in Kyrgyzstan that in 2007, 20% of newborn girls were named Asema, after the film's main character.
References.
http://www.kinokultura.com/2008/20r-bozsalkyn.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="20006540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006540" title="Wish list">
Wish list

There are two types of wish lists: personal (or organizational) wish lists, and software user wish lists. 
Personal (or organizational) wish lists compile an itemization of goods or services they desire. The list's author will then distribute copies of this list to family, friends, and other stakeholders who are likely to purchase gifts for the would-be recipient. The goal of a wish list is to facilitate communication between the gift receiver and the gift giver. Wish lists often contain items that a gift purchaser can obtain from a variety of retailers. Some wish lists are specialized for particular purposes or concentrated at individual retailers, such as gift registries (e.g., bridal registries).
Software user wish lists are typically written as one word: "wishlist". The user wish list is a compilation of user suggestions for requested features. Many enterprise websites and software packages offer users the option to add a "wish" - a suggestion for improvement or change - and to vote on the importance of suggestions supplied by the publisher or author of the website or software, and they attempt to give a quick response to the suggestions. For example Microsoft Visual Studio has a "community" menu, and Facebook has a "suggestions" section. 
In many cases, when a company fails to supply such a framework, users create their own lists, in Internet forums or in blogs. When such a list becomes popular, the company must respond to the common requests.
Occasions for wish lists.
In some cultures, people often exchange wish lists before major holidays that include gift giving, such as Christmas. Other common occasions for issuing wish lists include baby showers, birthdays, housewarmings, weddings, and charity drives.
Online wish list.
An online wish list typically allows a registered user to create a wish list, add wishes to it and then spread a link to the wish list via email or social media like Facebook and Twitter. Visitors to the published wish list can in most cases comment wishes and reserve them. This adds a collaborative perspective among the viewers that would be much harder to achieve for analog wish lists.

</doc>
<doc id="20006551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006551" title="Cabinet of Serbia (2001–04)">
Cabinet of Serbia (2001–04)

In the first post-Milošević Serbian parliamentary elections held on December 20, 2000, the Democratic Opposition of Serbia coalition (DOS) won 64.7% of the popular vote translating into 176 seats in the Serbian National Assembly (out of 250 seats). 
Zoran Đinđić, the leader of the Democratic Party, was designated as Prime Minister and given the task of forming Serbia's first freely elected post-communist and post-Milošević Government. The Government was sworn in on 25 January 2001 and its term officially ended on March 3, 2004, when the new government under PM Vojislav Koštunica was unveiled following the 2003 Serbian parliamentary election held in late December.
When PM Zoran Đinđić was assassinated on March 12, 2003, Nebojša Čović (one of the five deputy PMs at the time) became the acting PM for four days until Zoran Živković got named as the new Prime Minister on March 16, 2003.
After Đinđić's assassination, the government also went through a slight reconfiguration as Čedomir Jovanović, up to that point DOS' parliamentary club chief, became deputy PM.
Composition.
Deputy Ministers.
The Deputy Ministers in the Serbian Government appointed in February 2001 were:
(The post of Deputy Minister has since 2004 been abolished and a new post of State Secretary ("državni sekretar") has been instituted (of which there are several in each Ministry).
References.
1. ^ Official Gazette of the Republic of Serbia No.14, 23 February 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20006561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006561" title="Past, Present, Future">
Past, Present, Future

Past, Present, Future or Past, Present and Future may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006583" title="South Down (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)">
South Down (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)

South Down was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries.
South Down was a county constituency comprising part of southern County Down. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. South Armagh was created by the division of Down into eight new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged, returning one Member of Parliament until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The seat was centred on the towns of Newry and Warrenpoint, and also included parts of the rural districts of Kilkeel and Newry No. 1.
Politics.
The seat had a substantial nationalist majority, with nationalist candidates winning every election, excepting 1938, when no nationalist stood.

</doc>
<doc id="20006584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006584" title="Contextual performance">
Contextual performance

In recent years, contextual performance has emerged as an important aspect of overall job performance. Job performance is no longer considered to consist strictly of performance on a task. Rather, with an increasingly competitive job market, employees are expected to go above and beyond the requirements listed in their job descriptions. Contextual performance, which is defined as activities that contribute to the social and psychological core of the organization, is beginning to be viewed as equally important to task performance. Examples of contextual performance include volunteering for additional work, following organizational rules and procedures even when personally inconvenient, assisting and cooperating with coworkers, and various other discretionary behaviors. By strengthening the viability of social networks, these activities are posited to enhance the psychological climate in which the technical core is nested.
Overview.
This construct was first identified in the industrial and organizational psychology research world by Borman & Motowidlo. Since that time, contextual performance has become an increasingly important research topic. Because of increased research efforts being focused on contextual performance, actual organizations have begun utilizing this concept by both rewarding it and incorporating it into performance appraisals. With the rise of the knowledge economy, the expectations for employees have expanded. Employees who exhibit voluntary effort and spontaneous, innovative behavior are increasingly important for organizations' competitive advantage. While the construct of contextual performance is very similar to organizational citizenship behavior (OCBs) and prosocial behavior, various Industrial/Organizational psychologists contend that contextual performance is in fact a construct in its own right. 
The counterpart to contextual performance is task performance. Task performance is defined as the work activities that contribute to an organization’s technical core. Contextual performance is more likely to be voluntary in nature, whereas task performance is more likely to be prescribed by the formal job role. Despite the fact that contextual performance is more discretionary in nature, research indicates that managers include these behaviors when conducting performance evaluations. This highlights the fact that these behaviors are becoming more and more a requirement on the job. While conceptually different, these two types of performance have moderately high correlations, indicating that they share some of the same properties or those employees who are good task performers also are good contextual performers. These findings suggest that the two constructs are distinct yet related, which is important because this overlap may be influenced during performance evaluations.
Taxonomy of Contextual Performance.
Research has yielded several taxonomies of contextual performance and organizational citizenship behavior. Borman & Motowildo describe contextual performance as encompassing both OCB’s and prosocial work behaviors. The following is Borman & Motowildo’s taxonomy: 
In order to garner information regarding an employee’s contextual performance, researchers generally adapt items from the previous taxonomy. Items are generally measured by supervisors on a Likert Scale, from one to five. A few sample items that capture the construct of contextual performance are:
Dispositional Predictors of Contextual Performance.
In order to select employees who will engage in contextual performance, employers need to identify what traits of prospective employees predict contextual performance. Researchers believe that there are different traits and abilities that predict task and contextual performance. Intelligence has been found to be a significant predictor of task performance. Intelligence, or general mental ability, was also found to predict procedural knowledge, or knowledge of how to do a task, which in turn predicts contextual performance. Otherwise, there is limited support for the relationship between intelligence and contextual performance. Because of this, research has also explored non-cognitive predictors of performance such as personality. Research findings show that the personality trait of conscientiousness does indeed have a weak to moderate positive relationship with contextual performance. Openness to experience and extraversion, however, was found to have a weak correlation at most. 
As contextual performance is sometimes directed at other employees, it is important to note that in a team setting, the personality traits of conscientiousness, extraversion, and agreeableness predict contextual performance. Other personality traits, besides the Big Five, have also been researched. It was found that the relationship between dependability, work orientation, and cooperativeness and contextual performance is significantly larger than their relationship with task performance.
Situational and Job-Related Predictors of Contextual Performance.
Along with personality and dispositional traits, the job-related characteristics and attitudes of organizational justice, job satisfaction, and leader supportiveness are all antecedents of contextual performance. Specifically, if an individual perceives that he/she is being treated fairly, if they are satisfied with their job, and if they feel that their supervisor or leader provides support, their contextual performance is expected to increase. These antecedents are important because they are potentially under the control of organizations. By improving upon certain job-related characteristics, organizations may be able to increase the amount of contextual performance done by employees. Procedural justice describes the fairness used in the allocation process and was found to be positively related to two facets of contextual performance, interpersonal facilitation and job dedication. Although the correlations are weak-to-moderate, summary findings imply that when individuals are satisfied with their job and that their supervisor or leader provides support to them; their contextual performance is expected to increase. 
As evidenced by the finding that the interaction of politics at the workplace and agreeableness predicted interpersonal facilitation, organizations need to recognize that both individual differences and situational constraints influence contextual performance.
Outcomes of Contextual Performance.
Contextual performance has been found to be related to overall employee job performance. A significant portion of supervisor ratings can be accounted for by not just task performance, but contextual performance as well. Other organizational outcomes such as turnover (employment) have been found to be related to contextual performance. Indeed, research shows that contextual performance is a significant predictor of turnover over and above task performance. Employees displaying more contextual performance behaviors were less likely to turnover than those engaging in less contextual performance behaviors. While also touted as a predictor of contextual performance, organizational commitment has been found to be an outcome of contextual performance. The facet of interpersonal facilitation significantly predicts organizational commitment. Research generally supports that contextual performance does indeed relate to overall organization performance as measured by quality, quantity, financial measures, and customer service measures.
Theoretical Implications.
Many conceptualizations of employee performance focus only on task performance, and may thus be deficient because they lack the contextual performance construct. Performance is multi-dimensional, and since evidence indicates that supervisor ratings include contextual performance, a holistic conceptualization of performance should include both task and contextual performance. Another theoretical implication is the overlapping nature of contextual performance with both OCB and prosocial behavior. Some researchers argue that OCB clearly overlaps with contextual performance and should be redefined as the same construct. Future theoretical and empirical work should address these discrepancies and adjust the way it is conceptualized and operationalized as such. There is also a conceptual distinction between in-role and extra-role behaviors. Contextual performance is considered to be extra-role behaviors that are not necessarily expected or rewarded by the organization. However, this conceptualization may not be accurate.
Practical Implications.
If contextual performance is a fundamental part of the employee performance criteria, then contextual performance should be considered in all aspects of the employment process, this includes selection, performance appraisal, and rewards. Selection procedures should take into account the predictors of both task and contextual performance. Therefore when conducting performance appraisals, organizations may want to explicate that they take into account facets of both contextual and task performance. Lastly, rewards and incentives should be set up to address employees who perform helping behaviors that contribute to the overall goals of an organization as well as behaviors that contribute strictly to individuals’ projects.
Related Areas.
Organizational Citizenship Behavior

</doc>
<doc id="20006622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006622" title="Foundation Seamounts">
Foundation Seamounts

The Foundation Seamounts, also called the Foundation Seamount chain, are a northwest trending chain of seamounts located in the southern Pacific Ocean between 33° S and 39° S and between 111° W and 125° W. The chain is long and wide, and is composed by clusters of submarine volcanoes. The age of these submarine volcanoes is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20006647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006647" title="Niangua Arm US 54 Bridge">
Niangua Arm US 54 Bridge

The Niangua Arm US 54 Bridge was a truss-type bridge located on the Niangua Arm of the Lake of the Ozarks in Camden County, Missouri. It was the first bridge to span the completed Lake of the Ozarks. The bridge was similar to the Grand Glaize Bridge except that the steel framework was located on top of the deck. The bridge was torn down in 2000 and replaced by a girder bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20006668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006668" title="Soundararajan">
Soundararajan

Soundararajan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006675" title="African and Malagasy Union">
African and Malagasy Union

The African and Malagasy Union (AMU) () was an intergovernmental organization created to promote cooperation among former French colonies in Africa. The organization derives its name from the name of the continent of Africa and from the former Malagasy Republic, now Madagascar. The organization went defunct in 1985.
History.
The organization was founded in 12 September 1961 in Antananarivo by members of the Brazzaville Group of French Speaking States developing out of a meeting held in Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo in December 1960. Twelve francophone countries agreed to maintain close relationships but also a special relationship with the former colonial power, France. The original aims were both economic and political: to adopt common stands on international issues, to promote economic and culture cooperation, and to maintain a common defense organization. However, this caused a problem: the organization would have to depend on France. The diversity, geography, and post-colonial problems of the different countries stopped the organization from ever becoming significant.
In March 1964 the UAM changed its name to the Afro-Malagasy Union for Economic Cooperation (Union Africaine et Malgache de Coopération Économique; UAMCE). Subsequently, it confined itself to economic affairs and by 1966 had become inactive.
The African and Malagasy Common Organization (Organization Commune Africaine et Malgache; OCAM) was the successor to the UAMCE. It was set up at Nouakchott, Mauritania in February 1965 and comprised the original 12 members of the UAM with the addition of Togo. In May 1965 its membership was increased by the addition of Congo (Kinshasa) and Rwanda. In June 1965, however, Mauritania withdrew. The remaining 14 then signed the new OCAM charter on 27 June at a meeting in Antananarivo, Madagascar. The aims of the organization were economic, social, technical, and cultural cooperation. OCAM dropped the political and defense objectives that its predecessor, the UAM, had attempted to embrace. It created the structures of an international organization: a Conference of Heads of State and Government, a Council of Ministers, a Secretariat and Secretary-General, and established its headquarters at Bangui in the Central African Republic. It developed a number of joint services and of these the most successful and most well known is the multinational airline Air Afrique. In 1979 the airline was separated from OCAM. 
The organization's later history became increasingly troubled. Mauritius joined in 1970. Congo (Kinshasa), by then renamed Zaire, withdrew in 1972; Congo (Brazzaville) in 1973; Cameroon, Chad and Madagascar in 1974; Gabon in 1977. However, some of these countries retained their links with OCAM's various agencies. In 1982 OCAM held a summit at Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire; it had then changed its name, though only to substitute Mauritius for Madagascar, to Organization Commune Africaine et Mauricienne. OCAM, also, has ceased to operate. The organization officially went extinct in 1985.
Member states.
Founding members:
Joined February 1965:
Joined May 1965:
Joined 1970:

</doc>
<doc id="20006697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006697" title="Gift registry">
Gift registry

A gift registry is a particular type of wish list. Typically, when a recipient compiles a list of items they wish to receive and then hands it out to family and friends, they have created a wish list. A registry, on the other hand, is made public, and is limited to the stock of a given retailer. The retailer will maintain the list for the registrant and make sure that items are removed from the list as they are purchased. Retailers will often not divulge who has purchased the registered items. In 2004, North American Shopping Centers (notably Galleria Edina) began to extend this concept by offering registries that had access to multiple shops within individual Centers. In the United Kingdom a gift registry is frequently referred to as a 'gift list' and has become an established part of British weddings, with the service often provided by most department stores.
Goals.
A managed registry system has several goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20006711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006711" title="Karl Kassel">
Karl Kassel

Karl W. Kassel (born September 10, 1952) is a retired businessman and government administrator, and more recently a Democratic politician, from the U.S. state of Alaska. In 2008, following his retirement as parks and recreation director for the Fairbanks North Star Borough (FNSB), Kassel ran for the Alaska House of Representatives from the 7th District, which covers most of the FNSB north of the city of Fairbanks. As the Democratic nominee challenging embattled Republican incumbent Mike Kelly, a bitterly-fought campaign led to a close result and a recount of votes. In the end, Kelly would outpoll Kassel by only 4 votes. Kelly would lose reelection in 2010 to Bob Miller, a former news anchor on Fairbanks television station KTVF. That same year, Kassel won election to a seat on the FNSB Assembly, the borough's governing body, which is a nonpartisan position (as is the case with all municipal elected offices in Alaska). He defeated incumbent Guy Sattley, who had served five mostly non-consecutive terms on the body starting in 1990.
Biography.
Karl W. Kassel was born in 1952 in New York. After graduating from Brockport State with a degree in physical education and a minor in recreation, he moved to Alaska.
Kassel lives "off-the-grid" in a rural corner of the FNSB near the former Murphy Dome Air Force Station. His house, built in 2009 and occupied by Kassel and his family beginning early the following year, was noted for a combination of window placement, solar panels and a heat exchange system, which resulted in little usage of fossil fuel oils to heat the home.
Kassel has traded on the similarity of his name to that of the NPR broadcaster Carl Kasell. He has participated in fundraising efforts for public radio station (and NPR affiliate) KUAC where he offers to record an answering machine or voice mail greeting, similar to the prize offered on "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" where Kasell records such a greeting.
Political career.
2008: Campaign for state house.
Kassel was unchallenged in the primary and received 1,844 votes. His Republican opponent was Mike Kelly. He lost the election receiving 5,020 votes as opposed to 5,024 for Kelly, a difference of only four votes.
2010-present: Fairbanks North Star Borough Assembly.
Kassel defeated incumbent Guy Sattley to claim Seat I. Seat I is a three year term.
In 2012, Kassel was elected by his fellow Assembly members to serve as the body's presiding officer for the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20006714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006714" title="Second American Civil War">
Second American Civil War

The first American Civil War spanned from 1861 to 1865, after which the Union was restored. Rhetorical or hyperbolic references to a Second American Civil War have been made on a number of occasions throughout the history of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20006719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006719" title="Jimmy Corcoran">
Jimmy Corcoran

James J. "Jimmy" Corcoran (1819 – November 13, 1900) was an Irish-born American laborer and well-known personality among the Irish-American community of the historic "Corcoran's Roost" and the Kip's Bay districts, roughly the area near 40th Street and First Avenue in Manhattan, and was widely regarded as the champion of working class Irish immigants between 1850 and 1880. 
He is alleged to have been somewhat of an underworld figure, under the alias Paddy Corcoran, founding the "Rag Gang" which operated with his sons on the Manhattan waterfront during the late 19th century and presumably carried on by his son Tommy Corcoran for a decade after his death.
Biography.
Corcoran was born in Balbriggen, Ireland, near Dublin, and immigrated to the United States when he was 25. He worked as a laborer in New Orleans for a time and also lived in Cold-Spring-on-the-Hudson before settling in New York City prior to the American Civil War. He found work as a truckman and, experiencing some prejudice, Corcoran made a home in a squatter colony in Dutch Hill. The colony was constructed on an earth mound near 40th Street and the First Avenue and was considered a high-crime poverty-stricken area of the city. 
Corcoran was the first to organize neighboring squatters, particularly the Ward, Henry, Nugent, Cullen and Killian families, to build a permanent shanty community. By the 1860s, he had become acknowledged as head of the colony. During its early years, residents feuded with neighboring squatters on Clara's Hill, founded by immigrants who had lived in the same region in Mountmillick, Ireland. Frequent fighting led to altercations with police, whom the squatters often turn against to the amusement of onlookers, and Corcoran would often put up bail for offenders and was reputed to have "a caustic tongue and a ready wit" when he arrived at the local station house. 
He and his family eventually left the colony and moved to a nearby brick house on East Fortieth Street but remained involved in its affairs for another twenty years. In May 1899, he offered the deed to Corcoran's Roost as security to release Robert Dougherty on bail from Yorkville Court. After his wife's death a month later, Corcoran lived for another year before he died at his home ""shrived and regretted"" on November 13, 1900. He had been successful in business during his later years, with an estate worth $25,000 and owning several roadhouses, which he left to his four children upon his death. 
The original site of Dutch Hill was later partly used to construct present-day Cob Dock at the New York Navy Yard and became a tenement district. Tudor City was built on the site of Corcoran's Roost during the late 1920s and a Gothic inscription was later engraved above the entrance of the central Tudor Tower in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20006730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006730" title="Magic Fern (novel)">
Magic Fern (novel)

The Magic Fern is a novel by the American writer Phillip Bonosky set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1950s. 
In the story a militant worker named Leo returns to his Pennsylvania hometown, where after the Korean War the steel mill is undergoing automation and workers are losing jobs. American Steel now has an international dimension. In its quest for profits iron ore is now imported from Venezuela and the Turpin Company's steel is exported around the world.
To prevent mass layoffs, the union organizes against the Turpin Company and a communist club takes a leading role in the struggle. Subplots include a struggle to free two black youth who are the victims of a racist frame-up, and the fight against the efforts of Turpin to shift the tax burden onto the poor and workers.

</doc>
<doc id="20006781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006781" title="Family Secret (disambiguation)">
Family Secret (disambiguation)

Family secret or family secrets can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006813" title="Latamandau">
Latamandau

Latamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4267 living in 838 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006815" title="Fairview Lake (Pennsylvania)">
Fairview Lake (Pennsylvania)

Fairview Lake is a 169-acre natural lake located in Palmyra Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania in the United States, just south of Lake Wallenpaupack.
The lake has a maximum depth of 48 feet. The lake is home to one of the most distinctive land forms in the state - running through the middle of this waterway is a ridge over which the water is only three to five feet deep. 
The lake is a prime fishing and boating area. Boating is permitted on the lake, and gas motors are permitted. The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission maintains a small boat launch facility on the southwestern corner of the lake, capacity approximately 10 cars with trailers. Boat access can be reached by taking SR 0390 north from I-84 to SR 4004.

</doc>
<doc id="20006821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006821" title="Laxmi Nagar (Nepal)">
Laxmi Nagar (Nepal)

Laxmi Nagar is a Village Development Committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3844 residing in 682 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006822" title="The Electra">
The Electra

The Electra is an underground rock group from the Bay Area California.
Formed in 1985 by Brian Nixon and Jeff Carlson, and later joined by Chris Manak (Peanut Butter Wolf). The Electra influenced several musical artists, especially through the ongoing musical production of the various members of the group. The music consisted of alternative, punk, hip-hop, and avant-garde influences.
After three indie releases, ("The Electra", 1987; "Isaac, Felia, The Alley Bricks and Rain", 1988, and "Silent People", 1989), The Electra put out one major release, "USAmerica", with Epithet/Americanon Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20006823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006823" title="Fort Nonsense">
Fort Nonsense

Fort Nonsense can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006825" title="Camp Beauregard Memorial in Water Valley">
Camp Beauregard Memorial in Water Valley

The Camp Beauregard Memorial, outside Water Valley, Kentucky on Kentucky state road 2422 northeast of town, marks the site of Camp Beauregard during the American Civil War. It was named for Confederate general P. G. T. Beauregard. It was situated to protect the right flank of the Confederate base at Columbus, Kentucky.
While an active military installation, from September 1861 to March 1, 1862, it trained 5,000-6,000 soldiers for the Confederate States of America. However, the place was disease-ridden, resulting in 1,000-1,500 deaths at the camp. The diseases ranged from cerebrospinal meningitis, pneumonia, and typhoid fever with poor weather and lack of sufficient supplies for the troops contributing to the dire situation. In a single day 75 cases of typhoid and pneumonia were reported. Under the direction of the 27th Tennessee Regiment's Colonel Thomas Logwood, the camp was burned down. Union forces captured the site shortly after the abandonment.
In 1909 the United Daughters of the Confederacy placed a small monument dedicated to the fallen soldiers at the site entrance, and then an eleven foot monument within the cemetery. It was increased in 1930 by the addition of a concrete base. There were plans for a larger memorial, but they never materialized.
The now-private cemetery is believed by some to be haunted.
On July 17, 1997, the Camp Beauregard Memorial in Water Valley was one of sixty different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. Two other monuments on the list are in Graves County, both in Mayfield: the Confederate Memorial in Mayfield and the Confederate Memorial Gates in Mayfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20006832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006832" title="Mahadevsthan, Seti">
Mahadevsthan, Seti

Mahadevsthan is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3317 living in 663 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006837" title="Mannakapadi">
Mannakapadi

Mannakapadi is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3184 living in 527 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006843" title="Vinod Aggarwal">
Vinod Aggarwal

Vinod K. Aggarwal (born November 26, 1953) is Professor of Political Science, Affiliated Professor in the Haas School of Business, and directs the Berkeley APEC Study Center (BASC) at the University of California at Berkeley. He is a Visiting Professor at INSEAD's Asia campus, a blogger for the "Harvard Business Review", and has contributed to the "New York Times". He also serves as Editor-in-Chief of the journal "Business and Politics". Aggarwal is a frequent commentator and author about issues related to international political economy.
Biography.
Aggarwal is an expert on U.S. trade policy, corporate strategy, international trade institutions, globalization, international debt rescheduling, international political economy, and international relations. His research interests include the international politics of trade, international finance, comparative public policy, rational choice, and bargaining theory. He is frequently sought out in these areas by the private and public sector. Some corporations which he has worked with include Cisco, Hewlett Packard, Qualcomm, Herman Miller, Italcementi, ARCO, and Nestle. Professor Aggarwal was recently named Chief Economist for the global growth consulting firm Frost and Sullivan. In the public sector, Professor Aggarwal has consulted with the U.S. Department of Commerce, World Trade Organization, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the Group of Thirty (G30), IFAD, the International Labor Organization, ASEAN, and the World Bank among other organizations. In November 2008, he was invited to speak at the APEC CEO Summit in Lima, Peru.
Professor Aggarwal was an Abe Fellow with the Japan Foundation for 2008-2009. He is a fellow with the Center for Globalisation Research at the University of London, a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and a founding member of the United States Asia Pacific Council. In 2003-2004, Professor Aggarwal was a Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center in which he researched the pursuit of multiple modes of trade liberalization (unilateral, bilateral, minilateral, multilateral) on the stability of the world trading system. 
He regularly teaches undergraduate and graduate courses on international political economy, international relations, and business and public policy. Aggarwal was the recipient of the Cheit Outstanding Teaching Award from the Haas School of Business for PhD teaching in 1997. In 2003 he was first runner-up for the Cheit Award for MBA teaching and won in 2005 first place.
Aggarwal speaks five languages, including Italian, Spanish, Hindi and French. He received a bachelors degree in political science and psychology from the University of Michigan and a masters and doctorate degree with a focus on international political economy from Stanford University. He was born in Seattle, Washington.
Publications.
A selected list of publications taken from Professor Aggarwal's Curriculum Vitae.
Authored books
Edited books
Articles and chapters

</doc>
<doc id="20006846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006846" title="Mudabhara">
Mudabhara

Mudabhara is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4263 living in 840 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006855" title="Nirauli">
Nirauli

Nirauli is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2463 living in 420 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006857" title="Pachanali">
Pachanali

Pachanali is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2985 living in 556 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006872" title="Pokhari, Seti">
Pokhari, Seti

Pokhari is a Village Development Committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2968 residing in 632 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006878" title="Ranagau">
Ranagau

Ranagau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2391 living in 444 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006885" title="Sanagau">
Sanagau

Sanagau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1871 living in 383 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20006907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006907" title="Zijemlje">
Zijemlje

Zijemlje is a village and the seat of East Mostar municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20006909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006909" title="Compton Bassett (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Compton Bassett (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Compton Bassett is a historic home in Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, that was constructed ca. 1783. It is a two-story brick Georgian house, covered with cream-colored stucco, on a high basement of gray stucco. A two-story wing was added in 1928. Remaining outbuildings include a chapel to the southeast, a meathouse to the southwest, and a dairy to the northwest. Also on the property is a family burial ground.
The Hill family and descendents lived at this site from 1699 to 1900. Hills Bridge (700 meters to the southeast) has carried traffic over the Patuxent River here since a toll bridge was first constructed in 1852 by W.B. Hill. Compton Bassett was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In July 2010 the house and grounds were acquired by the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20006920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006920" title="Laird Koenig">
Laird Koenig

Laird Koenig (born 24 September 1927 in Seattle, Washington) is an American author. His best-known work is "The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane," a novel published in 1974. The novel was adapted into a movie starring Jodie Foster. He also wrote a play based on the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20006938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006938" title="Opera House (disambiguation)">
Opera House (disambiguation)

An opera house is a theatre building used primarily for opera performances.
Opera House may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20006961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006961" title="Institute of Islamic and Arabic Sciences in America">
Institute of Islamic and Arabic Sciences in America

Institute of Islamic and Arabic Sciences in America is the Virginia-based American satellite campus of Saudi Arabia's Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University
Background.
The Institute of Islamic and Arabic Sciences in America (IIASA) was established in 1988 as a nonprofit organization in Fairfax, Virginia. A satellite of Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, 
IIASA is funded by, and serves as an arm of, the Saudi embassy's Religious Affairs Department. The Institute's Board Chairman is the former Saudi ambassador to America (from 1983 to 2005), Prince Bandar Bin Sultan. 
According to Stephen Schwartz, IIASA has been a major center for Saudi-sponsored Islamic outreach in America, training imams for local mosques in addition to at least 75 Muslim lay chaplains for service in the U.S. armed forces. Its 400 students pay no tuition. In late 2002, Ali al-Ahmed, a prominent Saudi dissident then based in Washington, DC, charged that IIASA, in its instruction on Islam, hewed to an ultra-radical line.
On December 22, 2003, Senator Charles Grassley of the Senate Finance Committee included IIASA in a list of U.S.-based, Saudi-established nonprofits and charities suspected of laundering funds used for terrorism. 
In January 2005 the US State Department revoked the diplomatic visas of 16 staffers at the IIASA. According to U.S. and Saudi officials it was "part of the attempt" by the US and Saudi Arabia "to curb the spread of extremist Islamic rhetoric" in the US and "ensure that all Saudi Embassy employees are engaged in legitimate diplomatic activity." 
Controversial Saudi cleric and professor at Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University, Abd Al-Aziz Fawzan Al-Fawzan, taught at IIASA for a while.

</doc>
<doc id="20006972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006972" title="1958–59 Greek Cup">
1958–59 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1958–59 was the 17th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 5 July 1959. The match was contested by Olympiacos and Doxa Drama, with Olympiacos taking the title 2–1.
Final.
The 17th Greek Cup Final was played at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.
1Greek FA's official site mention Yfantis as scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="20006990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006990" title="Emmanuel Banahene">
Emmanuel Banahene

Emmanuel Banahene Osei (born August 16, 1988) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Karşıyaka on loan from Orduspor. Banahene is most comfortable in attacking roles, mainly striker, winger or offensive midfielder.
Career.
Banahene started his career at Ghanaian side Stay Cool F.C. He then moved to International Allies, where he was part of the team which won the 3rd edition of the Mylik Classic U-19 Tournament, played between 27–29 November 2005 at Dansoman Park, Accra, Ghana. On June 3, 2006, Heart of Lions F.C. signed him to a 3-year contract. He was then bought by Israeli side Hapoel Petach Tikva in the summer of 2008. However, he received limited playing opportunities in first half of the 2008/2009 season and was subsequently loaned to lower-division side Ramata Shalon. At the end of his loan, in October 2009, he returned to Ghana to sign a new one-year contract with Heart of Lions F.C., starting a second stint at the club. In 2010, Banahene was sold again, this time to Berekum Chelsea, and then again the following year, to Turkish club Orduspor. In 2012, he was loaned to TFF First League team Giresunspor. In summer of 2012, he signed a one-year loan deal with Karşıyaka.On December 24, 2012 he terminated his agreement with Orduspor. He will be a free agent per 1 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20006995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20006995" title="Lyell, New Zealand">
Lyell, New Zealand

Lyell is the site of a historic gold mining town in the Buller Gorge in the South Island of New Zealand. It lies on State Highway 6
The location is now a campsite maintained by the Department of Conservation. None of the original buildings remain but a track from the campsite leads to a cemetery and an old stamping battery. 
The gold rush in Lyell was in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="20007013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007013" title="Ken Ash">
Ken Ash

Kenneth Lowther Ash (September 26, 1901 - November 15, 1979) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He was born in Anmoore, West Virginia on September 16, 1901. He batted and threw right-handed, was 5 foot 11, and 165 pounds. Ken attended school at West Virginia Wesleyan College. Ash pitched in two games in the season for the Chicago White Sox with an ERA of 9.00. 
He played for the Cincinnati Reds in the - seasons with 53 games and 158 innings pitched. In his career, Ken had a 6-8 record in 55 games, allowing 6 home runs and an ERA of 4.96.
On July 27, 1930, Ash earned a win against the Chicago with just one inning of relief and with him only throwing one pitch. Ash was called in to relief by Cincinnati Manager Dan Howley with the Reds trailing 3-2 in the top of sixth. The Cubs had two runners on base, Hack on third, and Danny Taylor on first. At the plate for Chicago was Charlie Grimm. Grimm grounded Ash's first pitch to Reds shortstop Hod Ford. Wilson, who broke for home, suddenly. Ford threw the ball to Reds third baseman Tony Cuccinello who then threw to Reds catcher Clyde Sukeforth who successfully ran down Wilson and tagged him for out number one. In the meantime, Grimm after reaching first base set off for second. Taylor was still occupying that base. Grimm tried returning to first, but Sukeforth threw the ball to Reds first baseman Joe Stripp. Stripp tagged Grimm for out number two. 
Taylor took off for third base. Stripp threw the ball to Cuccinello who tagged Taylor out to complete a 6-5-2-3-5 triple play. Ken Ash was pinch hit for in the bottom of the sixth and Cincinnati scored four runs to take the lead which they held.

</doc>
<doc id="20007024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007024" title="Cyclofenil">
Cyclofenil

Cyclofenil (INN, trade names Ondogyne, Sexovid, and others) is a selective estrogen receptor modulator.
It was investigated as a possible treatment for scleroderma in the 1980s, but was found to be ineffective. Later study of its efficacy in treating Raynaud's phenomenon in people with scleroderma also found no statistically significant benefit.

</doc>
<doc id="20007031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007031" title="Zeranol">
Zeranol

Zeranol (α-zearalanol) is a non-steroidal estrogen agonist. It is a mycotoxin, derived from fungi in the "Fusarium" family, and may be found as a contaminant in fungus-infected crops. It is 3-4x more potent as an estrogen agonist than the related compound zearalenone.
Zeranol is approved for use as a growth promoter in livestock, including beef cattle, in the United States. In Canada, it is approved for use in beef cattle only. Its application is not approved for use in the European Union.
Zeranol increases cancer cell proliferation in already existing breast cancer. There are mixed results to whether zeranol has anticancer or carcinogenic properties in non cancer containing breast cells depending on dose. Overall evidence points to zeranol being a risk factor and promoter for cancer. However, dietary exposure from the use of zeranol-containing implants in cattle is insignificant.

</doc>
<doc id="20007045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007045" title="List of Sons of Anarchy characters">
List of Sons of Anarchy characters

Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club.
Active SAMCRO members.
Jax Teller.
As of the end of Season 4 Jackson "Jax" Teller (Charlie Hunnam) is the current president (former vice president) of the Sons of Anarchy mother charter, having taken that rank from the previous president, Clay Morrow, by force. Born in 1978 to John and Gemma Teller, he has lived his whole life in Charming and has been raised in the club. While committed to his one percenter club's lifestyle and his fellow outlaw biker brothers, Jax still yearns to steer the organization onto a path toward long-term stability. His day job is a mechanic at Teller-Morrow Automotive Repair.
Chibs Telford.
Filip "Chibs" Telford (Tommy Flanagan) is SAMCRO's vice president, as of Season 6. Chibs is extremely loyal to Jax. Originally from Glasgow, Scotland, he grew up in Belfast, Northern Ireland. He served as a medic with the British Army, but only lasted five months before he was expelled after a court martial. His battlefield experience makes him the club's medic for backroom emergency surgery. The word "chib" is Scottish street slang for a blade, a slash or a cut.
Chibs was seriously injured by the explosion of a car bomb, an attempted assassination ordered by Ethan Zobelle at the club's garage. His estranged wife Fiona and daughter Kerrianne currently live in Ireland. Chibs was originally a member of the True IRA, but a conflict with Jimmy O'Phelan over his wife Fiona ended with Chibs receiving a prominent facial scar (hence his nickname) and being forced to leave Ireland.
In the Season 3 finale, Chibs gains retribution by killing Jimmy O. and framing Stahl for the murder. Chibs continues to be extremely loyal to Jax, helping him track down and kill Opie's murderers.
Happy Lowman.
Happy Lowman (David LaBrava) is SAMCRO's Sergeant-at-Arms as of Season 6. Formerly part of the Tacoma and Nomad charters, Happy is a ruthless killer and sports a happy face tattoo for each one of his assassinations. Like Tig, he is often asked to take on jobs for which no one else has the stomach. In the episode, "The Push," Happy is unanimously patched into the Redwood Original Charter. In Season 6, it is revealed that Happy is the new Sergeant-at-Arms when Chibs takes the vice president patch.
Tig Trager.
Alex "Tig" Trager (Kim Coates) is a member of SAMCRO, a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps and was previously Sergeant-at-Arms under Clay's presidency. While he is one of the club's more violent members, discussion of Tig's penchant for bizarre and disturbing activities is often played for comic effect. While initially very loyal to Clay, in later seasons, Tig's loyalties have shifted toward the greater club's interests, and he has apparently acclimated himself to Jax's new role as leader after initially questioning his ferocity. 
Tig was to have carried out the hit on Opie, but instead mistakenly kills Opie's wife, Donna. Afterwards, Tig seems to be in a state of depression and fights with Jax after Jax forces him at gunpoint not to kill the witness who was going to identify Bobby and Opie as the murderers of Brennan Hefner. He also allows Opie to beat him after confessing to Donna's accidental murder.
In Season 4, Tig accidentally kills the daughter of Damon Pope. In Season 5, in retaliation, Pope burns Tig's daughter Dawn alive in front of him. Pope insists to Jax that he will need to hand Tig over to him if he wants the conflict settled, but allows Jax more time. Tig thinks he has been betrayed by Jax at the end of the season, but he is told to shoot Pope so that Clay can be framed for the murder.
In Season 6, Pope's former right-hand man August believes that Clay murdered Pope, but he tells Jax he will still need to make things right by giving them Tig. Jax sets Tig up, but August lets him go, later telling Jax that it was a test. Jax plays dumb and Tig claims to believe him. Earlier in the season, Tig kills two men after one of them makes a vulgar comment about his daughter, though the man is a stranger and knows nothing about Dawn. When posing as a racist to some Nazis, he makes a comment about having to watch "a group of niggers" burn his daughter alive—both events showing that he is still hurting.
Bobby Munson.
Bobby Munson (Mark Boone Junior) is the even-tempered treasury secretary of SAMCRO, and remains in the position after Clay is voted out. The son of a Jewish accountant who worked with the Mafia, Munson brings a level of practicality to the group, offering advice to the younger Jax on a frequent basis. Munson is also known as "Bobby Elvis" for his infrequent dressing up as an Elvis Presley impersonator at toy rallies and other events where children are present. Though he frequently maintains calm among the group, Bobby is more than capable of doing violence.
He is appointed vice president by Jax, who is promoted to president in the Season 4 finale. Though loyal to the club, Munson votes against killing Clay and disagrees with Jax about framing him for Damon Pope's murder. He eventually steps down from the position at the start of Season 6, and appears to be considering going nomad.
As of Season 6, Episode 6, he has been on the road recruiting suitable members for the Redwood charter as they seek to change the direction of the club.
Juice Ortiz.
Juan Carlos "Juice" Ortiz (Theo Rossi) is the club's hacker and intelligence officer. He has proven to be somewhat simple-minded when it comes to other tasks, which often prompts hazing from the other members. He is in charge of club surveillance and manages some of the club's intelligence and communication.
Clay Morrow, the club president, considers him unreliable, and he is often given menial tasks, such as driving the transport truck. He sports a short mohawk and has tribal designs tattooed on each side of his head.
In Season 4, Juice is blackmailed by Sheriff Roosevelt, who threatens to tell the club that Juice's father was black. While guarding a cocaine shipment at a warehouse, Juice is contacted by Roosevelt, who encourages Juice to steal a sample of the cocaine, after which Roosevelt holds the blackmail over Juice's head. Juice steals a brick but is unable to escape with it, and is caught by Miles, who threatens to inform the club. After a brief fight, Miles shoots Juice in the leg, and after a brief scramble on the ground, Juice shoots Miles in the face, then frames Miles for the theft. Unable to withstand the blackmail, Juice attempts to hang himself with a chain on a tree branch, but the branch breaks, leaving him with a bad bruise on his neck which is noticed by Chibs, who later shows it to Jax at the clubhouse. The information that Juice's father is black is revealed to the club. The members are upset by Juice's overreaction to such an old club rule and seem to shrug it off. Roosevelt later gives Juice the only file that contains information that his father is black.
In Season 5, angered by the death of his wife, Roosevelt strikes a deal with Jax, who agrees to turn over Frankie Diamonds (a traitor to SAMCRO) to Roosevelt as the rat at their table. SAMCRO is unable to reach Frankie first, which results in his death. Jax brings the body to Roosevelt, who says, "This was not our deal" and refuses to reveal the rat. Jax responds with, "I know Bobby didn't do it. Tig, Chibs, Happy—those guys would rather cut their hearts out than rat. That only leaves one guy, a guy who tried to hang himself a few months back." Jax confronts Juice, threatening to bring the murder of Miles and the deal with the police to the club unless he helps Jax reveal leverage to get Clay (who is ousted from the club) murdered. Juice fails in his first attempt, prompting a beating by Jax, but later helps pin the murder of Damon Pope on Clay. At the end of Season 5, Juice is saddened for turning on Clay, who believed Juice to be his only brother, but relieved at the prospect of Jax not ousting him from the club.
Early in season 6, Chibs beats up Juice as his own personal punishment for previous events, which Juice accepts and the two make their peace. Soon after, suffocates a woman with a pillow at the command of Jax who fears she may rat out the club after her son uses a club-owned weapon in a school shooting. Jax lies to Nero about this and insists that she died of a drug overdose. Towards the end of the season, Juice starts to become unpredictable and takes an overdose while with a female escort. He survives but, while still under the influence, emotionally reveals to Nero that he killed the mother under Jax's orders. Nero confronts Jax in the season finale, who later tells Chibs and Bobby that Juice definitely cannot be trusted, before telling Juice himself that he knows he betrayed him. Juice finds Gemma at Jax's house just after she has murdered Tara, believing she had ratted out the club. To take the blame from Gemma, he kills Officer Roosevelt and allows Gemma to flee before disposing of the items used in Tara's death and fleeing himself.
Rane Quinn.
Rane Quinn (Rusty Coones) is the former president of the Nomad Charter. He appears in Season 5 to help track down one of his former Nomad soldiers, Frankie Diamonds. He appears in Season 6 as a patched-in member of SOA Indian Hills. Eventually, he patches into SAMCRO as one of the members Bobby recruited.
Ratboy.
George "Ratboy" Skogstrom (Niko Nicotera) was originally introduced as a prospect during Season 4. In the episode "Brick," Filthy Phil and Ratboy are asked to guard cocaine bricks for SAMCRO and the Mayans. When one of the bricks goes missing, Filthy Phil and Ratboy are immediately suspected. Since they are not patched-in members, their credibility is low, and Filthy Phil and Ratboy are forced to play Russian roulette and sit in a room with the loaded gun in order to prove their loyalty to the club. They are later exonerated after Juice frames Miles for the theft.
In Season 6 Ratboy is sent with Tig, acting as a father and son, to a nazi farm to do some digging on the guys that cut up Unser. Using Darby as a tool for finding the farm Tig and Ratboy head in and earn the nazi trust . After both Juice and Darby are caught waiting outside the farm and brought to it at gunpoint, Ratboy thinks fast and takes a hostage allowing everyone to escape before dumping the hostage off the truck.
While the club is heading through Edan Ratboy holds onto the clubs guns in a van. When the other members are pulled over by some Edan cops and a chase scene breaks Ratboy opens the van door and drives along next to Juice allowing him to dive from the stolen police bike he took into the van. 
In the episode Sweet and Vaded, Ratboy becomes a fully patched SAMCRO member.
Allesandro Montez.
Allesandro Montez (Jacob Vargas) is a former member of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club's Reno, NV chapter. He patches into SAMCRO during Season 6 as one of the members Bobby recruited.
Orlin West.
Orlin West (Douglas Bennett) is a former member of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club's Reno, NV chapter. He patches into SAMCRO during Season 6 as one of the members Bobby recruited.
Imprisoned SAMCRO members.
Lenny "The Pimp" Janowitz.
Lenny "The Pimp" Janowitz (Sonny Barger) is an imprisoned member of the club, convicted of murdering three ATF agents. He is a member of the First 9. His connections with the Russian mob help the club get in contact with Victor Putlova to discuss a deal to have the Russians hand over Jimmy O. to the Sons. He is currently the last member of the First 9 to still be alive.
Prospective SAMCRO members.
Prospects.
Prospects are men who are not yet fully inducted into the club and must prove their worth before they become full members. Prospects must be sponsored into the club by members, then unanimously voted by the current members of the club, then serve a one-year prospecting period, in order to attain fully patched membership status. Prospects are not allowed to vote on club decisions and generally do not sit at the table unless they are personally involved in a situation, as when Half-Sack sits at the table during discussion of how to deal with Cherry after she is arrested by the ATF. Prospects are also utilized by the club during wartime or as muscle back-up. Prospects generally are kept out of the loop regarding the club's dealings, but can be deemed trustworthy to help out the club when needed, such as guarding a shipment without knowing the contents.
At the beginning of the show, SAMCRO only has Half-Sack going through a prospect period. After Half-Sack's death, the club votes in three new prospects, including Phillip "Filthy Phil" Russell (Christopher Reed), Shepard (Leo Fitzpatrick), and Eric Miles (Frank Potter). In "Lochan Mor," a terrified Shepard quits his prospect position after he witnesses Hector Salazar attack Lumpy's gym. Later in the Season 3 finale, Filthy Phil and Miles follow behind the armored car carrying the imprisoned SAMCRO members and honk the horns on their bikes to let them know that Jimmy O. and Stahl are finally dead. In the episode "Out," Filthy Phil is still a prospect, but Miles has been patched into the club.
Two new prospects are introduced briefly, Chris "V-Lin" Von Lin (Walter Wong) and George "Ratboy" Skogstrom (Niko Nicotera). In the episode "Brick," Filthy Phil and Ratboy are asked to guard cocaine bricks for SAMCRO and the Mayans. When one of the bricks goes missing, Filthy Phil and Ratboy are immediately suspected. Since they are not patched-in members, their credibility is low, and Filthy Phil and Ratboy are forced to play Russian roulette and sit in a room with the loaded gun in order to prove their loyalty to the club. They are later exonerated after Juice frames Miles for the theft. V-Lin and Phil are both shot and killed by Galen O'Shay in Season 6, Episode 4. Ratboy was patched into SAMCRO later on in season 6.
Former SAMCRO members.
Clay Morrow.
Clarence "Clay" Morrow (Ron Perlman), Jax's stepfather, is the former president of SAMCRO and the youngest original member of the club. He has been married to Gemma since the death of her first husband, John Teller, in 1993. Clay has been struggling with his age and developing arthritis, frequently allowing Jax to handle some SAMCRO affairs. According to Gemma, Clay has spent time in prison (as did her first husband). Clay is eventually voted out of the club after revealing all that he has done to them. After Jax badly beats him, he is last seen with Happy removing his SAMCRO tattoos on his back and arm by smudging them over with ink. In Season 6, Clay is in prison after being framed for the murder of Damon Pope. He assists Otto in the murder of Lee Toric. After a daring escape planned by the Irish and executed by SAMCRO in season 6, Jax finally kills Clay, as voted by the club.
GoGo.
GoGo (Chris Browning), a Nomad who comes to Charming, appears in Season 5 and is voted into the club when the Nomad charter closes. He, Frankie, and Greg the Peg are working for Clay and are behind the breakins and attacks. GoGo is killed by Unser with a double-barrel shotgun when he and Greg the Peg go to kill Unser, unaware that Clay is there and has double-crossed them.
Greg the Peg.
Greg the Peg (Kurt Yaeger), a Nomad who is missing a leg, he comes to Charming and appears in Season 5, voted into the club when the Nomad charter closes. He, Frankie, and GoGo are working for Clay and are behind the breakins and attacks. Greg the Peg is killed when Clay shoots him in the head with his pistol, when he and GoGo go to kill Unser, unaware that Clay is there and has double-crossed them.
Frankie Diamonds.
Frankie Diamonds (Chuck Zito), a New York Nomad who comes to Charming, appears in Season 5 and is voted into the club when the Nomad charter closes. He, GoGo, and Greg the Peg work for Clay and are behind the attacks and breakins. Frankie kidnaps Nero (Jimmy Smits), and requests $200,000 from the club from the "cartel money." Nero hands over $130,000 in cash and a couple of "nice watches" as payment, in an effort to get Frankie to leave. Frankie shoots Opie's wife Lyla, and takes Chibs as a hostage. He eventually leaves Charming with Mafia protection. Through their connections to the Cacuzza crime family, the club manages to track him to a safehouse. Clay and Juice arrive first and get into a shootout with Frankie, which Clay ends by crashing the van into the gas tank outside, blowing up the house. Jax and the others arrive and hold Frankie at gunpoint. However, the Mafia don comes in and guns Frankie down for killing one of his men.
Kyle Hobart.
Kyle Hobart (Brian Van Holt) is excommunicated from the club after abandoning Opie during an arson job, leading to Opie's five-year incarceration. With Clay's blessing, he returns to Charming to see his teenage son, Charlie Hobart (William F. Nicol), and ends up trying to offer SAMCRO a business deal involving stolen goods to serve as repayment for his past mistake. Opie confronts Kyle and the two settle their beef, but Kyle has failed to perform the club mandate to remove his Sons of Anarchy back tattoo, so he is given a choice of removal methods ("fire or knife?"). Choosing fire, the tattoo is burned off Kyle's back with a cutting torch. He loses consciousness during the process, and it is unknown if Kyle is still alive after being left on the steps of St. Thomas Hospital, where his ex-wife, April Hobart (Liane Curtis) is waiting to aid him after being tipped off by Gemma that Kyle would likely need medical care.
Herman Kozik.
Herman Kozik (Kenny Johnson) was a member of the Tacoma chapter of the Sons of Anarchy, a former U.S. Marine and ex-junkie. He first appears in the Season 2 episode "The Culling," where he provides extra muscle when the Charming clubhouse is on lockdown. He appears again in the Season 3 premiere at Half-Sack's wake, where he tells Clay and Bobby that he wants to return to the Charming chapter. When Kozik shows up at SAMCRO with transfer papers, Tig vetos the vote due to lack of trust. Kozik decides to stick around to earn Tig's trust. He and Piney lure the Mayans' heroin shipment into SAMCRO's hands after flattening the van's tire. Later, he and Tig sneak into St. Thomas to silence the Calaveras member from the drive-by as part of SAMCRO's new deal with the Mayans.
Kozik has a contentious relationship with Tig and, in Episode 3.8, Tig states that the contention involves a female from both of their pasts. When Tara Knowles and Margaret Murphy are taken hostage, Kozik proves to be useful. When Salazar demands that the club kill Marcus Alvarez, Kozik is the one who convinces Alvarez to play along to help buy time so SAMCRO can find a way to get the women back. Following Tara's rescue, Tig once again votes against Kozik's transfer. The "woman" from both of their pasts was a female dog named Missy.
In Season 4, Kozik is patched into SAMCRO after Tig goes to Stockton Prison, a fact Tig happily accepts upon being released. He is killed in the episode "Call of Duty" when he steps on a land mine that explodes while he is fighting rival drug cartel Lobos Sonora. Following his death, Chibs mentions that Kozik was planning on transferring back to Tacoma.
Eric Miles.
Eric Miles (Frank Potter) is the newest patched-in member of the Redwood Original Charter of Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club. He is introduced in the episode "The Push" as a prospect. Miles assists the club with tasks such as cleaning the clubhouse, providing backup when they break into Salazar's house, and watching Gemma to make sure she doesn't leave the clubhouse when she is hiding from the law. In the episode "NS," Miles and fellow prospect Filthy Phil ride behind the prison van transporting some members of SAMCRO to jail. When news hits that Jimmy O. and Stahl have been killed, they honk their horns to let the members know that the plan was a success.
Miles later accompanies Filthy Phil to Gemma's house to give Gemma a letter from Jax which details the plans that the club uses to execute Jimmy O. and Stahl. When the SAMCRO members are release from prison 14 months later, Miles has been patched into the club. Miles is seen as the low man on the totem pole and is still bullied by the other club members, who make him do simple tasks such as driving the tow truck or Happy making him clean up after his pancake mess.
Miles is convinced by Opie to vote yes on transporting drugs for the Galindo Cartel. In the episode "With an X," Miles is one of the suspects after the brick of cocaine is stolen. Because he is a patched-in member, the club believes that he is not involved in the theft. In order to appease the Mayans, Happy pretends to bash Miles' hand with a hammer inside a closed room. When Juice tries to put the brick of cocaine back, Miles catches him with the brick in his pants. A fight ensues between the two men, with Miles shooting Juice once in the leg. Juice grabs Miles' gun and shoots him through the head, killing him. As a result, Miles is framed for the theft of the cocaine. The club strips Miles of his patch and buries him in a shallow, unmarked grave.
In Season 5, Juice confesses the truth about Miles to Clay. Later, Jax finds out the truth about Miles, then uses this information to get Juice to find Clay's legal documents. Jax tells Juice that if he can't find the documents, he will reveal his secret to the rest of the club.
John Teller.
John Thomas "J.T." Teller (May 5, 1940 – November 13, 1993) (voiced by Nicholas Guest) founded the Sons of Anarchy with Piney Winston and was the club's first president. He was Gemma's first husband and they had two children together, Jax and Tommy. Thomas "Tommy" Teller (January 8, 1984 – April 4, 1990), died from a congenital heart defect at only six years old.
In 1993 John was hit by a semi-truck and died two days later of his injuries. Before his death, he wrote a manuscript called "The Life and Death of Sam Crow: How the Sons of Anarchy Lost Their Way." The manuscript quotes many Beat poets and writers, espousing a 1960s ideology of fighting for freedom, but not for material goods. Jax finds a copy of this book and another copy is given to Piney, whom John calls his oldest, dearest and wisest friend. At the conclusion of Season 1, Piney gives his copy of the manuscript to Jax during the funeral of Opie's wife Donna while Jax is sitting on Tommy Teller's grave.
In Season 2, Gemma tells Jax that, after Tommy's death, John became lost. She suspects that John's death was not an accident, implying that it may have been a suicide.
In Season 3, it is revealed that John is the father of Belfast resident and Real IRA affiliate Maureen Ashby's daughter Trinity, a fact of which neither Gemma, nor Jax, nor even Trinity herself, were aware.
While in Ireland, John became good friends with Father Kellan Ashby. Following Jimmy O.'s attack on the Ashby residence, Father Ashby attempts to defend John's life choices to Gemma. However, Gemma angrily states to Ashby that, while John was in Ireland with his mistress, his son Tommy was dying of his heart defect back in Charming. Ashby tells Jax that one of John's wishes was for his sons not to get caught up in the outlaw lifestyle that is part of being a member of the SOA. Jax initially takes this to heart and leaves Abel to a normal family, but reconsiders when this causes them to be killed and Abel taken by Jimmy O'. He states he is done "listening to dead men." Maureen Ashby later looks at a letter from John Teller in which he states his frustrations with his life in Charming and his fear that his wife Gemma and his friend Clay Morrow were getting close. In the finale, Tara reads his letters to his mistress Maureen Ashby, who hid them in Jax's belongings, hoping he would gain insight into who his father really was. He makes it clear that he knows Gemma and Clay are together, that he does not belong in the club, and that he highly suspects he will be killed soon and the perpetrators will be Gemma and Clay.
In the Season 4 premiere, Jax tells Tara about his desire to get out of the club and she mentions that John had the same desire. Jax believes that his father was a coward because, if he really wanted to get out of SAMCRO, he would have just done it instead of write about it. In the episode "Brick," it was revealed through conversations with Clay, Gemma, and Unser that Tara's suspicions that John's death wasn't an accident were confirmed as true. Clay admits that he killed John Teller because John wanted to get out of the gun running business, and Gemma and Unser either directly or complicitly helped Clay with the deed. Clay is afraid of what the letters contained because, if Jax finds out that Clay killed John, he would cut off his head and put it on the "reaper pole." 
The letters state that Clay made two attempts to kill JT. The first was Clay sending him into a Mayan ambush. JT made it out but knew Clay would try again. He predicted in his letters it would be mechanical. He was shown to be right as Clay sabotaged his bike, causing the accident. Piney later learns about the letters and attempts to use them to blackmail Clay to get SAMCRO away from a deal with the Galindo Cartel. This causes Clay to learn how dangerous the letters are and kills Piney. He also puts out a hit on Tara. When Gemma discovers this, she and Clay fight ending with her being badly beaten. She then reveals the letters to Jax. This causes him to regret hating his father and vow to kill Clay. The last reference to JT is in the Season 4 finale, when Jax visits his gravestone and takes back the ring he left there, before apologizing to his departed father.
Opie Winston.
Harry "Opie" Winston (Ryan Hurst), the son of SAMCRO co-founder Piney, a member of SAMCRO, and best friend of Jax since childhood. Opie's mother took him away from Piney and Charming when he was 16, but he left her and returned to his father and the club.
In Season 1, Opie is paroled from a five-year stay in prison following his conviction for a botched arson job with ex-member Kyle Hobart. Struggling to support his family, he faces conflicting pressure from his wife Donna, who wants him to leave the club, and from SOA members, who want him to participate in their frequently illegal activities. Facing a deteriorating marriage, he participates in all of SOA's activities, to end the "half in-half out" mentality. In an attempt to take down SAMCRO, June Stahl sets him up as a snitch against the club, and Clay charges Tig with the task of assassinating him. Unable to shoot Opie face-to-face, Tig targets his truck, accidentally killing Donna instead.
In Season 2, Opie still suffers from depression following Donna's death, making him very emotionally distant from his children. He eventually starts a relationship with a porn star named Lyla, who is also a single parent. When a guilt-ridden Tig finally reveals that he accidentally killed Donna, Opie's anger comes full-circle but he manages to handle himself well, forgiving Tig and Clay for the good of the club and agreeing to join with Jax in removing the club from Clay's brutal tendencies. He persuades Clay to forgive both Chibs and Piney for transgressions against the club—Chibs for considering a deal with Agent Stahl and Piney for attempting to kill Clay in retribution for Donna.
In Season 3, Opie experiences relationship trouble with Lyla, uncomfortable with her porn-star lifestyle. When Lyla and her porn star friends are entertaining businessmen for a deal between SAMCRO and the Triads, Opie starts a fight with the man Lyla is pleasuring and loses the club a crucial payment.
In the Season 3 finale, Opie and Lyla announce they are getting married. After the ATF arrests some of the members of SAMCRO, Opie, Chibs, Piney and Kozik ambush Stahl and Jimmy after a setup. Chibs executes Jimmy by giving him a Glasgow smile and stabbing him in the chest while Opie sits Stahl in the front seat of car and he sits behind her. Opie forces her to place her hands on the wheel while she pleads with him, telling him he had sympathy before. He tells her "this is what she his wife felt" before he shoots her in the back of the head with a MAC-10.
In Season 4, Opie has worked with Chibs, Piney and Kozik in holding SAMCRO together with the other members in prison and establishing the updated supply line of Irish weaponry. He and Lyla marry in the season premiere. When trying to track Georgie Caruso for Luann's murder, he gets to Lyla's dressing room and discovers that she has been using birth control and morning-after pills, which infuriates him as she has been denying him a child. This ultimately leads Opie to ease his sorrows with Ima.
In "Call of Duty," Opie finds his father shot to death and is told by Unser that Clay killed him, setting Opie on a course for revenge. Opie shows up at the clubhouse and shoots Clay twice in the abdomen to avenge his father's death. Clay survives and, before he can kill Clay, Jax shoots him in the arm. Unser and Rat are instructed by Jax to cover the truth while he gets Opie out. Opie makes it clear that he will kill Clay but, nonetheless, he agrees with Jax's suggestion to hide at the cabin for the time being.
In the Season 5 premiere, it is revealed that Opie did not accept the vice president patch. Opie is later visited by Clay, who tells Opie to not let his hatred for him affect Opie's relationship with Jax. Opie goes to see Lyla, telling her that he is going out of town and needs her to watch the kids. Opie goes to the clubhouse at the same time Jax, Tig, and Chibs are being arrested on murder charges. Opie punches Roosevelt so he can accompany them to prison to help protect them. Pope forces Jax to have one of his members fight to the death in prison. Tig volunteers, only to be told that Pope wants him alive so he will suffer in prison for the rest of his life. Jax acts to volunteer but Opie valiantly intervenes, selflessly giving up his own life in order to ensure Jax's safety.
Otto Delaney.
"Big Otto" Delaney (Kurt Sutter), was born in Colma, California on September 29, 1963, and was a member of the Sons of Anarchy's Charming chapter. He was imprisoned in Stockton state prison on charges of second-degree murder and vehicle theft, but is still in contact with the club. He is a powerful man on the inside and is the leader of the "Big House Crew," a gang made up of imprisoned Sons of Anarchy members.
His "old lady" is Luann (now deceased) with whom he was deeply in love. Otto has Luann's name tattooed on his left arm.
In Season 2, Otto is ambushed by inmates affiliated with the Aryan Brotherhood, at Ethan Zobelle's command. After he is beaten up, Squirrel, the Aryan in charge of the attack, gouges Otto's good eye out with a broken mop handle (declaring "Beating was from the League! "This" is from "me"!"). The attack leaves Otto with only 10% vision.
Otto suffers further when Jax tells him that Luann was murdered, possibly by rival pornography producer Georgie Caruso. Squirrel, while in the prison's reading room, is attacked and beaten into submission by SAMCRO sympathizers. Otto stabs Squirrel in the neck with a screwdriver, killing him (whispering "Beating was from SAMCRO. "This" is from "me"!").
Otto is released from lock-down in the Season 3 finale and, at SAMCRO's request, asks Lenny "The Pimp" Janowitz, another imprisoned SOA member, for information on Jimmy O. and the Russians. Otto is being charged with murdering Squirrel, and he believes the case against him is too strong to successfully defend. Otto has no chance to plead down, especially in light of a correctional report that states that Otto "continues to show a pattern of aggressive behavior," as well as his public defender who "does not speak very good English." However, Otto is sure he will be sentenced to death and, by the time the SAMCRO members facing prison are arraigned and sent to jail, Otto will be on death row.
In Season 4, Otto is still alive, but in solitary confinement. On the day of SAMCRO's release, Otto receives a razor blade hidden in his breakfast egg and slices his wrist, which turns out to be a plan set up by SAMCRO as a guard slipped a scalpel to Otto, who proceeds to kill the Russian mobster who tried to kill Jax in prison.
Otto is met by U.S. attorney Lincoln Potter and shown proof that Luann was with Bobby prior to her death, suggesting that "the person having sex with the victim is most likely the perpetrator." While Otto believes the tests, he cannot believe Bobby killed Luann. He contacts Gemma so that the club can exact vengeance and kill Luann's murderer, prompting the club to look for Georgie Caruso.
The club ultimately decides to spare Georgie's life so they can use his billionaire contacts to end Charming Heights. Bobby visits Otto to tell him what happened, apologizing for being with Luann but claiming there was no love between them and Luann did, indeed, love Otto. When Otto asks if they killed Luann's murderer, Bobby lies to him and says yes.
Otto is again approached by Lincoln Potter, who hopes to turn him against SAMCRO, claiming Otto has suffered more for the club than any other imprisoned member. Otto's original six-year sentence has been extended to 30 years and he is currently on death row for killing Squirrel. Otto reaches out to Potter, offering to provide him with information about the club's criminal activities if Lenny "The Pimp" is allowed to receive visitations, if Otto's execution date is accelerated, and most notably, if Otto is permitted to tell Bobby that Otto did, indeed, sell the club out. While initially distrustful of Otto's intentions in seeking more freedom for Lenny, Potter eventually agrees, and arranges the meeting between Otto and Bobby. Otto makes it clear to Bobby how much he has lost on behalf of the club, and reveals he has given him up.
In Season 5, Otto is still alive as the feds need him for their RICO case. Tara manages to get to him through a job at Stockton. She tries to get him to retract his statement, telling him that the Club wasn't responsible for what happened to Luann, but he shuts her out. She comes back and gives him some perfume that Luann used to wear and he breaks down crying. Tara says that what happened to Luann is not the only reason he wants to die, but guilt over betraying the club. Tara and Otto meet again with Otto agreeing to retract his RICO statement in exchange for Tara bringing him a gold crucifix that Luann had. She gets it for him, but he instead gets free of his restraints, disables a man, and stabs a nurse to death with the crucifix stating "Sons live, Redwood bleeds" before being dragged away by guards. With this act, the feds must throw out his testimony, but officials will find out Tara gave him the "murder weapon" and charge her as an accessory to the murder, hurting Jax, hence Otto's words.
Otto is later visited by former U.S. Marshal Lee Toric, brother of the nurse Otto killed, who threatens Otto that he "will live the most excruciatingly painful months of his miserable sick life" before leaving. When Otto is called to give on his testimony, he gruesomely commits to the club by biting his tongue off, and throwing it at Lee.
At the beginning of Season 6, Otto has survived his self-mutilation (although he can no longer speak intelligibly). In retaliation, Toric makes sure Otto (now in solitary confinement) is anally raped every morning by one or more prisoners escorted by prison guards. In the episode "Wolfsangel," Toric brings Clay to Otto in the infirmary, in intense physical pain from the rapes, to convince him to turn. Clay hugs Otto, slipping him a shank in the process, and tells him "No more brother." When Toric returns and tries to get information from Otto, he writes an insult to Toric's sister and starts stabbing him. Surrounded by armed guards, Otto slits Toric's throat and is gunned down, ending his suffering.
Piney Winston.
Piermont "Piney" Winston (William Lucking) was a co-founder of SAMCRO and father of Opie Winston. He was a veteran of the Vietnam War and must carry an oxygen tank with him at all times due to emphysema. He was upset with the direction in which the club was going, especially after Donna's death. In the Season 1 finale, it is revealed that he was given a copy of John Teller's manuscript, which he passed on to Jax at Donna's funeral.
Piney threatens Clay that if he doesn't close the cartel deal and get out of the drug business, he will disclose JT's letters to the club, revealing Clay's true character (or lack thereof). Clay goes to the cabin where Piney is secluding himself, and demands the letters. Piney tells Clay they aren't there, and Clay suspects out loud that Tara has them. Piney asks Clay to not get Tara involved, and Clay replies "too late" before shooting him at point-blank range in the chest with his shotgun. Before leaving the cabin, Clay checks to be sure Piney is dead, and uses his finger to grab some of Piney's blood to mark the wall with "LS" an attempt to make Piney's death look like a hit by rival drug cartel Lobos Sonora, with which SAMCRO has been in conflict.
SOA Indian Hills members.
Jury.
"Uncle" Jury (Michael Shamus Wiles) is the head of the friendly Devil's Tribe Motorcycle Club in Indian Hills, Nevada. Jury and John Teller served together in the same platoon in Vietnam and remained close friends afterwards. (Jax said, "My dad saved his ass in Tây Ninh. He owes the Tellers a chit.") After the Devil's Tribe is patched over, Jury becomes head of the Sons of Anarchy Indian Hills Nevada chapter. Jury is still Indian Hills President as of 2013.
Needles.
Needles (Jay Thames) is vice president of the Devil's Tribe Motorcycle Club chapter. He follows Jury in patching over into a Sons of Anarchy chapter.
Hopper.
Hopper (Steve Howey) is an Indian Hills member. He is approached by Bobby Munson to join SAMCRO, but changes his mind after being scared off by the bombing of the SAMCRO clubhouse.
First 9 members.
"The First 9" refers to co-founders John Teller and Piermont "Piney" Winston, plus the first seven members of the Sons of Anarchy. Lenny "The Pimp" Janowitz is the only First 9 member still alive. John Teller died in a motorcycle accident in 1993 (as planned by Clay), former SAMBEL president Keith McGee was executed by Clay Morrow in Belfast, Northern Ireland, for betraying the club, and Piermont "Piney" Winston was killed by a shotgun wound to the chest, also by Clay, when Piney threatened to reveal John Teller's incriminating letters to the rest of the Sons of Anarchy. The other four First 9 members are Wally Grazer, Thomas "Uncle Tom" Whitney, Chico Villenueva,Otto "Li'l Killer" Moran. At this point, Clay has now killed three of the SOA's First 9 members, including both of the original co-founders.
SAMBEL members.
Keith McGee.
Keith McGee (Andy McPhee) was the president of the Sons of Anarchy Belfast chapter (SAMBEL) in Northern Ireland and a member of the First 9. The Belfast charter helps the True IRA directly with muscle and has been mentioned by Jimmy O. as being the right hand of the True IRA there. He was married to Maureen Ashby. After finding out that Abel is in Belfast, Clay neglects to contact McGee because he feels that McGee may be part of the conspiracy. In actuality, McGee is fully aware of Jimmy O.'s plans for SAMCRO and he and Liam O'Neill are directly involved. Liam does not trust McGee, because he feels that McGee's loyalty to the SOA and the First 9 is stronger than his loyalty to the IRA. McGee is nearly killed by the explosive-laden gun shipment that is meant to take out SAMCRO.
Following the botched bombing, McGee confronts O'Neill about his involvement in the bombing and tells him to go into hiding. Clay and SAMCRO are able to extract information from O'Neill's girlfriend Cherry and they find out O'Neill's whereabouts. McGee tags along, but hangs back so he can call and warn O'Neill that SAMCRO is coming. SAMCRO catches O'Neill at his warehouse hideout and Sean Casey tortures him for information about his ties to Jimmy O'Phelan. Liam breaks under the pain and confesses that he and McGee are working for Jimmy O., whose men attack the warehouse, but Jimmy is able to get away. SAMCRO corners McGee on the roof of the warehouse, where he tells Clay that he betrayed the club for money from Jimmy O. Clay takes McGee's kutte, hugs him and kisses him on the cheek, and then executes him for his betrayal by pushing him off the roof. The patches on McGee's kutte are removed and the kutte itself is left to burn in a barrel. Before leaving Belfast, Clay gives McGee's First 9 patch to McGee's widow Maureen.
Liam O'Neill.
Liam O'Neill (Arie Verveen) was a member of the Belfast charter of the Sons of Anarchy for 10 years and was in a relationship with Cherry. O'Neill, along with Keith McGee, is secretly working for Jimmy O'Phelan. Liam O'Neill first appears in the episode "Caregiver," along with McGee, to ask Maureen if she knows anything about the whereabouts of Jax's son.
In his second appearance, Jimmy O. has O'Neill tell Jax over the phone that Abel is not in Belfast. When SAMCRO arrives in Belfast, they still find O'Neill untrustworthy despite McGee's statements to the contrary. O'Neill does not trust McGee as far as being involved with the IRA. Because McGee is a member of the First 9, O'Neill feels that he may have been more loyal to the SOA than the IRA. When SAMCRO tags along with SAMBEL on a protection run for a gun shipment, O'Neill leads them into an ambush by the state police but, for some reason, the police let SAMCRO go. O'Neill's back-up plan is to secretly bomb a gun shipment that SAMCRO is protecting. While he is able to detonate the bomb without raising any suspicion, the plan ultimately fails as all SAMCRO members survive without any serious injuries, while five SAMBEL members, including Chibs' nephew Padraic Telford, are killed. Knowing he is the prime suspect in the bombing, O'Neill goes on the run. He is ultimately captured by SAMCRO, brutally tortured for information about Jimmy O'Phelan, and eventually shot to death by Jax for his betrayal to the club.
Seamus Ryan.
Seamus Ryan (Darin Heames) is the current president of SAMBEL. McGee was the original SAMBEL president and Ryan was the SAMBEL vice president during the betrayals and executions of McGee and Sergeant-at-Arms Liam O'Neill. After McGee and O'Neill are executed, Ryan is tapped as president.
Padraic Telford.
Padraic Telford (Lorcan O'Toole), Chibs' nephew, was accidentally killed in an explosion triggered by Liam O'Neill in an attempt to take out SAMCRO.
Minor SAMBEL members.
Following SAMCRO's arrival in Ireland, in an attempt to bring back Abel, several additional members of the Belfast chapter have appeared on the scene, including Luther Barkwill (Dominic Keating), Geezer (Jason McDonald), and Scrum (Darren Keefe).
SAMTAZ members.
Armando.
Armando (Lobo Sebastian), president of the Sons of Anarchy Tucson chapter (SAMTAZ) in Tucson, Arizona, was beheaded by a cartel. The rest of his body was discovered in the back of a truck by the Sons of Anarchy and the Mayans, and his body was sent back to his club in Tucson, along with his head.
Benny.
Benny (Rolando Molina), the Sergeant-at-Arms for the Tucson chapter, was kicked out with vice president Huff for blackmailing a fellow member, Reggie, and murdering another member in order to cover up an non-club-sanctioned meth cook shop.
Huff.
Huff (Brian Goodman), the vice president of the Tucson chapter, was kicked out for blackmailing a fellow member, 
Reggie, and murdering another member in order to cover up an non-club-sanctioned meth cook shop.
Reggie.
Reggie (John Bishop), a member of the Sons of Anarchy Tucson chapter (SAMTAZ) in Tucson, Arizona, was caught by former vice president Huff sleeping with another member's wife. Huff used this information to blackmail Reggie in order to cover up a non-club-sanctioned meth cook shop and the murder of another member, who happened to be Reggie's sponsor.
Minor SAMTAZ members.
Little Paul, a SAMTAZ member, was murdered by Huff and Benny. Another yet-to-be-named member has also appeared, played by Burton Perez.
SAMDINO members.
The Sons of Anarchy San Bernardino chapter (SAMDINO) is led by president Les Packer (Robert Patrick), while John Hensley portrays another yet-to-be-named SAMDINO member.
Tacoma chapter members.
The Tacoma chapter's president is Lee "Hamco" Staskunas, while other, still unseen, members include Bowie, Donut, and Lorca.
Additional chapters and members.
The yet-to-be-named president of the Oregon chapter (Joe Rose) has made one appearance, as have Reno chapter members Montez (Jacob Vargas) and West (Douglas Bennet), and a yet-to-be-named nomad member (Eric "Mancow" Muller). 
Additional members of various Sons of Anarchy chapters, played by uncredited extras and stunt actors, are seen as background characters throughout the series. Among them are various Nomads seen with Happy while attacking Darby's meth lab, and the members of various other chapters attending Donna's and Half-Sack's funerals.
SAMCRO women.
Wendy Case.
Wendy Case (Drea de Matteo) is Jax Teller's ex-wife and the biological mother of Abel Teller. Wendy intentionally became pregnant in hopes that it would keep Jax with her. She is a drug addict who used methamphetamine during her pregnancy, which nearly killed Abel, who was born 10 weeks premature with a hereditary heart malfunction and a hole in his stomach.
After learning the cause of her grandson's birth defects, Gemma hides a drug-filled syringe in Wendy's Bible and returns it to her with instructions to commit suicide via an overdose, threatening that if Wendy does not obey, Gemma will use her ex-daughter-in-law's drug addiction to ensure that she never has any contact with Abel. Wendy overdoses in her hospital bed but survives, refusing to say that Gemma supplied her with the drugs. Wendy goes into rehab and spends time in a sober living facility. She longs to reunite with Jax, believing that the stability of her family would assist in her recovery. Gemma, intent on destroying her son's relationship with Tara, promises to help Wendy reunite with Jax.
After a rift develops between Tara and Jax, and Donna Winston is murdered, Jax and Wendy sleep together. She returns in Season 4 and visits Tara in her hospital room. Wendy reminds Tara that she is Abel's mother and, while she may no longer have the right to raise him, she has the right to know him. She goes to Jax and Tara's house to see Abel. Finding Gemma in his room, Wendy informs her that she has not only been sober for two years, but has received her BA and is now a substance abuse counselor. Gemma agrees to let Wendy see Abel, but under her terms.
Jax confronts Wendy at her job and tells her that Abel does not know who she is, and he doesn't want her in Abel's life. Wendy responds that Jax is a convicted felon, and says that if she doesn't get to be part of Abel's life, she will sue for custody. She later meets with Tara, who tells her that she (Tara) might need to leave Charming for a job in Oregon, and wants Wendy to be in line to take care of Abel if something happens to her and Jax. Wendy is subsequently kidnapped by the GIRA (vengeful over the Galindo Cartel stealing their guns), in turn revealing Abel's kidnapping from Season 3 to her. She is retrieved by Jax, but says that she will go to the police and reveal her own kidnapping, as well as Abel's, to get him away from them. Jax goes to meet with her at her apartment, where he overpowers her and injects her with heroin to destroy her credibility.
It is later discovered that Wendy and Tara are working together in Tara's plan to leave Charming with her sons. Wendy is shown at different meetings with Tara, Margaret and Tara's lawyer, Lowen helping to file for divorce from Jax.
Cherry.
Cherry (Taryn Manning) is a girl from Indian Hills, Nevada, whose real name is Rita Zambell. After leaving her abusive husband and burning down their condo, she aligns herself with the Devil's Tribe (a friendly independent motorcycle club now patched over to the Sons of Anarchy) and calls herself "Cherry" (after her beloved dead dog), posing as a "hangaround." She takes an interest in Half-Sack when SAMCRO comes to visit, but sleeps with Clay, who wants to punish Half-Sack for voicing his sexual attraction to 
Gemma.
Cherry comes to Charming looking for Half-Sack and begins dating him after obtaining permission from Gemma and clearing up what happened between her and Clay at the Devil's Tribe patch over party. While investigating the club, Agent Stahl learns of Cherry's crimes in Nevada and tries to use the crimes as leverage to make her "rat out" SAMCRO. Jax breaks her out and helps her escape California after she makes love one last time to Half-Sack.
In Season 3, Cherry is staying with McGee and his wife, working in their store in Belfast. After McGee's wife tells Cherry to contact Gemma, Cherry is heartbroken to hear of Half-Sack's death. She was the old lady of Liam O'Neill, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Belfast chapter before his death.
Luann Delaney.
Luann Delaney (Dendrie Taylor) is Gemma's best friend and runs a pornography studio, having received financial backing from Big Otto, her husband.
In Season 2, an ATF raid causes Luann to lose her studio and performers to a rival pornographer, and Otto asks SAMCRO to help her. Jax helps get the performers back and sets up Luann in one of SAMCRO's warehouses, thus giving SAMCRO a stake in her business. Despite Luann's protests, Clay gives Bobby a job as a bookkeeper in her company. Bobby discovers that Luann is skimming money from the business but, in order to keep him quiet, she performs sexual favors for him.
Luann Delaney is found beaten to death at the end of the Season 2 episode "Pot Latch." She is suspected to have been killed by Georgie Caruso (Tom Arnold), the rival pornographer. In Season 4, the Assistant U.S. Attorney Lincoln Potter, posing as the sheriff, informs Big Otto of Bobby's semen on Luann's corpse. Big Otto, in his grief, to exact his vengeance, asks SAMCRO to find the killer. SAMCRO catches Caruso and he gives up, offering anything to save his own life. Clay decides that his business contacts (old Japanese money) are worth sparing his life. Bobby lies to Otto, telling him SAMCRO took care of Georgie.
Tara Knowles-Teller.
Dr. Tara Knowles-Teller (Maggie Siff) is Jax's main love interest. In Season 5, Jax and Tara become husband and wife. She is the mother of his son Thomas and step-mother to Abel. Tara was Jax's high-school sweetheart and, during this time, she got a special crow/heart tattoo on her lower back to signify that she was an "old lady" of a club member (Jax). Tara left town when Jax was 19, trying to get away from small-town life and the heavy-handed influence of the club. She moved back to Charming after becoming a doctor and now works as a pediatric resident at the local hospital, St. Thomas.
Tara initially lived in her childhood home, which was left to her by her father when he died. However, by the end of Season 3, she was exclusively living at Jax's house. Tara is a capable physician and often tends to Abel during the infant's hospitalization. Tara has also secretly helped out various club members and SAMCRO family by tending to their wounds after they have been injured. She also provided emergency medical care to Cameron Hayes after he was shot during an attempt on Clay's life.
When Tara left the club life and Charming, she hurt Jax and the family, causing Gemma to hold a deep resentment against her. After Gemma's rape in Season 2, their relationship improved after Tara's vow to keep the incident a secret from the rest of the club, as well as her continued moral and medical support. Tara becomes pregnant with Thomas in Season 2, although it was not revealed until Season 3. Early on in Season 3, Jax, emotionally scarred, sleeps with Ima and tries pushing Tara away in a misguided effort to protect her. At the end of Season 3, they reconcile after Tara is abducted and assaulted by SAMCRO enemy Hector Salazar.
Tara is the one who finds letters that John Teller wrote before his death, expressing his fears and pain of living in Charming. John was allegedly killed by Gemma and Clay. In Season 4, Tara tries hard to make sure she and her family can leave SAMCRO and Charming once and for all, as she begins to grow more distrustful of the club life due to the increasing violence of the cartel war.
Tara is chosen for a transfer job in a hospital at Oregon. Assassins hired by Clay to kill Tara kidnap her, slamming her hand in a vehicle door, causing nerve damage and sabotaging the job transfer. The hospital in Oregon say they are willing to accept her, yet Gemma thwarts her plans, attempting to pull Jax deeper into the club. Gemma threatens Tara with the police, claiming that she will tell them that Tara was aware of Otto's plan to kill a Stockton nurse using the crucifix as a murder weapon (which Tara brings to him).
After Clay is jailed, Tara plans to leave Charming, but wants to leave Wendy as Abel's guardian in case anything happens. Before she and Jax can talk this over, they are interrupted by a knock on the door. The visitor is Sheriff Roosevelt, who states that Tara is under arrest for conspiracy to commit murder using the crucifix. Season 5 ends with Tara's arrest and Jax spiraling into depression.
During the entire 6th Season, after being released from jail, she makes an attempt to get Abel and Thomas away from SAMCRO, even enlisting help from Wendy, Unser and her supervisor, Margaret Murphy. This attempt falls short in the finale, when Gemma, under the influence of drugs and alcohol (after being dumped by Nero), and under the impression that she had ratted the club on their breakout and murder of Clay (by Unser), kills her by drowning her in her own kitchen sink and stabbing her with a fork in the back of her head, effectively ending her life.
Fiona Larkin.
Fiona Larkin (Bellina Logan) is Chibs' estranged wife, introduced in Season 2. Fiona first appears at Chibs' bedside when he is hospitalized after nearly being killed by a car bomb. Fiona's presence instantly makes it clear to the Sons that Real IRA member, Jimmy O'Phelan, is in Charming and that Chibs' life is in danger. Years before, Jimmy O'Phelan ran Chibs out of the Real IRA back in Belfast and subsequently began a relationship with Fiona and raised Chibs' daughter Kerrianne. The reason for Chibs' expulsion from the Real IRA is yet to be revealed.
When SAMCRO arrives in Belfast, Chibs is finally able to reunite with his family. The Sons learn that Fiona and Kerrianne are now under constant protection by the Real IRA because of the threat Jimmy O'Phelan poses to their safety. In the Season 3 finale, Chibs finally murders Jimmy, leaving him free to get his family back, but it is not yet known whether or not Fiona will move to California to be with Chibs, due to her IRA ties.
Precious Ryan.
Precious Ryan (Eileen Grubba) is Bobby's ex-wife and mother of his son. She very much despises her former husband. Her current boyfriend, Sergio Coletti (Jeffrey Newman) is a bounty hunter who helps the club track down Cameron Hayes and Abel.
Gemma Teller-Morrow.
Gemma Teller-Morrow (Katey Sagal) is the queen of Charming under Clay's rule. A Machiavellian schemer and expert in psychological manipulation, Gemma is the wife of Clay Morrow and the widow of John Teller. Gemma is extremely protective of her son Jax and grandsons Abel and Thomas and longs for the day when Jax will, in her eyes, be ready to assume control of SAMCRO in order to ensure the organization's survival for another generation. She adores her husband, Clay, and does her best to make things work out his way.
Donna Winston.
Donna Lerner-Winston (Sprague Grayden) is Opie's wife and the mother of his two children. She doesn't trust SAMCRO after Opie serves extensive jail time for the club. Donna and Opie go through a difficult time in their marriage and come close to separating, but Donna has a change of heart after Opie is set up by ATF Agent June Stahl to appear to be an informant. Donna resolves her feelings and seems okay with Opie being a member of SAMCRO. However, the turnaround comes too late as Clay falls for Agent Stahl's deception. When Clay orders Tig to kill Opie in episode "The Sleep of Babies," Tig kills Donna by mistake. Opie finds out about Donna's murder near the end of Season 2 when Tig confesses to Opie out of guilt. In response, Opie beats Tig and later holds Stahl at gunpoint, but he shows mercy and allows her to live. Opie exacts his revenge in the Season 3 finale when he murders Stahl by shooting her in the back of the head as she sits in her car. The last words Stahl hears from Opie are, "This is what she felt."
Lyla Winston.
Lyla Dvorak-Winston (Winter Ave Zoli), a porn star employed by Luann Delaney, is introduced in Season 2. She and Opie begin to grow close from the time they meet. A single parent like Opie, she helps him with his children. Opie's involvement with Lyla is not entirely welcome by some, particularly Gemma and Tara, who initially are unable to look past Lyla's profession.
In Season 3, Henry Lin asks Clay to provide escorts for a business party in exchange for cash and weapons. Lyla (as a favor for Opie and SAMCRO) rallies together her porn star friends. However, much to Opie's chagrin, she decides to perform because she wants to help SAMCRO. At the party, Opie keeps his cool until he sees Lyla take a businessman to a back room, prompting him to start a fight.
After SAMCRO goes to Belfast, Lyla tells Tara that she is pregnant with Opie's child and that she is secretly going to abort it. She says that while she loves Opie, she is not ready for another child and would rather continue her porn star career while she can. In the Season 3 finale, Opie proposes to Lyla, who excitedly says yes. In the beginning of season 4, she is still a porn star, but is only involved in girl on girl. Later, Lyla and Opie get married and they share a dance at the reception.
While visiting Lyla's porn site for business with SAMCRO, Opie finds Lyla's birth control in her dressing room. Angered and seeking comfort, Opie turns to Lyla's co-star Ima for a one-night stand. The next morning, Lyla discovers Ima leaving the clubhouse. The two exchange words and Ima pulls a gun on Lyla, endangering everyone present, including Gemma, Piney, Tara, and Jax's and Tara's infant son Thomas. Ima leaves without pulling the trigger and Lyla becomes extremely upset. Later, Opie confesses to finding Lyla's birth control and Lyla confesses to having aborted his child a year earlier. Opie is upset and walks away, stating that he would stay at the clubhouse and she needs to decide what she wants to do. Later Opie contacts her to find Georgie, where they have a brief talk, agreeing that their relationship cannot work as long as Opie still thinks about Donna.
In Season 5, Opie approaches Lyla, asking if she will watch over his children while he joins SAMCRO in county jail, handing her over $20,000 to help her out. After Opie is killed in jail, Lyla is heartbroken and worried about how she will be able to take care of Opie's children. Jax lets Lyla know that she has help through the entire Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club. After Opie's funeral, Lyla adopts Ellie and Kenny. She now works for Diosa International, which is managed by Nero Padilla.
Mary Winston.
Mary Winston (Julie Ariola) is Piney Winston's ex-wife and the mother of Opie. She moved away from Charming and took Opie with her after divorcing Piney. However, she returns to temporarily look after her grandchildren when Opie is arrested. She consoles the distraught Piney after Donna's murder.
In Season 2, Mary assumes a larger role by being the caretaker for her grandchildren, since Opie becomes emotionally distant after Donna's murder. However, this proves too much for her, so she drops the kids off with Opie and, taking all of her belongings, leaves Charming once again. Mary is last seen in the SAMCRO clubhouse, where all of the club members' relatives are staying for their safety. Mary has not made an appearance since the episode "The Culling."
SAMCRO children.
Kerrianne Larkin-Telford.
Kerrianne Larkin-Telford (Q'orianka Kilcher) is the teenage daughter of Chibs Telford and Fiona Larkin, raised by Fiona and Jimmy O'Phelan. Having grown up in Belfast with Fiona and Jimmy, Kerrianne is not very close to Chibs, although Chibs loves his daughter very much, referring to Fiona and Kerrianne as "my girls." She does grow closer to Chibs while he is in Belfast. In the episode "Turas," she hugs Chibs, tells him that she loves him, and calls him "Dad." In the episode "Bainne," she celebrates Abel's safe return with the rest of the SAMCRO family.
Abel Teller.
Abel Teller is the son of Jax Teller and Wendy Case. Wendy purposely gets pregnant with Abel to try to hold onto Jax. However, she is unsuccessful, and Jax is largely absent during her pregnancy. When the baby trap fails to get Jax to stay with Wendy, she once again begins using drugs. Because she is pregnant during her drug use, Abel is born approximately 2 1/2 to 3 months prematurely, with cardiac and digestive system problems. Initially, it appears that Abel is not going to survive. However, Abel's life is saved during surgery and, after a long period in the neonatal intensive care unit at St. Thomas Hospital, he is removed from the incubation chamber and released from the hospital.
In Season 2, Abel's biological mother Wendy enters a sober living home and Abel is cared for by Gemma, Tara and Jax. Gemma hires a nanny, Nita, for extra help. In the Season 2 finale, a grief-stricken and enraged Cameron Hayes bursts into Jax and Tara's home and kidnaps Abel. Cameron flees to Ireland with the baby, putting him up for adoption. Married couple Katey and Mark Petrie adopt Abel. When Jax finally finds Abel, he watches him with his adoptive parents from a distance and has a mental conundrum about whether to retrieve his son or leave him to have a chance at living a normal life away from the violence and death of the club. 
Jimmy O. ultimately kills the Petries and kidnaps Abel to use as leverage to get out of Belfast. In a Real IRA-sanctioned swap, Jimmy later returns Abel to Jax in exchange for a new hostage, Father Kellan Ashby. Upon Jax's return to Charming, Gemma hosts a big breakfast to celebrate both his safe return and Tara's pregnancy.
At the beginning of Season 4, after the 14-month time jump between seasons, Abel is now a toddler. Since his father Jax was sent to prison, he has been cared for by his step-mother Tara, and grandmother Gemma. In Season 5, Gemma, Abel and Thomas are in an accident when Gemma, at the moment under the influence of marijuana, drives her car off the road. Gemma is last seen unconscious with Thomas crying, while Abel is severely injured from a tree branch. He survives after spending a few days at the hospital.
Thomas Teller.
Thomas Teller is the son of Jax Teller and Tara Knowles. The younger brother of Abel Teller, Thomas is named after Jax's deceased brother and Gemma's second son. By the end of Season 3, Tara is over eight weeks pregnant. At the beginning of Season 4, due to the 14-month time jump between seasons, baby Thomas is approximately six to seven months old. Since Jax was sent to prison, Thomas and his older brother have been raised by Tara, with added help from Gemma.
Dawn and Fawn Trager.
Dawn Trager (Rachel Miner) and Fawn Trager (Lexi Sakowitz) are the daughters of Alex "Tig" Trager and his ex-wife Colleen. Dawn appears in the episode "With An X." She comes to Charming trying to con Tig into giving her $12,000, claiming her sister Fawn Trager is suffering from bulimia and needs rehab. When Gemma and Bobby find out that Fawn is alright, they warn Tig that Dawn is lying to him, but he gives his daughter the money anyway. After killing Veronica Pope, daughter of ruthless criminal genius Damon Pope, Tig is captured and tied. Pope forces Tig to watch as he burns Dawn alive in front of Tig.
Ellie & Kenny Winston.
Ellie and Kenny Winston (Lela Jane Cortines and John Abendroth) are the daughter and son of Opie and Donna Winston. Following Donna's death, Opie has trouble coping with being a single parent, relying heavily on his mother Mary. When Lyla becomes part of Opie's life, the Winston family situation becomes much less strained. As of Season 5, Ellie and Kenny are now Lyla's children when she adopts them after of Opie's death.
Law enforcement.
Agent Estevez.
Agent Estevez (Marcos de la Cruz) is an agent of the Department of Justice, working under Agent Stahl to bring SAMCRO down.
David Hale.
David Hale (Taylor Sheridan) is the deputy chief of the Charming Police Department. Chief Unser nicknames him "Captain America" for his black and white views and squeaky clean image (prior to his involvement with L.O.A.N. and sexual encounter with an ATF agent), adherence to the law and, possibly, because of his square-jawed all-American looks. He is a native of Charming, California, who knew of SAMCRO while he was growing up and who delivered newspapers to the Teller household. His father is a county judge and a very powerful and wealthy man. David has an older brother, Jacob, Jr.. He is next in line for the job of chief once Wayne Unser retires. Unlike Unser, Hale wishes to purge the town of SAMCRO upon becoming police chief. Hale is killed in the Season 3 premiere when he is hit by a van that has just opened fire on the crowd in front of Half Sack's funeral.
Agent Josh Kohn.
Agent Joshua "Josh" Kohn (Jay Karnes) is a Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives agent pretending to investigate SAMCRO. He and Dr. Tara Knowles dated in Chicago until he became threatening and she obtained a restraining order against him. Due to his persistent stalking of Tara and subtle threats against Abel, Jax hunts him down at Floyd's barber shop and beats him up. Kohn is arrested and sent back to Chicago to face charges. However, he returns, holds Tara captive and tries to rape her. Tara is able to get his gun and shoot him in the stomach, then calls Jax for help. Shortly after Jax arrives at her house, Kohn shouts insults at Tara. Jax takes the gun from Tara and shoots Kohn in the head. Jax later takes Kohn's body to the desert and burns it. The "Santa Rosa Press Democrat" called the character "terrifically creepy."
Agent Grad Nicholas.
Agent Grad Nicholas (David Rees Snell) is an FBI agent assigned to investigate the SAMCRO's arms trafficking business. He works closely with Assistant U.S. Attorney Lincoln Potter, often by his side during various points in the investigation. The character's name is a reference to FX network executive Nicholas Grad.
DA Tyne Patterson.
District Attorney Tyne Patterson (C. C. H. Pounder) is the San Joaquin County District Attorney from Stockton assigned to aggressively address the violence plaguing Charming, specifically from a school shooting resulting in the deaths of four children using a gun acquired from the Sons of Anarchy motorcycle club. To do so, she works with former U.S. Marshal Lee Toric to investigate the Sons. 
She makes him a Special Investigator and he suggests flipping former SOA president Clay Morrow. When this fails and ends with Toric being killed by Otto Delanney, Patterson attempts to get information from Nero Padellia, the leader of the Byz Latz, a Mexican gang the mother of the child who committed the shooting, was connected too. When Nero is charged with murdering one of his escorts, Patterson offers him a deal to testify that SAMCRO sold them the gun that was used in the shooting. He refuses and Sheriff Roosevelt proved that Nero was framed by Toric for the murder. 
With this lead ended, Patterson is approached by SAMCRO President Jax Teller, who offers her Galen O' Shay and his crew, the Members of the IRA who sold the guns, in exchange for immunity for his club and wife Tara, who had been charged in the murder of a nurse. When Galen and his men are found dead, Patterson throws out the deal. She later makes a new one with Jax, giving up himself in exchange for immunity for Tara. She agrees and arrives later to take him into custody. She arrives at the end of the season finale, finding Roosevelt and Tara dead at Jax's home and no doubt believes he killed them.
Lincoln Potter.
Lincoln "Linc" Potter (Ray McKinnon) is an assistant U.S. attorney operating out of Charming, currently the head of a joint agency task force targeting the Sons of Anarchy's arms trafficking business under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. As part of his investigation, he planted an undercover FBI agent in Victor Putlova's Russian mob, who was executed along with several Russian gangsters by SAMCRO (unaware of his FBI connection) in retaliation for the attempted murder of Jax. He serves as the main antagonist during Season 4.
As the "successor" of previous law enforcement antagonist June Stahl, he resorts to any means to achieve his goals, no matter how dirty. He is extremely manipulative, cornering Juice at the expense of threatening to reveal Juice's African American origins to the club. He takes a great, sadistic pleasure in Juice's predicament of being trapped between betraying the club or being sent back to prison, such as when he reveals his plan to use Juice to pull a sample of cocaine from the load. Roosevelt tells him that, if Juice gets caught, the club will kill him. Potter, with a cold and heartless look in his eyes replies "That's the point."
He tries to convince Otto to betray the club using Luann and the fact that Bobby slept with her before her death. He provokes him with gruesome photos, along with statistics indicating that Bobby is the potential murderer. He reveals that Bobby lied to him by showing photos that Caruso, who was presumed to be the culprit, is alive and has an alibi.
When he's about to run his RICO operation, he is called off by Romeo and Luis, who are revealed to be CIA agents, supported by the government to destroy the other cartels. They need SAMCRO and the Real IRA for their own survival and the gun deal is allowed to proceed. This infuriates Potter, who later gives Roosevelt a cleaned record of Juice to exonerate him, indicating that he may perhaps feel a little remorse for his earlier actions towards Juice.
During the Season 4 finale, Lincoln angrily barges into the meeting to vote on Charming Heights, with a toddler-sized blow-up doll and sex toys in tow, which he uses to reveal the true colors of the mysterious Asian investment that is sponsoring Jacob Hale's project, prompting a recess on the vote. He claims he did this because he "dislikes" Jacob Hale, and because the "good guys need a win" following his failure on his RICO operation.
Lieutenant Eli Roosevelt.
Lieutenant Eli Roosevelt (Rockmond Dunbar) is a member of the San Joaquin County Sheriff's Department and the head of Charming's law enforcement following the dissolution of the Charming Police Department. Prior to his assignment in Charming, he spent 15 years in Oakland working as part of an anti-gang task force. He is a strict, no-nonsense officer, confronting the Sons of Anarchy upon their release from prison and stating that any cuts worn in public by members on parole would be confiscated. He is recruited into Assistant U.S. Attorney Lincoln Potter's task force to help bring down the gun-running operation. An un-corruptible officer with a strong sense of moral justice, he grows exponentially disgusted with Potter's sadistic and manipulative methods to corner the Sons of Anarchy, mostly Juice, for whom he slowly grows to care.
In the Season 4 finale, Roosevelt hands Juice the intel folder on his black father, stating that he wants to give Juice "the satisfaction of ripping it up." Juice asks him why, to which Roosevelt replies, "Because, you're a criminal. You do bad shit. I'm a cop. I stop you. I just want to get back to that." In the Season 5 premiere, Roosevelt confronts SAMCRO over the string of home break-ins in Charming, threatening to call Gang Task Force and destroy the Club. When his wife, Rita Roosevelt (Merle Dandridge) is shot during a break-in of their home, he is in a state of panic. When she dies, he becomes greatly depressed. He confronts Jax over the shooting, saying he will crush the club, but Jax convinces him that the break-ins were not the work of SAMCRO.
Lieutenant Eli Roosevelt was killed during the Season 6 finale after he found Tara Knowles-Teller murdered by Gemma Teller in the kitchen of Jax's house. Before he could call for backup, he was shot in the back by Juice and left to die in order to protect Gemma.
Agent Smith.
Agent Smith (Derwin Jordan) is Agent Stahl's ATF partner during the first season.
Agent June Stahl.
Agent June Stahl (Ally Walker) is an ATF agent investigating the club's involvement in arms trafficking after Deputy Chief Hale calls in the ATF in retaliation when Chief Unser does not retire as previously expected. Stahl has an affair with Deputy Chief David Hale during her investigation of SAMCRO, but calls off the investigation and is shunned by Hale when she inadvertently causes the murder of Donna Winston.
Stahl makes a deal with Jax in Season 3 to drop his mother's murder charges and reduce the club's prison time for weapons charges. She betrays Jax and reveals to the club that he is an informant. Although Clay and the others swear to kill Jax, the club is in on the plan the whole time. Chief Wayne Unser helps the Sons get Stahl and Jimmy O. away from the rest of the ATF, so they can exact revenge. Chibs gives Jimmy a Glasgow smile before stabbing him to death. Opie puts Stahl in her vehicle and shoots her in the back of the head, reenacting the way in which his wife Donna was killed. He rips up Jax's informant documents and Chibs paints a Real IRA sign in Jimmy's blood on the window of Stahl's vehicle, making it appear as if the Real IRA were responsible for the ambush and killing Stahl.
Stahl is bisexual, seducing Hale and having an ongoing affair with another female ATF agent.
Vic Trammel.
Victor "Vic" Trammel (Glenn Plummer) is the local sheriff, and an ally of the SAMCRO. A close friend of his is murdered by survivalists using guns provided by the Sons, prompting Vic to seriously question his ties to the club. He is shot and seriously wounded during a drug possession arrest in Season 2.
Agent Amy Tyler.
Amy Tyler (Pamela J. Gray) is an ATF agent who is both June Stahl's professional and personal partner during the third season. She is unaware of Stahl's involvement in Gemma's murder charges, and is very shocked when Gemma claims Tyler to have been the ATF agent who was present in Edmond Hayes' home during the murders. After the rescue of Tara Knowles, Tyler is killed by Agent Stahl and framed for the murder of Edmond Hayes.
Wayne Unser.
Wayne Unser (Dayton Callie) is the chief of the Charming Police Department. He also owns Unser Shipping trucking company, and is not above using the SOA for protection and other questionable activities related to his business. He is an ally of Clay Morrow, a longtime resident of Charming, and cares for the town deeply. He seems to think that the SOA is good for Charming, or at least a necessary evil. He suffers from cancer, which is forcing him into retirement, something Clay Morrow does not want to see. In the episode "Hell Followed," it is revealed that Unser is married to a Native American woman when he confronts Darby at the jail house. He has two daughters and is a Vietnam veteran who served (according to his wall decorations) in the 1st Armored Division. He uses marijuana for relief of the pain from cancer. He has known Gemma from the time she was 12 years old, as she has had a long history of clashing with the law. He loves Gemma in a romantic fashion. (Callie was promoted to the main cast in the third season.)
Lee Toric.
Lee Toric (Donal Logue) is a former U.S. Marshal forced into retirement for a variety of reasons, including excessive use of force and racial profiling. He is one of the main antagonists during Season 6. His only family is his sister Pamela Toric, who works as a nurse at Stockton prison's infirmary. When she is killed by former SAMCRO member Otto Delaney to end the RICO case facing the club, Toric vows revenge. He first visits Otto, promising he would live the "most excruciatingly painful months of his sick life." He then visits Tara, asking about how his sister died, before revealing his suspicions that Tara gave Otto a smuggled crucifix to use to kill an innocent and end RICO. She admits to getting him the cross, but claims she had no idea what he would do with it. In the Season 5 finale, he watches Otto give his statement about his sister's death. To avoid talking, Otto bites his tongue off and throws it at Toric, who merely remarks, "Way to commit Otto."
Toric reappears at in the Season 6 premiere. He has arranged for Otto to be anally raped every morning by other prisoners. He visits Tara in prison and reveals he is behind her being charged with conspiracy to commit murder. He offers a deal for her to give him information on the Club, but she refuses. He visits Clay, who is in prison after being framed for the murder of Damon Pope. He has Clay put into protective custody to protect him from Pope's gang inside, and offers Clay help to beat the murder charge in exchange for information. Clay agrees, if he gets a meeting with Gemma and Jax.
Toric meets with the district attorney after a school shooting, revealing the KG-9 used to commit the shooting likely originated from SAMCRO. She makes him a special investigator and gives him authority to investigate SAMCRO. He goes to find the child's mother, knowing she works for Nero Padilla. He tortures two of Nero's men for information, breaking their teeth with a beer bottle. He watches Clay meet with Gemma and Jax. When Clay tells Jax he will give Toric nothing, he states he hopes Clay was blowing smoke. When Clay repeats this, Toric allows him to be moved to Stockton general population.
He later murders a prostitute who works for Nero, dumping her body and planting hair and a scrap of bloody cloth in Nero's truck. He sees Clay again, and shows him Otto, in intense physical pain from the rape, stating that this is what will happen to him if he doesn't cooperate. Clay refuses, forcing Toric to ask Otto, promising to make his last days very comfortable. Otto writes something down, but it is merely an insult to Toric's sister. Toric begins choking him, only for Otto to brandish a shank, given to him by Clay, and stabs Toric several times before putting it to his throat. Toric states, "Wow, I didn't even see that coming" before Otto slits his throat, before being killed by the guards.
Charles Barosky.
Charles Barosky (Peter Weller) is a corrupt police officer who controls rackets in Stockton. He makes numerous deals with people to provide police protection for money. His main location is a bakery in Stockton. He meets SAMCRO when they attack a torture porn studio. He agrees it needs to go and evicts them. He helps establish a relationship between SAMCRO and Colette Jane, who runs an escort service out of Stockton. 
Minor Charming Police Department officers.
Additional members of the Charming Police Department occasionally appear. Most notable is Officer Candy Eglee (Marya Delver), who has been a member of the Charming PD since Season 1. She is sympathetic towards SAMCRO and her boss Chief Wayne Unser. She reappears in 2013 as a San Joaquin Deputy Sheriff in season 6. Other recurring officers are Officer Craft (Adrian La Tourelle), who appears during the first two seasons, and Officer Fain (Pablo Espinosa), who appears throughout Season 1.
Minor San Joaquin Sheriff deputies.
Beginning in Season 4, Charming is put under the jurisdiction of the San Joaquin Sheriff's office and Lt. Eli Roosevelt. Several deputies appear alongside Roosevelt, including Deputy Sheriff Cane (LaMonica Garrett), the deputy most frequently seen, as well as Deputy Martinez (Ramon De Ocampo) in Season 4, and Deputy Carreira (Josh Nasar) in Season 6.
Real IRA members and associates.
Father Kellan Ashby.
Father Kellan Ashby (James Cosmo) is the consigliere of the Real IRA in Belfast. He has a tendency to play God on some occasions, despite the fact that he is as much a criminal as anyone else. Piney Winston states that, while Ashby can't make any direct decisions for the True IRA, his input is highly valued. When his cousin Cameron Hayes returns to Belfast, Ashby is immediately wary because of the trouble Cameron brewed up in the United States with SAMCRO.
After conversing with the True IRA leaders, he approves of the killing of Cameron in his own church. He takes Abel from his sister Maureen Ashby and places him in a foster care facility. Ashby has voiced disagreement with Jimmy O.'s methods, and appears to be manipulating SAMCRO against Jimmy. When Ashby meets Jax, he promises to return Abel to him if Jax assassinates Jimmy O. When Jax gives Ashby the evidence that proves Jimmy O. was behind the explosion that killed members of the SOA and the IRA, Ashby doesn't give Jax Abel's whereabouts, only saying that Jax's father, John Teller, didn't want Jax to become part of SAMCRO, so he decides to "save" Abel by putting him up for adoption. Jax becomes angry and tries to attack Ashby, only for Ashby to throw Jax across the table. Jax gets the upper hand and threatens to kill Sean Casey, which makes Kellan reveal Abel's location. After Jimmy O'Phelan kidnaps Abel, Kellan speaks with the IRA council and ultimately sacrifices himself as a hostage in exchange for Jimmy returning Abel to Jax Teller. Jax tells Kellan during the exchange that Jimmy would likely kill him before ever reaches his destination. Ashby is confirmed dead in Season 5.
Maureen Ashby.
Maureen Ashby (Paula Malcomson) is the widow of Keith McGee. She has ties to the SOA through her late husband and ties to the True IRA through her older brother, Father Kellan Ashby. Maureen initially takes care of Abel before he is taken away by her brother. She has a bad conscience about the whole ordeal and eventually is able to contact Gemma and tell her the whereabouts of her grandson.
She had an affair with John Teller in the late 1980s, and the union produced a daughter named Trinity. She runs a convenience store in Belfast, where she employs Cherry. When Gemma arrives in Belfast with the rest of SAMCRO, she is a little surprised to see her. Maureen tells Gemma that they should continue keeping the secret about Trinity being John's daughter, unaware that Jax and Trinity may be attracted to each other. When Jax and Trinity nearly have sex, Maureen, distraught over Keith McGee's death, is finally forced to tell Trinity the truth about her father. When SAMCRO saves Abel and prepares to leave Belfast to return to Charming, Maureen secretly puts some of John Teller's letters into Jax's rucksack.
Trinity Ashby.
Trinity Ashby (Zoe Boyle) is Maureen Ashby's adult daughter and McGee's stepdaughter. Her mother Maureen was 18 when she gave birth to Trinity, who is unaware that John Teller, the founder of the Sons of Anarchy, was her real father. Maureen had told Trinity that her father was a soldier who died in Lebanon. Trinity takes an instant liking to Jax when he arrives in Belfast, both of them unaware that they are half-siblings. After McGee's death, Jax tries to comfort Trinity, and the two nearly have sex in the Ashby convenience store, but are interrupted by Gemma and Maureen. Trinity is heartbroken when her mother finally reveals to her that her father was actually John Teller, rather than a heroic soldier who was killed in battle. Trinity becomes distraught, but Jax is able to cheer her up and she motivates him to get her nephew Abel back.
Brogan, Dooley & Roarke.
Declan Brogan (Bart McCarthy), Peter Dooley (Paul Collins) and Brendan Roarke (Bob McCracken) are the council of the Real IRA in Belfast. First seen thanking SAMCRO for proving Jimmy O. to have gone rogue, they later propose developing the relationship between the Sons and True IRA even further. According to Clay, they are the "Irish Kings, the Godfathers of the True IRA," meaning they run the entire Real IRA, including the gun running. In the Season 3 finale, Stahl pressures Jax for information on the identities of the council to complete SAMCRO's deal for short prison time, and Jax gives in. However, SAMCRO betrays Stahl after the deal goes through, and kills her and Jimmy O., and destroy the information Jax gave them, ensuring the Real IRA's safety. For killing Jimmy O., the Real IRA gives SAMCRO a new caliber of weapons, including AR-15s, RPGs, FN-57s, SIG 551s, and MP5s.
Sean & Michael Casey.
Brothers Sean and Michael Casey (Dan Hildebrand and Glenn Keogh) are members of the Real IRA in Belfast, and very close to Father Ashby. Maureen Ashby describes them as "being like sons to him." Following Father Ashby's order, they kill Cameron Hayes and dispose of his body. Michael is executed by Jimmy O., who attacks Maureen Ashby's home when the SOA are on a protection run in the episode "Turas." Sean is adept in the art of torture, using various tools to extract information from Liam O'Neill. After Father Ashby reneges on his deal and tells Jax that Abel has been adopted, Jax stabs and threatens to kill Sean to make Kellan tell him where Abel is. Sean is kidnapped and tortured by Jimmy O'Phelan for information about Abel Teller and then executed.
Donny.
Donny (Joel Tobeck) is Jimmy's closest man in Belfast. He is a man of reason that tries to keep Jimmy's wild tendencies under control. He successfully tortures Sean Casey for information about Abel Teller. When Jimmy goes rogue and the SAMCRO makes a deal with the True IRA to kill him, Donny remains Jimmy's only confidant. He is eventually killed by the Russians in the Season 3 finale.
Cameron Hayes.
Cameron Hayes (Jamie McShane) is McKeavey's cousin and a member of the Real IRA. He becomes SAMCRO's new contact and gun runner after McKeavey's death. Cameron gives back the $200,000 SAMCRO paid for a gun shipment in addition to a month of free guns for killing Oakland Port Authority Commissioner Brenan Hefner. Hayes is wanted on four continents. After being shot during an attempt on Clay's life, Tara patches Cameron back up and Happy smuggles him, along with Cherry, into Canada.
Hayes returns in Season 2 as SAMCRO's new firearm supplier. He and his partner/son Edmond Hayes make a deal to exclusively sell rifles to SAMCRO, but later break the deal by cutting their supply to SAMCRO and secretly selling to L.O.A.N., all without the authorization of Real IRA leader Jimmy O'Phelan. After Edmond is captured by the ATF, Cameron evades the authorities while still dealing guns to the Aryans from a speedboat docked in Charming.
After SAMCRO discovers Hayes' betrayal and the ATF's active investigation of the Real IRA by ATF Agent Stahl, they inform Jimmy O., who promises to rectify the situation. SAMCRO uses the information to their advantage by framing Cameron and his son as the sources of leaks to the ATF about O'Phelan's operations when the source was really SAMCRO's own member Chibs, who was coerced by Stahl.
In the second season finale, Edmond, working against his will for the ATF, is ordered by Cameron to kill Stahl to re-prove their loyalty to the True IRA. The plan backfires when Stahl anticipates this and loads Edmond's gun with blanks. When Edmond hits her and attempts to flee her custody, Stahl shoots and kills him. While eavesdropping on the ATF's radio traffic, Cameron finds out about his son's death, but he hears Stahl falsely report Gemma Teller as the shooter, prompting Cameron to fly into a grievous rage against SAMCRO. He tails Half-Sack back to Jax's house, where he confronts Tara and Half-Sack at gunpoint before threatening to kill Jax's infant son, Abel, with a kitchen knife. When Half-Sack tries to stop him, Cameron stabs him to death. Cameron ties up Tara and kidnapped Abel. The finale ends with Cameron taking Abel aboard his speedboat and fleeing Charming, while Jax and Clay helplessly watched from the docks.
In the Season 3 premiere, SAMCRO finds out that Cameron has had a forger make him a fake passport and ID, and that he has sold his boat to a street gang. He is with Abel in Belfast, Northern Ireland, visiting a woman who does not seem happy to see him. In the Episode 2 of Season 3, he is strangled to death by members of the Real IRA in Belfast, in an attempt to spare him a painful death, and to salvage their relationship with SAMCRO.
Edmond Hayes.
Edmond Hayes (Callard Harris) is Cameron Hayes' son and business partner. Throughout Season 2, he has as much clout in the business as his father, often making deals and judgment calls on his own. When Cameron starts dealing with L.O.A.N., Edmond begins a sexual relationship with Polly Zobelle. Their relationship deepens into love as time goes on. In the episode "Balm," Edmond is arrested by the ATF based on information supplied by Chibs. In the Season 2 finale, Edmond makes contact with his father, who tells him he must kill Agent Stahl to prove his loyalty to the True IRA. Edmond retrieves a hidden gun in his home, but cannot bring himself to kill Stahl. Stahl reveals that the gun is loaded with blanks and the ATF has known about Cameron's plan all along. Feeling like a fool, Edmond punches Stahl and attempts to escape, but Stahl is able to fire several shots from her own sidearm and kills Edmond. Stahl then frames Gemma for Edmond and Polly Zobelle's murders.
Michael McKeavey.
Michael McKeavey (Kevin Chapman) is a powerful member of the True IRA
who serves as SAMCRO's contact and helps sell illegal weapons through the Sons of Anarchy. His date of birth was April 1, 1966. McKeavey is an old friend to SAMCRO members, including Clay and Piney. McKeavey goes on an extended trip up and down the coast, while SAMCRO struggles to put together the $200,000 to pay for the latest weapons shipment. When McKeavey returns, he is ambushed by Oakland Port Commissioner Brenan Hefner and his port thugs. Hefner tries to get him to triple his payoff to let McKeavey's weapon shipment through. The deal goes bad, with McKeavey getting angry and scaring Hefner into having his thugs beat up and break McKeavey's neck, leaving him for dead. Hefner is later killed in revenge by SAMCRO.
Luke Moran.
Luke Moran (Kevin P. Kearns) is Jimmy O.'s second in command in the U.S., and he is glad to follow his boss' every order. When Jax finds out that Jimmy has been lying to him about Abel's whereabouts, he kidnaps Luke and delivers him to Agent June Stahl as part of his deal with her.
James "Jimmy O." O'Phelan.
James O'Phelan (Titus Welliver), better known as "Jimmy O.," is the leader of the Real IRA group who sells guns to SAMCRO. Jimmy O. makes his first appearance in Season 2 to personally rectify the Hayes' betrayal of SAMCRO, since the Real IRA has long been dependent on the Sons Of Anarchy's Belfast chapter. He serves as the main antagonist of Season 3.
O'Phelan shares a long history with Chibs, as it was he who kicked Chibs out of the Real IRA and banished him from Ireland. He married Chibs' wife Fiona and adopted his daughter Kerrianne. Jimmy is responsible for the scars on Chibs' face. When Jimmy O. arrives in Charming to repair the Real IRA's relationship with SAMCRO, he personally meets with Chibs and demands that he set up a meeting with Clay. Chibs initially refuses because of his personal feelings for Jimmy, even though the meeting is in the club's best interest. Jimmy O. threatens Fiona's life and insinuates that he has taken a sexual interest in Chibs' daughter. It is unlikely that he would carry out the threat, as his relationship with Fiona seems good—on the surface, at least. Chibs, however, is blinded by anger and this is used by Agent Stahl to talk Chibs into ratting out the True IRA. Chibs gives up the information about the safehouse. Jimmy later avoids capture by the ATF and gives SAMCRO the guns meant for L.O.A.N. for free to make up for Cameron and Edmond's betrayal.
In Season 3, Jimmy finds out the truth about Abel's whereabouts, but he feeds Jax misinformation to try to keep up the dealings between the True IRA and SAMCRO. He is currently in Belfast, where he is concocting a plan to throw SAMCRO off of Abel's trail. In the episode "Lochan Mor," Father Kellan Ashby meets with Jax and tells him that Jimmy has gone rogue from the Real IRA and is trying to destroy the relationship between the True IRA and the SOA. Ashby promises to give Abel back to Jax, if Jax assassinates Jimmy.
Jimmy tries to have Liam O'Neill, Sergeant at Arms of SAMBEL, kill SAMCRO by blowing up a gun shipment that the SOA are protecting. While all of this is happening, Jimmy is at the home of Maureen Ashby, trying to take back Fiona and Kerrianne. He kills one of the Casey brothers with no problem. He is stopped by Gemma and Fiona, who overpower him. Gemma is close to killing him before Fiona stops her. Fiona threatens that if Jimmy comes near her or Kerrianne again, she will kill him herself.
After Liam O'Neill botches the killing of SAMCRO, Jimmy comes across SAMCRO torturing O'Neill. He and his men plan to assault and kill the bikers, but are caught in a trap that Jimmy and his second in command, Donny, barely escape with their lives. Jimmy O. and Donny kidnap and torture Sean Casey for information about Abel Teller's whereabouts. Jimmy executes Sean as a message to the True IRA. He and Donny kill the Irish couple that has Abel, then use the infant as leverage to ensure safe passage out of Ireland and back to California, where Jimmy will make contact with the Russian mafia. In a swap at a dock, Jimmy and Donny give Abel back to Jax, but they take Father Kellan Ashby as their new hostage.
In California, Jimmy attempts to buy safe passage to South America via the Russian mafia. However, his Russian connection, Victor Putlova, changes his deal with Jimmy and demands more money and a bigger discount on weapons in exchange for smuggling Jimmy out of the United States. Not left with much of a choice, Jimmy's man Donny retrieves $712,000 to pay the Russians in advance.
In the Season 3 finale, Jimmy is betrayed by the Russians and is given up to SAMCRO. However, he is taken into custody by the ATF shortly thereafter. He is recaptured by SAMCRO and stabbed to death by Chibs Telford, but not before Chibs gives Jimmy a Glasgow Smile similar to the one Jimmy gave Chibs.
Galen O'Shay.
Galen O'Shay (Timothy V. Murphy) is a high-ranking member of the Real IRA, directly involved in SAMCRO's affairs with the Galindo Cartel. He views Jax as impulsive and reckless following an incident stateside and holds him responsible for the death of Father Kellan Ashby. As such, he is only willing to sell guns to Clay, making it necessary for Jax to spare Clay's life in order to maintain the deal with the IRA and the cartel. He and Jax settle their differences by having a fistfight, displaying Galen's bare knuckle style fighting skills.
He later meets with Jax and Bobby to give them one last guns shipment for the cartel, as they will now be getting their guns from the triads. However, Romeo and Luis show up with armed Galindo men to take the guns. Galen and his men try to put up a fight, but are forced to surrender the guns. He states that SAMCRO will pay for the incident and kidnaps and ransoms Jax's ex-wife Wendy Case. He returns her to Clay and Tig for $475,000. He speaks to Clay about Clay starting his own gun-running crew, telling him that he needs a flight to Belfast to wait out danger in Charming. Galen agrees.
In Season 6, Jax wants out of the gun-running business, which Galen refuses to accept, protesting that they will not lose the money paid for regular shipments. Jax suggests passing the business on to the San Bernardino chapter so that the deals will still be made, which Galen accepts. However, the San Bernardino chapter votes against the guns, and Jax insists that the Sons will not be paying for any more shipments, regardless. To send a message to SAMCRO, Galen and his men execute Filthy Phil and V-Lin, and leave their dismembered hands on their club jackets. When SAMCRO goes looking for Galen's right hand man Connor, they discover Galen is already back in Ireland with the Kings. Jax calls them on Connor's phone and offers August Marks as a new gun distributor and accuses Galen of doing deals with Clay behind the King's backs, unaware Galen is listening as well. Galen denies the allegations and states Clay is still their best distributor. They later blow up the SAMCRO clubhouse to send a message. They then state that SAMCRO must turn over all customers to them without profit. Galen later meets with the Cacuzza family to turn over to Irish guns. When the Triads protest, Galen begins a fight. He later demands SAMCRO help spring Clay from his prison transport van so he can run the Irish gun business. After Clay is free,Galen congratulates Jax and is promptly shot along with his men. Jax then kills Clay and stages it to look like Clay and the Irish came to a disagreement and killed each other.
Rival MC members.
Esai Alvarez.
Esai Alvarez (Kevin Alejandro) is a member of the Mayans Motorcycle Club and the son of Marcus Alvarez. Marcus selects his son to perform hits on both the Nords' leader Ernest Darby and SAMCRO leader Clay Morrow, but Esai and his men botch both hits. Esai was killed by Happy (with his father aproval) shortly afterwards.
Marcus Alvarez.
Marcus Alvarez (Emilio Rivera) is the president of the Mayans Motorcycle Club, an Oakland-based rival motorcycle club that has allied itself with the Nordics in order to break SAMCRO's iron-fisted control over Charming. He and the Mayans are bitter rivals with the Niners gang, with whom SAMCRO supplies guns, thus resulting in an increasingly bitter rivalry with the Sons. Although Alvarez agrees to a truce with SAMCRO, it has since been broken. Alvarez has secret gun and drug dealings with Zobelle, and he and the Mayans try to safely smuggle Zobelle out of Charming, but are ambushed by the Sons. Clay's hatred for Zobelle and desire to kill him allow the Mayans to get away.
T.O. Cross.
T.O. Cross (Michael Beach) is the president of the Grim Bastards Motorcycle Club. He is a good friend of Clay Morrow and SAMCRO. His club is chosen to provide security for Mayan drug shipments after SAMCRO makes a deal with the Mayans Motorcycle Club. He takes it hard when he finds his vice president and childhood friend, Lander Jackson, murdered by the Calaveras Motorcycle Club. T.O. brings SAMCRO into the situation and demands payback on the Calaveras, but Clay is able to calm him and, with approval from Alvarez and the Mayans, T.O. ultimately avenges his friend by killing his assassin, the Calaveras' Sergeant at Arms, Edgar. He appears in the Season 5 episode "Andare Pescare," providing protection for the man who beat Opie to death in Stockton. He claims he's his cousin and he has no idea that he is protecting him from SAMCRO. Jax promises not to kill him if he lets him talk to him about the men who helped him kill Opie. After Jax finishes questioning him, Chibs shoots him in the back of the head with a silenced pistol. T.O. asks Jax, "Who are you?"
Lander Jackson.
Lander Jackson (Marcello Thedford) is the vice president of the Grim Bastards Motorcycle Club. He is T.O.'s childhood friend, having known him since T.O. was four years old. He is brutally killed by Edgar, the Sergeant-at-Arms of the rival Calaveras Motorcycle Club. T.O. later kills Edgar in revenge.
Roscoe.
Roscoe (Joseph Julian Soria) is a member of the Calaveras Motorcycle Club Lodi chapter. He is appointed the new president by Marcus Alvarez, following the removal of Hector Salazar.
Hector Salazar.
Hector Salazar (Jose Pablo Cantillo) is the former president of the Lodi chapter of the Calaveras Motorcycle Club, a low-ranking club that does dirty work for the Mayans. The Calveras perform the drive-by at Half-Sack's funeral. After botching several jobs and killing a member of the friendly Grim Bastards Motorcycle Club, he is stripped of his title and kicked out of his own club by Marcus Alvarez. He and his girlfriend Luisa (Tara Macken) begin stalking Tara Knowles.
Jacob Hale, Jr., takes advantage of Salazar's hatred of SAMCRO by paying him to rough up a gym owner who is loyal to SAMCRO. Hector takes it too far and inflicts mortal wounds that eventually kill the old man. Salazar blackmails Hale for information about Tara. He and Luisa kidnap Tara and hospital administrator Margaret Murphy. They demand that, in exchange for the women's release, SAMCRO must kill Mayans MC leader Marcus Alvarez and retrieve $250,000 from Alvarez's home safe. Alvarez plays dead for 24 hours and the ATF supplies the money, but at the drop-point a mishap spooks Salazar and he flees.
Meanwhile, Tara is able to trick Luisa and slit her throat with a piece of broken glass. When Hector returns to his home, Tara bargains for Margaret's release in exchange for trying to save the mortally wounded Luisa. Luisa bleeds to death during the ride to the hospital and Hector goes into a rage, killing an innocent woman and stealing her car. He takes Tara to Jacob Hale, Jr.'s office, where he takes Hale hostage, as well, and initiates a standoff with police. Hector demands free passage to Mexico in exchange for his hostages. He is able to convince Jax Teller to take Tara's place as a hostage, but he secretly plans to sabotage the deal and kill Tara in front of Jax. During a scuffle, Hale is able to stab Salazar with a pen and he tries to escape. Jax is able to corner Hector in a dead end, where he offers to not kill the former Calaveras leader in exchange for his testimony against corrupt Jacob Hale. Hector agrees and puts down his weapon, but Jax reneges and stabs Hector in the chest.
Gang members.
Jimmy Cacuzza.
James "Jimmy" Cacuzza (Jeff Wincott) is the leader of a Mafia family. He and his gang buy weapons from SAMCRO. When one of the weapon shipments is late, the Sons of Anarchy hijack a truck and give the contents to the Mafia as a goodwill gesture. In the Season 5 episode "Andare Pescare," Clay reaches out to Jimmy to find rogue member Frankie Diamonds, who is hiding with a Mafia family. Jimmy manages to set up a meeting between SAMCRO and the Mafia don hiding Frankie. He finds out the location of the safehouse where Frankie is hiding and tells Clay.
Ernest Darby.
Ernest Darby (Mitch Pileggi) is the head of the Nordics (also known as "Nords"), a white supremacist gang mainly involved in meth trafficking. In Season 1, he attempts to form a deal with the Mayans, but is later set up by members of the Mayans, who try unsuccessfully to kill him. In Season 2, Darby forms an alliance with L.O.A.N., although he is not as strict in his racial beliefs (for example, Darby employs non-whites in his shop) as L.O.A.N. claims to be, and this is met with disdain by A.J. Weston. Later, Darby is double-crossed and left to die by A.J. Weston and his crew while burning down the Cara Cara porn studio.
At the end of Season 2, his fate is still unknown. In the Season 3 episode "The Push," Darby has survived the fire, but his gang is left in ruins. While receiving treatment at a clinic, he observes Jax and 
Tara selling prescription medication to one of the clinic doctors. Mistakenly believing that SAMCRO has moved into the business of dealing painkillers (Jax and Tara are actually selling HIV medication), and desiring revenge against SAMCRO, whom he blames for his woes, he informs Jacob Hale of what he has seen.
Darby returns briefly in Season 6, married to a Mexican woman and no longer a gang member. After Wayne Unser is attacked by Nazis as retaliation for Clay murdering an inmate, the Sons track him down for information, reasoning that he must still know of there whereabouts. Tig and Ratboy pose as wannabe Nazis in an attempt to gain access to their headquarters, but the plans are thwarted after a member finds Juice and Darby waiting a couple of miles down the road. They escapem but Darby fears for his safety. The Sons later attack the Nazi headquarters, killing all of the present members.
Henry Lin.
Henry Lin (Chinese: 亨利林; played by Kenneth Choi) is the Chinese-American leader of a San Francisco-based Triad. His gang is after a man named Chuck
Chuck who was a bookkeeper for their illegal businesses but eventually stole from them. However, Chuck is being protected by SAMCRO. Lin and Clay Morrow eventually come to an agreement—SAMCRO hands Chuck over and the Triad pays SAMCRO in cash. Lin later trades Chuck back to SAMCRO in negotiations to get new guns from Clay.
Lin is likely the one who chops off most of Chuck's fingers, leaving just one finger on each hand. Lin meets with Clay and tells him that he needs guns and will pay double. In the episode "Fa Guan," Lin makes a deal with Clay—if Clay can get a case thrown out, Lin will open a pipeline for him. In Season 3, the Sons and Triads are still in business buying guns from each other. The Sons also provide Cara-Cara porn stars as entertainment for Triad businessmen in exchange for a percentage of a gun sale. When Opie sabotages the party, Lin gives Clay a tiny percentage in exchange for the Cacuzza family as a buyer.
In Season 5, Lin is in a meeting with Jax, Alvarez, and the new Niners president Tyler as the Galindo Cartel wants to move cocaine through their territory. Lin agrees to the arrangement. He later meets with Jax and Bobby, who state that SAMCRO wants out of their arrangement with Galindo and offer Henry the chance to sell them guns. He says he has connections in Gaza to get the cartel their high-caliber weapons and agrees to the deal.
Nate Meineke.
Nate Meineke (Tim De Zarn) is the leader of a local state militia and terrorist group. He served in Vietnam alongside Piney Winston. He and his son, Russell Meineke (James Harvey Ward), buy weapons from SAMCRO and use them to ambush a prison convoy to free one of their members. They plan to go into hiding in Mexico. However, the Sons of Anarchy kill them by bombing their hideout bunker, as they had brought heat onto SAMCRO with the shootings.
Nero Padilla.
Nero Padilla (Jimmy Smits) is a Mexican-American pimp (who refers to himself as a "companionator") and the head of a gang of Mexicans known as the Byz Lats. In the first episode of Season 5, "Sovereign," he has bonded with Gemma. In Episode 5.2, "Authority Vested," he provides sanctuary to the Sons, who hide out at his brothel when they are under attack and planning their next move. Over the next few episodes, he forms an alliance with Jax and offers mentorly advice, such as dealing with his mother (in "Toad's Wild Ride"). Padilla has a young son, Lucius Padilla (Gybby Eusebio), who lives in a home for the developmentally disabled.
After his prostitution business, Diosa International, is closed by the police, Jax offers to let him run what used to be Cara Cara, Luann's former business, with the two of them becoming partners and forming Diosa Norte. However, Jax is unsure of the relationship between him and Gemma, and demands that he not relate with Gemma, to which he agrees. Nero, however, continues to worry and participates in Gemma's life, in one instance helping Jax track a member of a minor gang that robbed Gemma. He tells Jax that she is still his mother and should respect that. Eventually, he comforts Gemma after she has an accident that almost kills both Abel and Thomas, and advises her to tell the truth to Jax, as she had lied about the circumstances. Although initially on good terms, Nero grows more confrontational towards Jax after Frankie assaults Diosa Norte, taking Lyla hostage, shooting her in the leg and robbing Nero of $134,000. The agreement was that Jax's club issues wouldn't hurt Diosa Norte.
Other Byz Lats members include Nero's cousin Arcadio Nerona (Dave Navarro), Fiasco (Rey Gallegos), Gomes (Mario Perez), Lupe (Jorge-Luis Pallo), and Renaldo (Kurt Caceres).
Romero Parada.
Romero "Romeo" Parada (Danny Trejo) is a high-ranking member of the Jose Galindo drug cartel, who has connections to Marcus Alvarez and the Mayans. His subordinates in dealings with SAMCRO and the Mayans are Luis Torres (Benito Martinez) and Santo Rivera (Senen Reyes), and both of them were once under his command in the Mexican Special Forces.
In Season 4, Clay has orchestrated a deal with the cartel to protect SAMCRO from Russian retaliation in Stockton. Parada enters into business with the Sons to purchase a high volume of illegal arms weapons to fight with the rival Sonora-based Lobo Sonora cartel, with the caveat that the Sons also need to assist in carrying amounts of cocaine through Northern California. He later turns up to save Jax and Opie from Russian retaliation, reinforcing the fact that the cartel will provide the Sons with additional support. He appears later to provide SAMCRO with 30 bricks of cocaine, of which one would be taken by Juice to stage a major disaster that results in Miles' death. After confirming his load is intact, he is contacted by Clay for support to order a hit on Tara, due to the letters that reveal Clay's involvement in John Teller's murder. He and Luis Torres are both CIA assets and use their pull to squash the fed's attempt at RICO. Parada tells Jax that, if he does not come through with the IRA deal, he will crush SAMCRO.
In Season 5, Romeo still provides support for SAMCRO, such as using his influence to get Bobby free of his charges and providing protection for Jax, Chibs, and Tig inside prison from the black prison gangs under the control of Damon Pope. He later gets his wish by having a meeting with Gaylen O' Shay of the IRA to buy his "big guns."
He and Luis later meet with Clay, who tells them he knows about them being CIA informants and the RICO case they are holding over Jax. He tells them that Jax got to Otto Delaney and, if the RICO case goes away, he will kill Clay and end the deal with Galindo. Romeo suggests getting rid of Jax and putting Clay back at the head of the table. Clay refuses and tries to get Jax to work with them a little bit longer, but he refuses. When they hear this, they kidnap Jax and tell him how easy it is to disappear. Jax says he has a new arrangement for the cartel: ti have the Mayans take over muling their cocaine and the Triads use their connections to Gaza to get them their "big guns." Romeo tells Jax to set up a meeting before letting him go. During the meeting, they see samples of the Ghana weapons and are impressed, but Henry Lin says it will take two to three months to get the guns flowing. Romeo tells Jax that Lobos Sonora is pushing Galindo hard and they can't wait that long, requesting one more shipment of IRA weapons to hold them over. However during the meeting to get them from Galen, Romeo, Luis and numerous armed Galindo men storm the barn and forcibly take the guns.
Damon Pope.
Damon Pope (Harold Perrineau), the main antagonist in Season 5, is first mentioned in Season 4's finale as the most dangerous gangster in Oakland. A seemingly powerful businessman on the outside, Damon Pope is a bloodthirsty, ruthless and calculating individual who has power over many black gangs and does not hesitate to use extreme degrees of violence to demonstrate his power, and to make things go his way. He distances himself from his illegal activities, as he does not want any of them to leave a trail to him. He goes to extreme lengths to ensure exact order in his operations. Pope has Laroy Wayne killed and dismembered after he starts a war on SAMCRO after the death of Veronica Pope (his daughter and Laroy's girlfriend) at the hands of Tig, as the incidents would eventually be linked to Pope.
After Jax tries to negotiate with Pope, he sends his right-hand man August Marks (Billy Brown) to instruct one of the members of the One-Niners to kill Jax. The murder deliberately fails as August has the weapon without bullets, and Marks has the One-Niner member executed in front of Jax, naming a new leader and ordering an immediate ceasefire between the Niners and SAMCRO, all to demonstrate that Pope decides who lives and who dies.
Pope has Tig kidnapped by a detective, demonstrating his influence over law enforcement. After chaining Tig, Pope has Tig's daughter Dawn burned alive in front of him in retaliation, ignoring Tig's pleas to kill him instead. He pays four witnesses to give testimony against Jax, Tig and Chibs on the murders committed by Pope, so that they end up in prison and, by extension, killed by the black prison gangs, thus leaving no trail whatsoever.
Pope later meets with Jax with a list of demands, including half of their monthly payments for muling the Galindo Cartel's cocaine, for Tig to remain in prison forever, and a dead Son in place of the Niner and cop killed by them. When Jax says he is not going to war, Pope responds with, "You're already in it, son." When Opie is killed as the tribute, Jax again meets with Pope, telling him he needs Tig to come with them, as he needs the advantage given to him by saving his life. Pope agrees, saying this is "how players become kings." He later makes a new deal with Jax, offering to double his muling fee from the cartel by letting his gang in on the business, as well as warning him that he has assassins on stand-by if he is killed. He gives him the identity and address of the prison sergeant who had Opie killed.
The motion is narrowly voted in, and Jax kills the sergeant for Opie. However, when it's discovered that the three Nomads recently patched into SAMCRO are behind the break-ins, and Jax and Chibs are attacked by two black men with machine guns, he asks Pope if he was responsible for either incident. Pope denies it, and Niner president Tyler helps Jax find the second shooter. Jax later gives Pope a portfolio on Charming Heights, asking if he is interested in investing. He seems willing, but states that there is one obstacle to their growing business relationship: Tig. Pope demands that Jax must give him up soon or he will step in, which "nobody wants." Eventually, Jax promises to deliver Tig to him in an abandoned garage where Tig can be killed easily and without any trace.
After Pope has Tig tied up and prepares to kill him in the garage, Jax uses Clay's silenced pistol to murder Pope's henchmen and save Tig. A cornered Pope tells Jax that "he knows what will happen" if somebody kills him, but Jax merely responds that he "is counting on it." Pope is soon down by Tig, and his murder is pinned on Clay, who is arrested and has a bounty placed on him by August.
Victor Putlova.
Victor Putlova (Keith Szarabajka) handles the dealings of the Russian mob in California. An old acquaintance of Jimmy O.'s, Putlova is hired by Jimmy to help him escape the Real IRA and SAMCRO. However, Putlova betrays Jimmy and makes a deal with SAMCRO to hand over Jimmy in exchange for $2 million. He has Jimmy O.'s closest man, Donny, killed. After the exchange is made, a furious Putlova realizes that the money is fake. He and his men attempt to give chase to SAMCRO, but to no avail. He tries to get revenge for the incident when he unsuccessfully has one of his lieutenants try to kill Jax in prison.
In Season 4, Clay, Opie and Jax sit down with Putlova and a new deal is worked out. Jax says that the stabbing was "just business." Putlova attends Opie's wedding and even gives Opie an FN Five-seven pistol (5.7x28mm) that pierces Kevlar as a wedding present. However, when Clay tests the gun out, he and Tig shoot Putlova's bodyguards and Jax stabs Putlova to death as payback for trying to kill him in prison, repeating the words "it's just business" to Putlova as he dies. His body is dumped in the new Charming development set up by Jacob Hale.
Ule.
Ule (Jason Matthew Smith) is a member of the League of American Nationals (L.O.A.N.). He has an antagonistic and distrustful relationship with A.J. Weston, feeling that, as Zobelle's right-hand man, Weston's ardent white supremacist beliefs are not allowing L.O.A.N. to broaden their horizons. Gradually, Ule is taking Weston's place in L.O.A.N.'s covert activities with the Mayans. When A.J. Weston finds out about the drug trade with the Mayans, he kills the female heroin cookers and executes Ule.
Laroy Wayne.
Laroy Wayne (Tory Kittles) is SAMCRO's contact in the One-Niners street gang. Laroy buys weapons from SAMCRO, and is often in the company of a man with a burned face called Gill (E.R. Ruiz), possibly his second in command. The fictional One-Niners gang also appear in "The Shield". It is unclear whether or not SAMCRO is still allied with the One-Niners, due to Laroy's double-crossing in a deal to eliminate some of the Mayans, including Marcus Alvarez. This is clarified in Season 2, when Laroy and the Sons are still allied and the Mayans are not.
Laroy is present at Opie's wedding in the start of Season 4, where the Niners continue to purchase weapons from the Sons. Laroy and the Niners are framed for the attempted assassination of Clay. Jax puts the blame on Laroy to save Opie from being killed by the club. Tig, distraught after turning his back on Clay, follows Laroy and attempts to run him over with a car, but hits Laroy's girlfriend instead, sending her through a glass window and killing her instantly.
Her father is Damon Pope, the most ruthless gangster in Oakland. Pope, who is smart enough to create distance, is bloodthirsty enough for revenge. At the start of Season 5, gang members from the One-Niners are reminded of Pope's power when they are shown the dismembered body of Laroy floating in a storm drain. Pope makes another Niner, Tyler (Mo McRae), the new leader of the gang.
A.J. Weston.
A.J. Weston (Henry Rollins) is the muscle, or street leader, of the League of American Nationalists (also known as "L.O.A.N."), a white separatist gang trying to gain control in Charming and force SAMCRO out. Weston is an extremely violent ex-convict who carries out the brutal attacks on SAMCRO orchestrated by the L.O.A.N. commander, Ethan Zobelle. Weston's direct and die-hard connection to the Aryan Brotherhood makes him dangerous, since he can provide manpower to his gang to sell weapons and drugs to the residents of Charming (SAMCRO disdains hard drugs and protects their town from drug dealers). 
Weston is the father of two sons, 10-year-old Cliff (Aaron Refvem) and 6-year-old Duke (Trenton Rogers), and has a number of tattoos, including an Algiz just below his neck, which is visible through the open collar of his shirts. He has a tattoo across his chest saying "I Kill Niggers." He and several other men, while wearing white masks, raped Gemma Teller in a warehouse to strike back at Clay for refusing to stop his gun dealings with minorities. Gemma realizes that A.J. is the leader of the group of men who attacked her after recognizing his Algiz tattoo. Later, at a church meeting run by L.O.A.N., A.J. helps the group lay a trap for SAMCRO, mistakenly believing this is their headquarters, intending to kill Zobelle. As the Sons of Anarchy storm into the church, Zobelle gives a signal and Weston opens fire on SAMCRO with a concealed weapon, making it look on camera like the Sons shot first. As churchgoers flee in a panic, Weston and Zobelle escape the SAMCRO assailants and watch as they are cuffed and taken away by the police.
Although the previously elusive Weston is proving difficult for the Sons to kill, things unravel for Weston late in Season 2 when SAMCRO reveals to him that Zobelle is secretly dealing heroin with the Mayans. After finding out the truth and feeling betrayed, he kills Ule and confronts Zobelle. Jax has child services take Weston's children away from him and, upon learning this, Weston challenges Jax to a fight to the death out in the forest. At the showdown, A.J. and his Aryan brothers attempt to fight dirty, but are overwhelmed by SAMCRO, who secretly has enlisted the help of the Niners and the Triads. Charming police scare off most of the gang members before anyone is killed, after SAMCRO begins to take over the fight. Jax is on the verge of killing Weston when Deputy Chief Hale arrests Weston on the charge of arson for burning down https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Sons_of_Anarchy_characters#Luann's porn studio Cara Cara.
In the Season 2 finale, A.J. Weston is released from police custody due to an unusable testimony from two-finger Chucky, who is a felon. Jax, Opie and Chibs are able to track Weston down and corner him and his youngest son in the bathroom of a tattoo parlor. Seeing the writing on the wall, Weston's last request is that his son not see what is about to happen to him. After bidding his son farewell, Weston warns his son never to talk about what happens with anyone. As his son leaves, Weston enters one of the bathroom stalls and Jax executes him with a silenced pistol. Jax leaves his dead body in the stall.
Several of actor Henry Rollins' signature tattoos are visible in "Sons of Anarchy", including the Black Flag "bars."
Ethan Zobelle.
Ethan Zobelle (Adam Arkin) is the head of the League of American Nationalists ("L.O.A.N."), a white separatist gang who desires to gain a foothold in Charming and force SAMCRO out. At the beginning of Season 2, Zobelle moves into Charming and presented himself to the townspeople and local law enforcement as the owner of the newly opened Impeccable Smokes cigar shop on the town's Main Street. Throughout Season 2, Zobelle and his henchman make several more attempts to remove SAMCRO from Charming, but all are relatively unsuccessful.
In the Season 2 finale, Zobelle is revealed to be was a longtime F.B.I. informant, and he and his daughter Polly are set free. With protection provided by the Mayans, Zobelle is escorted to his cigar shop, where he and his daughter wait for an opportunity to flee Charming to avoid SAMCRO's wrath. Polly leaves to say goodbye to Edmond Hayes but, when she does not return, Zobelle reluctantly leaves her behind. SAMCRO ambushes the Mayan convoy, but Zobelle escapes, seeking refuge in a deli occupied by school children. He attempts to call Hale for assistance, but Hale brushes him off and merely informs him of Polly's death. Zobelle's life is miraculously spared when a more pending issue causes the Sons to depart. He is last seen booking a flight out of Charming in an attempt to escape to Budapest.
Polly Zobelle.
Polly Zobelle (Sarah Jones) is the scheming daughter and accomplice of Ethan Zobelle. She is the one who initially tricks and subdues Gemma prior to her rape. She also rigs the car bomb which nearly kills Chibs. Deputy Hale extorts her to get information about her father's whereabouts, but she feeds him partially false information, which has extreme repercussions for SAMCRO.
Polly uses her beauty and attractiveness to seduce Edmond Hayes, engaging in an affair with him. Although it initially appears that Polly's motive is to secure the Real IRA's gun connection for L.O.A.N., Polly's interest in Edmond is genuine and her father does not entirely approve of the affair. Polly and her father are later arrested for possession of narcotics, a crime to which her father alerts Deputy Chief Hale in order to escape an attack from SAMCRO.
In the Season 2 finale, Polly and her father are released from police custody due to her father's F.B.I. informant status. Before fleeing Charming, she goes to say goodbye to Edmond Hayes, but finds him shot to death in his home. She draws her gun after hearing a noise made by Agent Stahl, who is hiding in the next room. Coincidentally, Gemma Teller, who has been following Polly, sneaks in the front door at the same time. Gemma tells Polly to put down her gun, but Polly points the gun at Gemma and Gemma shoots her. Stahl comes out of hiding and tries to frame Gemma for the murder of Edmond and Polly, but lets her escape out the back door. Gemma gets a ride out of town with Unser to go into hiding. In Season 3, Polly's murder is ruled as self-defense, as she has a gun in her hand when she hits the floor.
Miscellaneous.
Bachman.
Bachman (Stephen King) is an independent biker. He is the "cleaner" who Tig hires to dispose of the body of Gemma's father's slain caretaker Amelia. He is an eccentric character who demands that Tig play 1980s music on the stereo while he performs his craft. When the deed is done, Tara inquires about where she is, and he coldly replies, "Where's "who"?" Tig has a smirk on his face while he hands Bachman his payment for services. Bachman quietly takes his payment and leaves. The name "Bachman" is a reference to Stephen King's pen name Richard Bachman.
Georgie Caruso.
Georgie Caruso (Tom Arnold) is a rival to Luann Delaney in the pornography business. Introduced in Season 2, Caruso is a scumbag who takes advantage of Luann's legal troubles to steal away her performers. He physically abuses and threatens the performers to keep them from leaving. SAMCRO threatens Caruso and, for a time, he backs off. Later in the season, Luann's new studio is broken into in the episode "Potlatch." Sex tapes and expensive equipment are stolen, and the guard dog is found dead and mutilated. All evidence points to Caruso, so Jax, Bobby, and Opie pay him a visit. They find and retrieve Luann's belongings, but not before threatening Caruso and destroying his laptop. Later, Charming police find Luann Delaney on the side of the road, apparently beaten to death, implying that Georgie Caruso is involved. Soon after Luann's death, Half-Sack says Georgie and his crew skipped town and fled the country to go to Thailand to "recruit" new talent.
In Season 4, he returns, trying to work a new "real sized sex-dolls" business. The club tries to reach out to him when Otto, after being presented tests by Linc Potter regarding Luann's involvement with Bobby, demands that Georgie be killed in retaliation for Luann's murder. He is captured and about to be killed but, pleading for his life, he claims he has billionaire "sex-freak" Asian contacts, which sparks Clay's interest for a potential way to end Jacob Hale's investment plan. After he goes back on his word on the fake investment, and after he admits he was responsible for killing Luanne, Tig and Opie executed him in the trunk of his own car.
Amelia Dominguez.
Amelia Dominguez (Monique Gabriela Curnen) is Nate Madock's caretaker. Amelia is an illegal immigrant with no family in the United States. She and Tig start a sexual rendezvous when Gemma visits her father.
After Nate shoots Tig, believing him to be an intruder, Amelia looks up Gemma on the Internet and finds that there is a warrant out on her and a handsome reward for her arrest. Gemma subdues her and duct tapes her to a wheelchair in the basement. Tara comes to care for Tig's wound and ends up caring for Amelia, as well. Amelia tricks Tara and breaks free from her restraints. She attacks and tries to stab Gemma but, in a scuffle, ends up accidentally stabbing and killing herself. Tig employs the services of Bachman, a "cleaner" (played by the author Stephen King), who disposes of Amelia's body down a slop sink in the basement.
Dondo.
Dondo (David Hasselhoff) is a former pornstar-turned-director. He has a great fondness for Luann Delaney, whom he credits for helping him find a career in the industry beyond performing on-camera, and he wants to see Luann's death avenged. Dondo makes his first appearance in Season 4.
Lumpy Feldstein.
Lumpy Feldstein (Michael Fairman) is a local boxing club owner, a survivor of the Holocaust and a close friend of SAMCRO. Refusing to sell his clubhouse to an unknown buyer (revealed to be Jacob Hale, Jr.), he finds himself and the clubhouse under increasing threats of violence. After Ernest Darby, bribed by Hale, is unsuccessful in convincing Lumpy to vacate his property, Hale pays Hector Salazar to rough up Lumpy and deliver a phony message that he is acting on behalf of the Mayans Motorcycle Club in an attempt to re-ignite the war between the Mayans and SAMCRO. In the hospital, Lumpy tells Chief Wayne Unser that he will be closing his gym. In a later episode, Unser announces that Lumpy died from internal bleeding sustained from his wounds.
Floyd.
Floyd (James Carraway) is the town barber in Charming, and his shop is a neutral meeting place for law enforcement and SAMCRO members.
Jacob Hale, Jr..
Jacob Hale, Jr. (Jeff Kober) is a businessman and the older brother of Deputy Chief David Hale. At the beginning of Season 2, Jacob brings Ethan Zobelle and L.O.A.N. into Charming, presenting them to his brother as a way to get SAMCRO out of town. Jacob hopes to profit financially from SAMCRO's removal and, unlike his brother, is unconcerned with L.O.A.N.'s political and racial motivations and beliefs. Jacob also hopes to secure financial backing from Zobelle's business contacts, but is later informed by Zobelle that his people would be more inclined to help Jacob if he were to become more aligned with their cause.
After learning of Gemma's rape, Deputy Chief Hale helps SAMCRO thwart a scam Jacob is using to seize land from Elliott Oswald for development. Later in the season, Elliott Oswald reveals to Clay that Jacob Hale is attempting to run for mayor of Charming, with Zobelle's backing, because the position could possibly allow him to exercise executive power to obtain Oswald's land.
In Season 3, Jacob becomes a more prominent character. He has become more determined to remove SAMCRO from Charming, telling Wayne Unser that SAMCRO can no longer maintain their end of their deal with the Charming Police Department, wherein the police would look the other way on SAMCRO's activities in exchange for keeping violence out of Charming. He forms an uneasy alliance with Unser, where he promises to support Charming Police Department in exchange for Unser's support of his mayoral campaign.
Hale's development company has been muscling businesses into closing on Liberty Street in Charming so that they can redevelop the area. Lumpy Feldstein, an elderly Holocaust survivor and SOA friend, is the only tenant that refuses to close his business (a boxing gym). Hale hires Ernest Darby to try to convince Lumpy to vacate his property, but he is unsuccessful. Hale is then able to convince Hector Salazar, former leader of the Calaveras Motorcycle Club and enemy of SAMCRO, to rough up Lumpy, but Salazar takes it too far, nearly killing him. (Lumpy ultimately dies from his wounds.) Hale is blackmailed by Salazar into giving out information about Tara Knowles' activities. Hale was recently part of a unanimous vote by the Charming city council to have the San Joaquin Sheriff's Department take over the Charming Police Department, which Police Chief Wayne Unser views as a complete betrayal. Hale is eventually held hostage by Hector Salazar, but after Jax kills Salazar, he takes the credit for supposedly stabbing Salazar with a pen.
In Season 4, Jacob has successfully become mayor and is planning a new set of luxury homes known as Charming Heights, something that SAMCRO is not happy about. He deliberately brings in Eli Roosevelt to serve as deputy chief for his record, as he would prove effective against SAMCRO. When SAMCRO leaves the corpses of the recently killed Russian mafia, Jacob grows impatient and desperate, as the incident makes him lose investors. During the charity event hosted by Roosevelt's wife, Clay makes a speech that supports Elliott as a more capable mayor, which is received with support by the people present, and Jacob, who is present, is visibly displeased. When Charming Heights is thought to be in danger, Jacob reveals that he convinced the Natsuki Family (which SAMCRO wanted to use to fake interest in order to ruin Charming Heights) to invest and that the development of Charming Heights is going smoothly.
In the season's finale, Lincoln Potter bursts into the meeting, bringing sex toys with him that are all manufactured by the Natsuki Family (revealed to be the largest manufacturer of sex toys and pornography in the world, even including pedophillia), which were hidden as "Tokyo Fund" by Hale. Hale confronts Potter, and Potter replies that he "dislikes" Hale. This incident prompts a recess on the vote.
In the fifth episode of Season 5, "Orca Shrugged," Hale has a meeting with Jax, Chibs, and Bobby. His appearance has altered slightly—he has grown out his hair and has a beard. He is asked by the Sons to lease them one of his properties to turn into a prostitution business, but he says he will never help SAMCRO. He later meets with Jax again, offering Hale dirt on a crucial member of city council, which would allow Charming Heights to proceed. He also offers him an investor in Damon Pope, provided he lease them the property. He later agrees. He is seen again agreeing that Teller-Morrow gets all automotive contracts for the project as well as subsidized housing for Opie's family.
Hale is briefly seen again in Season 6. After SAMCRO's clubhouse is blown up by the IRA, Hale leases them an abandoned ice cream parlor as their new clubhouse. He mentions that Charming is angry and city council is looking for a way to remove SAMCRO. They tell him they are working on ending the violence and they need him on their side.
Lowell Harland.
Lowell Harland, Jr. (Keir O'Donnell) is a second-generation mechanic at Teller-Morrow Automotive Repair and a drug addict. He is not a member of the motorcycle club. His father was killed by the Sons for betraying them, but Lowell initially does not know the truth. A discussion between Clay and Gemma implies that Lowell, Sr., was implicated in something far more secret. When his father's body is found in a grave along with the bodies of Mayans, Clay worries that he might give information about the club to the ATF. Clay goes to Lowell's apartment to kill him but, after telling him the truth about his father's death, decides not to. Lowell has a son of his own named Moby. He is present and appears sober at the coming home party for Jax's son Abel. In late season 4, when Gemma was explaining to Jax what happened to Piney, and John Teller, It was revealed that Clay paid Lowell Sr. to sabotage JT's bike which led JT to being killed on the highway. Soon after this, Clay killed Lowell Sr. and buried him with the 2 mayans to cover up the truth of what happened to JT.
Brenan Hefner.
Brenan Hefner (Lyle Kanouse) is the Oakland Port Commissioner. He is described as being "very dirty" by Agent June Stahl, and "greedy" by Clay, and is a frequent womanizer. Hefner and his port thugs ambush Real IRA member Michael McKeavey upon his return to Oakland, and try to get him to triple his payoff to let McKeavey's weapon shipment through. The deal goes bad, with McKeavey getting angry and scaring Hefner into having his thugs beat and break McKeavey's neck and leave him for dead. Cameron Hayes plans revenge but, after being incapacitated by a gunshot, and short on time before Hefner leaves on business, Jax, Bobby and Opie end up having to do it. Clay tells Bobby to make sure Opie kills Hefner (to prove Opie's commitment to the club) but, when the moment comes and Opie freezes, Bobby quickly steps in and shoots Hefner himself. Bobby and Opie are later charged with Hefner's murder, and with Hefner's position as a state official, the state attorney seeks the death penalty against them, until the case is dismissed following the disappearance of the only witness.
Charlie Horse.
Charlie Horse (Randolph Mantooth), the chief of the Wahewa Native American tribe, manufactures ammunition for the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club. He presides over the wedding of Opie and Lyla Winston.
Ally Lowen.
Ally Lowen (Robin Weigert) is a colleague of Rosen, and the new legal counsel of SAMCRO in Season 3. Aware of the club's illegal business, she does not hesitate to help them, and becomes Gemma's counsel in the investigation regarding the deaths of Polly Zobelle and Edmond Hayes.
Nate Madock.
Nate Madock (Hal Holbrook) is Gemma Teller's elderly father. He was married to Gemma's mother Rose, who is recently deceased. Gemma and Tig visit Nate when they are on the run from Gemma's murder charges. He suffers from the early stages of dementia (believing his wife to still be alive) and has a caretaker. He shoots Tig in the shoulder with a rifle when he catches him having sex with his caretaker, Amelia, believing Amelia to be his wife Rose. After the unrelated death of Amelia, a heartbroken Gemma decides to put Nate in a home for the elderly.
Chuck Marstein.
Chuck "Chucky" Marstein (Michael Marisi Ornstein), a prison friend of Otto's, is a bookkeeper for a Triad gang. In Season 1, Chuck is regularly beaten by Triads in the prison, so Otto arranges for SAMCRO to protect Chuck upon his release in exchange for a large sum of money that Chuck claims is hidden in the kitchen of a Triad restaurant. However, Chuck proves to be rather paranoid and afflicted with compulsive masturbation disorder that flares at inopportune times. Chuck leads them to the money, but SAMCRO is upset when the money turns out to be counterfeit, and the Triads are really after two printing templates that Chuck stole. Clay makes a deal with the Triad leader, Henry Lin, to exchange real money for Chuck and the templates.
In Season 2, Chuck has had all but his index fingers cut off when his compulsive masturbation disorder becomes too much for Lin to tolerate. When Chuck's services are no longer needed, Lin offers to trade Chuck back to SAMCRO, but Clay refuses. Tig, feeling sympathetic, offers to take Chuck and promises to set him up as the new bookkeeper at Luann's studio. This turns out to be a good move, as Chuck proves himself to be a capable accomplice on numerous occasions. Chuck helps SAMCRO gain access to Georgie Caruso's studio when he goes in and causes a distraction by saying that he wants his mutilated hands to be used in fetish pornography.
Chuck is sleeping in the office of the porn studio when A.J. Weston and Ernest Darby come to burn it down. The commotion awakens him, and he tries to make a phone call for help, but cannot get a connection. He watches as Weston and his goons double-cross Darby.
Chuck, having survived the fire, comes out of hiding in the episode "Culling." He tells SAMCRO what really happened at the porn studio, and they suggest that he file a police report so the club could collect insurance money and help get A.J. Weston arrested. In the Season 2 finale, Deputy Chief Hale reveals that, since Chuck is a convicted felon, he is considered an unreliable witness and, therefore, Hale cannot hold Weston on the arson charge.
In Season 3, Chuck is an associate of SAMCRO, handling basic tasks at Teller-Morrow and serving coffee to the SAMCRO members in their clubhouse. Chuck is shot in the shoulder during the drive-by at Half-Sack's wake. In the second episode of Season 3, Chuck again proves useful by creating a distraction, crying out, "Look what they did to my hands!" and running wildly through the hospital. This distraction lures away police that were guarding a rival gang member (who is partially responsible for the drive-by at Half-Sack's wake) so that SAMCRO can interrogate him. He repeats a similar stunt later on at the hospital, so that Tig and Kozik can sneak into the same gang member's room and kill him with cyanide as a favor to the Mayans.
In the Season 3 finale, Chuck informs SAMCRO that he never disposed of $5 million worth of defective counterfeit money left over from his time with the Triad, and he donates it to the club. Two million dollars of it is later used to secure the acquisition of Jimmy from the Russians.
In Season 4, Gemma buys Chuck prosthetic hands because his one finger was "freaking her out." Chuck continues to show his reliability and loyalty to the club, such as when a dismembered head is left in the parking lot, as the sheriffs are storming the garage, and he hides the head in a bag of groceries and puts it in a pot of chili meant for the Charming Garden fundraiser.
In Season 5, Chuck remains a loyal assistant to SAMCRO and Teller-Morrow. He has also learned the French language.
Eviqua Michaels.
Eviqua Michaels (Ashley Monique Clark) is the 17-year-old African American neighbor of Brenan Hefner's mistress and witnesses his murder. She goes to the police and positively identifies Bobby as the shooter, and is prepared to identify Opie. Her position as a state's witness protects her identity until Elliott Oswald uses his contacts to uncover her name and the location of her safehouse. Eviqua is taken hostage until, rather than killing her, Jax Teller threatens her into leaving California. Her disappearance leads to the state attorney dismissing the case against Bobby and Opie.
Margaret Murphy.
Margaret Murphy (McNally Sagal) is an administrator at St. Thomas Hospital and disapproves of Tara's relationship with Jax and the Sons of Anarchy. When insurance issues mean that Chibs will be removed from St. Thomas before he makes a full recovery, Gemma confronts Margaret about the situation in an elevator at the hospital. Margaret files an insurance fraud complaint, accusing Tara of coaching Chibs to fake symptoms in order to extend his stay at the hospital and has Tara's hospital privileges suspended. When Margaret's meddling becomes too much, Tara accuses Margaret of putting the hospital profit dangerously ahead of the quality of care and proceeds to give her a mild beating (black eye and bloody nose) before telling her to back down or SAMCRO will cause her harm.
In Season 3, Margaret becomes more supportive of Tara, encouraging her not to endanger her career and let her talents as surgeon go to waste when Tara contemplates taking an extended leave from the hospital after Abel's kidnapping. Margaret says that her actions against Tara (in Season 2) and her support of her (in Season 3) are not personal, but are what she considers best for the hospital, which proves to be likely false when, in the episode "Turas," Salazar takes her and Tara hostage. When they check her for tattoos, they find what looks like a large "property of" tattoo on her back.
Margaret reveals to Tara that, when she was younger, she was together with a reckless biker and, after he died from a drug overdose, she turned her life around and the tattoo is to remind her that she has left that life behind. This is identical to what Tara tells Gemma in the show's pilot episode.
Margaret is set free from her captors when Tara volunteers to stay behind and try to save Salazar's girlfriend, whose throat Tara slits during an escape attempt. She grows to care much more about Tara, to the point of insisting that she leave Charming for a better job in a hospital at Oregon. She confronts Gemma several times during Season 4, regarding Tara and how she should leave Charming and the club. In Season 4, Margaret seems to develop a much more friendly relationship with Tara. She gives Tara an excellent recommendation to a hospital in Providence, Oregon.
Neeta.
Neeta (Cleo King) becomes Abel's baby-sitter during Season 2. Following Abel's kidnapping, she has not reappeared on the show.
Elliott Oswald.
Elliott Oswald (Patrick St. Esprit) is a prominent businessman and ranch owner in Charming. He claims his family has been in Charming longer than SAMCRO, and that he has trouble getting along with SAMCRO.
When his daughter Tristan Oswald (Liana Liberato) is raped by a carny from a traveling carnival, Elliott, against the will of wife Karen (Judith Hoag), comes to the club seeking biker justice, after which the relationship between the Oswalds and SAMCRO shifts. Elliott's gratitude towards the club leaves him a resourceful contact when the club needs someone with influence or money.
Clay uses him to gain information about a federal informant in the Season 1 finale. In Season 2, his land is threatened with purchase and eminent domain by Jacob Hale, Jr., Deputy Chief David Hale's older brother, but SAMCRO and Hale are able to prove that the eminent domain threat is a ruse and that there is no real threat of Oswald's land being taken, thereby ending the deal. Later, after being approached by Gemma, and with some urging from his daughter, Elliott puts up the bail for the members of SAMCRO who were arrested after a failed attack on Ethan Zobelle.
In Season 3, Oswald attempts to run for mayor against the scheming Jacob Hale, Jr., who is attempting to turn Charming against SAMCRO. Following the violence of Season 2 and the drive-by at Half-Sack's wake in Season 3, Oswald has decided to try to distance himself from SAMCRO, because he feels that his relationship with them could cost him the mayoral position. However, following the extension of SAMCRO's bail hearing, Clay Morrow is still able to convince Elliott to let SAMCRO fly on one of his cargo planes to Belfast (Oswald's cargo planes are not subject to customs control).
At the start of Season 4, much of Elliott's land holdings are seized by Charming through the use of eminent domain for the construction of a new land development called "Charming Heights." The seizure costs Elliott millions of dollars, so, as compensation, Oswald Construction is given the contract to build Charming Heights.
Rosen.
Rosen (Tom Everett Scott) is the club's lawyer. His connection to the club may be at least somewhat personal as well as professional. 
Ima Tite.
Ima Tite (Kristen Renton), introduced in Season 2, is a porn star employed by Luann Delaney. At one point, she is infatuated with Jax and tries to make him and Tara break up. Tara proves she won't back down by having sex with Jax in the porn studio's bathroom and playfully shooting up Ima's car. Ima is arrested in the episode "Fa Guan" when Charming police find her and other girls soliciting sex and drugs on behalf of an unknown source that offer them $10,000. Jax refuses to bail her out of prison.
In Season 3, Ima continues to make advances at Jax, but he rebuffs her. In the episode "The Push," Jax breaks up with Tara and has sex with Ima. When Tara catches them and becomes upset, Ima shows no signs of remorse. She attempts to climb back into bed with Jax but, to her surprise, Jax kicks her out of the clubhouse. When she leaves, she is slapped in the face by Lyla. Ima returns in Season 4 and has a one-night stand with Opie. She pulls a gun at the clubhouse after she is confronted by Lyla, Tara, and Gemma the following day.
Later, Jax pays her a visit under the guise that he is interested in a rendezvous with her but, when they are alone in her dressing room, he slams her face into a makeup table and warns her to stay away from the club. Afterwards, Ima is in complete fear of anyone connected to the club. In Season 5, she shoots a girl-on-girl film with Lyla. In Season 6, Episode 1, she arrives at the clubhouse to let everyone know that Lyla has been hurt. Later in the episode, Gemma slams Ima's face across the bar for entering the clubhouse, presumably for the last time she was in the clubhouse and pulled a gun on everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="20007064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007064" title="Melengestrol">
Melengestrol

Melengestrol (INN, BAN) is a steroidal progestin and antineoplastic agent which was never marketed. An acylated derivative, melengestrol acetate, is used as a growth promoter in animals.
While "melengestrol" is sometimes used as a synonym for "melengestrol acetate", what is usually being referred to is actually melengestrol acetate and not melengestrol.

</doc>
<doc id="20007095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007095" title="Concord (District Heights, Maryland)">
Concord (District Heights, Maryland)

Concord is a historic home located in District Heights, Prince George's County, Maryland. It is a 1790s -story Flemish bond brick house with a five-bay south facade, and a later two-part wing which stretches to the west. The home was built for Zachariah Berry, Sr. (1749-1845), a prosperous planter who had large landholdings in Maryland, the District of Columbia, and Kentucky. A great deal of the home's features are Greek Revival-influenced, dating from an 1860s renovation. A family cemetery and a number of 20th century outbuildings are located on the property.
Concord was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20007123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007123" title="The Last Olympian">
The Last Olympian

The Last Olympian is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology by Rick Riordan, published on May 5, 2009. It is the fifth and final novel of the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series and serves as the direct sequel to "The Battle of the Labyrinth". "The Last Olympian" revolves around the demigod Percy Jackson as he leads his friends in a last stand to protect Mount Olympus. The title refers to Hestia, the goddess of the hearth, who refers to herself as such in a conversation with Percy on Mount Olympus.
Upon release, the book received highly positive reviews from various critics. It was also the #1 USA Today bestseller, the #1 Wall Street Journal bestseller, and #1 Los Angeles Times bestseller.
Prophecy.
"A Half-blood of the eldest gods"<br>
"Shall reach sixteen against all odds"<br>
"To see the world in endless sleep,"<br>
"The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap."<br>
"A single choice shall end his days."<br>
"Olympus to preserve or raze." 
Plot summary.
In order to try to cut the head off of Kronos' approach by sea, Percy and Beckendorf the son of Hephaestus attempt to destroy his ship, the Princess Andromeda. However, Kronos, still possessing Luke Castellan, is not caught off guard, and Beckendorf sacrifices his life to destroy the ship, while Percy dives overboard and passes out from contact with Kronos' scythe when battling him on the ship. Percy is awakened by his half-brother Tyson, the cyclops. He finds that he is in his father Poseidon's underwater palace, which is under siege by the forces of the Titan Oceanus. Percy wants to stay and help fight with his father, but Poseidon sends Percy back to Camp Half-Blood.
At Camp Half-Blood, Chiron decides it is time for Percy to hear the "Great Prophecy." Percy informs the camp that there is a spy among them, someone who has been informing the Titans for years, but they put it aside until the bigger issues at hand are dealt with, such as the impending war against Kronos. Soon after arriving, Percy leaves again with Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, to find out Nico's plan for Percy to survive the battle, as mentioned at the end of "The Battle of the Labyrinth". After visiting Luke's mother in Westport, Connecticut, and talking with Hestia, goddess of the hearth and home, Percy procures a blessing from his mother, which will allow him to descend into the Underworld for the second time. Here, Nico betrays Percy for information on his past, but then helps Percy to escape from confinement. The two boys then follow through with the original plan, which was for Percy to bathe in the River Styx and gain Achilles' power.
Percy emerges from the Underworld in New York City, leaving a very depressed Nico behind. Percy calls Annabeth and tells her it's time for the battle to begin. The campers, alongside Chiron, arrive and Percy organizes them (minus the Ares cabin, who refused to fight), and prepares them for an urban battle. They enter Olympus through the Empire State Building to prepare and meet Hermes, who is furious with Annabeth. He believes that she could have stopped the war by helping Luke before he was possessed, saying he would have listened to her. Before the battle begins, New York City is silenced by way of a powerful sleeping spell from Morpheus, the god of dreams, that puts all mortals to sleep. Despite being joined by the Hunters of Artemis; satyrs; naiads; dryads and other tree nymphs; Chiron's centaur cousins the Party Ponies, automatons fashioned by the late Daedalus; and the hellhound Mrs. O'Leary; Percy's forces are consistently forced back by sheer numbers. Kronos is not without losses, as Percy buffets the Titan Lord's brother, Hyperion, into submission, from where Grover's nature powers encase the Titan of the East in a massive maple tree. Annabeth is badly injured when she saves Percy from a blade thrown by Ethan, son of Nemesis, that would have hit Percy in his Achilles point and would have most likely been a fatal injury. Percy tells Annabeth this, informing her that his weak spot is the small of his back. Upon falling asleep, Percy has dreams of Kronos questioning Ethan about where Percy's Achilles spot was, but Ethan doesn't know. But Ethan does suspect that Percy's weak spot is his midsection.
Rachel Elizabeth Dare, a mortal who can see through the Mist, flies from a family island vacation to New York to tell Percy that he is not the hero of the Great Prophecy, and that it will influence his choice when he turns 16. More than that, she doesn't know who the hero mentioned in the Great Prophecy is. She also informs Percy that the Titans have a monster on their side that only a child of Ares could destroy, but the Ares cabin remains at camp.
The monster arrives, and the campers learn that it is a drakon, a monster similar to, but more destructive and older than, a dragon. Right when all hope seems lost, a fellow camper (Silena Beauregard) posing as Clarisse arrives and leads the Ares cabin into battle. She tries to slaughter it but is badly wounded. The real Clarisse arrives on a flying chariot and kills the drakon by herself. The campers find out that the first "Clarisse" was Silena. She admits that she pretended to be Clarisse because that was the only way she could convince the rest of the Ares cabin to come and fight. With her last few breaths, Silena confesses she was the spy all along. She dies a hero, and not a traitor.
Driven back to the blocks surrounding the Empire State building, Percy and his friends fight in a last stand to protect Mount Olympus from the massive army Kronos has amassed. Even when Hades arrives with his army, Kronos still manages to break through and enter Olympus.
Percy and Kronos, in Luke's body, battle in the throne room of Olympus, without either side gaining a significant advantage. Ethan rebels against Kronos at the last minute, trying to kill him, but his sword ricochets back into his stomach. With his dying breath, he tells Percy that minor gods deserve better before falling into a fissure created by Kronos. Luke is shocked back into his non-evil self when Annabeth helps him remember his promise of family to her when he brutally smashes her across the throne room. The Great Prophecy hinges on Percy's decision to give Luke Annabeth's dagger rather than attempt to kill Luke himself. Luke injures himself at his mortal point (under his left armpit) and uses all his power in one strike on Kronos. With his dying breaths, Luke tells Percy that the minor gods should also have cabins at Camp Half-Blood. Annabeth tells Luke that she loved him as a brother, but Percy was the one she had always and truly loved. Luke sacrifices himself for Olympus and becomes the hero of the prophecy. Percy becomes the half-blood of the prophecy that would "reach sixteen against all odds," ending the war on the dawn of his 16th birthday.
With Poseidon ambushing Typhon at the Hudson River, the Olympians manage to defeat him. Returning to the throne room, they grant Percy, Grover, Annabeth, Thalia, and Tyson rewards at the conclusion of their various quests. Percy, refusing godhood/immortality for himself, forces the gods to swear on the River Styx that they will recognize all of their children by the time they turn thirteen, Luke's dying wish. At camp, new cabins are built for every god, including Hades and all the minor gods. Rachel becomes the new Oracle and speaks the next Great Prophecy-
"Seven half-bloods shall answer the call."<br>
"To storm or fire, the world must fall."<br>
"An oath to keep with the final breath,"<br>
"And foes bear arms to the Doors of Death."
Athena promises Annabeth that she will be the architect that redesigns a decimated Mount Olympus. Grover becomes a Lord of the Wild and a member of the Council of the Cloven Elders. Tyson is rewarded as well, by becoming general of the Cyclopes' army and being given a "stick" (i.e. a new club). Percy is given the choice to become immortal, and a god, but he refuses. Instead, he has the gods swear on the Styx to grant him a wish. He wishes that all half-bloods get a sign from their godly parent by 13. Also, he wishes that minor gods get a cabin at Camp Half-Blood, which was Ethan's dying wish.
Afterward, Annabeth wishes Percy happy birthday and then kisses him. Percy gets the feeling that "my brain was melting through my body". The other campers spy on them and dump them in the canoe lake. Percy and Annabeth kiss underwater, and from there, start dating. Soon after, they immediately start work on the new cabins, rejecting the "horseshoe" style arrangement of the twelve Olympian god's cabins and instead adding more and more. Chiron praises Percy towards the end of camp, and Annabeth and the other campers cheer him on. Percy silently meets again with Hestia, and she gives him a smile and a wink, showing that she is proud of her young nephew. Percy and Annabeth run into the mortal world with Percy narrating, "For once, I didn't look back."
Audiobooks.
The unabridged audiobook version of "The Last Olympian" is read by Jesse Bernstein and was released on May 12, 2009 by Random House/Listening Library. It is 10 hours and 50 minutes long. "AudioFile" magazine gave a mixed review towards Bernstein, saying, "While his voice is youthful, however, Bernstein lacks the speed and energy to allow listeners to completely suspend disbelief, and his tone lapses into a whining quality that some may find off-putting."
Sequel.
Another Camp Half-Blood series has been released, titled "The Heroes of Olympus". "The Lost Hero" is the first book in this series by Riordan, and was released on October 12, 2010. Though it is not directly related to Percy and friends, there are many references and appearances of these characters and it still serves as a sequel. Its sequel, "The Son of Neptune", portrays Percy as one of the main protagonists. The Son of Neptune is followed by The Mark of Athena, The House of Hades, and The Blood of Olympus which is being released during Fall 2014.
Film adaptation.
The rights to all the books were sold to 20th Century Fox by Rick Riordan, meaning a film adaptation for "The Last Olympian" is possible. The film will likely be entitled Percy Jackson: The Last Olympian. All of these films had the Olympians part and retired this, Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Last Olympian. It is possible that the film will be divided into two parts, much like popular movie franchises of recent.

</doc>
<doc id="20007126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007126" title="S&amp;T Daewoo XK8">
S&amp;T Daewoo XK8

S&T Daewoo XK8, also known as DAR-21 (Daewoo Assault Rifle-21st Century), is a 5.56x45mm NATO bullpup assault rifle developed and manufactured by S&T Daewoo intended to replace Daewoo Precision Industries K2 assault rifle for the Republic of Korea Armed Forces. XK8 was the first firearm developed solely by the Korean defense company without the request from the military. However, after the field tests by Republic of Korea Army Special Warfare Command, it was rejected and was not mass-produced. The rifle is now offered for export only.

</doc>
<doc id="20007165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007165" title="3-Deoxy-D-manno-oct-2-ulosonic acid">
3-Deoxy-D-manno-oct-2-ulosonic acid

3-Deoxy-D-"manno"-oct-2-ulosonic acid or KDO is an ulosonic acid of a 2-ketooctose which is used by bacteria in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides. The D-"manno" prefix indicates that four chiral centers have the same configuration as D-mannose.

</doc>
<doc id="20007179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007179" title="St Margaret's College">
St Margaret's College

There are several places called St Margaret's College. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="20007215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007215" title="The Pharaohs (disambiguation)">
The Pharaohs (disambiguation)

At least three bands have used the name Pharaohs:

</doc>
<doc id="20007216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007216" title="Franssen effect">
Franssen effect

The Franssen effect is an auditory illusion where the listener incorrectly localizes a sound. It was found in 1960 by Nico Valentinus Franssen (1926 – 1979), a Dutch Physicist and Inventor. There are two classical experiments, which are related to the Franssen effect, called Franssen effect F1 and Franssen effect F2.
Franssen effect F1.
Setup.
There are two speakers to the left and right of the listener. Each is about 3 feet in distance from the listener, at approximately 45° angles.
Producing the Illusion.
The left speaker suddenly begins to produce a sharp pure tone. The two speakers are complementary to each other: i.e., as one increases, the other decreases. The left one is decreased exponentially, and the right speaker becomes the main source of the sound. The interesting illusion achieved here is that the listener perceives the sound as only coming from the left speaker, although the right speaker has been on most of the time.
Franssen effect F2.
Experiment.
Inside a room (auditorium) there are 2 loudspeakers at different positions. At the beginning of the presentation, loudspeaker 1 emits a sinusoidal signal with a steep attacking slope. Subsequently the power of this loudspeaker remains constant. The listeners can localize this loudspeaker easily. During the stationary part of the envelope the signal is very smoothly faded over from loudspeaker 1 to loudspeaker 2. Although loudspeaker 2 emits all the sound at the end, the listener's auditory events remain at the position of loudspeaker 1. This mislocalization remains, even if the test supervisor plugs off the cables of loudspeaker 1 demonstratively.
Conclusions.
This effect gives some information about the capabilities of the human auditory system to localize sound sources in enclosed rooms:
When looking at the sound, which arrives at the listener's ears, the following situation appears:
As a consequence the auditory system seems only to be able to localize sound sources in reverberant environment at sound onsets or at bigger spectral changes. Then the direct sound of the sound source prevails at least in some frequency ranges and the direction of the sound source can be determined. Some milliseconds later, when the sound of the wall reflections arrives, a sound source localization seems no more to be possible. As long as no new localization is possible, the auditory systems seems to keep the last localized direction as perceived sound source direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20007224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007224" title="Laportea canadensis">
Laportea canadensis

Laportea canadensis, commonly called Canada nettle or wood-nettle, is an annual or perennial herbaceous plant of the nettle family Urticaceae, native to eastern and central North America. It is found growing in open woods with moist rich soils and along streams and in drainages.
Description.
"Laportea canadensis" grows from tuberous roots to a height of 30 to 150 centimeters, and can be rhizomatous, growing into small clumps. Plants have both stinging and non stinging hairs on the foliage and the stems. It has whitish green flowers, produced from spring to early fall.

</doc>
<doc id="20007226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007226" title="Eco-terrorism in fiction">
Eco-terrorism in fiction

Eco-terrorism has been a topic of fictional books, television programmes and films.

</doc>
<doc id="20007227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007227" title="James Allen (Virginia delegate)">
James Allen (Virginia delegate)

James Allen (1802–1854) was an American politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates 1839–40, 1847–49, and 1852–54, representing Hampshire County, which is now in West Virginia. The area of Hampshire County in which he lived became Mineral County, West Virginia after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20007228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007228" title="Cabeça do Cachorro">
Cabeça do Cachorro

The region known as Cabeça do Cachorro ("Dog‘s head") is the area comprising the northwesternmost end of the state of Amazonas, Brazil, bordering on Colombia and Venezuela.
This region roughly coincides with the Brazilian municipality of São Gabriel da Cachoeira and parts of Japurá, and shares international borders with the Venezuelan state of Amazonas (to the northeast), and the Colombian departments of Guainía (to north), Vaupés (to west) and Amazonas (to southwest). The Brazilian Army maintains a border platoon next to the border tripoint, at the village of Cucuí, where there is also a Brazilian Air Force base.
"Cabeça do Cachorro" means, literally, ""Dog's Head"" in Portuguese. The name was given after the shape of this region's map, that resembles the head of a dog with its mouth wide open. This picturesque geographical shape was defined by the Treaty of Bogotá, which was signed by Colombia and Brazil in 1907 and defined the borders between the two countries according to the uti possidetis criterium. These borders were later confirmed by a supplementary Colombian-Brazilian treaty in 1928.
The area has several Amerindian reservations. The municipality of São Gabriel da Cachoeira, in Cabeça do Cachorro, is the first in Brazil to adopt an Amerindian language, Nheengatu, as co-official with Portuguese.
The region also has one of the largest niobium reserves in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20007232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007232" title="The Mascara Story">
The Mascara Story

Mascara Story were a three piece rock band from Derry, Northern Ireland, consisting of Daveit Ferris (vocals, guitar), Sean Keddy (bass guitar, vocals) and Jay Dickson (drums, percussion).
History.
Formed in March 2004, the band won the Snickers Unsigned Contest run by "Kerrang!" magazine. Part of the overall prize was an appearance at the Download Festival in Donington during 2005. 
Their first, and only, single "This Is Not A Bruise", was recorded and produced by Pedro Ferreira (Tokyo Dragons, The Darkness). The video for the song aired on video on Kerrang! TV, reaching number 13 on the UK Rock Chart.
The band broke up in October 2005, after a short regional tour with Reuben and Fighting with Wire.
Band members.
Daveit Ferris.
Since the breakup of Mascara Story, Ferris formed further bands, Recorded Six Solo albums, an EP and Released Eight books of Original Poetry. He is the founder and creator of Heartfuse - a creative media company.
Sean Keddy.
Since the break-up of Mascara Story, bassist Keddy has undertaken further education and graduated as a graphic designer/illustrator. He designed the cover of the debut release by imadethis, a former musical project of Dickson's.
Jay Dickson.
Since the breakup of Mascara Story drummer has formed further bands.

</doc>
<doc id="20007286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007286" title="Hypothalamic-pituitary hormone">
Hypothalamic-pituitary hormone

Hypothalamic-pituitary hormones refer to a class of hormones that are produced by the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. Although the organs in which they are produced are relatively small, the effects of these hormones cascade throughout the body.
It is possible for the function of these hormones to be altered by physical activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20007306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007306" title="Content (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Content (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Content, also known as the Bowling House, is a historic home located in Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, across the street from the county courthouse. The home is a -story, two-part frame structure built in three stages. The first section, built in 1787, consisted of the present main block, with a stair hall and porch were added ca. 1800. A north wing was added before 1844. Content is one of the oldest buildings remaining in the county seat of Upper Marlboro, along with Kingston and the Buck (James Waldrop) House. Content has always been owned by prominent families in the civic, economic, and social affairs of town, county, and state including the Magruder, Beanes, and Lee families; and the Bowling family of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20007314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007314" title="Decisión unánime">
Decisión unánime

Decisión Unánime is the tenth album of Puerto Rican Salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. The album was released on May 9, 2006. It produced three singles, "Nuestro Amor Se Avuelto Ayer" feat. Yuridia which reached #8 on Billboard Hot Latin Songs and #1 on Billboard Tropical Airplay, "Maldita Suerte" feat. Sin Bandera, and "Nunca Había llorado así" feat. Don Omar. The album was certified Disco Platino by the RIAA for shipments of 200,000 units in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20007346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007346" title="Kokorina">
Kokorina

Kokorina is a village in East Mostar municipality, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20007356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007356" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 74">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 74

The 74th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Clearfield County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20007363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007363" title="Kamena">
Kamena

Kamena is a village in East Mostar municipality, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20007375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007375" title="Count of Miranda do Corvo">
Count of Miranda do Corvo

Count of Miranda do Corvo (in Portuguese "Conde de Miranda do Corvo") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, dated from March 21, 1611, by King Philip II of Portugal, also known as Philip III of Spain, and granted to "Dom" Henrique de Sousa Tavares.
Henrique was 26th Lord of the House of Sousa, Lord of Miranda do Corvo and "Alcaide" (Mayor) of Arronches.
The Prince Regent Pedro, Duke of Beja, on behalf of King Afonso VI of Portugal, granted the new title of Marquis of Arronches (in Portuguese "Marquês de Arronches") by a royal decree dated from June 27, 1674 to Henrique de Sousa Tavares, who was already 3rd Count of Miranda do Corvo.
On May 13, 1796, a royal decree issued by Queen Maria I of Portugal, upgraded the title of Count of Miranda do Corvo to Duke of Miranda do Corvo (in Portuguese "Duque de Miranda do Corvo"), who should be beard by the Duke of Lafões heir during his father's life.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. II, pages 322/324 and 747/748. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20007383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007383" title="1959–60 Greek Cup">
1959–60 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1959–60 was the 18th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, replayed at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium, Piraeus on 11 September 1960, because of the previous match (7 August) draw. The match was contested by Olympiacos and Panathinaikos, with Olympiacos taking the title 3–0.
Final.
The 18th Greek Cup Final was played at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens and replayed at the Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium, Piraeus.

</doc>
<doc id="20007384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007384" title="Nigel Davies (historian)">
Nigel Davies (historian)

Dr. Claude Nigel Byam Davies (2 September 1920 – 25 September 2004), known as Nigel Davies, was a British anthropologist and historian who specialised in the study of the cultures of pre-Columbian America, publishing 12 academic works on the Aztec, Inca and Toltec societies. In addition to his academic work, Davies also served with the Grenadier Guards during the Second World War, briefly sat as an MP for Epping and as the managing director of Windowlite Ltd.
Life.
Born in September 1920 to Claude and Nellie Davies, Nigel was educated at Eton College and subsequently at the University of Provence and briefly at the University of Potsdam in Berlin before the outbreak of the Second World War. In 1939 Davies attended the Royal Military College, Sandhurst and graduated the following year, taking a commission as a lieutenant in the Grenadier Guards. During the war, Davies served in the Middle East, Italy and the Balkans, leaving the services after the end of the war in 1946. In the general election of 1950, Davies stood for and won the seat of Epping as a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party. A year later he gave up the seat, refusing to stand in the general election of 1951 at which the constituency was won by Conservative candidate Graeme Bell Finlay.
Davies subsequently entered academia, achieving a ph.D. in archaeology and studying at University College London and the Universidad Autonoma de Mexico. He made a lifelong study of the ancient civilisations of the Americas, concurrently with his role as the managing director of Windowlite Ltd. Among Davies works are books on the Aztec civilisation, the Incas of South America and in particular the Toltecs, the pre-Aztec people of Central Mexico. His works were well received and are now standard references. Davies never married and later retired to live in Tijuana, dying in September 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20007413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007413" title="General Motors 90° V6 engine">
General Motors 90° V6 engine

The Chevrolet 90° V6 family of engines began in 1978 with the Chevrolet 200 cid (3.3 L) V6 as the base engine for the all new 1978 Chevrolet Malibu. This engine family is still produced today, as the 4.3 L V6 engine used in Chevrolet and GMC trucks and vans.
These engines have a 90° vee block with 12 valves activated by a pushrod valvetrain. All engines have cast iron blocks and cylinder heads. The engines are based on the Chevrolet Small-Block engine, and the V6 is formed by the removal of the #3 and #6 cylinders. The V6s share the same 4.4-inch bore spacing and 9.025-inch deck height as the V8 engines. Many parts are interchangeable between the 90° V6 and the small block V8 including valvetrain components, bearings, piston assemblies, lubrication and cooling system components, and external accessories. The 90-degree V6 engine uses the same transmission bellhousing pattern as the Chevrolet small-block V8 engine. The oil pan dipstick is located on the passenger side above the oil pan rail; this design was phased in on both the V6-90 and Small Block Chevrolet assembly lines sharing the same casting dies. All the engines use a 1-6-5-4-3-2 firing order. The engines in this family are longitudinal engines, and have been used in rear-wheel drive cars and trucks, industrial, and marine applications. As of 2012, the Chevrolet 90° V6 is currently produced at the GM Powertrain Division plant in Romulus, Michigan.
3.3L (200 CID).
Introduced in 1978, the 200 cid replaced the larger 250 cid as the base engine for Chevrolet's new downsized intermediate line. The 200 cid used a unique 3.5-inch bore and a 3.48-inch stroke (the Chevrolet 305 cid and 350 cid V8 engines shared the same stroke dimension). These bore and stroke dimensions were later used by the 267 cid V8 Chevrolet engine. Also like the small block V8 engines, the 200 cid V6 used 2.45-inch main bearings and 2.10-inch rod bearing diameters.
Being a 90-degree V6, Chevrolet took steps to eliminate the rough running tendencies of the 200. The crankshaft has each of its connecting rod throws offset by 18 degrees for each pair of rods. This required the connecting rods to have 0.050-inch narrower ends as well as a thrust bearing to be installed between each pair of rods. However, the connecting rods were still the same 5.7-inch length as most other small-block Chevrolet V8 engines. This produced an engine with a semi-even fire sequence of 132 degrees/108 degrees.
The 200 cid V6 was only produced for 1978 and 1979. It was available only with a 2-barrel carburetor. In 1978, the 200 cid used the Rochester 2GC carburetor and in 1979 it used a Rochester Dualjet carburetor. The smaller Dualjet carburetor caused a slight decrease in power.
3.8L (229 CID).
The 229 cid (3,751 cc) engine was first introduced for the 1980 model year. This engine replaced the 250 cid in full-size Chevrolets and Camaros as the new base V6. Additionally, the intermediate Chevrolet Malibu and Monte Carlo also used the 229 cid as a replacement for both the 200 cid V6, and the 231 cid Buick V6. Both the Buick V6 and the 229 cid Chevrolet V6 are 90-degree V6 engines, and both are often referred to as the 3.8L V6. These engines should not be confused as being the same, and are completely unique engine designs.
The 229 cid has a 3.736-inch bore and a 3.48-inch stroke, identical to the Chevrolet 305 cid V8 engine. The 229 cid used the same 2.45-inch main bearing and 2.10-inch rod bearing diameters as the 200 cid V6 engine. Also like the 200 cid V6, the 229 cid used the same crankshaft with the 18-degree offset throws and the same 5.7-inch connecting rods with 0.050-inch narrowed ends. It came equipped with 1.84-inch intake valves and 1.50-inch exhaust valves. The 229 cid V6 was only equipped with a 2-barrel carburetor. For 1980 the 229 cid used a mechanical Dualjet. From 1981 to 1984 the electronic Dualjet was used along with the GM's CCC (Computer Command Control) system. The 229 cid was rated between 110 and .
4.3L (262 CID).
The 4.3L (262 cid) V6 is the last and most successful engine in the Chevrolet 90-degree V6 engine family. This engine was introduced in 1985 as a replacement for the 229 cid V6 in the full-size Chevrolet, the Chevrolet El Camino and Monte Carlo. It also replaced the 250 cid in the Chevrolet full-size trucks and full-size vans (including the mid-sized Astro) as the new base six-cylinder engine.
The 4.3L V6 has a 4.00-inch bore and a 3.48-inch stroke, identical to the 350 cid Chevrolet V8 engine. To create a true even fire engine, Chevrolet produced a crankshaft with 30-degree offsets between each rod pin. Consequentially, rod journals were increased to a larger 2.25 inches. The connecting rods used on the 4.3L are therefore unique to this engine, being 5.7 inches in length, but having the larger 2.25-inch journals. The 4.3L also used larger valves than the 229 cid V6, with a 1.94-inch intake valve and a 1.50-inch exhaust valve.
In 1986 and 1987, the 4.3L engine saw engine design upgrades similar to the Chevrolet small block V8. In 1986, the rear main crankshaft oil seal was changed from a two piece to a one piece seal. Some 1985 model year vehicles would have a 1986 engine due to service replacement - cylinder blocks were shipped with oil pans. 1987 saw new center bolt valve covers and hydraulic roller lifters.
For the 1992 model year, the 4.3L had its block design modified to allow a balance shaft to be installed. Even though the 4.3L is an even fire V6, the 90-degree block layout is not ideal for smoothness. The balance shaft on the 4.3L is installed above the top timing gear, and runs through the top of the lifter valley. It is gear driven off the timing chain, and therefore a new timing chain cover was designed for these balanced 4.3L V6s.
As of the 2013 model year, the 4.3L is still in production although the distributor was eliminated in the late 2000s where a coil-on-plug ignition system was phased in. The only vehicles using the 4.3L are the GMT900 light duty trucks and vans. Commencing with the 2014 model year, a new LV3 EcoTec3 4300 based on the GEN V (LT1) Small Block Chevrolet will become the new base motor for the next generation Chevrolet Silverado/GMC Sierra light duty trucks and will be phased in throughout the rest of the truck/van line after the 2015 model year, which will signal an end to a design dating back to 1955. Like its small block V8 counterparts, GM Powertrain also sells the motor for marine and industrial applications.
LB1 and LB4.
In 1985, the 4.3L was either equipped with throttle-body fuel injection, RPO LB4 or a Rochester Quadrajet 4-Barrel carburetor, RPO LB1. The Chevrolet full-size sedans and the Chevrolet El Camino used the LB4 rated at . Pick-ups and Vans used the LB1 version rated at . The LB1 used in trucks and vans was referred to as Vortec in Chevrolet literature (named after a combustion chamber design known as a swirl port which twists the fuel mix from the intake ports as introduced on the Cavalier 2.0L motor), and this name continued to be used with all truck and van 4.3L V6s until present day.
In 1986, the 4.3L engine used in the Chevrolet Caprice and El Camino saw an increase in power to . This engine remained unchanged until 1990 when it was last used in taxi and Police Chevrolet Caprices. In 1986 the Chevrolet Astro and GMC Safari vans used the fuel-injected LB4 instead of the LB1. In 1987, the Chevrolet full size pick-ups and full-size vans were upgraded to use the LB4 throttle-body injection version of the 4.3L. From 1987 onwards LB4s output was for pickups, while full-size vans were rated at . In 1988 the S-series trucks and S-Blazer and Jimmys had the LB4 4.3L as an available option (the accessory drive was upgraded to a serpentine belt drive), which later replaced the 2.8 as the base V6. The LB4 continued until 1996 with minor variations in power, but without any major change. While a majority of LB4s did not have a balance shaft, some 1994 model year engines may have a balance shaft since production of the cylinder block used on the L35 was phased in for both induction systems. The 1994 model year was the final time a non-balance shaft cylinder block was used; production 1995 TBI engines were all balance shaft engines.
Legend
LU2.
For the 1990–1991 model years a high-output 4.3L V6 was an available option for the Chevrolet Astro and GMC Safari vans. The LU2 used unique hypereutectic, strutless pistons and a more aggressive camshaft. Like the LB4, the LU2 used throttle-body fuel injection, but was rated at and of torque. This engine was replaced in 1992 with the L35.
Legend
L35 CPI.
1992 introduced a new version of the 4.3L, the L35. This version of the 4.3L was equipped with CPI (Central Port Fuel Injection). This system had one centrally located fuel injector to distribute fuel to six hoses each with a poppet valve to each of the intake ports. This system allowed for a multi-point injection, using one injector. The fuel injection was a batch fire system and used a two piece cast aluminum dual-plenum manifold. This engine was available in S-10 Blazers/Pickups and S15-Jimmys and Astro and Safari vans only. The L35 was rated at and of torque.
The cylinder block was redesigned for use with a balance shaft.
Legend
L35 and LF6 SCPI.
Major design changes to the 4.3L V6 for the 1996 model year. Like other small block Chevrolet V8s, the 4.3L engine received redesigned heads which had improved airflow and combustion efficiency. These heads are referred to as Vortec heads. Furthermore the 4.3L was upgraded to receive sequential port fuel injection. The fuel system uses six centrally mounted injectors firing into six nylon hoses with poppet valves leading to each intake port. This system was call SCPI (Sequential Central Port Injection). This 4.3L used a two piece manifold, with the upper half manufactured from a composite plastic and the lower half manufactured from cast aluminum.
The engine block was revised with structural reinforcing ribs up front eliminating the two freeze plugs (on the front and back) along with an alloy oil pan (for the S10, Blazer, and Jimmy).
This engine came in two versions, the LF6 rated at - , and the L35 rated at 180 - . Only the S-series pick-ups used the LF6, while the full-size trucks, vans and Blazer and Jimmy used the L35 version. The L35 was optional on the S-Series trucks.
Legend
LU3 and LG3 MPFI.
2002 saw major changes to the 4.3L fuel-injection system. For 2002 California emission Chevrolet Astros, GMC Safaris, Chevrolet Silverados and GMC Sierras all came equipped with the updated LU3 4.3L. 2003 saw the L35 discontinued and the LU3 replacing it in all other applications. A new variation was also introduced in 2003, the LG3. For 2004 to 2009 the LU3 has been the only 4.3L produced.
The biggest change to the LU3 and LG3 was the fuel-injection system. These engines used a multipoint fuel-injection system, with six Multec II fuel injectors mounted at each intake port on the manifold. The composite upper intake manifold and cast aluminum lower intake from the L35 engine is also used on the LU3. The LG3 uses a cast aluminum upper intake and a cast iron lower intake.
The LU3 also received a quiet cam to help reduce vibration at both idle and high engine speeds. This camshaft used the same lift and duration as the older design, but the cam was reprofiled to keep the valve lifters in full contact with the cam lobes as the cam ramps down.
Turbocharged LB4 4.3L V6.
In 1991 GMC introduced the GMC Syclone limited edition truck that used a turbocharged 4.3L V6. This engine used a Mitsubishi TD06-17C turbocharger, Garrett Water/Air intercooler and electronic multi-point fuel injection. Although GM made these modifications to the engine, it was still referred to with the RPO LB4 code. The majority of the naturally aspirated LB4's long-block was shared with the turbo version. However, the vehicles that used the 4.3L turbo engine also included RPO code ZR9. Internal engine upgrades included nodular iron main bearing caps, graphite composite head gaskets with stainless steel flanges and hypereutectic pistons which lowered the engine compression to 8.35:1. A unique intake manifold that used the twin-bore throttle body from the 5.7L TPI Corvette engine was used on the engine's top end.
The Turbocharged 4.3L was last used in the GMC Typhoon in the 1993 model year. The engine produced @ 4400 rpm and of torque @ 3600 rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="20007433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007433" title="1964 Gillette Cup">
1964 Gillette Cup

The 1964 Gillette Cup was the second Gillette Cup, an English limited overs county cricket tournament. It was held between 25 April and 5 September 1964, and was won by the defending champions Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="20007449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007449" title="Michael DeBatt">
Michael DeBatt

Michael "Mickey" DeBatt (pronounced "Di-Bat"; c. 1949 – November 2, 1987) was a reputed Gambino crime family mob associate who was involved in the gangland slaying of drug trafficker Frank Fiala.
Biography.
DeBatt was born to first generation Calabrian emigrant Mackie DeBatt in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn who grew up in the same neighborhood as future friends and criminal associates Sammy Gravano and Frank DeCicco. He had one sister named Rosanna DeBatt-Massa. He was very close to his sister over the years. Mackie is perceived to have been a "connected guy" with the Gambino crime family but never officially inducted into the organization. He performed various tasks for Sammy Gravano and others throughout the 1950s and 1960s. Mackie was the successful owner of Tali's Restaurant and Lounge located at 6205 18th Avenue in Gravesend, Brooklyn. It is also suggested that his father Mackie suffered from the psychological disorder of being a pathological gambling addict. DeBatt did not inherit his father's gambling addiction. Although he had a steady source of legitimate income from his restaurant, he became indebted to many loansharks and bookmakers around Brooklyn. It is also shown that Mackie was able to afford to pay for his son's tuition and send him off to university. After his death the mobsters started to threaten and muscle his wife to settle his outstanding debts. Although his father did not want his son to become involved in organized crime, DeBatt became a close childhood friend and acquaintance of budding Gambino crime family mob associate Nicholas Mormando, with whom he became involved in joint ventures after returning from his failed studies at Wake Forest University. Close friend, mob wife Lynda Milito, the widow of murdered Gambino crime family mobster Liborio Milito said in her biography, "Michael DeBatt wasn't being allowed to earn with Sammy. So Louis Milito took Mike under his wing and made him a bouncer at The Plaza Suite. He was a lost soul after the death of his father... He told everyone he was taking over the bar out of the kindness in his heart for the family, because of the debts and by taking over he was wiping out the debts." He later worked at a short-lived restaurant called The Golden Gate Restaurant on Knapp Street in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn as a maître d', a restaurant owned by Sammy Gravano and Louis Milito.
DeBatt was a huge and intimidating man. His life remained financially unstable, along with Sammy Gravano's until he took over ownership of his father's restaurant and settled his late father's loanshark and bookmaker debts. Sammy Gravano later said, "For one week he (himself) would be flush with cash, but two weeks later he would be broke. He never saved any money. He shopped for clothes, picked up tabs at restaurants and night clubs, handed out huge tips and dined on champagne and filet mignon at the Copacabana. Sammy later said of himself, Michael and his young aspring mob associates, "Fucking kids, all dressed up like jerk-offs, running around, doing a little gambling, doing a little this and that "and then broke again and it's "macaroni and ricotta at home or spaghetti, past e olio, with the oil and garlic."
In the 1970s, DeBatt married an Italian-American woman after returning from university. They had a daughter in 1983. He moved into a home and lived with his wife and daughter at 1774 58th Street, not far from his restaurant and lounge, which he still operated. In 2001, when Sammy Gravano was brought to trial for being the ringleader of an ecstasy trafficking ring, his sister showed up in Federal District Court and told reporters, "I wanted to give him a little agita" and "I'm happy to see him in jail clothes. Anything he gets is a plus. It's better than the five years he got."
His father Mackie was a close friend of Sammy Gravano and Gambino crime family mob associate who became indebted to loansharks and bookmakers including and Sammy Gravano. Mackie died in December 1981 of natural causes leaving his wife, his son Michael and daughter Rosanna under financial strain and heavily indebted. His son Michael later stood up for his family and confronted the loansharks and bookmakers to protect his elderly mother and took on the sole responsibility of handling his late father's debts. Michael DeBatt's mother approached Sammy Gravano and pleaded with him, "Sammy, please help us." His father's friend and later personal mentor, became involved in the DeBatt family financial affairs at that point. He got rid of the threatening loansharks and bookmakers. He took over Mackie's bar to help settle the debt that DeBatt still had outstanding with himself. Along with working at Tali's Restaurant and Lounge he worked as a bouncer at Sammy Gravano's classy nightclub, the Plaza Suite throughout the 1970s to 1985 when The Plaza Suite closed. Eventually with the help of Sammy Gravano and working on his own criminal endeavours, DeBatt was able to settle his father's outstanding debts to the loansharks and bookmakers.He closed the bar down and remodelled before opening it up as his own with Michael as the "front man" and manager of the lease. 
Michael DeBatt later became a habitué of Sammy Gravano's other after-hours club, the Bus Stop also located in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. He became a protégé of Gravano's along with Joseph (Stymie) D'Angelo Sr.'s son, Joseph Jr.
Varsity football career.
DeBatt's physical stature, endurance and strength earned him the reputation as an excellent athlete. During high school he was a varsity football player who showed tremendous skill on the field in high school. Unlike many of his criminal associates he successfully graduated from high school and had been awarded an athletic scholarship to Wake Forest University in North Carolina to play for the Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team. The Wake Forest Demon Deacons is a NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. While at the university he was trained and coached by Chuck Mills. It seemed that DeBatt would pursue a career as a professional athlete and not become involved in organized crime like his father. 
He successfully played on the team for a while as a linebacker but eventually left before earning his certificate or diploma and returned to New York City where he pursued a life as a career criminal in organized crime like his father had. It is unknown why he left Wake Forest University, whether it was from financial, academic or behavioral issues. He never discussed his failed university education among his criminal associates. It is unknown what field of study Michael had interest in pursuing at the university. As an avid football fan he would attend the minor league football games played by Frank Gotti, the son of Gambino crime family boss John Gotti along with Junior Gotti, Victoria Gotti and Peter Gotti.
Married life and fatherhood.
DeBatt married an Italian-American woman from the neighborhood in the 1970s after returning from his failed tenure at Wake Forest University. His wife bore him a daughter in 1984. He moved into a home and lived with his wife and daughter home at 1774 58th Street, not far from his restaurant and lounge which he still operated. In 1985 his marriage and Tali's Restaurant and Lounge began to suffer after DeBatt became addicted to cocaine and later crack cocaine. From the potent narcotic he fell into a paranoid schizoid state and did not want to go to work anymore. It is unknown if his wife knew about his addiction to cocaine and crack. He suffered from delusions that people were after him and he began to fear for his life and suffer from agoraphobia and hardly left his house at 1774 58th Street. At the trial of Sammy Gravano in 2003 his wife was too distraught to attend, along with her daughter.
Cocaine and crack addiction.
Like his friend Nicholas Mormando, DeBatt became addicted to crack cocaine sometime during the Crack epidemic in 1984. He suffered from a paranoid psychosis brought on by the effects of the drugs. Gravano later surmised that his friend Nicholas Mormando got DeBatt addicted to the potent narcotic. He later became involved in murder and committing robberies to support his habit. He became estranged from his wife and children. Gravano later said, "He went crazy. He didn't come down for days. And when he does, he's sweating, he's all jumpy. His wife came to me (Gravano) crying, "I don't know what happened to him. He sits in the house behind a window with the blinds down, and he's got a rifle." She also stated that he told her, "If they come, I'm gonna battle it out." While Sammy Gravano and his crew did not approve of drug use, they did not have problems channeling the tasks of dealing to associates. It is unknown exactly who supplied Michael, or if it was Nicholas Mormando.
Career as a restaurateur.
After his father died in 1981 he focused entirely on working on the restaurant business, taking over ownership management of his father's restaurant and working as the night-shift bartender. The restaurant would provide him with a legal means of income and keep him out of the public eye and being scrutinized by the Internal Revenue Service for his illicit gains as a criminal. Tali's eventually became the main criminal headquarters for rising Gambino crime family capo Sammy Gravano in the mid-1970s until DeBatt's murder. After his murder, his sister sold the family's business. While the restaurant served as a meeting place and headquarters for the crew of then-capo Sammy Gravano and his associates, no murders were performed on the premises. In 1985 Tali's Restaurant and Lounge began to suffer after DeBatt started using drugs. He began to suffer from delusions that people were after him and began to fear for his life, always keeping a gun on him. To support his habit he began pulling home invasions. While this was well known to Sammy Gravano and fellow criminal associates he was never arrested or convicted of burglary.
The slaying of Frank Fiala.
Frank Fiala was a drug trafficker and a powerful and wealthy Gambino crime family associate. He is not to be mistaken as a relative of Gambino crime family capo James Failla. He wanted to rent out The Plaza Suite to throw himself a birthday party. Fiala started to act very strange and unstable. He took DeBatt and other Plaza Suite employees on rides on his private Lear jet. He was in the nightclub all the time, consuming cocaine in large quantities and handing out bags of cocaine to patrons of the club. 
At one point in time, DeBatt confronted Fiala who at the time was armed with an Uzi submachine gun and told him calmly and politely that there were no firearms allowed inside the nightclub. Later to keep a close observation of Fiala, Gravano told DeBatt to keep a close eye on him. He told DeBatt to get closer to Fiala and told him that he wanted to continue working as a bouncer after Fiala purchased the Plaza Suite, and told him Gravano always underpaid him. Fiala later told DeBatt in confidence, "Fuck this Sammy. Fuck this punk. When I take over, I'm doing this, that." After Fiala waved an Uzi at Gravano, Sammy was so enraged that he wanted him murdered immediately on June 27, 1982. He instructed Edward Garafola to round up Joseph D'Angelo, Liborio (Louie) Milito, Joseph Paruta, Thomas (Huck) Carbonaro, Nicholas Mormando and himself and rendezvous at D'Angelo's bar, Doc's. Sammy stationed his fellow associates in locations outside The Plaza Suite ready to ambush Fiala. To not arouse suspicion from Fiala or anyone in his group of partiers, DeBatt stayed positioned at the front door of the club maintaining the ruse of being a bouncer. At a prearranged signal from DeBatt, Joseph D'Angelo and Louis Milito leaped out from where they sat in a parked car at the corner around from the club on 86th Street and shot him. As Louis and Joseph D'Angelo heard Sammy Gravano call out his name, they ran out of the alley shooting. After the shooting, pandemonium broke out on the street. Some people were trying to get off the street and back into the disco in fear of being shot. DeBatt stood by the door and acted like he was one of the panicking party goers yelling, "Get down! Get down! Somebody's shooting". He held the door shut so nobody could get in or out of the Plaza Suite. 
When interviewed by homicide detectives DeBatt told them that he did not know who owned the Plaza Suite and had never seen or met the owners in person. Gravano congratulated DeBatt, his friend Nicholas Mormando and the others on a "beautiful piece of work." Since this was not a sanctioned murder by their boss Paul Castellano, it could not go down that Mormando could be eligible to become a "made man" in the Gambino crime family for his involvement. He was never indicted or convicted for being accessory to the murder of Frank Fiala. After the murder of Fiala, Castellano was angry. He had DeBatt, Mormando and the others stay up at his New Jersey farm to lie low. After hearing the news that Castellano might order their executions over the unsanctioned murder, when given the chance by Sammy to leave, DeBatt and the others all said, "Sammy, we'll load up. We're ready." This shows that Michael displayed extreme devotion in following Gravano even when his own life was threatened.
The murder of Fiala was never solved until Sammy Gravano became a stool pigeon and testified in court on the murder during the trial of John Gotti.
The murder of Nicholas Mormando.
Sammy Gravano would later say about DeBatt's childhood friend and acquantance, Nicholas Mormando: 
DeBatt continued to serve in the crew of Sammy Gravano after Mormando's murder. He continued to work with his friend's executioners until his own murder in 1987. It is thought that he was so far plagued by the effects of consuming copious amounts of cocaine and crack cocaine that he did not care.
Falling out with Gravano crew and murder.
Regarding the pinnacle of DeBatts drug addictions Sammy stated:
So nobody would think that it was related to the Gambino crime family or any organized crime matter. After a Mafia-family wedding, Michael had gone back to Tali's with Thomas Carbonaro and Eddie Garafola, expecting the wedding party to join them as usual. "But the only ones who went back there were four murderers", says his sister Rosanna. Thomas (Huck) Carbonaro shot Michael while he was stationed behind the bar counter at Tali's. He was shot several times in the head and neck with a handgun on November 3, 1987. He left behind a wife and several children. Michael's lifeless body was found face up on the floor in front of the restaurant's juke box by the night shift manager who was coming in to work. His pockets were emptied, his jewellery removed and the cash register cleaned out. Police investigators stated that while DeBatt had no criminal record, he was reputed to have associated with members of the Gambino crime family. Sammy's brother-in-law Eddie Garafola and Louis Vallario were present when the murder was fulfilled. Gravano waited at The Brown Derby, in Brooklyn with John Gotti when Edward came in and advised them both that the murder of Michael DeBatt had been carried out.
His murder remained unsolved until Sammy Gravano agreed to become a stool pigeon and testify against John Gotti to avoid prosecution for numerous crimes. He was the thirteenth victim of nineteen that Gravano confessed to the authorities of having orchestrated their murder or personally carried it out. Later, in 1995 Gravano's close friend and criminal associate Joseph (Stymie) D'Angelo, who helped DeBatt murder Frank Faila would be murdered in the same restaurant. Before the murder of DeBatt, Gravano arranged to have Nicholas (Nicky Boy) Mormando murdered for the same reasons. He had become heavily addicted to crack cocaine among other things, and was a liability to become a stool pigeon like DeBatt. In fifteen years since the murder of Michael, no one has been formally charged with the murder. He is survived by a wife and daughter who was four years old at the time of his death.
Wrongful death suit.
In November 1998, a wrongful death suit was filed by the surviving relatives of Michael, Nicholas Mormando, and Joseph Colucci. According to court documents Sammy Gravano admitted to playing a direct or indirect role in their murders in the plea agreement that he made with the government when agreeing to become a stool pigeon. Along with Gravano, DeBatt's family and the others filed suits against the author of his autobiography Peter Maas, Maas' literary agency I.C.M., the publisher of the autobiography, Harper Collins, and 20th Century Fox that was allegedly preparing a film adaptation of the book. In the complaint it stated that the plaintiffs were seeking, ""monetary and punitive damages from all defendants for their intentional failure to comply with New York's Son of Sam Law... and their deliberate scheme to circumvent same." Previously during the spring of 1997, the State Crime Victims Board and State Attorney General Dennis Vacco launched a similar lawsuit against Sammy Gravano and many of the same co-defendants during their criminal trial.
Reputed haunted murder location.
Tali's Restaurant and Lounge, later went under new management and became Danza's. The bullet marks left from the DeBatt and D'Angelo gangland slaying still remain in the restaurant's brick wall as of 2008. In the March 10, 2002 issue of "The New York Post", it was reported that the current restaurant owners and staff have witnessed figures seated at tables or heading down to the restaurant's basement, but then the mysterious figures vanish. These are allegedly the ghosts of DeBatt and Joseph D'Angelo. They also report hearing voices and the sound of a chainsaw. They say they can smell foul odors and they had the feeling that they were being watched by someone. A cousin of the current restaurant owner, Angela Perrone stated, "The place is definitely haunted. There's a creepiness, as if someone's always watching you. It's a sinister energy." 
Perrone called in Frances Bennett, a parapsychologist. She conducted interviews with all the staff, and set up infrared video cameras, tape recorders and an electro-magnetic field meter for four hours to observe these mysterious happenings. Bennett said her probe recorded voices of the dead, repeating the name "Mike" and saying, "I'll kill you." A man's face reflected in glass at the bar and another image seen at the entrance, an apparition of a man crouched down near the bar, and orbs of light said to be "a sign of individual spirits" moving around the restaurant along with tablecloths fluffing up and dropping back down on their own. Roseanne Massa has told reporters that she believes her brother may be haunting Danza's because Gravano spent less than five years in jail after confessing to orchestrating his gangland execution and eighteen others as part of a deal with federal prosecutors for testifying against Gambino crime family mob boss John Gotti. But this clearly outrageous medieval nonsense.
In popular culture.
Michael DeBatt and the gangland slaying of DeBatt are mentioned briefly in the made for television HBO movie "Gotti", but DeBatt is never actually seen in the film.
In the NBC miniseries "Witness to the Mob" Mickey DeBatt is portrayed by actor Vincent Pastore. In this movie they do not show his relationship with Nicholas Mormando.

</doc>
<doc id="20007494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007494" title="List of Dark Horse Comics publications">
List of Dark Horse Comics publications

Dark Horse Comics is an American comic book company. These are the ongoing and current limited series publications it has released under its own brand.
Comics published through their various imprints appear on the List of Dark Horse Comics imprint publications; and reprints appear on the List of Dark Horse Comics reprints.

</doc>
<doc id="20007497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007497" title="Colalife">
Colalife

ColaLife is an independent non-profit organisation, that became a registered charity on 21 June 2011 (charity number 1142516). ColaLife is working to leverage the distribution network of The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC) to get simple medicines, such as rehydration salts, and information on how to use them, to the most remote areas in developing countries.
ColaLife seeks to work with governments, businesses, NGOs and communities to bring about social change. The organisation is not affiliated to The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC) or any other organisation and its work with others does not imply an endorsement of any product or brand.
History.
1988 - 2008.
In 1988, Simon Berry was working on the British Aid Programme in NE Zambia, conscious that while he could buy a bottle of Coke anywhere, one in every five children under the age of five died in these areas through simple causes such as dehydration through diarrhea. So he had the idea that Coca-Cola’s distribution muscle could be used to distribute oral rehydration salts in developing countries. At that time, with only a telex machine available, he struggled to get any attention for his idea.
2008 until today.
In 2008 Coca-Cola’s participation at the Business Call To Action event re-kindled the idea. The active work for ColaLife was started with a first blog post in the founder’s personal Blog. This Blog post did not attract Coca-Cola’s attention, so Berry decided to try to get the idea debated on the BBC Radio 4 programme, iPM.
In-parallel, first attempts to communicate with Coca-Cola failed, because it was not possible to get past the first line in Coca-Cola’s CSR department. Social media technologies such as Facebook, Flickr and Twitter, helped get more people behind the idea quickly.
On May 21, 2008, Berry was interviewed by Eddie Mair for the iPM Programme. The interview was featured on May 24. Three days before the broadcast, the iPM team received a written statement from Coca-Cola’s then Global Director for Stakeholder Relations, Salvatore Gabola, that he would "be happy to have a chat on this subject with Simon in the near future". Eddie Mair coined the term Aidpod in his interview with Simon Berry broadcast on 27.12.2008.
This was the start of an ongoing relationship between the ColaLife campaign and TCCC. Since this first contact with TCCC and the first report about ColaLife on the BBC, the campaign has won supporters from all around the world. In 2010, Simon Berry and his wife Jane decided to work full-time for ColaLife to move it from a campaign into an implementation phase.
Virtual advisory board.
ColaLife is recruiting high profile members to its Virtual Advisory Board, to lend expertise, credence and contacts. Current members are:
Concept.
The ColaLife concept is based on three facts:
ColaLife aims to use Coca-Cola’s and other companies’ distribution channels, which offer deep, local penetration in developing countries, to save lives, particularly children’s, to improve supply chains for health products, especially for the so-called Last Mile.
The AidPod concept proposes filling unused space between crated bottles, to carry social products such as oral rehydration salts, vitamin A, water purification tablets and other locally determined items to remote areas. An AidPod is a wedge-shaped container that fits inside the unused space between the necks of the bottles in a crate of Coca-Cola.
To be sustainable, ColaLife proposes models where local micro-enterprises, which make money out of collecting, distributing and selling crates of Coca-Cola, can also make money by delivering Aidpods. In practice, an SMS-based system could be implemented to:

</doc>
<doc id="20007519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007519" title="Johannes Böttner">
Johannes Böttner

Johannes Böttner (b September 3, 1861 in Greußen, Germany - d April 28, 1919 in Frankfurt (Oder)) was a German horticulturist.
He created new cultivars of roses ("Natalie Böttner", "Frankfurt" and "Fragezeichen") and vegetables: asparagus ("Böttners Riesen"), strawberries ("Flandern", "Deutsch-Evern" and "Sieger") and rhubarb ("Böttners Treibsalat"). 

</doc>
<doc id="20007534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007534" title="The Imposter (short story)">
The Imposter (short story)

"The Imposter" is a short story written by Nathanael West in the early 1930s; it was not published in West's lifetime and first appeared in "The New Yorker" on June 2, 1997 and in the Library of America edition of West's collected work: "Novels & Other Writings". The story, told by a struggling writer and set among the expatriate community in 1920s Paris, deals with a failed sculptor named Beano Walsh, who claims he cannot create his art since the anatomy books are all wrong.
Plot summary.
The narrator, a struggling writer, knows that to be accepted among American expatriates in Paris in the 1920s, he has to exhibit a certain madness. Since all the obvious forms of craziness have become passé, he decides to exaggerate normality: 
He is an instant hit and gets invited to all the parties. At one event he meets Beano Walsh, who worked on a coal barge in the East River before he got a scholarship from Oscar Hahn to study sculpture in Paris. Since the narrator is broke, Beano invites him to live in his studio, which he shares with a Belgian prostitute who was left by the previous tenant. 
Beano constantly fails at drawing, which sends him into a rage, until he decides to work straight from marble, but fails at that too, smashing a whole truckload in frustration. He studies many anatomy books, but is unable to replicate the images and so destroys them and goes on a binge. An impending visit by one of Hahn's scouts to check on Beano's progress troubles him and he resolves to present an explanation for his inability to create: he argues all the anatomy books are wrong because they all used models that were five foot ten or less, while the ideal modern man is six feet tall. Beano's solution is to create a new book, and he begins frequenting the morgue in search of a perfect model. 
One night, as the narrator and three friends sit among the Americans at the Dome, Beano pulls up in a cab and excitedly tells them he has found his perfect specimen, the corpse of a sailor, which he has brought with him, wrapped in brown paper. The group goes up to the cab to look and are repulsed while Beano boasts loudly, causing a crowd to gather, and tears at the paper until the body is naked. A woman trying to get into the cab sees the corpse and screams, causing policemen to come over. Beano knocks one of the policemen into the gutter and is taken away with the corpse, with the narrator and their friends in tow. At the station Beano is brought before a magistrate and claims he was defending his property, refusing to be separated from the corpse and claiming that to do so would impede the progress of art. The magistrate is amused and says that he, like all the French, loves art and would not stand in its way, and sends Beano to his cell with the corpse. He also instructs the narrator to inform Hahn's agent, and send drawing paper. The narrator calls the agent who promises to bring a French lawyer to the trial. 
A crowd gathers for the trial, and the narrator accompanies the turnkey and a few others to fetch Beano. At first they don't see anyone in the cell, and the turnkey sounds the alarm. They find the corpse torn and broken, with one arm skinned, lying on a bench and the floor covered with Beano's crude drawings of the arm. They finally find Beano huddled under the bench with his face to the wall. He won't move or speak and the turnkey and cops have to drag him out. The narrator thinks Beano winks at him, but isn't sure.
Beano isn't arraigned and sent to a hospital in the country by Hahn's agent. The narrator visits him a week later, but can't get him to speak, and goes to the doctor in charge to tell him that Beano is only pretending to be crazy to fool the police. 
The doctor says that he thought so at first too, but later decided that Beano is truly insane, but since he knew it all along he was able to control what he showed the outside world, until he finally went too far. On the train back to Paris, the narrator suspects that the doctor himself might be crazy, but later decides he must have been right since Beano is still in an asylum.
Early versions.
The story was discovered among West's papers after his death in two typescript versions. The first is 22 pages long and was originally titled "The Fake," then retitled "L'Affaire Beano"; the second, an incomplete revision of the first version, is 14 pages long and was titled "L'Affaire Beano" before being retitled "The Imposter." The published version is made up of the revised second typescript, with the conclusion from the original typescript.
Links to West's life and other works.
Though West spent a few weeks in Paris in 1926 and met various artists and writers including Max Ernst and Henry Miller, he would later claim that he had in fact lived in poverty there for several years, much like the narrator of this story. The specific "madness" the narrator tries to feign by exaggerating normality is also similar to West's perceived persona while he was a student at Brown University, where he often wore Brooks Brothers suits and was considered a "dandy" by his schoolmates.
The theme of failure, which appears in all of West's novels and seems to infect all of his protagonists, occurs here as well. All of West's characters, including Beano Walsh, fail consistently and regularly, as in the short story "Western Union Boy", where the title implies a certain class of people who cannot help but fail: "What they are doing is failing, mechanically, yet desperately and seriously, they are failing. The mechanical part of it is very important."
The twin themes of art and the deception which may lay at its core link this story to "The Dream Life of Balso Snell", where the title character comes across countless artists and writers, who try to present themselves a certain way but may all be charlatans.

</doc>
<doc id="20007539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007539" title="Mining in New Zealand">
Mining in New Zealand

Mining in New Zealand began when the indigenous Māori quarried rock such as argillite in times prior to European colonisation. Mining by Europeans began in the latter half of the 19th century.
New Zealand has abundant resources of coal, silver, iron ore, limestone and gold. It ranked 22 in the world in terms of iron ore production and 29th in gold production. The total value of mineral production in New Zealand was $1.5 billion in 2006 (excluding oil and gas). The most important metallic minerals produced are gold (10.62 tonnes), silver (27.2 tonnes) and titanomagnetite ironsand (2.15 million tonnes). A 2008 report estimated that the unexploited resources of just seven core minerals (including gold, copper, iron and molybdenum) totalled around $140 billion in worth.
The mining sector makes a significant contribution to the New Zealand economy. In 2004 the value of production from mining (excluding oil and gas) was $1,142 million, or just under 1% of gross domestic product. In 2009 there were 6,800 people employed directly in mining, and 8,000 people, indirectly, flowing from the economic activity of the 6,800. The median wage for a mining employee was $57,320 in 2008, compared to the New Zealand median of $33,530.
In 2010 it was estimated that 0.016% of New Zealand's land area, or 4,000 hectares, was used by the mining industry, mostly for quarries producing mostly aggregate for roading and construction.
The latter decades of the 20th century and into the 21st century saw opposition to mining on environmental grounds. The Crown Minerals Act 1991 is a major piece of legislation relating to mining, and a review of Schedule 4 of the Act provoked considerable controversy late in the first decade of the 2000s.
Coal.
Coal mining produced 4.9 millions tonnes of coal in 2012, of which over 2 million tonnes were exported. New Zealand coal reserves are in excess of 15 billion tonnes, mainly in Waikato, Taranaki, West Coast, Otago and Southland. Over 80% of the reserves are in Southland lignite deposits worth $100 billion. Coal is produced from four underground and 21 opencast mines. The largest coal mining company is Solid Energy, a state-owned enterprise.
Gold.
Prospectors discovered gold in the Coromandel in 1852, sparking the Otago Gold Rush and the West Coast Gold Rush in the 1860s. Gold worth $250M in 2006 was produced from two large hard-rock mines (Martha Mine and Macraes Mine), several medium sized alluvial operations, and a large number of small alluvial mines.
Up to 2003 an estimated 998.71 tonnes of gold had been mined in New Zealand, a little under one percent all the gold mined worldwide. Available figures suggest that to that time a minimum of 312 tonnes had come from the Coromandel, 274 tonnes from the West Coast, and 265 tonnes from Otago. Production peaked in 1866 at some 22.9 tonnes.
Ironsands.
The Waikato North Head ironsand mine was reported to have produced 1.3 million tonnes of ironsand in 2008. The deposit is estimated to contain more than 150 million tonnes.
Environmental issues.
Environmental issues with mining include acid mine drainage and large scale modifications to landscapes. Acid mine drainage from coal mining is a serious problem in New Zealand. It is estimated to adversely affect 125 kilometres of streams mainly in the Buller District of the West Coast Region of the South Island. There has been very little remediation of acid mine drainage. Regulation of AMD has been vague and enforcement is lacking. AMD from mines that were established before the Resource Management Act 1991 has been allowed to continue.
The Tui mine in the Kaimai Range which closed in 1973 is considered one of the worst toxic waste sites in New Zealand and the government has allocated almost $10 million for cleaning up the site. Structural failure of historic underground mine workings have led to subsidence, cracking and collapse on properties in Waihi, a township that has built up around the current open pit. The Stockton Mine on the West Coast of the South Island, has historically been responsible for acid mine drainage in adjoining waterways, and has since built a comprehensive water treatment plant on the Stockton plateau. Stockton poses a threat to some native species, although has carried out significant biodiversity conservation work in the region, and mountaintop removal mining has happened on the site in recent years. Over a one hundred year period Mount Smart in Auckland was mined to such an extent that it is now level with the surrounding land. Several other Auckland volcanoes have suffered a similar fate.
In 2011 arsenic laden soil was discovered in the suburb of Moanataiari in Thames. The area had been reclaimed from the Firth of Thames using mine tailings, mine waste and rubble. Funding from the government was given towards the cost of soil testing.
New frontiers.
Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) is attracting funding in the billions of dollars as part of global efforts to address greenhouse gas emissions. CCS may well have a vital role to play in the portfolio of technologies to be deployed. The New Zealand Government is a partner with the Australian Government in the Cooperative Research Centre for Greenhouse Gas Technologies (CO2CRC) for research to support commercial-scale CCS. However, in the New Zealand context, University of Canterbury researchers authored a 2009 paper on CCS published in the peer-reviewed journal "Energy Policy". The paper considered the permanence of CO2 storage was uncertain and that CCS was unlikely to significantly reduce carbon emissions. The paper concluded that further investment in CCS was seriously questionable as a policy.
Coal Seam Gas (CSG) is a form of natural gas occurring naturally in deep coal seams that could potentially add to New Zealand’s gas supply. Solid Energy New Zealand has been trialling CSG extraction at the Waikato coal fields, for use in electricity generation.
Deep-sea metallic mineral deposits in the Kermadec volcanic arc are attracting research into how they are formed and how they influence the surrounding undersea biodiversity. Mineral-rich fluids coming out of seafloor hot springs contact cold sea water and precipitate out high-grade ore deposits containing gold, copper, lead, zinc, iron, manganese and other metals. In one sense, these are renewable resources because they are constantly being formed. Discovering these deposits is one matter; mining them in an economic and environmentally appropriate way is another. Extraction of these resources is viewed as a long-term prospect. A proposal for the protection of part of the Kermadec volcanoes is being developed by the Pew Environmental Group.
Geothermal energy is experiencing a renaissance in New Zealand. This renewable source of energy could contribute to 20% of New Zealand’s electricity needs after the next decade. Current research led by the GNS Science and the University of Auckland is tipped to enable cheaper geothermal energy, and identify new systems in the Central North Island for development.
Ironsands offshore of New Zealand from Northland south to Whanganui, and off the South Island’s West Coast is estimated to hold some billions of tonnes of titanomagnetite resource. Titanium and vanadium are the main by-products. The resource is in the stage of being prospected and explored, and assessed for its economic potential.
Low-temperature geothermal energy can be used potentially for space heating, hot pools, heat pumps in the home, heating greenhouses and aquaculture. The heat may be sourced from hot spring systems, disused petroleum wells, heated waters in flooded underground coal and mineral mines, heat in underground aquifers, and heat in rocks. Research in this field in New Zealand is led by GNS Science.
Methane hydrates (fire ice) are a crystalline form of methane trapped in water, occurring in deep-water continental shelf sediments in many parts of the world, including New Zealand. This resource may furnish a future source of natural gas. Work is underway in New Zealand to determine economically viable deposits, and technologies for safe extraction. In New Zealand, methane hydrates are found in shallower waters than elsewhere in the world.
Underground coal gasification (UCG) is a way of accessing energy from coal deposits that lie too deep underground or are too dangerous to be mined or are otherwise uneconomic. Air, oxygen or steam is injected at high temperatures, to burn the coal underground. Separate wells are drilled to capture the resulting “coal gas” which is in essence a form of natural gas. When combined with CCS, this offers a low-emissions route to generating electricity from coal.
Opposition.
The Coromandel Watchdog lobby group has been active in lobbying against gold mining on the Coromandel Peninsula since the 1970s. It has recently begun to work against proposals to restart mining in some areas of the Coromandel which have been off-limits to mining for a long time, and has argued that any claim of "surgical" mining operations being possible is farcical, when one realises that even for such mining, roads would have to be built into the areas, ore processing plants constructed, as well as tailings and chemical byproducts of the ore separation process disposed off.
Sand mining from both beaches and the seabed has encountered opposition. Kiwis Against Seabed Mining, an environmental lobby group, formed when plans were revealed for the mining of the seabed off the West Coast of the North Island.
There are numerous coal mines on the West Coast of the South Island. The Cypress Mine, planned for the Westport area, is opposed by the Save Happy Valley Coalition due to effects on landscape values, biodiversity and climate change.
A speech by the Minister for Economic Development Gerry Brownlee to the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy in August 2009 provoked a reaction from environmental groups. In the speech Brownlee announced a review of Schedule 4 of the Crown Minerals Act. The Schedule lists conservation land such as national parks and reserves as off-limits to mining.
Advocacy for the NZ resource sector.
In 2008 a number of mainly gold and coal producing companies in New Zealand set up Straterra, an incorporated society, to provide a collective voice for the NZ resource sector. Staterra's members and affiliates represent 88% of the value of NZ production of all minerals, except oil & gas and geothermal resources. Straterra also works closely with the petroleum sector and has links to the geothermal sector. Straterra participates in government policy processes, carries out government and industry relations, and provides advocacy for the NZ resource sector including via the media.
A key focus for the NZ resource sector is to promote mature, well-informed debate on mineral and energy issues. Straterra believes that properly managed and encouraged the NZ resource sector can make a significant contribution to the New Zealand economy, and can be managed in environmentally responsible ways, with the passing of the Resource Management Act and the Crown Minerals Act in 1991.
Accidents.
In earlier years, coal mining had a high rate of injuries and death, most of them individual deaths. Between just 1900 and 1914 there were 141 men killed, of which 98 were individual deaths.
The largest-scale accidents are:

</doc>
<doc id="20007545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007545" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 75">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 75

The 75th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Clearfield County and all of Elk County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20007569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007569" title="Tuaheni Point">
Tuaheni Point

Tuaheni Point is a promontory on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It marks the northernmost point of Poverty Bay, and is located close to the city of Gisborne. The small settlement of Wainui Beach lies just to the north of Tuaheni Point.

</doc>
<doc id="20007592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007592" title="Skein (hash function)">
Skein (hash function)

Skein is a cryptographic hash function and one out of five finalists in the NIST hash function competition. Entered as a candidate to become the SHA-3 standard, the successor of SHA-1 and SHA-2, it ultimately lost to NIST hash candidate Keccak. 
The name Skein refers to how the Skein function intertwines the input, similar to a skein of yarn.
History.
Skein was created by Bruce Schneier, Stefan Lucks, Niels Ferguson, Doug Whiting, Mihir Bellare, Tadayoshi Kohno, Jon Callas and Jesse Walker.
Skein is based on the Threefish tweakable block cipher compressed using Unique Block Iteration (UBI) chaining mode while leveraging an optional low-overhead argument-system for flexibility.
Functionality.
Skein supports internal state sizes of 256, 512 and 1024 bits, and arbitrary output sizes.
The authors claim 6.1 cycles per byte for any output size on an Intel Core 2 Duo in 64-bit mode.
The core of Threefish is based on a MIX function that transforms 2 64-bit words using a single addition, rotation by a constant and XOR. The UBI chaining mode combines an input chaining value with an arbitrary length input string and produces a fixed size output.
Threefish's nonlinearity comes entirely from the combination of addition operations and exclusive-ORs; it does not use S-boxes. The function is optimized for 64-bit processors, and the Skein paper defines optional features such as randomized hashing, parallelizable tree hashing, a stream cipher, personalization, and a key derivation function.
Cryptanalysis.
In October 2010, an attack that combines rotational cryptanalysis with the rebound attack was published. The attack finds rotational collisions for 53 of 72 rounds in Threefish-256, and 57 of 72 rounds in Threefish-512. It also affects the Skein hash function. This is a follow-up to the earlier attack published in February, which breaks 39 and 42 rounds respectively.
The Skein team tweaked the key schedule constant for round 3 of the NIST hash function competition, to make this attack less effective, even though they believe the hash would be secure even without these tweaks.

</doc>
<doc id="20007620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007620" title="William Villaume">
William Villaume

William John Villaume (1914 – March 27, 1995) was an American Lutheran minister and the first president of Waterloo Lutheran University. He held the position from 1960 to 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20007624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007624" title="Trimethyldiphenylpropylamine">
Trimethyldiphenylpropylamine

Trimethyldiphenylpropylamine (N,N,1-Trimethyl-3,3-diphenylpropylamine) is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="20007642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007642" title="Frank Peters (college president)">
Frank Peters (college president)

Frank Cornelius Peters (July 5, 1920 – October 7, 1987) was the second president of Wilfrid Laurier University. He held the position from 1967 to 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20007643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007643" title="Caroverine">
Caroverine

Caroverine (Spasmium, Spadon) is a drug used as a spasmolytic and "otoneuroprotective" (inner ear protective) agent in some countries. It acts as an N-type calcium channel blocker, competitive AMPA receptor antagonist, and non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist. It also has potent antioxidant effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20007645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007645" title="Neale Tayler">
Neale Tayler

Neale Hamilton Tayler (June 16, 1917 – 1986) was the third president of Wilfrid Laurier University. He held the position from 1978 to 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20007653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007653" title="Trepibutone">
Trepibutone

Trepibutone is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="20007666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007666" title="Alverine">
Alverine

Alverine is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. Alverine is a smooth muscle relaxant. Smooth muscle is a type of muscle that is not under voluntary control; it is the muscle present in places such as the gut and uterus. Alverine acts directly on the muscle in the gut, causing it to relax. This prevents the muscle spasms which occur in the gut in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and diverticular disease. Diverticular disease is a condition in which small pouches form in the gut lining. These pouches can trap particles of food and become inflamed and painful. In irritable bowel syndrome the normal activity of the gut muscle is lost. The muscle spasms result in symptoms such as heartburn, abdominal pain and bloating, constipation or diarrhoea. By relaxing the gut muscle, alverine citrate relieves the symptoms of this condition. Alverine also relaxes the smooth muscle in the womb (uterus). It is therefore also used to treat painful menstruation, which is caused by muscle spasms in the uterus (dysmenorrhea).

</doc>
<doc id="20007675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007675" title="Jerry Akaminko">
Jerry Akaminko

Jeremiah Akaminko (born 2 May 1988) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor, and the Ghana national team.
Club career.
On 25 August 2008 Turkish side Orduspor have landed Heart of Lions team captain, the 20-year-old has signed a two-year contract with the Super Lig side. He was nominated as Defender of the Year 2008 in Ghana. Akaminko's contract is subject to renewal after the initial two years and played his first match on 7 September 2008 against Boluspor. There had been reports early this season that the Heart of Lions captain was on the verge of joining Israeli league club Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. 
International career.
Akaminko made his debut and scored his first goal with the Ghana national team on June 1, 2012 in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification at the Kumasi Sports Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20007677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007677" title="Proxazole">
Proxazole

Proxazole is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="20007687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007687" title="Idanpramine">
Idanpramine

Idanpramine is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="20007697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007697" title="Erik de Jesús">
Erik de Jesús

Erik de Jesús (born November 8, 1982) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Valle del Chota. He is a regular starter and plays as a right back for his club.
Club career.
De Jesús started at Nacional when he was young. He has spent all his career at Nacional.He won many titles with the juveniles during his time. In 2003 he was promoted to the first team of his club. However, in 2005-2006 he was a champion with El Nacional as they won the clausura of the Ecuadorian league. His good displays of defending earned him a chance to play with the national team in 2006.
International career.
De Jesús played in the 3-1 friendly win for Ecuador against Haiti on March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20007702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007702" title="Pinaverium">
Pinaverium

Pinaverium is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It acts as a calcium channel blocker and helps to restore the normal contraction process of the bowel. It is most effective when taken for a full course of treatment and is not designed for immediate symptom relief or sporadic, intermittent use.

</doc>
<doc id="20007709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007709" title="Orange-breasted Laughingthrush">
Orange-breasted Laughingthrush

The Orange-breasted Laughingthrush ("Garrulax annamensis") is a passerine bird in the Leiothrichidae family. Until recently it was regarded as a subspecies of the Spot-breasted Laughingthrush ("S. merulina") but has now been split as a separate species. The two have traditionally been placed in the genus "Garrulax".
It is a medium-sized bird with a strong bill and legs and a fairly long tail. It is 24–25 cm long with a bill length of 25–27 mm, a wing length of 83–92 mm and a tail length of 88–100 mm. It is mostly plain brown apart from an orange stripe over the eye, a black throat and an orange breast with black streaks. It has a loud, melodious song. The Spot-breasted Laughingthrush is similar but has a pale throat and breast with dark spots and a pale stripe above the eye.
It is endemic to Vietnam where it occurs in the Da Lat Plateau in southern Annam. It inhabits montane forest between 915 and 1510 m above sea-level and can survive in degraded habitats such as secondary forest and cultivated land close to forested areas. It is most often seen in pairs. Although it only has a small range, it appears to be tolerant of habitat degradation and is classed as Least Concern by BirdLife International.

</doc>
<doc id="20007712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007712" title="Chlorbenzoxamine">
Chlorbenzoxamine

Chlorbenzoxamine is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="20007722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007722" title="Fenpiprane">
Fenpiprane

Fenpiprane is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="20007727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007727" title="Victoria, New Zealand">
Victoria, New Zealand

Victoria is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne. It is located close to the shore of Poverty Bay, to the southeast of the city centre, between the mouth of the Awapuni Creek and Awapuni. It was named for Queen Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="20007729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007729" title="HMS Magicienne">
HMS Magicienne

Five ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Magicienne". The origins of the name are from the French word for a female magician or sorceress and were used following the capture of the French frigate "Magicienne" in 1781.

</doc>
<doc id="20007745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007745" title="Kaiti, New Zealand">
Kaiti, New Zealand

Kaiti is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne. It is located immediately to the east of the city centre, on the opposing bank of the Waimata River. Kaiti Hill or Titirangi overlooks Poverty Bay with Young Nick's Head (Te Kuri O Paoa) across the Bay. Titirangi also overlooks the city. The Turanganui River is below it, and separates Kaiti from the Gisborne Central Business District.
Nearby Kaiti Beach is one of New Zealand's most historic spots, being the landing site of the Horouta waka. It brought ancestors of the tangata whenua to the region. In 1769 Captain James Cook, the first European to have set foot on New Zealand soil, landed here. 
The name "kaiti" comes from Māori words meaning "to eat the edible parts of cabbage trees".

</doc>
<doc id="20007763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007763" title="Waiuta">
Waiuta

Waiuta is the location of a historic mining town on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
It was the site of a gold mine until 1951 but the collapse of the mine made it uneconomic. A number of buildings remain and there are still residents in what remains of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20007772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007772" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 400 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 400 metres T13

The Women's 400m T13 had its competition held on September 11, with the first round at 18:30 and the Final on September 12, at 20:26.

</doc>
<doc id="20007797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007797" title="Awapuni, Gisborne">
Awapuni, Gisborne

Awapuni is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne, and is located in the southwest of the city. It is named after the Awapuni lagoon, where the Waipaoa River runs into the ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20007805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007805" title="Mangapapa">
Mangapapa

Mangapapa is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne. It is located in the north of the city. Whataupoko lies to the southeast and Te Hapara to the south, separated from Mangapapa by the Turanganui River.
Gisborne Hospital is located in Mangapapa, as was the former Cook Hospital. In 2006, the New Zealand Census calculated the total population of the Mangapapa suburb to be 4,263.
Education.
Mangapapa School is a state coeducational contributing primary school. Opened in 1903, the school now has a decile rating of 5 and a roll of 448.

</doc>
<doc id="20007806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007806" title="Te Hapara">
Te Hapara

Te Hapara is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne. It is located in the northwest of the city. It contains one primary school, Te Hapara School, which is located in Mill Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20007829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007829" title="Whataupoko">
Whataupoko

Whataupoko is the central suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne. It is located to the northeast of the city business district.
It is bordered by the city centre, and the suburbs of Kaiti and Mangapapa.
The name derives from the Maori terms 'Whata', meaning to elevate, support, bring into prominence or hang; and 'Upoko', meaning 'head'. This has often been considered to refer to the tribal display of the heads of defeated opponents but this is a mistaken attribution, based on ideas of the primacy and noble savagery of Maori that came from the assumptions of new comers. Another theory put forward by residents is that 'Whata' and 'Upoko' mean the high head, or high point, or high chief, et cetera. Indeed the point is the centre of the city, of the region, and at the centre of the suburb is still the seat of local government and oldest homes.
The 2006 Census of Population and Dwellings listed Whataupoko's population as 3,693, this is 8.3% of the Gisborne region's population.
Whataupoko is the home of one primary school, Central School.

</doc>
<doc id="20007830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007830" title="Awapuni">
Awapuni

Awapuni is the name of three distinct places in New Zealand:

</doc>
<doc id="20007867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007867" title="Weightlifting at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg">
Weightlifting at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg

The men's featherweight event was part of the weightlifting programme at the 1936 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the lightest contested, and allowed weightlifters of up to 60 kilograms (132 pounds). The competition was held on Sunday, August 2, 1936.
Twenty-one weightlifters from 13 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in kilograms) prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Anthony Terlazzo and Georg Liebsch both equalized the standing Olympic record in press with 92.5 kilograms. Anthony Terlazzo and Anton Richter both improved the Olympic record in snatch with 97.5 kilograms. Saleh Soliman and Ibrahim Shams both bettered the Olympic record in clean and jerk with 125 kilograms. And Anthony Terlazzo set a new Olympic record in total with 312.5 kilograms.Although they won as men, there was a young woman named Liselotte "Charlotte" Rickert, who also competed and was given a special gold medal as she lifted more than any man in this class. She was billed as the strongest woman in the world.
Results.
All figures in kilograms.

</doc>
<doc id="20007870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007870" title="Tōsha Meishō">
Tōsha Meishō

(born 1941) is a Japanese "hayashi" musician, one of a long line of Tōsha school musicians specializing in providing musical accompaniment in the "kabuki" theatre.
Born in 1941, he began studying under his father, Tōsha Shūhō, from around the age of six. In 1958, he took on the name Tōsha Suihō, and made his first appearance onstage five years later, in a June production of ""Ō-Edo Shuten-dōji"" at the Kabuki-za.
Meishō has been granted a number of awards, including the Osaka Prefecture Citizens' Arts Award in 1978, and the Agency for Cultural Affairs' Special Award for the Promotion of Creative Arts in 1979 and 1982; in the latter year he also won the Kyoto Rookie Award. Four years later, he won the Agency for Creative Affairs' Arts Festival Award for Excellency for his performance .
He officially succeeded to the name Tōsha Meishō in 1989, becoming the second in the lineage to hold that name. A number of his relatives are also active musicians in "kabuki hayashi" or other traditional forms.

</doc>
<doc id="20007872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007872" title="Krupac (East Sarajevo)">
Krupac (East Sarajevo)

Krupac is a part of East Ilidža municipality in the City of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20007878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007878" title="The Burger and the Hot Dog">
The Burger and the Hot Dog

The Burger and the Hot Dog is a Children's poetry book about food, written by Jim Aylesworth and illustrated by Stephen Gammell.
Summary.
Several poems have to with behavior and dessert. There are characters such as cheeses named Woodrow and Wanda and eggs named Yack and Yimmy.

</doc>
<doc id="20007885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007885" title="Soy (Víctor Manuelle album)">
Soy (Víctor Manuelle album)

Soy is the twelfth album of Puerto Rican Salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. The album was released on June 10, 2008. It produced two singles, "Yo No Se Perdonarte" and "No Soy Quien".

</doc>
<doc id="20007896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007896" title="HM Prison Eastwood Park">
HM Prison Eastwood Park

HM Prison Eastwood Park is a women's closed category prison, located in the village of Falfield in Gloucestershire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Eastwood Park Prison originally opened as a male juvenile Detention Centre, and then became a Young Offenders Institution. In March 1996 Eastwood Park was converted into a women's prison, receiving staff and prisoners brought from the old Pucklechurch Prison.
In September 1998 the Chief inspector of Prisons issued a report warning that Eastwood Park Prison was keeping a number of inmates in cells that were below the nationally recommended standard size.
In May 2002 a further inspection of Eastwood Park found that inmates were at serious risk of suicide and self-harm. Referring to Eastwood as "an establishment in crisis", the inspection report noted that staff was having trouble creating decent conditions for its inmates, among whom 56 women had been identified as suicide risks in a single month. In that same month, the report said, 47 separate cases of self-harm had occurred.
A further report in March 2004 stated that the prison was still facing "major challenges". However the report also noted that prisoners felt safer at Eastwood Park than in women's prisons generally.
The prison today.
Eastwood Park Prison offers education courses in Basic Skills, wider Key Skills, Information Technology, Cookery, Diversity, Salon Services, Manicure, Preparation for Work, Drug and Alcohol Awareness and Industrial Cleaning. The prison also offers employment with work-based qualifications. In addition Eastwood Park has a gym for physical education as well as recreational gym. 
The Family and Friends Centre is the visitors centre at Eastwood Park Prison, and has facilities including toilets, a refreshments counter, information points and a small play area for children.

</doc>
<doc id="20007902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007902" title="List of sports events in Cape Town">
List of sports events in Cape Town

Cape Town in South Africa has had a long history of hosting major sporting events.

</doc>
<doc id="20007913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007913" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's shot put F32">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's shot put F32

The Men's Shot Put F32 had its Final held on September 8 at 17:05.

</doc>
<doc id="20007924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007924" title="Jhon Minda">
Jhon Minda

Jhon Minda (born July 21, 1986) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Club Deportivo El Nacional. He plays as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20007934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007934" title="East Canyon State Park">
East Canyon State Park

East Canyon State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, featuring a reservoir. The park is located northeast of Salt Lake City in Morgan County, Utah.
Park facilities.
Located in a narrow-walled canyon, East Canyon State Park is at an elevation of . Park facilities are open year-round, and include a concrete boat launching ramp, paved parking, restrooms, showers, a fish cleaning station, a 33 unit RV campground with full and partial hookups, two covered group-use pavilions, boat rental, and a snack bar.
East Canyon Dam.
The East Canyon Dam is a , arch concrete dam. Its base is wide, and its crest is wide. The reservoir is fed by East Canyon Creek, and is part of the Weber Basin Project. It was constructed between 1964 and 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20007975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007975" title="Myself in the Distant Future">
Myself in the Distant Future

Myself in the Distant Future is a 1997 North Korean film directed by Jang In-hak.
Summary.
A young man falls in love with the leader of a shock brigade of plasterers who are working to modernize their home village. He attempts to win her heart and take her back to Pyongyang by becoming a model worker, but she chooses to continue her plastering.
The film's central theme is that a person should be happy and content in the place of their birth, regardless of conditions, and supports the willingness of the North Korean government to restrict migration from the countryside into the cities. Another theme within the film is for people to "eat potatoes, not rice", which reinforces an official government campaign encouraging the consumption of potatoes. Despite being filmed during the North Korean famine, "Myself in the Distant Future" depicts a country blessed with a plentiful supply of food.
Festival screenings.
"Myself in the Distant Future" was screened at the 6th Pyongyang International Film Festival in 1998, where it was awarded both the Golden Torch and Acting prizes. In 2000 it was one of eight North Korean films played at the Udine Festival of Far East Film, where it was regarded by Richard James Havis of "Asiaweek" as being "one of the more obvious propaganda movies".

</doc>
<doc id="20007990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007990" title="Leonard W. Miller">
Leonard W. Miller

Leonard W. Miller (born 1934) is one of two black motor racing pioneers living in the United States.
Early life.
Miller was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and raised in its suburbs. His lifelong love of automobiles began at age five in 1939, and he began secretly tinkering with his family’s 1937 Ford in 1948. He built an advanced 1940 Ford club coupe hotrod convertible in 1953. As a charter member of George Barris’s Kustoms of America based in Southern California, he ordered custom parts from Barris to complete his project in Pennsylvania.
Because of his knowledge of automobiles, Miller was assigned to the United States Third Army’s 45th Ordnance Battalion, Direct Automotive Support Company in 1957. This one-of-a-kind company was trained to repair jeeps and trucks under battlefield conditions and consisted of hot-rodders, drag racers, United Auto Workers assembly line workers and NASCAR racers. 
Miller was mentored by Mel Leighton and Sumner “Red” Oliver, two black racing pioneers of the 1920s-1940s. These relationships, and friendships with Wendell Scott and Malcolm Durham, helped propel Miller and African American driver Benny Scott to many achievements racing under the Black American Racers, Inc. (BAR) and Vanguard Racing, Inc. banners in the 1970s.
Indy Car owner.
Scott drove Vanguard’s Formula A, in a McLaren M10-A, powered with a 500-horsepower Chevrolet V-8 in the L & M Continental 5000 Championship and Sports Car Club of America (SCCA) events. Scott won the CSCC-SCCA Southern Pacific Division Championship in 1972, outperforming drivers traveling from as far away as Australia to compete.
Vanguard’s board of directors consisted of Paul Jackson, president of Jackson & Sanders Construction Company; Robert Sargent Shriver, Jr., first head of the Peace Corps and former Ambassador to France, who would be the Democratic Party's candidate for Vice President of the United States in 1972; Washington Redskins defensive halfback Brig Owens; and Richard Deutsch, board chairman of Harbor Oil Corporation.
Unfortunately for the team's ambitions, Vanguard’s stockholders were euphoric with John Mahler’s performance at the 1972 Indianapolis 500, and as a result they lost their patience and ambition to groom Benny Scott.
Organizing black racers.
Miller was also the founder, in 1972, of the Black American Racers Association (BARA). At its height, BARA boasted 5,000 members from 20 states. Wendell Scott was the first honorary chairman. Ron Hines, a University of Pennsylvania-trained mechanical engineer, served as secretary and race team mechanic. Today, former BARA members from Maryland, Washington, DC, and Virginia are carrying on the original objectives as the Quartermasters Drag Racing Team.
Black American Racers.
In 1973, Miller formed Black American Racers, Inc. (BAR) from his offices on West State Street in Trenton, New Jersey. BAR secured sponsorship from Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation (Viceroy Cigarettes), as part of an initiative called “Road To Indy.” This stair-step scheme put Scott in Formula Super Vee (FSV) competition in SCCA, International Motor Sports Association (IMSA), and the Robert Bosch Gold Cup series on road circuits from coast to coast including Watkins Glen International, Lime Rock Park, Mid-Ohio, Laguna Seca Raceway, Road America, and Pocono Raceway.
Scott achieved several podium finishes in Lola T-324 FSV’s purchased from legendary Carl Haas Automobile Imports. At Laguna Seca Raceway in Monterey, California on May 4, 1975, he was the fastest qualifier, but on the final lap of the race itself Scott was barely beaten in a photo finish by Fred Phillips in his Eldon Mk 14B.
BAR driver development.
In 1973 Miller and Scott devised a driver development program for BAR, before it became widespread in American motor racing, motivated by a question Miller was asked often by potential sponsors in corporate America: What if your primary black driver is killed?
To eliminate this dilemma, Miller signed Coyle Peek, a 23-year-old African American driver from Long Island, New York. Peek was a Formula Ford (FF) driver. Miller placed Peek with S.H.A.R.P Racing Limited in the United Kingdom to aid his development in the most competitive entry-level road racing series in the world: British Formula Ford.
Under the BAR banner, Peek competed in a British-manufactured Royale RP16 chassis powered by a 1600cc engine at world-famous British circuits such as Brands Hatch, the Silverstone Circuit, and Mallory Park. Peek competed against FF chassis types such as Meryln 17a and 20a, Macon MR6, Lotus 51, 61, 61M, Van Diemen FA73, and the Bradley FF.
Coyle Peek progressed rapidly, finishing in the top 10 in most races, with a second-place finish as his highest. He quickly earned the post as a reserve driver in case Benny Scott were to be injured or killed competing for BAR in FSV. After he returned to the US, Peek attended many of BAR’s events. Miller tried to acquire a companion race car and sponsorship for Peek, but it was denied in corporate boardrooms.
Miller is the first documented African American team principal to dispatch an African American driver across the North Atlantic for professional race car driving development supported by his own means.
Long Beach Grand Prix.
Brown & Williamson Tobacco expedited BAR’s promotion into Formula 5000 events, with Benny Scott competing at speeds over 200 mph with racing legends such as Great Britain’s Brian Redman, South Africa’s Jody Scheckter, Mario Andretti, and Chris Amon of New Zealand.
BAR qualified for the inaugural Long Beach Grand Prix (LBGP) on September 28, 1975, an invitation-only event for the top 60 race teams in the world. Scott qualified the BAR’s Lola T332 entry 24th out of the 30 teams that qualified for the race. Scott finished the race in 11th place. Grant King was BAR’s chief mechanic for all the Formula 5000 races the team entered in 1975.
Although BAR’s LBGP performance demonstrated its ability to qualify the first African American driver for the Indianapolis 500 in the mid-1970s, Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation terminated all of its motor racing sponsorships in November 1975 for business reasons. BAR approached several other Fortune 500 companies to continue its “Fast Road to Indianapolis” effort, without success.
Willy T. Ribbs, who was inspired to become a professional race car driver by his father’s interaction with Miller's and Scott's trailblazing accomplishments at California race tracks, qualified for the Indianapolis 500 in 1991 and 1993, but was also challenged by insufficient corporate sponsorship to sustain his efforts. The sponsorship challenge continues to plague all African American motor racing efforts, into the 21st century.
Hall of Fame.
In 1976, Leonard W. Miller and Benny Scott were inducted into the Black Athletes Hall of Fame at the New York Hilton in Manhattan for their achievements in motor racing. A host of sports notables and entertainers were in attendance, including NFL star Frank Gifford, ABC Sports broadcaster Howard Cosell, legendary soul singer James Brown, boxing promoter Don King, and New York Knicks basketball player Earl "The Pearl" Monroe. Actor Bill Cosby was the master of ceremonies. Over 1000 patrons and icons attended the black-tie ceremony.
Mini-Indy tragedy.
African American driver Tommy Thompson approached Miller in 1977 to continue the BAR effort with personal funds in FSV (called Mini-Indy cars at that time). Miller’s longtime friend Ken Wright (auto racing mechanic) joined Ron Hines to perform mechanical duties on the Lola T-324 and T-620. BAR garnered some wins with Thompson, including the SCCA Northeast Division championship.
Unfortunately, in September 1978, Thompson was killed in a crash at the Trenton Speedway in Trenton, New Jersey. Benny Scott finished the 1978 season for BAR.
Recent accomplishments.
Miller formed several NASCAR grassroots efforts based from his shop in Concord, North Carolina from 1994-1999, resulting in many successes with his son, Leonard T. Miller. The team at this time was named Miller Racing Group and had General Motors and Dr Pepper as sponsors.
In 2005, Miller and his son were the first African American team owners to win a track championship in NASCAR history. They won the stock car championship at Old Dominion Speedway in Manassas, Virginia and was acknowledged as one of the top 10 teams in the middle Atlantic division. Franklin Butler was the driver.
Paul Newman called Miller's autobiography, "" (2004), "an extraordinary book that is refreshingly honest," and Mario Andretti praised it as "eye-opening". In its 50th Anniversary Edition in July 2008, "AutoWeek" magazine named "Silent Thunder" one of the top 50 automobile books of the previous 50 years. 
Miller's son has also written a book about the Miller Racing Group and NASCAR, titled "Racing While Black", published in 2010 by Seven Stories Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20007992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20007992" title="Saint Margaret Island">
Saint Margaret Island

Saint Margaret Island is an island in Corner Inlet, Victoria, Australia. It lies at the eastern end of the Nooramunga Marine and Coastal Park, close to Ninety Mile Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20008070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008070" title="Doña Teodora Alonzo High School">
Doña Teodora Alonzo High School

Doña Teodora Alonzo High School is a high school in Manila, Philippines. Open since 1961, the school's current principal is Mr.Rodrigo G. Natividad The school's newspapers have received a number of regional awards.
Early Years.
Manila City ordinance 4934 of 1961 gave birth to the Doña Teodora Alonzo High School when it provided that “for some effective administration, big schools should be divided into small independences”.
As early as July 1959, four branches of Cayetano Arellano High School; Zurbaran, Mayhaligue, Santander and O’Donnell Annexes were ordered to transfer to one big building at Teodora Alonzo Street. The four annexes were fused and recognized as T. Alonzo Annexes of Arellano High School. The late Gregoria Reyes was assigned as Executive Coordinator of all school activities assisted by three Officers-In-Charge, each assigned to one floor; Mr. Pedro Agbayani for the First floor, Ms. Benita de Jesus for the Second floor, and Mr. Ambrosio Rector for the Third floor.
Two years after, August 16, 1961, the T. Alonzo Annex was proclaimed as an independent school –the Doña Teodora Alonzo High School.
In its early years as an independent high school and newest additions of secondary schools in the City of Manila, there were 2,934 students among the 45 sections for the freshmen and 14 sections for the sophomores. There were 98 teachers, one guidance counselor headed by Ms. Ester Gaudinez; two department heads - Ms. Beatriz Low and Mr. Vallejo for the Vocational Department; two school librarians - Ms. Simplicia Galvez and Ms. Mercedes Alberto; school nurse - Ms. Marcelina Zambrano; seven janitors and a night guard. Mrs. Gregoria Reyes was assigned as the school’s Assistant Principal and Ms. Carmen Javier, then Assistant Principal of Arellano High School designated as the school’s pioneering Principal.
It was not until September 1962 that the school was given the permanent name "Doña Teodora Alonzo High School"; approved by the City Council during the term of then late Mayor, Arsenio H. Lacson.
In 1962 Mrs. Javier spearheaded the conduct of evening classes, a milestone in the history of the school. The night school started with four sections for the first year, three for the third year and one for the fourth year. Only six students composed of its batch graduated. The graduates joined the graduation ceremony of the day classes. The school was the smallest among the five big schools pioneered in the night academic classes.
Modern Era.
In 1992 the school was able to have its own building bearing the name – "DOÑA TEODORA ALONZO HIGH SCHOOL, the shaper of the youth for many years", located along Alvarez and Ipil Streets, occupying portion of the Habana Building of Francisco Balagtas Elementary School.
During the school year 1994-1995 Crescencia Mayor was chosen as Girl Mayor, a first for the Alonzo High School during the Boys and Girls Week Celebration. Another laurel was won by William Ramos as the 1994 Lakan during the 16th National Assembly of Students of Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) held in Baguio City. The school was also cited by the Division of City School Superintendent Paraluman Giron as one of the five cleanest schools in Manila.
In the school year 1997-1998 two of its faculty members, Mrs. Josefina Bustos and Ms. Maria Nelia Ortinez of the Mathematics Social Studies Departments, were chosen as "Outstanding Teachers" in the Division of Manila. Together with Mr. Juan Mayor, then President of the Parent-Teacher-Community Association (PTCA), they were able to construct a chess plaza and a computer center. The stage was renovated and another building was constructed. And for the first time in Manila, monitoring cameras were installed inside the classrooms, hallways, comfort rooms and offices.
During the schools’ 39th foundation anniversary the former first lady Imelda Romualdez Marcos and the descendant of Doña Teodora Alonzo, Mr. Jose Lopez attended the occasion.
In 2001 major renovations were made in the school offices, library, stage, school perimeter and waterways. A bust of Doña Teodora Alonzo was donated by her descendants. The unveiling was held during the schools’ foundation day.
In 2003 several modernization projects occurred; monitoring cameras and the acquisition of several computer units for the use of different departments.
In 2005, renovation of the schools’ perimeter wall, elevation of the school grounds, and establishment of the conference room was completed.
In 2007, fire broke out in the nearby school, "Francisco Balagtas Elementary School" and it was razed to the ground. Alonzo High School was also damaged by the fire. The 3rd floor (Science Building), stage, the school clinic and guidance office were totally destroyed. The City Council was ordered by the City Mayor Alfredo Lim to release an amount of approximately P4.8 million for the reconstruction of the damaged facilities.
Recently, President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo made an ocular inspection at the school to see the ongoing construction of the two damaged schools including T. Alonzo High School.
Campus Papers.
In 1962 two campus publications were founded, The Counselor in English and Ang Patnubay in Filipino.
In 1976 Erlinda Lopez-Paulino established The Ang Dagitab, an exploratory campus paper for the lower year journalism students.
The Counselor received "6th Best School paper" in the National Schools Press Conference (NSPC) held in Baguio City and "2nd Best School Paper" in the Regional Teodoro Valencia Search for Best Campus Papers in 1993. In 1997 it won 6th place in the National Secondary Schools Press Conference (NSSPC) over-all ranking as the "Best School Paper" nationwide. In the division level, it was consistently included in the top five in the ranking; in 1998-1999, it ranked 4th over-all as "Best School Paper" nationwide in the NSSPC held in Ilagan, Isabela.
Ang Patnubay placed 6th in both Science and News categories for the "Best School Paper" in the annual NSSPC in 1998; 9th and 10th places for the Science and Developmental Communication (DevCom) pages respectively; 2000–2001, ranked 8th as Best School Paper in the regional competition.
Both campus papers continue reaping awards from district up to the national press tilts and conferences.
Former Principals and Officers-In-Charge.
Carmen Javier 1962–1966
Maximiano Rivera 1966–1971
Celia Manliclic 1971–1974
Emilio F. Mendoza 1974–1976
Dr. Consolacion Domingo 1976–1978
Nenita Concepcion 1978–1981
Julia Roxas 1981–1982
Rosenda Hutchings 1982–1983
Clarita Nolasco 1983–1989
Norma Escobar 1989–1990
Romeo Santos 1990–1993
Henry Panela 1993–1994
Lucila Cabrera 1994–1996
Arnulfo Empleo 1996–2001
Eugenia Gorgon 2001–2002
Aurora Reoma 2002
Marietta Astrologio Officer-In-Charge 2002
Aida Rondilla Officer-In-Charge 2002
Hilario G. Peña 2003–2004
Florence Tercias 2004
Julia Rillo Officer-In-Charge 2004
Imelda Animoza Officer-In-Charge 2005
Thelma Landicho 2005–2006
Romarico Barrientos 2006–2010
torquator 2010-2011
Marion A. Mallorca 2011-present

</doc>
<doc id="20008074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008074" title="James W. Pennebaker">
James W. Pennebaker

James W. Pennebaker (born March 2, 1950) is an American social psychologist. He is the Centennial Liberal Arts Professor and Chair of the Department of Psychology at the University of Texas at Austin and a member of the Academy of Distinguished Teachers. His research focuses on the relationship between natural language use, health, and social behavior, most recently "how everyday language reflects basic social and personality processes".
Education and career.
Pennebaker received his B.A. from Eckerd College in 1972 with honors and his Ph.D. from the University of Texas at Austin in 1977. 
He has held the following positions:
Research.
Over the course of his career, Pennebaker has studied the nature of physical symptoms, health consequences of secrets, expressive writing, and natural language, and has received grants from the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, the U.S. Army Research Institute, and other federal agencies for studies in language, emotion, and social dynamics. 
A pioneer of writing therapy, he has researched the link between language and recovering from trauma and been "recognized by the American Psychological Association as one of the top researchers on trauma, disclosure, and health." In particular, he finds a person's use of "low-level words," such as pronouns and articles, predictive of recovery as well as indicative of sex, age, and personality traits: "Virtually no one in psychology has realized that low-level words can give clues to large-scale behaviors."
In the mid-1990s, he and colleagues developed the Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count (LIWC; pronounced "Luke"), a computerized text analysis program that outputs the percentage of words in a given text that fall into one or more of over 80 linguistic (e.g., first-person singular pronouns, conjunctions), psychological (e.g., anger, achievement), and topical (e.g., leisure, money) categories. It builds on previous research establishing strong links between linguistic patterns and personality or psychological state, but makes possible far more detailed results than did hand counts. Pennebaker and associates have used this tool to analyze the language of Al Qaeda leaders and of political candidates, particularly in the 2008 United States presidential election. He blogs with associates on what linguistic analysis says about political leaders, at Wordwatchers: Tracking the language of public figures, and Pennebaker Conglomerates, Inc. offers free LIWC-based text analysis tools online, including a language style matching calculator and a language-based application of the Thematic Apperception Test.

</doc>
<doc id="20008076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008076" title="USS Cole bombing video">
USS Cole bombing video

Several Guantanamo captives are alleged to have produced, or played a role in the production of a jihadist training video, or training videos.
During Ali Hamza al-Bahlul's Guantanamo military commission the video he was charged with producing was reported to have been 2 hours long. In addition to material specifically focused around the bombing it was reported to have contained images and sequences of suffering Muslims, as justification. 

</doc>
<doc id="20008080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008080" title="Navidad a mi estilo">
Navidad a mi estilo

Una Navidad a Mi Estilo is the eleventh album and first Christmas album of Puerto Rican Salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. The album was released on November 6, 2007. It produced one single, "Yo Traigo la Parranda".

</doc>
<doc id="20008114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008114" title="The Killing Room">
The Killing Room

The Killing Room is a 2009 psychological thriller film directed by Jonathan Liebesman and starring Chloë Sevigny, Nick Cannon, and Timothy Hutton. It premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. It is being distributed internationally by ContentFilm.
Plot.
Four individuals sign up for a psychological research study only to discover that they are now subjects of a brutal, modern version of the Project MKULTRA indoctrination program. One by one, the subjects are brought into a large, white room, in which the tables and chairs have been bolted to the floor.
They are each given a questionnaire to fill out. In the meantime, a researcher enters the room, ostensibly to give an overview of the study. He indicates to the subjects—three men and a woman—that the study will take approximately eight hours to complete, at which time they will each be paid $250. Upon completing his introduction, the researcher shoots the female subject in the head with a gun and promptly leaves the room.
Over the next few hours, the remaining three male subjects will be subjected to additional physical and psychological brutality. Only one subject will survive the ordeal. This subject manages to escape into the building. The loudspeaker gives details of where the subject is in the building. It is then realized that the subject is going where he is supposed to be. He ends up in a room with two other males tied to their chairs. The loudspeaker then states that phase 2 is to begin.
It is revealed, during the last subject's escape attempt, that the goal of the covert program is to achieve in human civilians a phenomenon similar to apoptosis in cells (a comparison noted in the film), by developing "civilian weapons" akin to suicide bombers.
Reception.
The film met mixed reviews upon release, garnering a score of 67% on ratings aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes. "MTV"'s Larry Carroll held the film in high regard as he nominally labeled it as the “best movie” at Sundance 2009, praising it as “brutal, daring and utterly unpredictable”. Alongside other films with a claustrophobic air, he characterised it as “"Cube" with better actors. "Reservoir Dogs" without the hipness. "Lifeboat" with a modern spin on war-time paranoia.”

</doc>
<doc id="20008129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008129" title="Ktav Stam">
Ktav Stam

Ketav Stam (Hebrew: כתב סת"ם) is the specific Jewish traditional writing with which Sifrei Torah, Tefillin, Mezzuzot, and the Five Megillot are written. One who writes such articles is called a Sofer Stam. The writing is done by means of a feather, and ink (known as D'yo) onto special parchment called "Klaf". There exist two primary traditions in respect to the formation of the letters, Ktav HaAshkenazi and Ktav HaSefardi, however the differences between them are slight.
Kelaf.
Kelaf is the material on which a Sofer writes certain Jewish liturgical and ritual documents, the kosher form of parchment or vellum. The writing material can be made of the specially prepared skin of a kosher animal - goat, cattle, or deer. The hide can consist of:
Only Gevil and Klaf can be used for holy writings. Dukhsustus is not permitted. However, Dukhsustos is used for writing a Mezuza.
Kulmus.
The Kulmus (קולמוס) is the feather or reed used for the writing. The original source of the word stems from the Greek “Kalamos.” The feathers need to be obtained from a large bird, today the feathers of turkeys are most often used for this purpose. There is some doubt however, as to whether feathers need be obtained from a Kosher bird species or not.
Deyo.
The special ink prepared for the writing is called D'yo (דיו). Maimonides wrote in the Laws of Tefillin 1:4 that the D'yo is prepared in the following way: 
“"One collects the vapor of oils, of tar, of wax, or the like, and kneads it together with sap from a tree and a drop of honey. It is moistened extensively, crushed until it is formed into flat cakes, dried, and then stored. When one desires to write with it, one soaks it in gallnut juice or the like and writes with it. Thus, if one attempts to rub it out, he would be able to. This is the ink with which it is most preferable to write scrolls, tefillin, and mezuzot. If however one wrote any of the three with gallnut juice or vitriol, which remains without being rubbed out, it is acceptable".”
Sirtut.
Sirtut (שרטוט) are straight lines that the Sofer must, by Torah law, etch into the Klaf. The obligation primarily pertains to Sifrei Torah, Mezuza, and Meggila, however there are those who are similarly accustomed to placing Sirtut on the Arba Parshiyot for Tefillin. This helps the Sofer write in neat straight lines.
Ketiva Lishma.
Every aspect of the process must be done "Lishma" (לשמה), which is to say it is done for its own sake with pure motives. The Sofer must also be particularly concentrated upon the writing of any of the Divine Names. At many junctures in the process he is obligated to verbalize the fact that he is performing his action Lishma.
Form of the letters.
The K'tav Ashuri is the only permissible Hebrew script, however over the centuries in Exile some minor variations have developed. The two primary traditions are Ktav HaAshkenazi and Ktav HaSefardi. 
Ketav Ashkenazi is split into two categories:
Ktav Sefardi (also known as Vellish) – is the standard utilized by Mizrahim, and Teimanim.
Tagin.
Tagin (or Taggin) are the distinct crown like serifs affixed atop the letters. Absent the Tagin the writing is invalidated. According to Rabbi Akiva in the Talmud, not only can one learn something from every letter in the Torah, but one can also learn something from the placement of the Tagin. On the letters ג, ז, ט, נ, ע, צ, ש there are three Tagin, on the letters ב, ד, ה, ח, י, ק there is one Tag, and on the letters א, ו, כ, ל, מ, ס, פ, ר, ת there are none.
Errors.
Some errors are inevitable in the course of production. If the error involves a word other than a Divine Name, the mistaken letter may be removed from the scroll by scraping the letter off the scroll with a sharp object. If the Divine Name is written in error, the entire page, if written in a Torah, must be cut from the scroll and a new page added, and the page written anew from the beginning. The new page is sewn into the scroll to maintain continuity of the document. The old page is treated with appropriate respect, and is either buried, or stored away with respect rather than otherwise destroyed or discarded. In Teffillin and Mezuzzot all the letters, the words and the Parshiyot are required to be written in the order they appear in the Torah. Within any of the Parshiyot if an error or an invalidated letter is discovered, or a missing letter was discovered after the completion of the writing, the rest of the document must be erased from the end all the way back to the error, to fix it, and write it anew.

</doc>
<doc id="20008186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008186" title="Clorobiocin">
Clorobiocin

Clorobiocin is an aminocoumarin.

</doc>
<doc id="20008204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008204" title="Coumermycin A1">
Coumermycin A1

Coumermycin A1 is an aminocoumarin.
See also.
Chemically induced dimerization

</doc>
<doc id="20008231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008231" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's discus throw F32/51">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's discus throw F32/51

The Men's Discus Throw F32/51 had its Final held on September 11 at 17:00.

</doc>
<doc id="20008237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008237" title="Jaco Engels">
Jaco Engels

Jaco Engels (born 17 December 1980, in Oranjemund) is a Namibian rugby union player whose usual position is prop.
Career.
He has previously played for the , and in South Africa's Currie Cup. He has also played Super Rugby with the . He joined the in 2011. He featured in both Currie Cup and Super Rugby winning squads while in Pretoria.
2013 Southern Kings Super Rugby season.
He was included in the squad for the 2013 Super Rugby season. He made appearances from the bench in each of the Kings' first four matches of the season, but prop Grant Kemp was preferred to him for the remainder of the campaign. He made two appearances for the 2013 Vodacom Cup campaign before linking up with
International.
He is eligible to play for , but did not play in the 2011 Rugby World Cup. He only made his debut for them aged 32, when he was included in a Namibian team to face a South Africa President's XV in 2013 and then represented Namibia in their 2013 Africa Cup Division 1B campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20008243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008243" title="For All I Care">
For All I Care

For All I Care is an album by The Bad Plus with Wendy Lewis on vocals. It was released on October 20th, 2008 in Europe and on February 3rd 2009 in the U.S. This is the first Bad Plus album to include a vocalist, as well as the first to feature no original songs. Although the Bad Plus are known for playing inventive covers of rock songs, this is their first album to exclusively feature cover songs, including a few 20th-century classical pieces.
Track listing.
Listed next to each track is the most known performer of each piece, followed by the writers (except for the classical tradition pieces).

</doc>
<doc id="20008258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008258" title="Jesse Randhawa">
Jesse Randhawa

Jesse Randhawa (born 11 August 1975) is an Indian model and actress.
Early life.
Jasmeet Kaur Randhawa, a.k.a. Jesse Randhawa, was born on August 11, 1975 in Jaipur to Mehar and Narinder Singh Randhawa. She is originally from Jaipur.
Her sister Saadhika is a Bollywood actress.
Career.
Jesse Randhawa is a successful model and has worked with many designers. She appeared in Femina Miss India 1994 contest along with Sushmita Sen and Aishwarya Rai and made it to finalists.
She has participated in "Fear Factor – Khatron Ke Khiladi Level 2", where she emerged as the first runner-up. She entered modeling in 1999.
Film career.
She was first seen in a song "Kadi Te Ana Balli Di Gali" for the movie Jung year 2000 starring Sanjay Dutt and Jackie Shroff. Jesse Randhawa was convinced by director Anurag Kashyap to do an item number in his film "No Smoking". In 2009, Randhawa appeared in Kashyap's film "Gulaal", in which she played the role of a young lecturer.
Controversies.
She is very determinant and often outspoken. Although she had a controversy in 2009 during her ramp show in lakme India fashion week because she wore that time a transparent top in which her nipples were completely visible. However later she denied the thing by saying that unfortunately she had slipped her top unwillingly and whatever happened, was just an accident.
Later also she was seen in a dancing show with her husband where again she had a wardrobe malfunction and showed some parts of her breasts.
Personal life.
Jesse Randhawa was previously married to fashion model Inder Mohan Sudan, but divorced him and is now married to choreographer Sandip Soparkar. Jesse Randhawa and Sandip Soparkar guest-starred in "Dance India Dance Grand Finale".

</doc>
<doc id="20008271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008271" title="Primrose Hill (disambiguation)">
Primrose Hill (disambiguation)

Primrose Hill is a district in London, England.
Primrose Hill may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008276" title="Sixth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Sixth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Sixth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(VI Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the district covers the western portion of the Chihuahua Municipality, including approximately one-half of the city of Chihuahua. The other half of the city, and the rest of the municipality, is covered by the Eighth District.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Chihuahua.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the district covered the northern part of Chihuahua Municipality; i.e., it included the part of the city/municipality north of the Río Chuviscar.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the Sixth District was located in the eastern central part of the state, centred on the city of Camargo.

</doc>
<doc id="20008281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008281" title="Leonhard Schmitz">
Leonhard Schmitz

Leonhard Schmitz (1807 – May 1890) was a German-born classical scholar and educator active mainly in the United Kingdom.
Schmitz was born in Eupen and attended gymnasium in Aachen. He lost his right arm in an accident at the age of 10, but nonetheless excelled academically. He studied at the University of Bonn, where he earned a Ph.D., and was in particular influenced by Barthold Georg Niebuhr; Schmitz later published in England a collection of notes taken from Niebuhr's lectures as "Lectures on Roman History" (1844).
He married an English woman, and moved to England in 1837; around 1840 they had a daughter, Leonora Schmitz, who would become a noted music critic. He became associated with a number of scholars there, writing many of the mythological entries for classicist William Smith's "Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology", and serving as "a key figure in the transmission of German classical scholarship to Victorian Britain". 
Schmitz moved to Scotland in 1846 to serve as rector of the Royal High School in Edinburgh from that year until 1866. In his induction speech he expressed the hope that his appointment would be "the means of strengthening and increasing the intellectual sympathy which has so long existed between this country and Germany". In that office in 1859 he also tutored HRH The Prince of Wales in Roman history. 
Schmitz moved back to England in 1866, serving as Principal of London International College from 1866 to 1874, and Classical Examiner at the University of London from 1874 to 1884. He was granted a civil list pension of £50 in 1881, doubled in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="20008344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008344" title="André Neles">
André Neles

André Moreira Neles (born 4 January 1978), usually known as André Neles, is a naturalized Equatoguinean football striker. He currently plays for Uberlândia.
Biography.
André Neles was born in Patrocínio, a city (and also municipality) located in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.
In 2001, he was signed for the Portuguese club S.L. Benfica and, in his first appearance, he scored a goal in a friendly match against CSKA Sofia. After, he played for another Portuguese club C.S. Marítimo.
He confessed that to drug abuse when playing for Palmeiras in 2003. Since then, he entered the Presbyterian faith to overcome his problems. In his incursion in the religion, André Neles recorded a disc of gospel music, sung by himself.
International career.
Parents of André Neles discovered that his son had a great-grandmother with connections to Equatorial Guinea, so the player decided to represent the African selection. In February 2011, he returned after two and half years od international absence to be called, alongside his brother Átila, for a friendly match against Chad.
Personal.
André's younger brother, Átila, is also a footballer – and a forward. He too spent most of his professional career in Brazil, where he played for Uberlândia.

</doc>
<doc id="20008347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008347" title="Óðinn Jónsson">
Óðinn Jónsson

Óðinn Jónsson (born August 5, 1958), is the head of news of RÚV, the Icelandic National Broadcasting Service. Before the merger of the radio and television newsrooms in September 2008, he headed the radio newsroom. Óðinn has long been one of the main newsreaders on RÚV's radio newscast.

</doc>
<doc id="20008356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008356" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's club throw F32/51">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's club throw F32/51

The Men's Club Throw F32/51 had its Final held on September 15 at 17:05.

</doc>
<doc id="20008364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008364" title="Taiwan Mobile">
Taiwan Mobile

Taiwan Mobile () is a GSM mobile phone operator based in Taiwan.
Taiwan Mobile started as part of a strategic divestment from the now defunct Pacific Electric Wire & Cable Co. Ltd (listed then in Taiwan main board of securities). PEWC started their telecom venture first by becoming a shareholder (5%) of Iridium LLC in 1994, and this investment place them in high profile, and high risk, following a strategic win in Hong Kong PCS license in 1995 and later rolled out as P Plus Communications in Hong Kong. PEWC also made various business development efforts and tender bids in different wireless licenses in China, Vietnam, Singapore, Indonesia and Philippines. And finally return to Taiwan to bid for the various licenses being liberalised in 1996 and 1997. Taiwam Mobile now also have acquired the stakes in Taiwan Fixed Network.
Taiwan Mobile was previously named Pacific Cellular Corporation (PCC) while the Hong Kong investment holding company was called PEWC Telecommunications Co. Ltd which holds the investment in P-Plus Communications Ltd. PEWC, PCC, Pacific Iridium were part of the overall telecom portfolio. The company had also invested into various telecom and internet businesses and had made a series of merger and acquisitions with retail distribution company, a CRM company and an engineering company that receives outsourcing contract from the combined celcos and telcos.
Today's Taiwan Mobile's logo is more colorful but still have the look of the original satellite gateway station of Iridium with hexagonal shapes. The older logo used to be all red and had a legacy red from the now defunct Pacific Electric Wire & Cable Co. Ltd. 

</doc>
<doc id="20008368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008368" title="Billboard Hot Latin Hits">
Billboard Hot Latin Hits

Billboard Hot Latin Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1998, featuring hit Latin music recordings from the 1980s and 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20008370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008370" title="Cerro Arenas">
Cerro Arenas

Cerro Arenas is a mountain in the Andes of Santiago Metropolitan Region, Chile. It is located west of San José volcano and east of Cerro El Morado. The latter mountain lies on the opposite side of the valley of the Estero Morado, a headwater stream of the Volcán River.

</doc>
<doc id="20008385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008385" title="St. Paul's Chapel (disambiguation)">
St. Paul's Chapel (disambiguation)

St. Paul's Chapel usually refers to a church in New York City built in the 18th century.
St. Paul's Chapel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20008390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008390" title="The Price of Growing Up">
The Price of Growing Up

The Price of Growing Up (生命之旅) is a TVB television series, premiered in 1987. Theme song "The Infinite Journey" (無限旅程) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyrics by Wong Jim, sung by Kenny Bee, and the sub theme song "Still My Heart Was Thinking About You" (仍然心在想你) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyrics by Wong Jim, sung by Kenny Bee and Cally Kwong.

</doc>
<doc id="20008432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008432" title="Russ Pennell">
Russ Pennell

Russ Pennell (born November 28, 1960) is an American basketball coach, who most recently served as interim head coach of the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Pennell was born in Pittsburg, Kansas and graduated from Pittsburg High School. He played college basketball at the University of Arkansas and at Central Arkansas, where he was two-year starter at point guard. Pennell later received his bachelor's and master's degrees from Pittsburg State University.
Biography.
Assistant coach.
He has been an assistant coach at Pittsburg State, Oklahoma State, University of Mississippi, and Arizona State. Pennell coached at Arizona State from 1998 to 2006. He then ran the Arizona Premier AAU summer league program for two seasons. During the 2007-08 season, he was a color analyst for men's basketball on the Arizona State radio network.
Head coach.
On May 5, 2008, Arizona head coach Lute Olson announced the hiring of Pennell as an assistant coach. Pennell became the interim head coach on October 24, when Olson announced his surprise retirement for medical reasons. As interim coach, Pennell has coached the Wildcats to an 19–13 record in the regular season (9–9 conference). Because of Arizona's mid-season success, Pennell had been rumored as a contender for the Pac-10's Coach of the Year. Ultimately, Pennell did not win the award as Arizona slumped at the end of the regular season, but his work as Arizona's coach was enough to get Arizona into the NCAA tournament for the 25th consecutive year. Arizona advanced past the first round, where, as a 12th seed, they upset 5th seed Utah (Arizona's first first round win since 2006) and defeated 13th seed Cleveland State to move on to the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2005. However, Arizona suffered a crushing defeat against overall #1 seed Louisville, losing 103–64. On April 7, Arizona signed Xavier men's basketball coach Sean Miller to a 5-year, $11-million contract, ending Pennell's tenure with the Wildcats.
On April 9, 2009, Pennell was hired as head coach of the men's basketball team at Division II Grand Canyon University, a member of the Pacific West Conference. On March 15, 2013, he resigned, replaced by Dan Majerle.
On August 8, 2013, the Phoenix Mercury announced the hiring of Pennell as interim head coach following the firing of Corey Gaines. Pennell guided the team to the Western Conference finals. He announced after the season that he would not return as coach in 2014, and that he hoped to return to coaching in the college ranks.
Personal life.
Pennell is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20008443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20008443" title="Border Ranges">
Border Ranges

Border Ranges can refer to:

</doc>
