<doc id="20072118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072118" title="Francis Tukey">
Francis Tukey

Francis Tukey (1814 - November 27, 1867) was the City Marshal of Boston, Massachusetts from 1846 to 1852 and a member of the California State Assembly.
Early history.
Francis Tukey was born in Falmouth, Maine in 1814. His family was well established in the area of Falmouth. His father was Benjamin Tukey, as was also the name of his grandfather. His grandfather fought in the Battle of Saratoga during the American Revolution. Upon the town’s celebration of the surrender of General Burgoyne, the elder Benjamin Tukey was killed accidentally. As the celebration had commenced around Alice Greele’s Tavern, Benjamin was mortally wounded by the premature discharge from a cannon. Benjamin Tukey left behind two children: Benjamin, Francis's father, and William. Francis Tukey is described as "5 feet, 9 inches tall, hair black as a raven, eyes large, dark and piercing with a pale face and an infectious smile." Francis Tukey was a mechanic by trade and left Falmouth for Boston, Massachusetts to practice his trade further. After moving to Boston, he decided that he would pursue a career in law instead. Tukey entered the Harvard Law School and graduated after two years in 1843. Francis Tukey was admitted to the Suffolk bar on March 6, 1844.
Entering the law enforcement profession would be Tukey’s calling and he would become appointed as the City Marshal of Boston by Mayor Josiah Quincy Jr. The position had been more of a revolving political door at the time. During the eight years between 1838 and 1846, there were six men appointed to the seat of city marshal. Francis Tukey was the successor to an office held by Benjamin Pollard, Daniel Parkman, Erza Weston, James Blake and Ira Gibbs. Tukey was appointed at the age of only 32 to the high profile position.
Tukey era as City Marshal of Boston.
The early years of Tukey’s era as marshal was relatively quiet compared to what he would encounter close to the end of the decade. He began with the reorganization of the Boston Police Department. Under Tukey, the force increased to 22 officers during the day and 8 at night. They were dispatched throughout the city at $2.00 per day and $1.25 per night. The city was divided into sections and the order was set to clean up the streets of Boston. The increased visibility of officers gave rise to local notoriety to certain constables, such as Derastus Clapp and Samuel Fuller.
During the 1848 public excavation on Boston Common, Tukey and his people discovered stolen money in front of an eager crowd. The January 7 excavation found $1100.00. This was the beginning of his public image in Boston and he welcomed the publicity.
Francis Tukey was a major character in the John White Webster murder trial in 1849. Tukey, as acting city marshal, was the police official in charge of bringing to trial the murder of the beneficiary of the Harvard Medical School, George Parkman. Tukey first learned of the disappearance of Parkman on Friday, 23 November 1849. He was charged with finding Parkman immediately. Robert Gould Shaw and Edward Blake asked for his help and from there it progressed from quietly keeping an eye out to a full scale departmental search of Boston and its surroundings.
Saturday, 24 November, the entire police force of Boston was informed of the disappearance and the man hunt began. Tukey sent messengers fifty or sixty miles outside of Boston to search for Dr. Parkman. The Charles River and Boston Harbor were dredged and put some 28,000 handbills, offering “liberal rewards,” out to citizens asking for his whereabouts. The Saturday news informed the entire area of his disappearance, for those who were not already on the search. Tukey directed a quickly mobilized, widespread search for Dr. Parkman. The search was unsuccessful, so the direction then focused on the last place that Dr. Parkman had been seen: Harvard Medical School.
Ephraim Littlefield found the body of what is believed to be Dr. George Parkman under the privy of John Webster. Tukey had told Officer George W. Trenholm and Littlefield to go in and pass out what they found in the grave. What came out of the hole in the wall were the pelvis, a thigh, and a leg that was believed to be the body of Dr. Parkman. There was only one entrance to the grave and it was from Webster's privy. Tukey issued an order for his officers to proceed in arresting John Webster. Upon his arrest, Tukey was going to be one of the keys to the proceedings as he was putting the case together. The story had caught the public’s attention well outside of Boston and soon became the center of attention to the nation. Tukey needed to keep order in Boston, in addition to allowing tens of thousands of people to witness the actual court proceedings. During the trial, Francis Tukey was examined and cross examined twice; all the while maintaining the order of the courtroom. His testimony included examination of the "Civis Letters" that had been written referring to the disappearance of Dr. Parkman. These three letters gave valuable information on exact happenings in the case, which were mailed directly to the attention of Francis Tukey, but were never able to be identified.
The results of the trial were that John White Webster was convicted and eventually hanged for the murder in 1850. The lasting image of Tukey's work during the trial was of him placing a chain around the courthouse to keep the order inside while the public waited news outside. He placed a steel chain, waste high around the courthouse, in an attempt to keep the inside of the courthouse manageable. Meanwhile, he was still allowing the masses to gaze on the proceedings, at his discretion. Francis Tukey gained national attention during the proceedings, but this still would not be his only mark on Boston Society.
A year later in 1851, Francis Tukey made an important decision for Boston of the time. A runaway slave named Thomas Sims was captured in the city of Boston. The Fugitive Slave Law required his capture and return to Georgia. He was captured on April 3, as the U.S Marines were marching through the streets of Boston in search for him. The trial again captured national attention. The trial commenced and by April 19, Sims was sent back to Georgia on a ship under the full cooperation of Marshal Tukey as the courts saw it fit to return his south.
Shortly thereafter, Tukey began using raids to clean up the city. Tukey had an eye on vice establishments in the city. The early results of the first raid concluded that nine men and sixty women were arrested for prostitution. The following week's raid is known as the "Celebrated Ann Street" raid. There were over 150 arrests made in the red-light district of Boston on 23 April 1851. The targets were gamblers and prostitutes, with Tukey finding great success.
Again in 1851, Francis Tukey instituted a weekly “show-up of rogues.” The policy he established was to have known criminals show up and be identified in public as criminals. This was to make sure that the public knew there faces and could identify the criminals if they had to. The first collection brought 76 pickpockets, burglars, thieves and more that were forced to “run a gauntlet of crowing citizens who tore their clothing and marked their backs with chalk.”
The results of Francis Tukey’s time as city marshal are varied. During Tukey’s reign, it is believed that he neglected the growing number of wandering children in the Boston streets. The children, if taken in, would become apprentices or domestics until they reached adulthood. This was a rather “unenlightened attitude toward juvenile delinquency” in Boston at the time.
Francis Tukey would be the city marshal until 1852, a tenure lasting six years. Benjamin Seaver, the mayor, removed Francis Tukey and most of the Boston Police force and replaced him with Gilbert Nourse Esq (1852–1854). The resignation was forced. Upon his removal, Tukey decided to relocate to Sacramento, California.
Move to California.
Francis Tukey’s decision to leave Boston for Sacramento was not an attempt to leave the public realm behind. Here he became a member of the California State Assembly, with a seat in the 16th District legislature beginning in 1863 and also a member of the Board of Levee. During his time on the Board of Levee, he helped decide the length of term and the process for the election of Levee officials. His time in California did encounter other notoriety as he came in front of the Supreme Court of California as an appeal was filed from a verdict rendered against him by the Sixth Judicial District of California. In this appeal, investment in property bought by another man, D. O. Mills, where Tukey was also an investor came before the court. The issue at hand was that Tukey was an investor on real estate property of lot 4 between J and K streets and Fourth and Fifth streets in Sacramento. The third that was in the possession of Judson and George B. Haycock was sold to Mills. During which time, the taxes had not been paid on the property. The sheriff in Sacramento was deeded to sell the property to recoup the money owed. Tukey, in having failed to pay the taxes, forced the property to be sold and left a loan of $4000.00 to Mill’s debt. The selling of the property was eventually allowed, having the courts agreed to the original decision that the sheriff did have the right to sell the property to reclaim debts and the owner was now in fact D. O. Mills.
Legacy.
Francis Tukey “demonstrated the police as a constant, serious, full-time presence into the social spaces of (Boston).” He patrolled the streets of Boston with the great efficiency. According to Tukey, "there were 227 houses of prostitution known in Boston, along with 26 gambling dens operating and 1500 shops selling liquor, of which 900 were run by Irishmen." He was appointed by the Boston Brahmins to control the growing population of immigrants, especially the Irish who were typically used as scapegoats of the time. Tukey increased the police force and increased the operating budget each year. The police force was so well trained, that it could be brought into “service on any emergency, at short notice, with all the uniformity and efficiency of a disciplined army.” Tukey helped clean the streets in an obvious busy time for Boston. "It may be a question whether Francis Tukey is to the municipality what Fouche` was to the court of Napoleon." He is considered to be the most efficient police officer ever in Boston. Francis Tukey "styled himself as Boston's own Eugène François Vidocq, in regards to the vigilant detection of offenders" by forcing criminals to parade in public and arresting groups of people during police raids. He is also considered by many to be the Napoleon of his time during his reign as city marshal.
Death.
Francis Tukey died in Sacramento, California on November 23, 1868. His burial site is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20072131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072131" title="Richard Paul Lohse">
Richard Paul Lohse

Richard Paul Lohse (September 13, 1902, Zurich - September 16, 1988, Zurich) was a Swiss painter and graphic artist and one of the main representatives of the concrete and constructive art.
Richard Paul Lohse was born in Zürich in 1902. The young Lohse dreams of becoming a painter. However his wish to study in Paris is thwarted due to his difficult economic circumstances. In 1918 he joins the advertising agency Max Dalang where he trains to be an advertising artist. Lohse, the autodidact, paints expressive, late cubist still lifes. In the 1930s his work as a graphic artist and book designer puts him among the pioneers of modern Swiss graphic design; in his painting he works on curved and diagonal constructions. His success allowed him to establish his own graphic design studio in Zürich. 
The legacy of Lohse is not limited to art. He was the rare individual who combined art with a moral consciousness. His idealistic outlook led him toward becoming an activist for immigrants. In the 1930s, he was actively involved in protests, which were illegal under the government of the time. He continued to protest until the beginning of World War II. 
In 1937 Lohse, with Leo Leuppi, cofounds Allianz, an association of Swiss modern artists. In 1938 he helps Irmgard Burchard, with whom he is married for a brief time, to organise the London exhibition "Twentieth Century German Art". His political conviction leads him into the resistance movement where he meets his future wife Ida Alis Dürner.
1943 marks a breakthrough in Lohse's painting: he standardises the pictorial means and starts to develop modular and serial systems. In 1953 he publishes the book "New Design in Exhibitions", and from 1958 he is coeditor of the magazine Neue Grafik/New Graphic Design. Important exhibitions and publications bring Lohse's systematic-constructive art and constructive graphic design worldwide acclaim. He died in Zürich in 1988.
Detailed biography.
1902
Born 13 September in Zürich
1917
First realistic paintings
1918
Apprentice in graphic design at Max Dalang AG (until 1922);
studies at the Kunstgewerbeschule in Zürich under Ernst Keller
1922
Employed in the advertising studio of Max Dalang AG, where he meets Hans Neuburg and Anton Stankowski
1925
Still lifes, landscapes, cubist experimental paintings
1930
Establishes own graphic design studio in Zürich (1931-1934 with former Dalang co-worker Hans Trommer)
1933
Political support for émigrés;
illegal political activities until end of World War II;
co-founder of the Association of Independent Graphic Designers;
begins graphic design work for landscape architect Walter Mertens (until 1944)
1934
Studio and apartment in the Zett-Haus, Zürich, together with artist and gallerist Irmgard Burchard;
member of the association Friends of New Architecture
1935
Curvations
1936
Marriage to Irmgard Burchard (born 1908 in Zürich, died 1964 in Cairo);
participates in the exhibition "Zeitprobleme in der Schweizer Malerei", Kunsthaus Zürich
1937
Co-founder and vice-chairman of Allianz, Association of Modern Swiss Artists;
constructions
1938
Collaboration for the exhibition "Twentieth Century German Art", New Burlington Galleries, London, initiated by Irmgard Burchard;
installs a print exhibition of German and Russian constructivists in Zürich;
begins book design work for Büchergilde Gutenberg (until 1954)
1939
Divorce from Irmgard Burchard;
collaboration for the Swiss national exhibition "Landi", Zürich;
begins graphic design work for turbine builder Escher Wyss (until 1969)
1940
May: Destroys political documents and graphic design works;
sketches ideas of diagonal, vertical and horizontal structures;
co-editor and book designer of Almanac of New Art in Switzerland
1942
Marriage to Ida Alis Dürner (born 1907 in Uttwil, died 1989 in Zürich);
summer: Ida Alis travels to the camp in Gurs (France) to support persecuted people;
member of the Swiss Werkbund;
standardisation of the pictorial means: additive vertical series, objective rhythmic, serial structure systems, quantitative colour equality;
participates in the exhibition "Allianz", Kunsthaus Zürich 
1943
First modular and serial systems
1944
Birth of daughter Johanna; 
works on the publications abstrakt/konkret and Plan;
participates in the exhibition "Concrete Art", Kunsthalle, Basel
1946
Group thematics;
book design for Carola Giedion-Welcker, Poètes à l'Ecart – Anthologie der Abseitigen
1947
Organises with Leo Leuppi the exhibition "Concrete, Abstract, Surrealist Art in Switzerland", Kunstmuseum St. Gallen;
participates in the exhibition "Abstract and Concrete Art", Palazzo Exreale, Milano;
designer and editor of the architectural review Bauen+Wohnen / Building+Home (until 1956);
begins graphic design work for Wohnbedarf (until 1968)
1948
Organiser of the Swiss section in the Salon des Réalités Nouvelles, Paris (also 1950);
participates in the exhibition "Tendencies in Abstract Art", Galerie Denise René, Paris;
"Interrelations between Art and Architecture", a didactic concept for the Architecture Department of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zürich
1949
Swiss Prize for Painting;
attends the CIAM conference, Bergamo
1951
Organises with Sigfried Giedion the Swiss section at the "International Water Color Exhibition" Brooklyn, New York;
participates in the 1st Biennale, São Paulo;
book design for Sigfried Giedion, CIAM – A Decade of New Architecture;
at the 9th Triennale, Milano the review Bauen+Wohnen is awarded the prize "Compasso d'Oro" 
1952
"World Exhibition of Photography", Lucerne – thematic design of the sections Art & Photography and Architecture & Photography
1953
Author and book designer of New Design in Exhibitions; 
contributes to the review spirale
1954
Founding member of the artists’ and architects’ association espace, groupe suisse;
leading positions in the Swiss Werkbund (until 1966)
1957
Mural Three equal themes in five colours for the Swiss Pavilion at the 11th Milan Triennale, architect Alfred Roth (mural now in the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zürich);
first one-person exhibition, Club Bel Etage, Zürich
1958
Edits the review Neue Grafik / New Graphic Design, Olten, with Josef Müller-Brockmann, Hans Neuburg and Carlo Vivarelli (until 1965)
1959
Editor of publication Friedrich Vordemberge-Gildewart on the occasion of his 60th birthday
1960
Retrospective exhibition, Kunstverein Ulm
1961
Retrospective exhibition, Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam
1962
Member of the Exhibition Commission of the Kunsthaus, Zürich (until 1970)
1964
Mural Horizontal rhythm of two themes at the Wier housing estate, Ebnat-Kappel, architect Thomas Schmid
1965
Represents Switzerland at the 8th Biennale in São Paulo
1967
Wall design Four revolving door elements, Paradies-Lenggis school, Jona-Rapperswil, architect Kurt Federer (extended to eight elements in 1971)
1968
Participates in the documenta 4, Kassel
1969
Assists in the creation of the McCrory Corporation Collection, New York (until 1975)
1971
Sikkens Prize of the Netherlands;
one-person exhibition, Moderna Museet, Stockholm
1972
Represents Switzerland at the 36th Biennale, Venezia
1973
Art Prize of the City of Zürich. With the prize money of 12,000 Swiss Francs, Lohse acquires works by 13 young Swiss constructive artists and donates them to the Kunsthaus Zürich;
monograph Richard Paul Lohse, DuMont, Köln 
1975
Appeal to the French Minister of Culture, André Malraux, for the renovation of the Villa Savoie of Le Corbusier (with the SWB and BSA);
exhibition "Modular and Serial Orders", Kunsthalle Düsseldorf (1976 Kunsthaus Zürich)
1977
"World Print Competition 77" prize, San Francisco;
honorary member of "Group of Systematic-Constructive Art", Gorinchem, Netherlands
1978
Exhibition "9 Squares", Van Abbemuseum, Eindhoven, Netherlands
1982
Participates in the documenta 7, Kassel with Thematic series in 18 colours A, B and C;
mural Complementary colour series for the reading room of the Canton Zürich State Archive, architects Jakob Schilling, Claudia Bersin;
honoured by the City of Zürich on 80th birthday
1983
Appeal to Jack Lang, French Minister of Culture, for the renovation of the Aubette, Strasbourg
1986
One-person exhibition, Vienna Secession, and honorary member of the Vienna Secession
1987
Appointed Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters of the French Republic by the Minister of Culture, Jack Lang;
honoured by the City of Zürich on 85th birthday;
establishes the Richard Paul Lohse Foundation, Zürich
1988
Painting Grenoble 1788, commissioned by the French State to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the French Revolution in Grenoble in 1788;
retrospective exhibition at the Musée de Grenoble;
died 16 September in Zürich

</doc>
<doc id="20072133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072133" title="Norton 961 Commando">
Norton 961 Commando

The Norton 961/SS Commando is a motorcycle that was produced by Norton Motorcycles, the Oregon based company that bought the rights to the Norton brand name. Owner Kenny Dreer progressed from restoring and upgrading Norton Commandos to producing whole machines. He modernised the design and in the early 2000s went into production of the VR880. This machine was built on the basis of the original Commando, with upgraded components and a significantly modified engine. Dreer produced 50 of these machines before deciding to build an all-new motorcycle. With funding from Oliver Curme, Dreer hired a small design and development team led by Paul Gaudio (Design and Development Director), Simon-Pierre Smith (Lead Engineer), and Patrick Leyshock (Testing, Sourcing.) The 961 Commando never reached production in America due to lack of funding, and the company closed its doors in April 2006. The Commando 961 SS combined traditional Norton cafe racer styling with new technology. This included carbon fibre wheels to reduce weight, a counterbalanced engine, and a chro-moly tubular steel frame.
Future.
After fifteen years of US ownership the Norton brand has now been secured by Stuart Garner, UK businessman and owner of Norton Racing Ltd. Garner plans to develop a new Norton factory at Donington Park. The relaunched Norton line includes three new versions of the 961 Commando; the 961 SE, 961 Sport and 961 Café Racer.

</doc>
<doc id="20072141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072141" title="1919 Polish coup d'état attempt in Lithuania">
1919 Polish coup d'état attempt in Lithuania

The Polish coup d'état attempt in Lithuania refers to a failed attempt by Polish statesman Józef Piłsudski to overthrow the existing Lithuanian government of Prime Minister Mykolas Sleževičius, and install a pro-Polish cabinet that would agree to a union with Poland. The Polish intelligence agency, the Polish Military Organization (PMO) was to carry out the coup d'etat, planned to be implemented in August 1919. The coup was designed to seem to be an initiative by local Lithuanians aiming to free their government of German influence. The PMO hoped to rely on the assistance of sympathetic Lithuanian activists. They were thwarted by the lack of cooperation and the unwillingness of sufficient number of Lithuanians to support the Polish cause.
After the Sejny Uprising, a Polish revolt against the Lithuanian authorities in one of the disputed border regions, Lithuanian intelligence intensified its investigation of the Polish minority and sympathizers in Lithuania, and uncovered the planned coup. The Lithuanians, not knowing the membership of the PMO, arrested numerous Polish activists and destabilized the PMO network enough to prevent the coup attempt. Later the full membership list was obtained and the PMO in Lithuania was dissolved. The coup further strained Polish–Lithuanian relations.
Background.
Poland and Lithuania formed one state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, from the Union of Lublin in 1569 to the Third Partition in 1795. Both Poland and Lithuania regained their independence in the aftermath of World War I, but both soon became engaged in territorial disputes over the Suwałki and Vilnius Regions. During the Polish–Soviet War, Poland launched an offensive against the Soviet Union and captured Vilnius (Wilno) during the Vilna offensive in April 1919. Lithuanians described Vilnius as their historical capital and an integral part of the ethnographic Lithuania, while to the Poles, because of its large Polish population, it was a Polish city. Poland's Chief of State Józef Piłsudski sought a union with Lithuania in hopes of reviving the old Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (see Międzymorze federation). The Lithuanians believed they would lose their sovereignty under the proposed federation and wanted their own national state. Although Polish–Lithuanian relations were not immediately hostile, they grew worse as each side refused to compromise.
As tensions rose, Lithuania asked the Allied Supreme Council to intervene, and it proposed two demarcation lines to prevent open hostilities, drawn in June and July 1919 (the second one was known as the Foch Line). However, Poland ignored both lines and advanced deeper into the Lithuanian-controlled territory. Faced with pressure from the Entente, Polish Chief of State Józef Piłsudski, who was significantly involved in planning of the coup, did not want open Polish–Lithuanian hostilities, which could led to much bloodshed and even greater tensions between Poland and Lithuania. Instead, since he thought there were enough Polish sympathizers in Lithuania to stage a coup d'etat, he decided to plan one to topple the Lithuanian government.
Preparations.
The planning began mid-July, 1919. At the time Poland signed a ceasefire in the Polish–Ukrainian War; Lithuania was invaded by the Bermontians from the north and the Saxon Volunteers were leaving the Lithuanian Army. Piłsudski was planning to use a network of the Polish Military Organization (PMO), an underground organization he created during World War I for diversionary and intelligence operations-like purposes. On July 31, Piłsudski and Polish diplomat Leon Wasilewski arrived at Vilnius, then controlled by Poland. Piłsudski's visit had no clear explanation. He later said that he arrived to negotiate with Lithuanians, led by Augustinas Voldemaras, while Lithuanian historian Vytautas Lesčius suggests he was holding talks with pro-Polish estate owners from the Vilnius Region. On August 3, Wasilewski arrived at Kaunas, the temporary capital of Lithuania, to negotiate with Prime Minister Mykolas Sleževičius. The Polish mission declared that Poland had no plans to annex Lithuania and proposed a plebiscite in the contested territories, allowing local inhabitants to determine their future. The Lithuanians replied that the disputed territories were an integral part of Lithuania and rejected the idea of a plebiscite. Negotiations broke down and Wasilewski left Kaunas on August 7. The negotiations were then used to evaluate viability of the coup, the preparedness of the PMO, and the attitude of Lithuanian diplomats towards a union with Poland.
After the failure Wasilewski's diplomatic mission, Polish newspapers increased their anti-Lithuanian propaganda. They said that the Council of Lithuania was a pro-German puppet, ignoring popular wishes for a union with Poland as such union would break German influence in the state. The Polish media further reported on growing anti-government sentiment among the Lithuanians. This information was in line with the Polish plans to present the coup as an initiative by the local population to free Lithuania from German domination. While the plotters counted on military intervention by regular Polish troops, the Polish government maintained it had not inspired the coup. The official goal of the Polish plan was to "1) create an independent Lithuania, powerful, truly democratic, connected voluntarily with Poland in a union, with as much internal autonomy as possible and 2) acceptance of the Polish minority in Lithuania as a partner in the Lithuanian government and recognition of the Polish language as equal to the Lithuanian language in Lithuania."
The PMO recruited Lithuanian activists Stanisław Narutowicz, Juozas Gabrys, Jurgis Aukštuolaitis, and Klemensas Vaitiekūnas. On August 20–22, 1919, Wasilewski and Tadeusz Kasprzycki together with Narutowicz and Aukštuolaitis planned out the coup details. During the coup, scheduled for the night from August 28 to 29, the rebels were to capture Kaunas and hold it until the arrival of the Polish regular units invited to protect the city. The Council of Lithuania and the Lithuanian government was to be deposed and replaced by a pro-Polish cabinet. General Silvestras Žukauskas was to be installed as a military dictator of the new Lithuanian government, with Aukštuolaitis as his second-in-command and Narutowicz as the head of the civilian government. General Žukauskas, then chief commander of the Lithuanian forces, was not aware of the coup, but was known for his generally friendly attitude towards Poland and was expected to support the aftermath. Other posts were reserved for Mykolas Biržiška, Jonas Vileišis, Steponas Kairys, Juozas Tūbelis and others, similarly unaware of the coup. Aukštuolaitis was given 800,000 and promised another 300,000 German marks to finance the coup.
Coup discovered.
Eventually, the uprising was doomed by poor communication and the overeagerness of some of the PMO activists. Piłsudski failed to discourage local PMO activists from carrying out the Sejny Uprising in the Suwałki Region. The local PMO disregarded his recommendations and launched the uprising, which while locally successful, led to the failure of the nationwide coup. PMO members in Lithuania stated that the Sejny uprising had damaged their reputation, and many of its former supporters rejected calls by PMO recruiters.
The initial coup was postponed to September 1, 1919. However, some PMO units began their actions (cutting telegraph wires, damaging railways, etc.) as scheduled previously – on the night of August 27 to 28. The Lithuanian intelligence intercepted and decoded the order to delay the coup. They had known before that Poles were plotting, but did not know who and when. The Lithuanian government was informed about the cut telegraph wires and intercepted order in the morning of August 28. However, the government did not consider the threat real and did not take appropriate action.
A group of 18 Lithuanian Army officers, with tacit approval from Sleževičius, took the initiative. Afraid that PMO members infiltrated the military, they secretly decided to begin mass arrests of Polish supporters on the night from August 28 to 29. Since they did not know who exactly was behind the conspiracy, the Lithuanians arrested more prominent Polish activists in Kaunas. Several dozen Poles were arrested the first night, including Aukštuolaitis and 23 Polish officers serving in the Lithuanian Army. By the second night the number of arrested Poles grew to 200. Kaunas was declared under a state of siege. The Polish press noted mass arrests of Polish activists "to whom no charge can be ascribed other than being Poles" and concluded that this was proof of the systematic anti-Polish policies of the German-ridden Lithuanian government.
Because the Lithuanians did not have a list of PMO members, they did not arrest the main leaders. Also, provincial PMO branches remained intact. Therefore, on September 17, 1919, new orders were issued scheduling the second coup attempt for the end of September. This attempt was also discovered. A Lithuanian woman succeeded in convincing Petras Vrubliauskas, PMO deputy commander in Vilnius, to transfer the PMO document archive to the Lithuanians. On September 21, the Lithuanians obtained a full list of PMO members and supporters and arrested them in the following days. The PMO branch in Lithuania ceased to function and was liquidated.
Aftermath and evaluation.
The Lithuanians charged 117 persons during a military trial on December 11–24, 1920. Six leaders received life sentences. Other sentences ranged from 15 years to 8 months in prison. At least 15 individuals were acquitted. By 1928 there were no PMO members in Lithuanian prisons: some were exchanged for Lithuanian prisoners or released early. General Žukauskas was removed from his post as the commander of the Lithuanian Army and had to battle the perceived friendliness to Poland for much of his further career. The Polish government initially denied that there was any coup; later it admitted that locals planned an uprising, but claimed it had no part in it. The coup further strained the Polish–Lithuanian relations, making Lithuanians even more uncompromising and afraid of Polish annexation.
The planned coup was criticized by historians as unrealistic for the following reasons. Piłsudski's plan was based on false assumptions and faulty intelligence, which incorrectly indicated that the Sleževičius government was deeply unpopular, and that the general Lithuanian population was relatively friendly to Poland. No notable ethnic Lithuanian politicians declared support for the plan; the plan relied on support from General Žukauskas, but his support was never confirmed; Narutowicz, who was to head the civilian government, was a Pole; the PMO was weak and incapable of taking control if the coup met any significant resistance; and intervention of the Polish army would have led to bloodshed and undermined the idea of a voluntary union or alliance with Poland. The only group that supported the coup was the Polish minority in Lithuania, increasingly alienated by Lithuanian government policies. However, according to the Lithuanian census of 1923, the minority constituted 3.2% of the population outside the Vilnius Region. On the ground, the uprising was doomed by poor communication and the overeagerness of some of the PMO activists.

</doc>
<doc id="20072147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072147" title="La Digue (film)">
La Digue (film)

La Digue is a 1911 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. It was Gance's debut film. The film was never released. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072153" title="Rijswijk railway station">
Rijswijk railway station

Rijswijk is a railway station located in Rijswijk in the suburbs of The Hague, Netherlands. The station was opened on 3 June 1847 and is located on the Amsterdam–Rotterdam railway, between The Hague and Rotterdam. It was later enlarged, and then closed in 1938. In 1965 it opened in a different location.
The station has been in a tunnel since 1996, with 4 tracks and 4 platforms. The northern entrance is a modern glass pyramid sticking out of the ground, the southern entrance, on Winston Churchilllaan, is combined with a local bus and tram station.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Rijswijk:

</doc>
<doc id="20072181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072181" title="Texnikoi Engineering Honorary">
Texnikoi Engineering Honorary

Texnikoi was founded in 1924 as an honorary organization for students in the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University for the purpose of giving due recognition to those members of the College of Engineering who have distinguished themselves as campus leaders while maintaining, at the same time, a commendable scholastic record.
Texnikoi Engineering Honorary allows for only 25 new inductees each year from a variety of the engineering specializations. To be considered for membership he/she must be an engineering student at The Ohio State University with an above average cumulative GPA and a status of sophomore or above. Members will then be chosen by the amount and level of extra-curricular activity. Applications for membership are reviewed in early November each year.
Values.
The three main values of Texnikoi are:
Through Texnikoi’s emphasis on leadership and participation, it has always been able to select the top quality engineering students. The number of activities participated in by a student is not necessarily indicative of his/her qualification for membership in this fraternity, but rather the manner in which he/she has assumed active leadership, administrative ability, and integrity.
History.
Founding.
Texnikoi Engineering Honorary Fraternity was founded in 1924 at The Ohio State University as an honorary organization for students in the College of Engineering. At the time that this organization was founded, a number of the students felt that some effort should be made to recognize outstanding work in the extra-curricular field.
Endowment.
Even as the founder of Sakrete and the inventor of the bagged concrete industry, Avril never forgot about his roots. In 1989 he raised close to $250,000 for the Texnikoi organization by auctioning off his 1954 Mercedes Benz 300SL Gullwing. It is this donation that has allowed for the thousands of dollars in scholarships awarded to outstanding members each year, and for the coverage of operating expenses of the honorary.
Symbols and Traditions.
Meetings - Texnikoi holds meeting once a month during the regular school year. Meetings serve two purposes; to inform members of the upcoming service, philanthropy, and social events, and to allow engineers to meet other engineers and create a social network.
Plaques - The Texnikoi plaque is a hand crafted representation of the Texnikoi symbol. At the beginning of every initiation period, members are instructed to make a plaque to represent the symbol of Texnikoi. Initiates are only given an unfinished die cast of the 'TNK' symbol and criteria as to which the aspects of the plaque must fall into. Plaques are due before initiation and then given back to the newly initiated members as symbol of their membership. Alumni who have lost their plaques may request a new one be made by contacting the current President or Adviser of Texnikoi.
Texnikoi Outstanding Alumni Award - The Texnikoi Award was first presented in 1955 and has been given annually since then. The requirements of the recipient are as follows:
1. A person who has risen rapidly in the field of engineering.
2. A person who has made outstanding contributions through civic and social activities.
3. A person of approximately 40 years of age or under.
4. A person from one of the engineering departments not recognized in the recent past.
The precedence has been established that a department should not be considered for two years after one of their alumni receives the award.

</doc>
<doc id="20072184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072184" title="From Paris with Love (film)">
From Paris with Love (film)

From Paris with Love is a 2010 action film starring John Travolta and Jonathan Rhys Meyers and directed by Pierre Morel. The screenplay was co-written by Luc Besson. The film was released in the United States on February 5, 2010.
Plot.
A personal aide to the U.S. Ambassador in France, James Reese (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) has an enviable life in Paris and a beautiful French girlfriend, but his real passion is his side job as a low-level operative for the CIA. Reese wants to become a higher level agent with more responsibilities. As the result of a shortage of agents in France, he is assigned as a partner to secret agent Charlie Wax (John Travolta).
Reese's first test is to have Wax released from airport detention by the French Customs when Wax does not want to surrender the cans of his favorite energy drink. Despite the apparent triviality of an energy drink that Wax could probably purchase in Paris, Wax continues to verbally abuse French Customs until Reese places a Diplomatic Mail sticker on Wax's luggage containing the energy drink, which makes them immune from Customs and Quarantine requirements.
Once in the car, Wax apologizes for his behavior while opening the tins and revealing the concealed pieces of his personal SIG Sauer, which he refers to as "Mrs. Jones". Wax explains that he has been sent to Paris to investigate a drug ring at least indirectly responsible for the death of a woman who happens to be the niece of the Secretary of Defense.
During the investigation, Wax reveals that there was no overdose—their goal is to trace the money back to a circle of Pakistani terrorists. Evidence leads them to the terrorists, resulting in an armed confrontation in which most of the terrorists are neutralized. Wax and Reese learn that the terrorists plan to infiltrate the U.S. Embassy with explosives hidden beneath their burkas. As they collect evidence, they find photographs of Agent Reese pinned to a wall.
Ultimately, Reese learns that the terrorists are targeting a summit meeting. Wax discovers that Reese's fiancee Caroline (Kasia Smutniak) is a "sleeper" agent who was assigned to infiltrate them. When confronted, Caroline shoots Reese in the shoulder and escapes through a window. A Volvo picks her up on the street below.
Caroline attempts to detonate an explosive vest while the last remaining terrorist in the Volvo attacks a US motorcade traveling to the summit by speeding towards them, wired with explosives. Wax destroys the vehicle with an AT4 rocket launcher just in the nick of time. Reese finds Caroline at the summit and attempts to dissuade her from carrying out her mission by professing his love. She attempts to detonate her vest anyway and Reese is forced to kill her.
As Wax leaves Paris, Reese escorts him to his plane. Wax offers a full-time partnership. The two play a game of chess on the tarmac, placing their handguns on a utility cart, Reese revealing that he is now carrying a Desert Eagle pistol and earning another modicum of admiration from his new partner.
Reception.
The film has received mixed reviews from different critics. The film holds a 'Rotten' rating of 38% on Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus being 'Though not without its charms—chief among them John Travolta's endearingly over-the-top performance—From Paris with Love is too muddled and disjointed to satisfy.' "Rolling Stone" gave one star out of four, stating, 'From Paris With Love has no vital signs at all, just crushing dull repetition that makes one noisy, violent scene play exactly like the last one.'
Box office.
The film opened in the US on February 5, 2010 and took $8,158,860 on its opening weekend, ranked #3 in the charts in 2,722 theaters. The movie was open in the US from February 5, 2010 until March 11, 2010, a total of 5 weeks. Its final US domestic gross was $24,077,427. It also took just over $28m internationally for a worldwide total of $52,365,407- just grossing back its $52m budget. In July 2010 "Parade Magazine" listed the film as the #4 on its list of "Biggest Box Office Flops of 2010 (So Far)."
DVD.
The movie was released on DVD in the US on June 8, 2010 and has so far sold 624,791 units for a gross of $11,085,323. It was the #3 biggest selling DVD in its opening week, behind "Alice in Wonderland" and "Shutter Island", with 293,011 units sold. The movie was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the UK on August 2, 2010.
Possible sequel.
In an interview with "Celebrity Examiner", Luc Besson commented that he would love to see "From Paris With Love" turn into a franchise with sequels.
Travolta said in an interview with "The Star Ledger":
“We could do, ‘From London With Love,’ ‘From Prague With Love.’ This is one of the only movies that I would enjoy as a franchise. I’m not a big sequel person, but this one I would love.”
As of 2013, there has been no further information on the proposed sequel.

</doc>
<doc id="20072185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072185" title="Riddell">
Riddell

Riddell is an American company specializing in sports equipment for American football. It is headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois.
The company was started by John Tate Riddell. Riddell first invented the removable cleat and then went on to invent the first ever plastic suspension helmet in 1939. In 2008, Dan Arment was appointed president of Riddell. Arment previously worked as executive vice-president and general manager of mass-market business for Easton-Bell Sports, Riddell's parent company, which is owned by private equity firm Fenway Partners. Fenway acquired the company in 2003 from Lincolnshire Management. In 2008, Riddell sued competitor Schutt Sports. Two years later, Schutt filed a lawsuit, also for patent-infringement, against Riddell. Riddell ended up winning, leading to Schutt filing for bankruptcy.
Football helmets.
Riddell is widely known for its line of football helmets.
In 2002, Riddell released a new helmet design called the Revolution or "Revo" for short [http://www.riddell1.com/newsite/product_com.php?cPath=104_76_105]. The newer design was released in response to a study on concussions. The design is becoming more popular in the NFL and NCAA, being used by notables such as Peyton Manning, Dwight Freeney, Casey Hampton, and Brady Quinn, as well as having been used by Eli Manning during the 2005 season.
Riddell is also known for its Revolution IQ HITS helmet (Head Impact Telemetry System). The sensors inside the helmet called MX Encoders store data from each impact and can be transferred to a laptop to be reviewed by coaching staff or physicians. The helmets cost about $999 and are already being used by NCAA football teams.
Other helmet styles produced by Riddell include the Revolution Speed and the Revolution IQ. The company also produces a youth line of helmets including the Revolution Speed Youth, Revolution IQ Youth, Revolution Youth, Revolution Little Pro, Attack, VSR-4, VSR2-Y and Little Pro.
Riddell is currently being sued by multiple NFL players. More than 125 former NFL players are now suing the league and helmet-maker Riddell for not disclosing and, in some instances, allegedly hiding the risks of repeated head injuries. There are "at least three" personal injury cases pending in California and one more in Pennsylvania. According to the AP, the cases represent the "first examples of former players joining together to file concussion-related lawsuits against the NFL." Lawyer Thomas Girardi represents dozens of the players in two of the complaints. He says the goal is to enact "necessary changes" to protect future generations of players, as well as "setup a medical process so [the plaintiffs can have medical attention for this injury as long as they need it," in addition to financial compensation. The NFL is taking the position that players knew the risks when they made football their career and that there was "no misconduct or liability" on the league's part. The question of what the NFL knew and when they knew it regarding concussion is likely to be the sticking point. Players intend to show there was "a history of literature showing that multiple blows to the head can cause long-term damage" that got buried by the NFL and that the league also "fraudulently concealed the long-term effects of concussions," including the increased risk of dementia. The players appear to have allies in Washington. Yesterday, a Senate subcommittee held hearings on misleading safety claims made by sports equipment companies. One thing is certain: it's going to be a long slog for both sides, without a clear endgame. For example, the players are seeking judgments "in the millions of dollars," though no specific numbers have been listed in the court documents. The consensus from lawyers on both sides is that the lawsuits could take years to be sorted out. Nobody associated with the players, the league, or Riddell was even "willing to guess how long it could be" during discussions with the AP.

</doc>
<doc id="20072190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072190" title="Fortuna Hjørring">
Fortuna Hjørring

Fortuna Hjørring is a women's association football team that play in Hjørring, Denmark. The club was formed in 1966 and play in green and white. Their main achievement in women's European football was reaching the 2002–03 UEFA Women's Cup Final.
The next try at a European Cup came in 2009–10 with the newly created UEFA Women's Champions League. In the round of 32 they defeated Italians Bardolino but then lost the round of 16 to eventual finalist Lyon. The next season, they started in the round of 32 and again defeated Bardolino. In the round of 16 they lost to FCR Duisburg.
Players.
Former players.
"For details of former players, see :Category:Fortuna Hjørring players." 
European History.
UEFA Women's Cup
UEFA Women's Champions League

</doc>
<doc id="20072232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072232" title="St. Mary's College (Delaware)">
St. Mary's College (Delaware)

St. Mary's College was a Catholic college in Delaware from 1841 until 1866.
St. Mary's College was founded in Wilmington, Delaware, in 1841 by Patrick Reilly. Its enrollment peaked at 120 students in 1857. Its fortunes declined during the American Civil War and it closed in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="20072243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072243" title="Dušan Žanko">
Dušan Žanko

Dušan Žanko (10 November 1904 in Trilj – 23 January 1980 in Caracas) was a Croatian writer and the intendant of the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb from 1941 to 1943.
He graduated from the Franciscan Classical Gymnasium in Široki Brijeg in 1924. During this time he was a member of the Croatian Eagles Association. He graduated in history from the University of Zagreb in 1928. He subsequently worked as a gymnasium professor in Zagreb. In the 1930s he was one of the leaders of the Crusader Brotherhood in Croatia, and was also active in Catholic Action. 
From 22 April 1941 to 8 November 1943 he was intendant of the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb. During his time as intendant, he led Zagreb's opera company on performances in Venice, Florence and Rome in April 1942 and to Vienne in 1943. In January 1943, Bucharest's opera singers guested at the theatre, performing Aida and Carmen. After his stint at the theatre, he was employed in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as a cultural-economic representative to France. 
On 6 May 1945 Žanko emigrated. He spent the next few years at the refugee camp in Fermo. On 4 October 1946 the Yugoslav government requested his return to face trial, but the request was never carried out. In 1948 he moved to Argentina, before settling in Venezuela in 1954. In emigration he was active in the magazine Hrvatska revija and was president of the printing house "Zajednica izdanja Ranjeni labud". He attended the canonization of Nikola Tavelić in Rome on 21 June 1970. Žanko attended the founding of the Croatian National Council in Toronto in 1974 and remained a member of the organization until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20072252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072252" title="Swante M. Swenson">
Swante M. Swenson

Swante M. Swenson (February 24, 1816 - June 13, 1896) was the founder of the SMS Ranches in West Texas. It was through his efforts that Swedish immigration to Texas was begun in 1848. 
Biography.
Svante Magnus Svenson was born at Lättarp, Barkeryds Parish, Jönköping, Sweden. He migrated to America in 1836, where he worked in New York City before traveling to New Orleans and then to Galveston. In 1850 Swenson moved to Austin and established a mercantile business with his uncle Swante Palm. While running the business, Swenson continued to buy Texas Railroad Certificates and to acquire land. Swenson arranged passage for Swedish families principally from Smaland, who in turn worked for Swenson to pay off the price of the ticket. Most of the early immigrants also bought land from Swenson.
Swenson began shipments of the Texas pecan to the North and East; and in 1850 established himself in the general merchandise and banking business at Austin. In Austin, Swenson also served two terms (in 1852 and 1856) as a Travis County commissioner and in 1853 became the first treasurer of the State Agricultural Society. 
In 1854 he invested in the Buffalo Bayou, Brazos and Colorado Railway, which gained him acres of land in northwestern and western Texas. Swenson's greatest interest lay in the accumulation of land. He traded many of the manifold supplies carried by his large frontier trading post for Texas railroad land certificates. Under the privilege then accorded to holders and owners of such certificates to file on any untaken state land, Swenson in 1854 began acquiring acreage of unclaimed properties in Northwest Texas. By 1860 he owned over 128,000 acres around Austin, in addition to his West Texas holdings, which had increased to nearly 500,000 acres.
SMS Ranches eventually became one of the largest landowners in Texas. Swenson leased his ranch holdings to his sons, who operated the ranches under the name of Swenson Brothers Cattle Company from headquarters in Stamford, Texas.
Swenson established the banking house of S. M. Swenson and Sons in New York City. Though he lived in New York, he maintained his ties to Texas, operating a clearinghouse for Texas products, continuing his work as a cotton agent, and regularly visiting his extensive land holdings. Swenson died in Brooklyn, New York, and was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York). 

</doc>
<doc id="20072268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072268" title="SMS ranches">
SMS ranches

The SMS Ranches were a famous group of cattle ranches located in West Texas.
Background.
Swante M. Swenson migrated to America from Sweden during 1836. In 1850 Swenson moved to Austin, Texas and established a mercantile business with his uncle Swante Palm. While running the business, Swenson continued to buy railroad land and then bought school scripts to acquire additional property. In 1854 Svenson invested in the Buffalo Bayou, Brazos and Colorado Railway, which gained him acres of land in northwestern and western Texas.
SMS Ranches eventually became one of the largest landowners in Texas. At their peak, the SMS Ranches occupy considerable portions of twelve counties in the lower plains area of West Texas and comprise more than . The ranches were named for the initials of the founder, Swante M. Swenson. The SMS brand, consisting of an extended M sandwiched between two reversed S's, was registered by the Swensons in the spring of 1882. At one time most, if not all, foremen of the SMS Ranches were immigrant Swedes. Swenson leased his holdings to his sons, who operated them under the name of Swenson Brothers Cattle Company from headquarters in Stamford, Texas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072274" title="1998 Iranian diplomats murder in Afghanistan">
1998 Iranian diplomats murder in Afghanistan

The 1998 Iranian diplomats assassination in Afghanistan refers to the siege of the Iranian consulate in Mazar-i-Sharif, Afghanistan during the capture of Mazari Sharif by Taliban forces on August 8, 1998. Initially the death of 8 Iranian diplomats was reported, but later two other diplomats and a journalist were also confirmed dead. The killings of the diplomats had however been carried out by Sipah-e-Sahaba, a Pakistani Sunni group with close ties to the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence.
Background.
Before this incident, Iran was supportive of the "rebel alliance", and the city of Mazari Sharif was one of the headquarters of the alliance. After the capture of the city, hundreds of Hazara, Tajiks, and Uzbeks were killed. UN Human Rights reports indicate that after the fall of the city, "Taliban forces carried out a systematic search for male members of the ethnic Hazara, Tajik, and Uzbek communities in the city. The Hazaras, a Persian-speaking Shi’a ethnic group, were particularly targeted, in part because of their religious identity. During the house-to-house searches, scores and perhaps hundreds of Hazara men and boys were summarily executed, apparently to ensure that they would be unable to mount any resistance to the Taliban."
The events.
On August 8, 1998 Taliban forces captured Mazar-i-Sharif, a city in northern Afghanistan. After this incident, 11 Iranian diplomats and a correspondent from Iran's state news agency (IRNA) were attacked at the Iranian consulate and subsequently disappeared. Unofficial reports from the city indicated that all these men were killed. Later it was confirmed that 8 of the Iranian diplomats and the IRNA correspondent were killed by the Taliban militia attacking the consulate. The Taliban spokesmen said the Iranians had been killed by renegade forces who had acted without orders. It was also reported that some of the personnel of the consulate were taken hostage by the invaders, but they were later released.
Aftermath.
This incident caused a public furor in Iran and many observers were worried Iran would be involved in a military response to the attack. At the time, more than 70,000 Iranian troops were deployed along the Afghan border. Mediation by the United Nations defused the situation and all the hostages were eventually released. Later in February 1999, Iran and Taliban held talks, but Iranian-Taliban relations did not improve.
August 8 is named "Reporters' Day" in Iran, in memory of Mahmoud Saremi, the IRNA correspondent killed in this attack. 
Proposed street name in Afghanistan.
In 2012, a controversy erupted in Afghanistan over the proposed naming of a street in Balk province of Afghanistan in memory of the slain Iranian diplomats. This Iranian proposition angers "many Afghans who view the Iranian diplomats as spies who had tried to divide Afghanistan along sectarian lines in order to create a Shi'ite-dominated buffer state on Iran's eastern border. One member of the Afghan parliament stated, "the people who were killed there may have been spies, but now they name the roads in their honor... if you see how Afghans in Iran are not allowed to attend Friday Prayers, how they don't have permission to attend the religious schools, or how Iran executes innocent Afghans, it is shameful for us to rename our streets in honor of their spies." Others such as Balkh governor Atta Muhammad Nur defends the naming of the street. Afghan analyst Razaq Mamoon said that a majority of Afghans oppose the name change. "This is an extraordinary decision and it is not compatible with Afghanistan's laws... It will be opposed by a majority of the people. The reason is that the street named after Abu Muslim-i Khorasani current name of the street is a central road of the city. Naming it to honor nine or 10 Iranian spies will be an insult to Abu Muslim-i Khorasani and Afghan culture."

</doc>
<doc id="20072279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072279" title="The Mask of Horror">
The Mask of Horror

The Mask of Horror () is a 1912 short silent French horror film directed by Abel Gance.

</doc>
<doc id="20072285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072285" title="Antenna Measurement Techniques Association">
Antenna Measurement Techniques Association

The Antenna Measurement Techniques Association (AMTA) is a non-profit professional organization for members involved in research and development of antenna and radar-scattering measurements. The principal objective of AMTA is to provide a forum for the exchange of information on electromagnetic measurement techniques and problems. AMTA’s annual symposium record includes topics in measurement methods, instrumentation techniques, facility development, and accuracy assessments.
From the initial AMTA meeting, held in 1979, to the current year, marking the 30th annual symposium, the size of the meetings has grown steadily. The membership has grown from 30 to 500 and the number of papers presented at the yearly symposium has grown from 20 to over 100.
Threads common throughout AMTA’s history include understanding and quantifying accuracy limitations, improved diagnostic methods, cost-effective implementations, and novel solutions to challenging measurement problems. These continuing needs are expected to spur new developments in future years.
AMTA also collaborates with other technical professional organizations such as the IEEE Antenna Propagation Society (AP-S) and EuCAP to host symposiums on antenna measurements in the United States and Europe.
AMTA offers its members an on-line archive of technical papers presented at its annual symposiums.

</doc>
<doc id="20072290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072290" title="Go Hard or Go Home">
Go Hard or Go Home

Go Hard or Go Home is the fifth album released by rapper, Fiend. It was released on August 31, 2004 for his label Fiend Entertainment and was produced by him and his former No Limit labelmates, Beats By the Pound. "Go Hard or Go Home" peaked at #81 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
See also.
"Go Hard Or Go Home" are also tracks released by:

</doc>
<doc id="20072309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072309" title="KFXZ-FM">
KFXZ-FM

KFXZ-FM (105.9 FM, "Z 105.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Opelousas, Louisiana. The station is owned by Pittman Broadcasting Services LLC. It airs an urban adult contemporary format.
The station was assigned the KFXZ-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on March 4, 2007.
History.
The station started out as an Alternative Rock station, but was later replaced as an easy listening jazz station.
The station had been broadcasting a classic country format until November 4, 2008, when the format was changed to Urban AC. The new format featured the syndicated Tom Joyner Morning Show.
On October 28, 2012 KFXZ-FM changed their format from urban AC to country, branded as "Cat Country 105.9".
On May 1, 2013 KFXZ-FM changed their format back to urban AC, branded as "Z 105.9".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20072312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072312" title="Christ Fellowship">
Christ Fellowship

Christ Fellowship is a non-denominational Christian megachurch, located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. According to "Outreach Magazine", Christ Fellowship is currently the 25th largest church in the United States.
The founding senior pastor is Tom Mullins. The current Senior Pastor is Todd Mullins, and the Teaching Pastor is John C. Maxwell.
Christ Fellowship currently has five South Florida campuses: Palm Beach Gardens (main campus), CityPlace (West Palm Beach), Royal Palm, Boynton, and Stuart. Christ Fellowship also holds a service in Spanish called CF in Español and streams weekend services live on their website. The four campuses together average over 15,000 in attendance each weekend. The church also was 26th in 2005 and 30th in 2006 on the list of the fastest growing U.S. churches.
Television Ministry.
The church launched a television ministry in October 2011. In its first year, it reached over one million viewers. The thirty minute Sunday morning program originally broadcast on two local stations in West Palm Beach, Florida, WPBF and FOX. It currently broadcasts on WPBF Channel 25 at 10:00 a.m.
Outreach Ministry.
The mission statement of Christ Fellowship is "Impacting our world with the love and message of Jesus Christ." Christ Fellowship has several outreach ministries in the South Florida Area. It funds and operates Place of Hope, Place of Hope international, and Place of Hope Villages. The Student Ministries of Christ Fellowship in recent years have carried out annual missions trips to Belle Glade. Recently, Christ Fellowship has launched a new expansion which includes spreading its mission impact region to Haiti, and Belle Glade by opening new mission centers.

</doc>
<doc id="20072339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072339" title="Codetermination in Germany">
Codetermination in Germany

Codetermination in Germany is a concept with a solid history that involves the right of workers to participate in management of the companies they work for. Known as "Mitbestimmung", the modern law on codetermination is found principally in the "Mitbestimmungsgesetz" of 1976. The law allows workers to elect representatives (usually trade union representatives) for almost half of the supervisory board of directors. The legislation is separate from the main German company law Act for public companies, the "Aktiengesetz". It applies to public and private companies, so long as there are over 2000 employees. For companies with 500-2000 employees, one third of the supervisory board must be elected.
There is also legislation in Germany, known as the "Betriebsverfassungsgesetz", whereby workers are entitled to form Works Councils at local shop floor level.
Goals of codetermination.
Views differ on the goals of codetermination in general. Academic social reformers of a liberal persuasion maintain that workers are not merely factory parts, but citizens with equal rights. The Prussian state aimed for a conciliatory policy between capital and labour, and worker committees were one way to involve and bind workers into a system, and avoid conflict. In return unions conceded objectives on the establishment of a socialist state.
Codetermination aims principally to give worker a voice in the company decisions. This means matters on organisation of the business, the conditions of work and the management of personal and economic decisions affecting the future of the company and jobs. Workers therefore choose Works council representatives and members of the board to represent them.
Interests of workers.
On the assumption that the primary goal of employers is to maximise profits in the interests of shareholders, codetermination can reorient the company's goals in the interests of workers. A better balance may be struck so that the company interests are not so one sided. For unions, codetermination is part of democratising the economy. It is also a way for workers to better the terms and conditions of their contracts in an orderly and regulated way.
Interests of employers.
Much economic discussion mentions the thesis that employers also have an interest in codetermination. It can be an instrument for long term increase in productivity of the company. Some economists dispute this on the basis that the losses in efficiency in production outweigh any gains in productivity.
Types of codetermination.
Three forms of codetermination are distinguished,
According to the "Betriebsverfassungsgesetz" (BetrVG, Industrial Relations Law) the worker has a claim to codetermination about his own work position. He has to be informed about his position and responsibilities, and the job procedures (see also, the "Arbeitsschutzgesetz"). He has a right of making suggestions and to inspect certain company documents.
Operational codetermination ("Betriebliche Mitbestimmung") concerns the organisation of the business, job arrangements, personal planning, guidelines for hiring, social services, time registration and performance assessments. This is found in the "Betriebsverfassungsgesetz" (BetrVG, Industrial Relations Law).
The "Betriebsrat" or works council is the organ of operational codetermination. In the public sector it is known as the "Personalrat" (or staff council).
Corporate codetermination ("Unternehmensmitbestimmung") concerns private (GmbH) and public limited companies (AktG). The "Drittelbeteiligungsgesetz" provides for one third of the supervisory board to be elected by workers in companies with more than 500 employees. For companies with more than 2000 employees the "Mitbestimmungsgesetz" requires half of the supervisory board ("Aufsichtsrat") to be representative of the workers (subject to the chairman of the board being a shareholder appointee). In the coal, mining and steel industry the "Montan-Mitbestimmungsgesetz" allows complete parity between workers and shareholders for companies with over 1000 workers.
In December 2005 there were 729 companies with supervisory boards regulated by the "Mitbestimmungsgesetz" and around 30 under the "Montanmitbestimmungsgesetz".
Codetermination laws.
Coal and Steel Codetermination Act of 1951.
After threats of massive strikes by unions the "Gesetz über die Mitbestimmung der Arbeitnehmer in den Aufsichtsräten und Vorständen der Unternehmen des Bergbaus und der Eisen- und Stahlerzeugenden Industrie vom 21. Mai 1951" was passed on the 7th of June, 1951. It provided for equal representation on the supervisory board of directors for workers and employers.
On the worker side, representatives are to name a "further member" who acts explicitly in the interests of the community. The purpose was that in the lead up to World War, these companies were seen to openly support the Nazis financially. To prevent a stalemate on the board, a neutral member is to be appointed, which the parties must agree on. On the management board, one member must be a Staff-director ("Arbeitsdirecktor") who cannot be appointed against the votes of the worker directors on the supervisory board.
Companies attempted to avoid the effects of the law after it was passed. The steel company Mannesmann registered another holding company outside the steel industry, intended to avoid the law. In response the "Mitbestimmungsergänzungsgesetz" (the Codetermination Supplementary Act, known as "Lex Mannesmann") was passed to prevent the practice.
Works Councils Act of 1952.
Passed on the 11 October 1952, this law introduce one third selection of supervisory board directors by workers (§§ 76 ff. BetrVG). An exception is made for family companies. For each two shareholder members, the works council can send a third worker representative. They may also participate in committees of the supervisory board.
Works Councils Act of 1972.
On 15 January 1972 the Act of 1952 was updated giving more powers for participation in personal and social affairs of company employees. Individual worker rights were strengthened in relation to unions.
Third Participation Act 2004.
On 18 May 2004 the "Drittelbeteiligungsgesetz" replaced, and made minor amendments to the "Betriebsverfassungsgesetz".

</doc>
<doc id="20072350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072350" title="Commonwealth (album)">
Commonwealth (album)

Commonwealth is the title of a 1981 album by progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival on the Flying Fish label. This album was the last one for two band members, Courtney Johnson and Curtis Burch, who cited fatigue with the band's touring schedule.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="20072368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072368" title="British Rail Telecommunications">
British Rail Telecommunications

In May 1837 William Fothergill Cooke (1806-1879) and Professor Charles Wheatstone (1802-1875) entered into a partnership, and on 10 June patented a five-needle telegraph for which five wires were necessary. The telegraph worked by deflecting any two of the needles at the same time to point to any one of 20 letters on the grid behind the needle. Sending and receiving messages was a slow process, as each word had to be spelt out. With only 20 letters on the grid, the spelling sometimes contained inaccuracies. On 25 July, Wheatstone’s and Cooke’s telegraph was demonstrated to the directors of the London and Birmingham Railway between Euston and Camden Town, a distance of just under a mile.
In 1839 the world’s first commercial telegraph line using the Cooke and Wheatstone five-needle system was commissioned by the Great Western Railway and built between Paddington and West Drayton, a distance of 13 miles. It was working to Hanwell by 6 April and was completed to West Drayton on 9 April. The public could pay one shilling (5p) to view the telegraph and could send their own telegrams. The undertaking marked the first commercial use of electricity. The line was later extended to Slough, but when it was proposed to carry it to Bristol, the Directors of the railway company objected and the agreement with Cooke and Wheatstone was rejected. Eventually, it was agreed that Cooke was allowed to retain the wires in position on condition that he worked the system at his own expense and sent the railway signals free of charge.
British Rail Telecommunications was created by British Rail (BR). It was the largest private telecoms network in Britain, consisting of 17,000 route kilometres of fibre optic and copper cable which connected every major city and town in the country and provided links to continental Europe through the Channel Tunnel.
BR also operated its own national trunked radio network providing dedicated train-to-shore mobile communications, and in the early 1980s BR helped establish Mercury Communications’, now C&WC, core infrastructure by laying a resilient ‘figure-of-eight’ fibre optic network alongside Britain’s railway lines, spanning London, Bristol, Birmingham, Leeds and Manchester.
Realising the enormous commercial potential, BR Telecommunications Limited (BRT) was created in 1992 to exploit its wayleave rights and to take responsibility for the management and maintenance of the industry’s voice, data and radio networks associated with the operational running of the railway and its business needs.
BRT was bought by Racal Electronics in 1995 and became Racal-BRT. This merged with Racal Network Services (RNS) in 1997 to become Racal Telecom. Two companies, Thales Translink and Thales Fieldforce evolved from Racal Telecom in 1999 and were merged into Thales Telecommunications Services (TTS) in April 2002. TTS provides specialist telecoms services to the UK transport market.
On 1 April 2009 under TUPE around 480 telecoms experts moved from Thales to Network Rail to maintain the telecoms network.
Locomotives.
British Rail Telecomms inherited four British Rail Class 20 locomotives:
British Rail Telecoms assets.
This section briefly describes the assets that constitute British Rail’s telecom systems and networks.
The fixed bearer network is at the core of railway communications and thus is vital to the operation of the railway. It provides essential circuits for signalling and electrification control systems, train radio systems, lineside communications, level crossing CCTV, customer information systems as well as more general IT and business telephony needs.
The fixed bearer network infrastructure comprises transmission systems and telephone exchanges linked by a fibre optic and copper cable network that is located mainly within trackside troughing routes.
British Rail had several analogue radio networks that support mobile communication applications for drivers and lineside workers. These radio networks consist of base stations, antenna systems and control equipment.
The National Radio Network (NRN) was developed specifically for the operational railway; it provides radio coverage for 98% of the rail network through 500 base stations and 21 radio exchanges.
The NRN offers full access to the BRT telephone network; public service telephone network (PSTN) dialling, including international, is also available. It can provide 'dedicated' open channels on talk-through mode for incident management and an override priority facility to ensure that all emergency calls are immediately connected to the railway's Train Control Offices (TCO) and Electrical Control Rooms (ECR).
The NRN and ORN are based on analogue radio technology and provide a high level of coverage throughout the railway network for mobile communication at the trackside. The ORN offers facilities for driver emergency communication with the local train control office.
The RETB system is based on similar technology as the NRN and ORN but provides data communication for signalling token block exchange as well as voice communication.
Secure communication between drivers and signallers is provided by the Cab Secure Radio (CSR) systems located in various parts of the country. This application of analogue radio technology is designed to offer complete radio coverage at the trackside within the limits of its deployment.
Fixed communication at the trackside is provided by lineside communication systems. These systems are primarily provided for signallers’ communication with drivers and the public through telephones located on signal posts and at level crossings.
Signal Post Telephones (SPTs) and other lineside phones are linked to telephone concentrators at the signal box.
Special self-monitoring systems (PETS) are also provided for high-risk level crossings.
CCTV systems are provided on platforms where driver only operation train services are operated and at some stations with sub-surface platforms. These self-contained systems comprise cameras, monitors, cabling and control equipment.
Voice recorders are also classed as telecoms assets.
Asset information.
This section gives a brief insight into the origin of British Rail’s telecom assets and why they are in the condition they are today.
In the late 1960s the National Telecoms Plan (NTP) was launched which brought about a centrally managed (BRHQ) project to install a nation-wide co-axial cable based 4 MHz system of transmission bearer services for voice and on-line real time data networks. This was completed in 1972.
The fixed network as we know it today was installed piecemeal as part of BR’s electrification and signalling projects between 1972 and 1993.
Fault reporting is localised and system failure is generally only uncovered as a consequence of customer complaint. The fixed telecommunications network consists of a wide variety of mostly old technologies, some of which are obsolete.
As a result of the privatisation process, a significant proportion of the fixed telecommunications network is now provided through lease agreements with Global Crossing and it is maintained by the former BRT.
FTN and GSM-R.
GSM-R radio systems are being introduced across Europe under EU legislation for interoperability. In the UK, Network Rail has established a stakeholder’s board with cross industry representation to drive the UK implementation of GSM-R to replace the National Radio Network (NRN) and Cab Secure Radio (CSR) systems currently in use.
Rail Safety & Standards Board (RSSB) are revising the current train to shore radio standard GO/RT3410, and renumbering it as GE/RT8080, and developing a new standard GE/RT8081 that contains requirements that are specific to GSM-R. The Railway Group Standards are being developed to support the European Functional Requirements Specification (FRS) and should be read in conjunction with this document.
There have been two rounds of consultation on these documents, and a final round of consultation is planned for the summer of 2003, with the intention of publishing the standards in December 2003.
The Network Rail National Project for the introduction of GSM-R plans for the radio service to be live nation-wide by 2007, with the current radio systems switched off at the end of 2009.
Britain’s GSM-R network should be fully operational by 2013 at a cost of £1.2 billion. This cost though does not include the WCML. The WCML transmission equipment is Marconi and is maintained by Telent.
Roll out.
The Network Rail GSM-R system is being rolled out nationally alongside the Fixed Telecom Network (FTN).
This will replace the existing CSR, NRN and legacy telecoms system (formerly BRT/Racal/Thales/Global Crossing).
Safety recommendations.
GSM-R addresses the relevant recommendations from several accident inquiries:
GSM-R is the bearer for the ERTMS signalling being introduced from 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20072378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072378" title="Waddinxveen railway station">
Waddinxveen railway station

Waddinxveen is a railway station in Waddinxveen, Netherlands. The station opened on 7 October 1934 and is on the Gouda–Alphen aan den Rijn railway. The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following train services call at Waddinxveen:

</doc>
<doc id="20072417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072417" title="Jefferson Graham">
Jefferson Graham

Jefferson Graham is a Los Angeles based tech columnist for USA Today and the host and producer of USA Today's digital web series, Talking Tech and [http://www.usatoday.com/topic/e323a2e6-9557-40f7-83fd-ee37c891db3b/talking-your-tech/ Talking Your Tech video shows. 
Graham is the author of 2012's Video Nation: A DIY Guide to Planning, Shooting and Sharing Great Video from USA TODAY's Talking Tech host (Peachpit Press.) 
Guests on the "Tech" shows have included comedians Ricky Gervais and Mel Brooks, musicians James Taylor, Jason Mraz, Selena Gomez and will.i.am, news personalities Brian Williams and Norah O'Donnell and TV's Judge Judy and Dr. Phil. 
Graham is also a jazz guitarist and [http://grahamandgrahamphotography.com] portrait photographer in the Manhattan Beach, California area. 
Born in Evansville, Indiana Graham grew up in New York City and is the son of late San Francisco broadcaster Jerry Graham and Judy Graham, the host of YouTube's Knitting Tips by Judy web series. 
Bibliography.
He is the author or co-author of 8 books:
Video Nation: A DIY Guide to Planning, Shooting and Sharing Great Video, Peachpit, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20072423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072423" title="SM U-10 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-10 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-10 or U-X" was the lead boat of the "U-10" class of submarines for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. She was originally a German Type UB I submarine commissioned into the German Imperial Navy () as SM "UB-1".
SM "UB-1" was constructed in Germany and shipped by rail to Pola where she was assembled and launched in January 1915. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy later that same month and sank an Italian torpedo boat in June. The boat was handed over to Austria-Hungary and commissioned as SM "U-10" in July. In May 1917, "U-10" was fired upon by a British submarine, but both of the torpedoes that were launched missed. In July 1918, "U-10" hit a mine and was beached with heavy damage. She was towed to Trieste for repairs which remained unfinished at the war's end. "U-10" was handed over to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped in 1920.
Design and construction.
"U-10" was a small, coastal submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged. She featured a single shaft, a single Daimler diesel engine for surface running, and a single electric motor for submerged travel. "U-10" was capable of up to while surfaced and while submerged at a diving depth of up to . She was designed for a crew of 17 officers and men.
"U-10" was equipped with two torpedo tubes located in the front and carried a complement of two torpedoes. German Type UB I submarines were additionally equipped with a machine gun, but it is not clear from sources if "U-10", as a former German boat, was either equipped with one or, if so, retained it in Austro-Hungarian service. In October 1916, "U-10"s armament was supplemented with a 37-mm/23 (1.5 in) quick-firing (QF) gun. This gun was replaced by a 47-mm/23 (1.9 in) QF gun in November 1917.
Construction of "UB-1" was started on 1 November 1914 at Germaniawerft in Kiel. After her assembly was complete "UB-1" was launched on 22 January 1915.
After extended negotiations between Austro-Hungary and Germany, in March 1915 it was decided for Germany to supply five submarines of the "UB I" type. This model was familiar to the Austro-Hungary Navy since the Imperial German Navy had reassembled "UB3", "UB 8", and "UB 9" at the Pola factory. The first boat was bought on April 4, 1915, a "sample" "UB 1" boat. This submarine was shipped by rail in sections to Pola, where the sections were riveted together. Though there is no record of how long it took for "UB-1"s parts to be assembled, a sister boat, "UB-3", shipped from Germany in mid-April 1915, was assembled in about two weeks.
Operational history.
SM "UB-1" was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Franz Wäger on 29 January. An Austro-Hungarian Navy officer was assigned to the boat for piloting and training purposes. On 26 June 1915, "UB-1" sank an Italian torpedo boat "Torpediniere 5 Pn" in the Gulf of Venice.
On 4 June 1915, after being disassembled into three sections and transported by rail to Pola for reassembling, "UB-1" was handed over to the Austro-Hungarian Navy and commissioned as "U-10" under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Karl Edler von Unczowski.
British submarine had an encounter with "U-10" on 11 May 1917. While cruising off Pola, "H4" came across "U-10" and fired a spread of two torpedoes at the submarine. The torpedoes were aimed to be 5° apart at a distance of which was apparently too wide, because the captain of "H4" observed the torpedoes miss just ahead and just astern of "U-10".
On 9 July 1918, "U-10" hit an Italian mine near Caorle in the northern Adriatic Sea at position , and was beached with heavy damage. Although she was looted by Austro-Hungarian Army troops, she was later towed to Trieste for repairs, which remained unfinished at war's end; all of the 13 crew personnel were saved. "U-10" was handed over to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped at Pola by 1920. "U-10" sank no ships in her Austro-Hungarian service.

</doc>
<doc id="20072436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072436" title="Anthony F. Upton">
Anthony F. Upton

Anthony F. Upton (born 1929) in Stockton Heath is a professor of Nordic history. He graduated B.A. in Modern History from the Queen's College, Oxford, with First Class honours in 1951, subsequently M.A. (Oxon) After leaving Oxford he travelled to the United States as a Fulbright Scholar and graduated A.M. in history from Duke University, NC in 1953. On his return from the United States, He was appointed as an Assistant-lecturer in history at the University of Leeds. He moved to the University of St. Andrews in 1956 as a Lecturer in history. He was promoted to Reader before being appointed Professor of Nordic History in 1983. He retired from St Andrews as Professor emeritus in 1996. He is a fellow of the Royal Historical Society. 
He has published about the first decennies 1918–1944 of the Finnish independency. He received the Hon. D. from the University of Helsinki on 2 June 2000.
He is best known for sinking the so-called "Driftwood theory" () of Finnish non-involvement in Operation Barbarossa.

</doc>
<doc id="20072441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072441" title="Un drame au château d'Acre">
Un drame au château d'Acre

"Un drame au château d'Acre" is a 1915 short silent French drama film directed by Abel Gance.

</doc>
<doc id="20072456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072456" title="Red-pea gall">
Red-pea gall

The red-pea gall or red currant gall develops as a chemically induced distortion arising from the underside of the mid-rib of a vein on "Quercus" species and it is attached by a short stalk or peduncle. The red-wart gall is the sexual phase of the same species. 
Cause.
The gall is caused by the parthenogenetic generation of Cynips divisa, which has been known by the synonyms "Diplolepis divisa", "Dryophanta divisa" and "Spathegaster verrucosus".
Appearance.
In appearance it is glossy and somewhat flattened sphere and from ten to fifteen or so may occur on a single leaf. The average size is and the colouring starts as green, passing to yellow, orange and then red-brown; the season is midsummer onwards. Circular emergence holes appear in the galls.
Life cycle.
Many of the agamic imagines emerge in October. After overwintering, "Cynips" develops eggs parthenogenetically and their eggs develop in live buds as 'red-wart galls'. The infested buds become yellow, orange or a russet colour and are about long. These red-wart galls appear in May and the males and females of the bisexual genertation emerge in June and produce the fertilized eggs which undergo development in the red-pea galls.
Gall-forming insects.
Some herbivorous insects therefore create their own microhabitats by forming, in this case, a highly distinctive plant structure called a gall, made up of plant tissue, but controlled by the insect. Galls act as both the habitat, and food sources for the maker of the gall. The interior of a bedeguar gall is formed from the bud, and is composed of edible nutritious and structural tissues. Some galls act as "physiologic sinks", concentrating resources in the gall from the surrounding plant parts. Galls may also provide the insect with some physical protection from predators.
Inquilines and parasites.
These occur commonly in this native species.

</doc>
<doc id="20072459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072459" title="Duke Carmel">
Duke Carmel

Leon James "Duke" Carmel (born April 23, 1937) is a former professional baseball player. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball, between 1959 and 1965, for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Mets, and New York Yankees, primarily as an outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20072464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072464" title="Waddinxveen Noord railway station">
Waddinxveen Noord railway station

Waddinxveen Noord is a railway station in northern Waddinxveen, Netherlands. The station opened on 3 June 1973 and is on the Gouda–Alphen aan den Rijn railway. The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following train services call at Waddinxveen Noord:

</doc>
<doc id="20072497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072497" title="Alexander Romanovsky (chess player)">
Alexander Romanovsky (chess player)

Alexander Arsenievich Romanovsky (12 June 1880 – 1943) was a Lithuanian-Russian chess master. 
He was born in Kaunas, Lithuania (then Russian Empire). He was the elder brother of Peter Romanovsky.
At the beginning of the 20th century, he played in several local tournaments in Sankt Petersburg. He tied for 6–7th in 1905/06 (the 4th All-Russian Masters' Tournament, Gersz Salwe won), took 4th in 1907 (Sergey von Freymann won), took 3rd in 1908 ("Quadrangular", S. Lebedev won), took 3rd in 1909 (Grigory Levenfish won), and took 11th in 1911 (All-Russian Amateur Tournament, Stepan Levitsky won).

</doc>
<doc id="20072500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072500" title="Pittsburgh Victorias">
Pittsburgh Victorias

The Pittsburgh Victorias were one of the earliest professional ice hockey teams. The club was based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and were members of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League, the first league to openly hire hockey players, from 1902-1904. The team folded in 1904, when the WPHL disbanded its teams to form the Pittsburgh Professionals and compete in the International Professional Hockey League. 
History.
For the 1902-03 season, the Victorias were added to the WPHL making it a four team league. The team was made up of players from Ottawa, Canada, enticed to come to Pittsburgh. The Victorias were able to add Stanley Cup winner Bruce Stuart to their team, giving the future Hall of Famer is start in professional hockey. That season, Stuart led the WPHL with 16 goals in his first pro season and was named to the First All-Star team. William Duval, the 1902 captain of the Ottawa Silver Seven, also made the trip to Pittsburgh and began his professional career with the Victorias. Ottawa's Chic Henry, Charles Spittal and the Sixsmith brothers, Garnet and Arthur, also played for the Victorias. Arthur, the previous season, played on the Keystones' championship team. While Garnet would one day score 11 goals in a game in Pittsburgh, considered to be a record for the Duquesne Gardens.
In 1904 the Victorias won the WPHL title and played Houghton, Michigan's Portage Lakes Hockey Club for the "American Championship" that year. The Victorias would go on to win the three game series two games to one. The team disbanded later that year when the WPHL consolidated its players into the Pittsburgh Professionals and competed in the International Professional Hockey League. Several of the Victorias' players went on to play with the Professionals, such as William Duval, Ed Roberts, Arthur and Garnet Sixsmith and Charles Spittal.
Prominent players.
Victorias members of Hockey Hall of Fame:

</doc>
<doc id="20072508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072508" title="Le périscope">
Le périscope

Le périscope is a 1916 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072532" title="Herbie Hancock discography">
Herbie Hancock discography

The discography of the American jazz artist Herbie Hancock consists of forty-one studio albums, twelve live albums, sixty-two compilation albums, five soundtrack albums, thirty-eight physical singles, nine promo singles and four songs not released as singles, but that charted due downloads. This article does not include re-issues, unless they are counted separately from the original works in the charts, furthermore because of the enormous amount of material published, this discography omits less notable appearances in compilations and live albums. The discography shows the peak weekly main chart positions of eight selected countries: United States, France,] Germany, Japan,] Netherlands, Sweden,] Switzerland and United Kingdom. Positions also listed on United States are R&B / hip-hop, dance / club, jazz] and bubbling under charts.] The peaks don't refer necessarily to the position that a record reached when it was first released. Also included are certifications from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA)] and the Bundesverband Musikindustrie (BVMI).]
Hancock made his debut as professional musician in the early 1960s as a sideman, quickly earning a good reputation. Blue Note Records noticed his talent and added him to its roster. For the label, he released seven albums, including "Takin' Off" (1962), his first solo album, supported by the single "Watermelon Man", which is one of the most performed jazz standards; "Empyrean Isles" (1964) and "Maiden Voyage" (1965), two influential jazz albums. During these years, Hancock also began a career as composer for film and television soundtracks, beginning with "Blow-Up" (1966) for MGM Records. In this role, he reached the top in 1986 with the "Round Midnight" soundtrack (for Columbia Records), that had its best result on the AFYVE Spanish Albums Chart at No. 18 and won an Academy Award for Best Original Score. After his departure from Blue Note, Hancock signed with Warner Bros. Records, publishing three albums in which he experimented with new jazz music directions: the R&B-oriented "Fat Albert Rotunda" (1969) and the electronic-oriented "Mwandishi" (1971) and "Crossings" (1972). These three releases became influential in the jazz rock movement.
Hancock continued to experiment after leaving Warner Bros. for Columbia Records, where he remained until the late 1980s, releasing sixteen studio albums. At Columbia, Hancock had his best commercial results, gaining immediate success with "Head Hunters" (1973), an R&B-oriented jazz album with strong funk influences. It peaked at No. 13 on the "Billboard" 200 and became the best-selling jazz album in history. In 1986, it became the first jazz album ever to win a RIAA Platinum Award and is considered very influential in jazz, funk, soul and hip-hop music. "Head Hunters" also contains Hancock's first mainstream hit, "Chameleon" (1974), which peaked at No. 35 on the "RPM" Canadian Singles Chart and is a jazz standard. Other albums that followed in the style of "Head Hunters" with good popular success, especially in the US, were "Thrust" (1974) and "Man-Child" (1975), which ranked respectively No. 13 and No. 21 on the "Billboard" 200. In 1978, Hancock added disco influences to his jazz and established himself as a mainstream hitmaker across Europe with "I Thought It Was You" (1978) and "You Bet Your Love" (1979), which peaked, respectively, at No. 15 and No. 18 on the UK Singles Chart, and "Tell Everybody" (1979), which peaked at No. 22 on the Belgian Flemish Singles Chart. Thanks to these singles, his albums "Sunlight" (1978) and "Feets, Don't Fail Me Now" (1979) earned good popular success, especially in Europe. The first album had its best performance peaking on UK Albums Chart at No. 26, and the second peaked on the "VG" Norwegian Albums Chart at No. 18.
In 1983, Hancock radically refreshed his sound with strong electronic influences and released "Future Shock" (1983), an influential album in jazz fusion, dance, electronic, techno and hip-hop music. The album had its best results in Europe, where it peaked at No. 7 on the Ö3 Austria Top 75 Longplays chart. Furthermore, it spawned his biggest hit single, "Rockit" (1983), the first jazz hip-hop song in history, and became a worldwide anthem for breakdancers and the hip-hop culture of the 1980s. It reached the top 10 in several countries (especially in Europe), having its best performance on Swiss Singles Chart and Belgian Flemish Singles Chart, in each case at No. 4. It also won a RIAA Gold Award in 1990. Thanks to this song, Hancock won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Instrumental Performance, the first Grammy of his career of a total of fourteen. "Future Shock" was a bigger success than even "Head Hunters", winning a RIAA Platinum Award in 1994 faster than the earlier album had. It spawned an additional mainstream hit with "Autodrive" (1983), which had its best performance on UK Singles Chart, peaking at No. 33. "Sound-System" (1984) followed the musical direction of "Future Shock" and won the Grammy Award in the same category of "Rockit", making Hancock the first solo artist to win in this category for two consecutive years and also the artist with most wins in the category (a record shared with Earth, Wind & Fire and George Benson). After six years of silence in his solo career, Hancock signed with Mercury Records and released "Dis Is da Drum" (1994) that showed another innovation in his career with an acid jazz-oriented sound and reached No. 40 on the Swedish Albums Chart. After this release, there were several albums of duets, covers and tributes, such as "Gershwin's World" (1998), "Possibilities" (2005) and "" (2007). The last peaked at No. 5 on the "Billboard" 200 and became the second jazz album in history to win a Grammy Award for Album of the Year (the first was "Getz/Gilberto" (1964) by Stan Getz and João Gilberto). As of 2012, Hancock's last original solo project was the electronic-influenced "Future2Future" (2001), released for Transparent Music.
Singles.
Promo singles.
Note: "Promo releases do not chart, because they are not sold, they are promotional items"

</doc>
<doc id="20072537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072537" title="Mitbestimmungsgesetz">
Mitbestimmungsgesetz

Mitbestimmungsgesetz (in English, Codetermination Act) of 1976 is a German law which requires companies of over 2000 employees to have half the supervisory board of directors as representatives of workers.
Background.
The Act was passed on May 4 after long consultations and debates in Parliament (the "Bundestag").
Content.
It applies to all German capital companies, including public companies ("Aktiengesellschaft"), cooperatives ("eingetragene Genossenschaft"), private limited companies ("Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung") and partnerships ("Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien") if they have over 2000 employees.
The principle is to having almost parity of representation between employee representatives and shareholder representatives on the supervisory board ("Aufsichtsrat"). Germany company law has two levels of boards of directors. The supervisory board then elects a management board which leads the company. The head of the supervisory board is always a shareholder representative who has two votes in case of a deadlock.
Under the Codetermination Act, the supervisory board must have 12, 16 or 20 members depending on the company's size. Two or three seats will usually be reserved for union representatives. the other seats will be workers, officials and appointees of other interest groups.
Developments.
Former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder established a Commission on Codetermination ("Mitbestimmungskommission"), which in 2005 came to no conclusion about possible reforms of the law. Different members disagreed with one side wanting to reduce worker influence and the other side increase it.

</doc>
<doc id="20072542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072542" title="Abeiku Quansah">
Abeiku Quansah

Abeiku Quansah (born November 2, 1990 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian International footballer currently playing for FC Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career.
On 4 November 2008 moved from Windy Professionals F.C. to OGC Nice and signs a contract between 30 June 2011. Ghana youth Abeiku Quansah has signed a three-year deal for Ukrainian club Arsenal Kyiv.
The midfielder joins as a free agent following the expiration of his four-year contract at French Ligue 1 side Nice where he managed only eight first team appearances.
The club have sent a work permit application for the 20-year-old who has impressed the side since joining them three weeks ago.
The winger was a spectator last week when Arsenal Kyiv drew 3-3 with Dnipro FC.
International career.
He was member for the Ghana national under-17 football team by the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup and played 6 games by the tournament in Korea Republic. On 1 January 2009 was named for the Black Satellites for the 2009 African Youth Championship in Rwanda. Abeiku Quansah was part of the Black Satellites of Ghana's victorious U-20 team which conquered West Africa, Africa and the World by winning the 2009 WAFU Cup, 2009 African Youth Championship - Rwanda and The 2009 U-20 Worldcup - Egypt
Titles and Honours.
International.
Ghana U-20

</doc>
<doc id="20072604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072604" title="Denis Bryant">
Denis Bryant

Denis William Bryant was an Anglican bishop in the third quarter of the 20th century.
He was born on 31 January 1918, and educated at Cardiff University. His father was a well known harpist and kept the Carpenters' Arms public house in Efail Isaf. He was ordained in 1956 after an earlier career as an RAF Officer he was Rector of Esperance, Western Australia and then Archdeacon of the Goldfields before elevation to the Episcopate as the 4th Bishop of Kalgoorlie.

</doc>
<doc id="20072612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072612" title="Atle-class icebreaker">
Atle-class icebreaker

The "Atle" class comprises five icebreakers built for the Swedish and Finnish Maritime Administrations. The two Finnish ships, "Urho" and "Sisu", are sometimes considered a separate class, but all are operationally identical.
The ships were built by Wärtsilä Hietalahti shipyard in Helsinki, Finland and entered service in the mid to late 1970s. The maneuvering system, incorporating dual rudders and dual bow propellers, represented significant technical innovation. They are also notable for their high level of crew comfort (for their time), to a point where "Urho" has served the Finnish government as a VIP transport.

</doc>
<doc id="20072637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072637" title="Les Gaz mortels">
Les Gaz mortels

Les Gaz mortels is a 1916 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072664" title="String Quartets, Op. 20 (Haydn)">
String Quartets, Op. 20 (Haydn)

The six string quartets opus 20 by Joseph Haydn are among the works that earned Haydn the sobriquet "the father of the string quartet." The quartets are considered a milestone in the history of composition; in them, Haydn develops compositional techniques that were to define the medium for the next 200 years.
The quartets, written in 1772, were composed at a time of tensions in Haydn's life, and also at a time when Haydn was influenced by new philosophical and political ideas that were sweeping Europe. Some analysts see the impact of the emotions and ideas of Sturm und Drang in the quartets.
The quartets.
The set of quartets includes the following (in order of Haydn's own catalog [""]):
Number 5, in F minor
Number 6, in A Major
Number 2, in C major
Number 3, in G minor
Number 4, in D major
Number 1, in E-flat major
Composition.
Haydn was 40 years old when he composed the opus 20 quartets, and was already well-established as one of the leading composers of Europe. He was Kapellmeister to the Prince Nikolaus Esterházy, a great lover of music. Haydn presided over the busy musical life of the court, producing operas, oratorios, and symphonic and chamber concerts, and writing a steady stream of new music for the prince's amusement.
Nikolaus had eight years prior to this date built the Eszterháza palace southeast of Vienna, where the court resided for most of the year. While the palace itself was one of the most splendid in Austria, and was dubbed the "Hungarian Versailles", it was built over a large swamp; it was humid throughout the year, with a "vexatious, penetrating north wind" from which Haydn and the other musicians in the court suffered. Moreover, it was far from Vienna, and the musicians (Haydn, as Kapellmeister, excepted) had to leave their wives and families behind for many months. Consequently, there was much discontent among the musicians, and Haydn, like the others, suffered from bouts of depression and illness.
This atmosphere found its expression in the opus 20 quartets. "The designation "affettuoso" found twice in the directions for the tempo of slow movements can be applied to the whole opus," writes Geiringer. Haydn chooses minor keys for two of the quartets, unusual in a time where the minor was rarely used for this ensemble. In particular, the fifth quartet is in the unusual key of F minor, "a key that predisposes even Haydn to sombre thoughts," writes Cobbett.
But the sodden air of Eszterháza was not the only influence on the emotional character of the quartets. It was a time of ferment: new ideas that were to spur the Romantic movement in another 30 years were taking root. Philosopher Jean Jacques Rousseau expounded a philosophy of human freedom and a return to nature. Poets Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller espoused the new Sturm und Drang movement, that "exalted nature, feeling, and human individualism and sought to overthrow the Enlightenment cult of Rationalism." For Haydn, this meant the rejection of the "Galante" style, the courtly, simplified, somewhat slender musical style prevalent at the time.
Analysts trace specific musical choices in the opus 20 quartets to these new ideas. For example, the minuet movement of the D major quartet (number 4) is replaced by a frenetic gypsy air titled "alla zingarese", full of offbeat rhythms. "Rousseau's 'back to nature' movement resulted in a general reawakening of interest in national folk music. Haydn showed himself in complete sympathy with this tendency," writes Geiringer. Three of the six quartets have fugues as finales. Counterpoint, the densely complex style of the Baroque, had fallen out of favor with the Galante composers. "To emphasize his rejection of rococo lightness, Haydn reverted to Baroque features," writes Geiringer.
The opus 20 quartets were the third set of quartets Haydn wrote at Eszterháza. His dedication to the string quartet form is something of a mystery; there is no record of a string quartet concert performed at the palace during this period. The set became known as the "Sun" quartets, because of the picture of a rising sun that graced the cover of an early edition The first known publication of the quartets was in 1774 by Chevardière in Paris and later (undated, probably in the 1780s or 1790s) by Artaria in Vienna. The most commonly used Urtext edition is by Eulenberg, published in the 1880s.
Opus 20 and the development of the string quartet.
When Haydn published his opus 33 quartets, ten years after the opus 20, he wrote that they were composed in "an entirely new and particular manner". But, if the opus 33 was the culmination of a process, opus 20 was the proving ground. In this set of quartets, Haydn defined the nature of the string quartet — the special interplay of instruments that Goethe called "four rational people conversing." Many of the compositional techniques used by composers of string quartets to the present day were tried out and perfected in these works.
"This cannot be overstated," writes Ron Drummond. "The six string quartets of Opus 20 are as important in the history of music, and had as radically a transforming effect on the very field of musical possibility itself, as Beethoven's Third Symphony would 33 years later." And Sir Donald Tovey writes of the quartets, "Every page of the six quartets of op. 20 is of historic and aesthetic importance... there is perhaps no single or sextuple opus in the history of instrumental music which has achieved so much."
Here are some of the innovations of the quartets:
Equality of voices: Prior to opus 20, the first violin, or, sometimes, the two violins, dominated the quartet. The melody was carried by the leader, with the lower voices (viola and cello) accompanying. In opus 20, Haydn gives each instrument, and particularly the cello, its own voice. An outstanding example of this is the second quartet in C major. The quartet opens with a cello solo, accompanied by the viola and second violin. This was virtually unheard of in Haydn's time. Another example is in the slow movement of the fourth quartet, in D major. This movement is a set of variations, written in D minor; the first variation is a duet between viola and second violin, and the third variation is a solo for cello.
Structural innovations: With the opus 20 quartets, Haydn moved forward the development of the Sonata form. A movement written in sonata form has an exposition, where the themes and motifs of the movement are presented, a development section, where these themes are transformed, and a recapitulation, where the themes are restated. Traditionally, the restatement closely matched the original exposition. But Haydn, in opus 20, uses the restatement to further develop the material of the movement. For example, in the F minor quartet, number 5, Haydn embellishes the original theme, and rearranges the original material, adding to the musical tension as the movement moves to the coda. In the G minor quartet, number 3, the recapitulation is hardly a recapitulation at all; while all the original materials are included, they are rearranged and transformed.
There are other structural innovations in opus 20. Haydn develops the idea of "false reprise". In the fourth quartet, in D major, for example, Haydn sneaks into the recapitulation of the first movement, treating it dramatically as though it is a continuation of the development. Haydn also experiments with cyclical structure: the reuse of thematic and rhythmic materials in different movements, to give an overall unity to the piece.
Depth of expression: Haydn experiments with expressive techniques in the quartets. An example of this is the G minor quartet, number 3, where Haydn defies the standard practice of ending each movement with a cadence played "forte". Instead, Haydn ends each movement "piano" or "pianissimo". Another example is the F minor quartet, number 5; this quartet, writes Tovey, "is the most nearly tragic work Haydn ever wrote; its first movement being of astonishing depth of thought."
Length and symmetry of phrases: Haydn experiments with asymmetrical phrases and syncopations. The common practice of the time was to write melodies that divided neatly into four- and eight-measure chunks. But the opening phrase of the third quartet, in G minor, is seven measures long, and the minuet of the same quartet has a melody that is divided into two phrases of five measures each.
Indeed, in opus 20, most of the minuet movements are minuets in name only. The minuet was a court dance, through-choreographed, built of four groups of four measures in 3/4 time. The minuets of opus 20, with the exception of numbers 1 and 6, would be impossible to dance to, as they do not have this formal structure. The minuet of the second quartet in C major is built of tied suspensions in the first violin, viola and cello, so that the listener loses all sense of downbeat. The fourth quartet has the off-beat "alla zingarese" movement. The minuet of the fifth quartet has a first section of 18 measures, divided asymmetrically. So far did Haydn stray from the formal minuet dance structure, that in his next set of quartets, opus 33, he did not call them minuets at all, but rather scherzos.
Use of counterpoint: The fugal finales of three of the six quartets are Haydn's statement of rejection of the galante. Not only has Haydn rejected the freedom of the rococo style, he has emphasized that rejection by adhering to strict formality, and writing comments into the score explaining the fugal structure. "Al rovescio" he writes at one point in the last movement of quartet number two, where the fugal melody is played in inversion. "In canone" he writes in the finale of number 5. The finale of number six is a "Fuga a 3 Soggetti" (a fugue with three fugal subjects).
The fugal finales are not mere formalism, however; Haydn clothes them in a dramatic structure suitable for the "Sturm und Drang". All three movements start out "sotto voce"; as the fugue develops formally, the tension mounts, but Haydn does not increase the volume, until a sudden, startling burst of "Forte". "Haydn has, in the quartets of opus 20, a hint of the emotional and dramatic impulse which became so volcanic in Beethoven's fugues," writes Donald Tovey
Haydn's fugal finales are not the only use of counterpoint in these quartets. Haydn revives Baroque compositional techniques in other movements as well. The opening of the second quartet is essentially contrapuntal, with the viola and the second violins playing countersubjects to the cello's principal melodic line. Haydn also uses more obscure techniques; in the adagio movement of the fifth quartet, for example, he writes at one point "per figuram retardationis", meaning that the melodic line in the first violin lags behind the harmonic changes in the accompaniment. "Enormous importance lies in these fugues", writes Tovey. "Besides achieving in themselves the violent reconquest of the ancient kingdom of polyphony for the string quartet, they effectively establish fugue texture from henceforth as a normal resource of sonata style."
Structure of the quartets.
Number 1, E-flat major.
While the first movement is in straightforward sonata-allegro form, Haydn nonetheless breaks with the standard quartet model of the period. The second theme of the exposition is presented by the cello, rather than the violin, playing in a high register above the viola accompaniment. Haydn also disguises the return to the recapitulation after the development section of the movement: after only three bars of development, Haydn returns to the theme in the tonic, suggesting the beginning of the recapitulation; but instead, deviates into a series of transpositions, finally sneaking back to the main theme when least expected. Haydn uses this trick of a pretended recap in others of the opus 20 quartets.
The second movement is a minuet, one of two from the set that follow all the rules of the traditional dance (the other is the minuet of number 6). The third movement is marked "Affettuoso e sostenuto", written in A-flat major as an aria, with the first violin carrying the melody throughout. The finale, marked "presto", is built on a six-measure phrase, with extensive use of syncopations in the first violin. In the middle of the movement there is an extended passage where the first violin plays syncopations and the other instruments are playing on the second beat of the 2/4 bar; no one plays on the downbeat, and toward the end of the passage the listener loses track of the meter, until the main theme returns.
Number 2, C major.
In this quartet, Haydn develops the equal interplay between the instruments, the quartet conversation. The first movement opens with a cello solo, playing above the accompanying instruments. In the course of the movement every instrument gets to play the solo — even the viola, who, "besides having a vote in the parliament of four... for once heard by Haydn as he hears the cantabile of the 'cello," writes Tovey. The movement is markedly chromatic; the development ranges from C major, to A major, dipping into D major, A minor, F major, and even A-flat major.
The second movement opens with a bold "unisono", then the cello states the theme. It is an emotionally charged movement, with dramatic shifts from "pianissimo" to "forte", mixed with "cantabile" passages with a sextuplet accompaniment in the viola.
The minuet, like others in the set, defies choreography. In the opening section, all the instruments are tied across the barline, so the sense of downbeat dissipates. The effect recalls the sound of a musette de cour, or other type of bagpipe. This movement, too, is very chromatic, with the melody of the second section built on a descending chromatic scale in the first violin.
The finale is a fugue with four subjects. Haydn marks the opening ""sempre sotto voce"". The fugue ripples along in an undertone, through various learned fugal maneuvers — a stretto, "al rovescio". The texture gradually thins so that only two voices are playing at once, when suddenly the fugue bursts into "Forte" and cascades of sixteenth notes lead to the close of the quartet. In the autograph edition, Haydn wrote over this passage, "Laus. Omnip. Deo. Sic fugit amicus amicum" (Praise the Lord. Thus one friend flees another friend).
Number 3, G minor.
"This quartet is among the more enigmatic pieces in the repertory," writes William Drabkin. "Indeed, the work is in so many respects unusual that it seems in places to defy interpretation."
The enigma begins with the opening theme of the first movement: built of two phrases of seven measures each, it defies the "galante" practice of carefully balanced four- and eight-measure phrases. It is almost as if Haydn was wagging his tongue at his contemporaries, violating accepted shibboleths of composition. "Haydn's compositional freedom seems often defiantly at odds with what textbooks have to say," writes Drabkin. For example, Haydn inserts brief "unisono" passages in the major key, as a kind of exclamation mark; but, where such passages would normally be played "forte", he has marked them "piano" for a surprisingly different effect.
Haydn continues the odd phrase structure in the minuet, which is built of five-measure units. Aside from its undanceable meter, the minuet is a sombre work, emphatically minor in character. The trio section of the minuet offers a brief respite with a first strain in E-flat major; but the second strain returns to the minor, modulating down through several minor keys. The trio ends with a plagal cadence to G major, for a Baroque-like Picardy third conclusion; but then the minuet recapitulates in G minor. The move from G major back to G minor is so jolting that Drabkin speculates that the trio might possibly have been borrowed from another piece.
The third movement, marked "Poco Adagio", is a long "cantabile" aria in G major, dominated by the first violin and the cello. After the first violin states the theme, the cello takes over with a long rippling line of sixteenth notes. The movement includes a haunting viola solo, unusual in Haydn's quartets, and in quartet writing from that period in general.
The finale is marked "Allegro molto". Here, too, Haydn continues to defy accepted practice. Here Haydn makes dramatic use of silence; the opening four-bar theme breaks off suddenly for a half-measure pause. Such pauses recur throughout the movement, giving the movement "a mildly disruptive effect", according to Drabkin. In this movement, Haydn also makes a number of surprising harmonic progressions. He ends the piece, surprisingly, with a descent from "piano" to "pianissimo".
Number 4, D major.
If the third quartet of the set is the most obscure and difficult to understand, the fourth is the most popular. "... The D major quartet, opus 20 number 4, has met with more public recognition than the other five," writes Tovey.
The quartet opens with a quiet, almost hymn-like statement of the theme. Suddenly there is a burst of arpeggio in the first violin, lapsing immediately back to the quiet of the first motive. The juxtaposition of calm and vigor continues through the exposition, to the statement of the second theme, and a short codetta leading to the development. In the development section, Haydn repeatedly offers false reprises: After a section of development, he presents a dominant arpeggio leading back to the first theme. But this is not the reprise, the development goes on. Haydn does this again, and yet again, then sneaks back into the real reprise in a way that the listener does not notice. The movement ends, like several others of the opus 20, in pianissimo.
The second movement, a set of variations in D minor, is one of Haydn's most profound, a rejection of the shallowness of the "galante". "The poignant second movement "Adagio" moves the string quartet even farther from the concept of courtly entertainment," writes Miller. "In this wonderful movement, we have something of three centuries: the seventeenth century Baroque, the eighteenth century Classical, and the nineteenth century Romantic. Haydn's genius encompasses it all." The movement is distinguished by the concertante writing for each of the instruments: the second violin and viola in the first variation, the cello in the second variation, and the first violin in the third variation.
In the third movement, the "Allegretto alla zingarese", the upper and lower voices play complex, interlocking cross-rhythms, confusing all sense of downbeat. Although the meter is in 3/4, the pulse is in two, with the strong beats of the upper voices alternating with the strong beats of the lower voices. The trio section of the movement is a cello solo, marching in perfectly regular 3/4 time, "the perfect foil to the Menuet alla zingarese."
The fourth movement continues the gypsy style of the third movement. Chromatic melodies, octave leaps, use of the gypsy scale (a minor scale with raised fourth and raised seventh), and flashy virtuoso embellishments in the first violin make this movement "sheer fun for the listener and likewise for the players," writes Miller. The movement ends in pianissimo, "an ending that simply evaporates."
Number 5, F minor.
This is the most emotionally intense of the opus 20 quartets. In the opening phrase, the violin sets the tone with a haunting melody. "Haydn, we might imagine, set out to test the limits of what the minor mode could express in this newly serious instrumental combination," writes Roger Parker. The music rolls out almost without interruption; instead of ending each phrase with a cadence before beginning a new phrase, Haydn runs the phrases together, the end of one being the beginning of the next. Throughout the first movement — and, indeed, for almost the entire quartet — the first violin leads with the concertante part. Even so, the texture is not galante, for the other parts play important and independent roles throughout. Haydn in the recapitulation continues developing the melody with new embellishments, and the coda wanders through strange modulations — D-flat major, G-flat minor — before returning to the plaintive F minor conclusion.
The minuet continues the sombre mood in F minor. The character of the minuet is as far from that of a courtly dance as can be imagined. Again, the structure of the minuet is irregular and undanceable. The trio section, in F major, offers a brief respite from the relentless minor, but even this section is subdued in tone.
The slow movement is a Siciliana, in F major. The 6/8 theme cycles throughout the movement, constantly transforming itself, while the first violin plays a concertante descant, floating over the theme, sometimes capturing it, then leaving it again.
The finale is a fugue with two subjects. The main subject is a standard fugal motif, used frequently in the Baroque (it appears, among other places, in Handel's Messiah). While constructing a fugue in the strict, learned style, Haydn imbues the movement with an intense dramatic structure; like other fugues in the set, the entire first two thirds of the fugue is "sotto voce". Out of this quiet the first violin suddenly erupts to a "Forte", only to fall back into another piano section. The texture thins and the tension descends, until a second burst of "Fortissimo", with first violin and cello playing the fugal subject in canon, leading to the dramatic finale.
Number 6, A major.
, the last quartet as published, but the second of the series as Haydn conceived them, is the most conservative of the set; Drabkin notes that it has much in common with the opus 9 quartets, written a year before. The quartet has the bright, optimistic character often associated with Haydn's music. The key is A major, a key that highlights the highest and brightest tones of the lead violin. Haydn has marked the first movement "Allegro di molto e Scherzando". Yet, here, too, Haydn is trying out new ideas. Traditionally, the exposition proceeds from a first theme in the tonic key to a second theme in the dominant. In the first movement, Haydn indeed proceeds to the dominant key of E major, but then shifts to E minor for the second theme. But he stays in that key only half a measure, modulating to C major, then to D major, and on, shifting keys relentlessly until he comes back to the dominant E major.
The second movement, marked Adagio, is a variation on sonata form, modeled after a form developed by Haydn's contemporary, Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach. The violins dominate, with the first violin playing the melody over rippling sixteenth notes in the second, or the second carrying the melody, with the first playing embellishments.
The minuet is in strict danceable form. The theme of the minuet is a variation of the first theme of the first movement — one of the most explicit examples of cyclic form in Haydn's work.
The last movement is a fugue with three subjects. Like the other fugal finales in the set, this proceeds "sempre sotto voce" until nearly the end, when it breaks into "Forte". Unlike the other fugues, however, this has none of the "Sturm und Drang" drama about it, but is predominantly major and upbeat in character.
Impact of the quartets.
The opus 20 quartets changed forever the way composers would write string quartets. "When we consider the poor condition" of string quartet writing prior to Haydn, writes C. Ferdinand Pohl, "... it is impossible to overrate his creative powers."
Many great composers acknowledged their debt to Haydn and to these quartets. "It was from Haydn that I first learned the true way to write string quartets," wrote Mozart. Mozart's Haydn Quartets are his explicit acknowledgement of that debt. The immediate inspiration for the quartets is believed to be the opus 33 quartets, written by Haydn 10 years after opus 20; but the earlier quartets were the model in many cases. For example, the fugal finale of the first of Mozart's set (K. 387 in G major) takes after the finale fugues of opus 20. The "Sturm und Drang" character of the second quartet (K. 421 in D minor) recalls the F minor quartet, number 5, of Haydn's; not only does the first violin line recall the sombreness of Haydn's quartet, the accompaniment figure of the opening is a close copy of Haydn's.
Beethoven also recognized the importance of Haydn's work. Before embarking on his own first set of string quartets, opus 18, Beethoven studied the scores of the Haydn opus 20 quartets, copying them out and scoring the first for string orchestra. Throughout his life, Beethoven had a love-hate relationship with Haydn: Haydn was one of Beethoven's teachers, and Haydn's criticisms of his early compositions rankled the young composer to the day of the elder composer's death. Yet, in spite of the antagonism, Beethoven spoke of Haydn with reverence. "Do not rob Handel, Haydn and Mozart of their laurel wreaths," he wrote in a letter in 1812, three years after Haydn's death. "They are entitled to theirs, I am not yet entitled to mine."
Brahms was also a devotee of the opus 20 quartets. Brahms owned the autograph manuscript of the quartets, studied them carefully and annotated them. He bequeathed the manuscript to the Society of Friends of Music in Vienna, where it is preserved today.

</doc>
<doc id="20072701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072701" title="Le droit à la vie">
Le droit à la vie

Le droit à la vie is a 1917 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072706" title="Steven Pressman (economist)">
Steven Pressman (economist)

Steven Pressman (born February 23, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American economist. He is currently a Professor of Economics and Finance at Monmouth University in West Long Branch, NJ. He has taught at the University of New Hampshire and Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut.
He has served as co-editor of the "Review of Political Economy" since 1995, as Associate Editor and Book Review Editor of the "Eastern Economic Journal" since 1989, and a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of the journal "Basic Income Studies" since 2005.
He has been on the Board of Directors of the Eastern Economic Association from 1994 to the present, and since 1996 he has served as Treasurer of the group. In addition he has been a regular book reviewer for "Dollars and Sense" since 2010.
His Facebook can be viewed at http://www.facebook.com/steven.pressman.31 and his Twitter can be viewed at https://twitter.com/pressmansteven.
Biography.
Pressman is the eldest son of Jeffrey and Phyllis Pressman. Pressman and his brother Alan, a bankruptcy attorney on Long Island, attended public school in Queens (New York) and graduated from Francis Lewis High School. Pressman attended Alfred University in upstate New York, where he received a B.A. in philosophy in 1973. He then attended Syracuse University and received an M.A. in philosophy in 1976. He went on to study economics at the New School, working with Robert Heilbroner, Edward J. Nell, David Gordon, and Vivian Walsh. He received his Ph.D. in 1983 for his work on Francois Quesnay's Tableau Économique, the first economic model.
Work.
He is known for his contributions to economics, particularly his work on poverty and the middle class, which documents that a thriving middle class and low rates of poverty require substantial redistributive efforts on the part of the government; his work applying the principles of Post Keynesian economics to microeconomic policy issues; his work on tax and redistribution policy and his work on the Tableau Économique.
Poverty, the Middle Class, and Income Distribution.
Pressman has published articles (with his colleague at Monmouth University, Robert Scott) arguing that poverty and inequality are greater than measured by government statistics because these measures exclude interest payments on consumer debt and these interest payments cannot be used to support current living standards. This work has estimated that there are more than 4 million debt poor in the United States. They have also estimated that the problem of inequality is worse than estimated by standard measures such as the Gini coefficient. They are currently seeking to identify the debt poor and to devise policies to aid the debt poor, who do not qualify for many government assistance programs that mainly go to households officially considered as poor.
Pressman has published several papers using the Luxembourg Income Study to examine poverty, the middle class and government redistribution throughout the world. These papers argue that one main reason poverty rates are so high in the United States is that government tax and government spending policies do little to help those with low earned incomes. In addition, the United States middle class is very small compared to other developed countries mainly because government tax and government spending policies fail to help middle class families.
Additionally, Pressman has published articles on income guarantees and edited a book on the notion of Basic Income Guarantees as a solution to poverty. This work argues that a guaranteed income would not have any major negative economic effects, such as creating great work disincentives, as long as the guarantees are kept to a minimal level. Moreover, this minimal level is greater than the current redistributive efforts in the United States, and something close to what other developed countries provide to their citizens.
Pressman has published articles on refundable tax credits for children as a solution to child poverty in the United States an as a way to support the middle class in the United States. This work argues that these tax credits could be financed by eliminating tax exemptions for children.
He has also published articles on women and poverty. This work argues that the feminization of poverty is due to more female-headed households in the United States and the lack of appropriate tax and spending programs to help female-headed households. Compared to other developed nations throughout the world who do much to help female-headed families, the poverty rate for U.S. female-headed families is much greater.
Government Tax and Spending Policy.
As noted above, Pressman has published work advocating that government tax and spending policy is a main determinant of poverty and the size of the middle class in developed countries. He has then gone on to argue for more progressive fiscal policies to support poor and middle class households in the United States. He has also argued that these redistributive programs would not have many negative effects.
He has analyzed the U.S. Current Population Survey, and articulated a policy to eliminate tax deductions for children and convert them into a refundable tax credit. This would essentially give the United States a system of child or family allowances, similar to other developed nations throughout the world. Such a policy change would help low and moderate-income households at no additional cost. It would also greatly reduce child poverty in the U.S. and increase the size of the U.S. middle class.
Pressman has published articles articulating how state governments should deal with the dilemmas of taxing e-commerce, arguing that states need to move away from relying on regressive sales taxes and use more progressive forms of taxation.
Finally, Pressman has shown that there is little empirical evidence that government deficits crowd out consumption, business investment, or net exports. There is, however, good empirical evidence that, when used appropriately, fiscal policy is able to mitigate business cycles.
Physiocracy and the History of Economic Thought.
Pressman's work has sought to explain the Physiocratic model of the macro-economy (see Physiocracy), and to argue that the Tableau Économique is a consistent economic model. He has shown how this model can be used to deal with the contemporary economic problems such as the productivity slowdown and appropriate tax policy. Finally, he has shown how this model is consistent with the models of contemporary schools of thought such as Post-Keynesian economics.
His book, "50 Major Economists", 2nd ed. (Routledge, 2006) brings the ideas of key economists from the past to a more general audience.
Other Contributions.
Pressman has written on financial frauds and their causes, including articles on specific frauds such as Charles Ponzi, Martin Frankel, and Health South. He has argued that naive optimism, a human character trait, is one reason that financial frauds are so prevalent. Another reason is herd behavior. Yet another reason is the lack of adequate government controls and insufficient checks and balances on firms and on individuals working for firms. Finally, human laziness comes into play- the failure of people to do the simple homework necessary to identify likely fraudulent activity.
Pressman has also written on economic methodology, arguing that the voting paradox cannot be resolved by claiming that voting is like clapping or applauding for a candidate. Strong empirical evidence that people engage in strategic voting, and important differences between voting and applause, make this resolution of the voting paradox inadequate.
Finally, Pressman has argued that Robert Nozick's position on the justice of government redistribution programs, which is put into concrete terms with his famous Wilt Chamberlain example, is badly flawed for four reasons- it ignores actual history, yet purports to be a historical theory of justice, it ignores empirical evidence on justice, it ignores the social nature of production and it ignores the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20072708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072708" title="Tumor-induced osteomalacia">
Tumor-induced osteomalacia

Tumor-induced osteomalacia, also known as oncogenic hypophosphatemic osteomalacia or oncogenic osteomalacia, is an uncommon disorder resulting in increased renal phosphate excretion, hypophosphatemia and osteomalacia.
Signs and symptoms.
Adult patients have worsening myalgias, bone pains and fatigue which are followed by recurrent fractures. Children present with difficulty in walking, stunted growth and deformities of the skeleton (features of rickets).
Diagnosis.
Biochemical studies reveal hypophosphatemia (low blood phosphate), elevated alkaline phosphatase and low serum 1, 25 dihydroxyvitamin D levels. Routine laboratory tests do not include serum phosphate levels and this can result in considerable delay in diagnosis. Even when low phosphate is measured, its significance is often overlooked. The next most appropriate test is measurement of urine phosphate levels. If there is inappropriately high urine phosphate (phosphaturia) in the setting of low serum phosphate (hypophosphatemia), there should be a high suspicion for tumor-induced osteomalacia. FGF23 (see below) can be measured to confirm the diagnosis but this test is not widely available.
Once hypophosphatemia and phosphaturia have been identified, a search for the causative tumor should begin. These are small and difficult to define. Gallium-68 DOTA-Octreotate (DOTA-TATE) positron emission tomography (PET) scanning is the best way to locate these tumors. If this scan is not available, other options include Indium-111 Octreotide (Octreoscan) SPECT/CT, whole body CT or MRI imaging.
Pathogenesis.
FGF23 (fibroblast growth factor 23) inhibits phosphate transport in the renal tubule and reduces calcitriol production by the kidney. Tumor production of FGF23, frizzled-related protein 4 and matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein (MEPE) have all been identified as possible causative agents for the hypophosphatemia.
Causative tumors.
Tumor-induced osteomalacia is usually referred to as a paraneoplastic phenomenon, however, the tumors are usually benign and the symptomatology is due to osteomalacia or rickets. A benign mesenchymal or mixed connective tissue tumor (usually phosphaturic mesenchymal tumor and hemangiopericytoma) are the commonest associated tumors. Association with mesenchymal malignant tumors, such as osteosarcoma and fibrosarcoma, has also been reported. 
Locating the tumor can prove to be difficult and may require whole body MRI. Some of the tumors express somatostatin receptors and may be located by octreotide scanning.
Differential diagnosis.
Serum chemistries are identical in tumor-induced osteomalacia, X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (XHR) and autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets (ADHR). A negative family history can be useful in distinguishing tumor induced osteomalacia from XHR and ADHR. If necessary, genetic testing for PHEX (phosphate regulating gene with homologies to endopepetidase on the X-chromosome) can be used to conclusively diagnose XHR and testing for the FGF-23 gene will identify patients with ADHR.
Treatment.
Resection of the tumor is the ideal treatment and results in correction of hypophosphatemia (and low calcitriol levels) within hours of resection. Resolution of skeletal abnormalities may take many months.
If the tumor cannot be located, treatment with calcitriol (1-3 µg/day) and phosphorus (1-4 g/day in divided doses) is instituted. Tumors which secrete somatostatin receptors may respond to treatment with octreotide. If hypophosphatemia persists despite calcitriol and phosphate supplementation, administration of cinacalcet has been shown to be useful 
Popular culture.
In season 2 of the USA Network series Royal Pains, Reshma Shetty (as Divya Katdare) diagnoses a storm chaser (Jamie Ray Newman) with recurring fractures to have tumor-induced osteomalacia.
Further reading.
Chong WH, Molinolo AA, Chen CC, Collins MT., Tumor-induced osteomalacia Endocr Relat Cancer. 2011 Jun 8;18(3):R53-77 [http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21490240]

</doc>
<doc id="20072722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072722" title="Anableps anableps">
Anableps anableps

Anableps anableps, the Largescale four-eyed fish is a species of four-eyed fish found in brackish waters northern South America and Trinidad. This species grows to a length of TL. This fish can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20072728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072728" title="Invaders Must Die">
Invaders Must Die

Invaders Must Die is the fifth studio album by English electronica group The Prodigy. The album was released on 18 February 2009 on the band's new record label Take Me to the Hospital, and was distributed by Cooking Vinyl.
The album was a commercial success, faring better than "Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned". In contrast to the commercial performance, critical reaction to the album was mixed. It has spawned four singles, including the title track, "Omen", "Warrior's Dance", and "Take Me to the Hospital".
Background.
During the "Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned" tour, the band debuted two new songs, "Warning" and "Dead Ken Beats"; the former features Keith Flint on vocals and consists of heavy bass lines and guitar riffs, while the latter includes a sample of the Dead Kennedys' song "California Über Alles", and vocals by Maxim. At the Sheffield and Birmingham gigs (16 May and 17 May 2008 respectively), the bands played a new version of "Dead Ken Beats", while debuting "World's on Fire", "Warrior's Dance", which became a single from the forthcoming album, and "Unstoppable". At the Gatecrasher festival on 25 May 2008, the band performed a track which would later appear as a B-side to the album named "Mescaline".
The band played another new track during the "" tour. The song, which was printed on a setlist as "Heatwave", is thought to have been renamed "Heatwave Hurricane", due to Liam Howlett listing it among his favourite songs in a recent interview. It has been described as "something like a cross between 'Hotride' (live version) and the 'Firestarter' remix". A short clip can be seen on YouTube, revealing that the song includes a sample of "I'm Five Years Ahead of My Time" by The Third Bardo, a song which is also featured on Howlett's "Back to Mine" compilation.
Recording.
Recording began in February 2006, shorty after the release of "", and ended in. Some of the songs recorded for the album, such as the synthesizer-led "Colours" were written before the release of the group's fourth album, and early versions were showcased in live performances. Liam Howlett conceived the album musical direction as a mashup of their previous albums. The new album was set to be released in summer 2007, but when the album's release date was postponed to the "first quarter of next year ," the band had conceived over 25 ideas while completing production on certain tracks and writing lyrics.
Howlett revealed in an April 2008 interview that he had three more months of work left for the new album. He also said that he has a working album title and song titles, but was not ready to publicly announce them until these details were released through The Prodigy's official newsletter on 4 November. This announcement stated that the album would be a return to their "old-school but cutting edge" roots, and would feature collaborations with Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters, Them Crooked Vultures and Nirvana, and James Rushent of Does It Offend You, Yeah?, but would not feature any guest vocals.
Composition.
Invaders Must Die's title track is the album's opening track, and its lyrics include the name of the group on the line "We are The Prodigy." The song is featured in many film and game trailers such as the film "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" and the "Duke Nukem Forever" game trailer. "Omen" has a similar tempo, and both tracks were co-produced by James Rushent. "Thunder" recreates elements from Trevor Joe's "Ethiopian Peace Song" (also known as "Rasta Peace Song"), while "Colours" is one of the first songs written by the band.
"Take Me to the Hospital"'s music video was The Prodigy's first to be released on the Vidzone application. The promotional film was filmed onto VHS rather than digital recording equipment to obtain an old school 1990s look. The track samples "Salami Fever" by Pepe Deluxé and "Ragamuffin Duo Take Charge" by Asher D & Daddy Freddy, and the name of the song comes from the record label of the same name. The melody of "Warrior's Dance" is similar to "Take Me to the Hospital"'s. The song chorus is a sample of the True Faith song "Take Me Away", which was then sampled and edited by Major Players in "Come with Me", the song where the vocals for this track come from. The song also samples "Final Cut", a song featuring Bridget(te) Grace. A festival of the same name was curated by the group, and will take place at Milton Keynes.
"Run With the Wolves", featuring Dave Grohl on drums, who was contributor to many tracks of the Nine Inch Nails album "With Teeth" (2005), has a sample of "So Refined", a single performed by Senser. This song was featured in the 2011 film "Hall Pass". There was a contest to make a music video for the song, and the winning entry was posted on 15 February 2010. After a "reprise" of "Omen", "World's on Fire" follows. This song samples The Breeders' "I Just Wanna Get Along" and "Vamp" composed by Outlander. "Piranha" samples "Troubled Mind" by The Buff Medways and "Sara Zamana" by Kishore Kumar and Chorus, while "Stand Up", the only instrumental track on the album, samples "One Way Glass" from Manfred Mann Chapter Three. This song, along with "Omen", is featured heavily in the 2010 film "Kick-Ass", and both are included on the soundtrack release of the album.
Promotion.
"Invaders Must Die" was chosen as the lead single from the album of the same name, and was released from the band's website as a free digital download on 26 November 2008. The download was announced in a newsletter sent to fans on 24 November, and first aired on Zane Lowe's Radio 1 show as the 'Hottest Record in the World' of the same day it was released. Although it was not released as a commercial single, the song peaked at No. 49 in the UK Singles Chart, whilst the Chase and Status remix reached No. 53 in the Australian ARIA Singles Chart and No. 7 in the ARIA Dance Chart.
"Omen" debuted at No. 1 on the Canadian Singles Chart during the week of 25 February 2009, peaked at No. 4 in the UK. In Australia, the song debuted at #83. The song was later voted as the "Best Single" at the 2009 Kerrang! Awards.
The single that followed, "Warrior's Dance", was released on 11 May 2009. The digital version of the single was released on 17 April 2009 in Australia as an iTunes exclusive, while the "Edit" version with none of the remixes is also available. When released there, however, the song was titled incorrectly and the download was actually a song from the Britpop band Placebo; this issue was fixed shorty after its release. Three downloadable remixes of "Warrior's Dance" were sold via the group's website, while an extra remix was exclusive to iTunes. The song peaked at No. 9 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Take Me to the Hospital", released on 31 August 2009, was the final commercially-released single from the album. It was remixed six times, with the "Wreckage" mix being a collaboration with Josh Homme. The song debuted at No. 38 in the UK Singles Chart and topped the UK Dance Chart.
Release and reception.
"Invaders Must Die" was released as a CD, CD/DVD set, double-vinyl, digital download and a luxury-like 7-inch vinyl box set that includes five 7-inches, CD/DVD, bonus CD, poster, stickers and stencils. To coincide with the release of the album, the band embarked on a nine date UK arena tour, with support from Dizzee Rascal, Noisia, Herve and DJ Kissy Sell Out. The "Warrior's Dance" video aired on Channel 4 on 28 March at 12:00 am.
As with "Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned", initial critical response to "Invaders Must Die" was mixed. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 60, based on 20 reviews. One example was "Allmusic", who called it "a curious nu-rave record, as though the sound of 1991 (such as their Top Ten hit "Charly") has been filtered through the sound of 1996 (such as their number one, "Firestarter") to emerge as nothing more than a hodgepodge of uptempo dance music with extroverted beats and grimy basslines.
However, it was a commercial success. The album debuted at the top of the UK Albums Chart on 1 March 2009 with 97,254 copies sold, giving them their fourth consecutive number one album in the UK. The album performed well worldwide as well, entering the top five in Poland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Australia, Canada, Belgium and Germany. The album debuted at No. 117 in the US but jumped to No. 58 in its second week. The album received Gold sales status in Australia and Germany, while Switzerland classified it as "2x Gold" with 30,000 copies. As of 7 November 2009 the album has sold over 1,029,000 copies worldwide.
The European edition includes a 11-track audio CD and a DVD with the videos for "Invaders Must Die," "Omen" and live performances of "World's on Fire" and "Warrior's Dance". The DVD has a computer-readable (HD data for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X) high definition version of the former music video. On 21 October 2009, the album was re-released as ""Invaders Must Die" Special Edition", which included remixes of the album itself, a different album cover, and a DVD containing music videos and live performances. One of the tracks on the edition was eventually released as a MP3 for download. The song was later released as "Invaders". A "Warrior's Dance Fest" edition of the album will be released in Japan alone.

</doc>
<doc id="20072740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072740" title="List of current Days of our Lives characters">
List of current Days of our Lives characters


</doc>
<doc id="20072747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072747" title="2004–05 Montreal Canadiens season">
2004–05 Montreal Canadiens season

The 2004–05 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 96th season, 88th in the National Hockey League. However, its games were cancelled as the 2004–05 NHL lockout could not be resolved in time. The other 29 teams did not play either due to the labour dispute.
Draft picks.
The 2004 NHL Entry Draft was held on June 26 at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was the last NHL event to take place before the beginning of the lockout which cancelled all the games scheduled for the 2004–05 NHL season.
Montreal selected nine players at the 2004 Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="20072782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072782" title="Criss Angel Believe">
Criss Angel Believe

Criss Angel Believe (also written "CRISS ANGEL Believe or Criss Angel: Believe") is a 2008 theatrical production of Cirque du Soleil and magician Criss Angel at the Luxor hotel in Las Vegas, scheduled for 4,600 performances in the 1,600-capacity theater; the show is scheduled for a 10-year run, with an option for a five-year extension. Angel is billed as "co-writer, illusions creator and designer, original concept creator and star."
"Believe" is the sixth Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas, following "Mystère" (1993–present), "O" (1998–present), "Zumanity" (2003–present), "Kà" (2005–present) and "Love" (2006–present).
History.
Angel claimed to have been developing aspects of the show for over 15 years. He originally tried to develop the show for a Broadway run, as well as other casinos, but nothing came to fruition. Eventually, "Believe" came together when he entered a partnership with Cirque du Soleil and the Luxor's parent company, MGM Mirage Resorts, which financed the show with $100 million. The partnership marked the first time Cirque built a show around an individual performer.
After the failure of the musical "Hairspray" at Luxor, MGM Mirage signed with Cirque to install a new show for the theater by 2008, the sixth Cirque show on The Strip. That show became the partnership with Angel, which was formally announced on March 22, 2008, in a press conference with MGM Mirage and Cirque executives, and Angel that included an awkward speech by the latter. The title was announced in a press release on April 17. During this period, Angel received bad press from incidents during the Miss USA 2008 contest. After his then-girlfriend, Miss Nevada, was eliminated, Angel was filmed on NBC giving the finger; afterward he threatened "Las Vegas Review-Journal" gossip columnist Norm Clarke over negative press regarding his actions earlier in the competition: Angel told Clarke, who had an eye removed and wears an eyepatch, "Don't ever write another word about me, or you'll need an eyepatch over your other eye." Angel refused to apologize and later denied the incident ever occurred, despite an assertions from several including the "Review-Journal"'s publisher.
Angel described the show as "bout my life. It's "Alice in Wonderland." It's "The Wizard of Oz." "Mindfreak." It's about the demons in my head, the good that's out there, the angels and love and lust—all that stuff mixed up." Cirque selected Serge Denoncourt as director and co-writer, a somewhat counterintuitive selection since he explicitly disliked magic. Denoncourt stated that he was "trying to direct a show for people who love it but also for people like me who hate magic."
Originally planned for a summer 2008 opening, more than $5 million in advance tickets were sold. After several delays, the show had was set for a gala opening on October 31, 2008 with preview shows in late September.
Reception.
The initial preview performance was not received well; audience reactions were thoroughly negative. The show opened to equally harsh reviews, citing a lack of the magic Angel is known for as well as a confusing and uninteresting theme; reviewers felt neither Angel nor Cirque du Soleil were able to perform their capabilities. By December 17, two months into the show's run, the Luxor was offering a 40% discount on show tickets. In lieu of quotes from theater critics, by January 2009 the "Believe" website used positive critical quotes from selected celebrities, including Angel's then-girlfriend, Holly Madison.
Perez Hilton.
After Cirque du Soleil spent some months altering the ongoing show, blogger and television personality Perez Hilton attended a Friday, April 17, 2009 performance. During the show, Hilton used his Twitter account to message over half a million of his subscribers "We are 20 minutes in and Criss Angel's Vegas show, Believe, is unbelievably BAD!", as well as other criticism. As the show was ending, Angel singled out Hilton, had him stand up, and declared to the audience that "We have the world's biggest douchebag asshole in the house!" To which Hilton replied "Thanks for the free tickets." Hilton, who was a fan of Cirque du Soleil's other Vegas shows, later noted that "until 'Believe,' Cirque has had an incredible track record of excellence. I have seen all of their Vegas shows and loved them all."
In the aftermath of the incident, Cirque du Soleil, but not Angel, issued an apology to Hilton, as well as anyone else present in the family-oriented show. Speaking also on behalf of hotel owner MGM Mirage, Cirque du Soleil called Angel's remarks "inappropriate and disrespectful", noting that "Cirque du Soleil does not condone disrespectful behavior towards any audience member at any time. Cirque management will address such behavior privately with any of its artists to ensure it will not happen again." The Vegas media reaction was strongly against Angel, who was viewed as having broken a major taboo among casino employees in the largely tourist economy by insulting a guest, notably during an economic downturn.
Additional illusions added.
After many reviews cited the disappointing lack of magic in the show, it was revealed in April 2010 that over thirty new illusions were planned to be added to the performance and would be rolled out by the end of May 2010. This enhancement was to raise the number of illusions to twice the amount of any show then on the Las Vegas Strip. The new illusions marked the second time the show had had significant modifications and fixes made, the first being changes from Cirque du Soleil approximately one year prior in April 2009.
Acts.
The following is a run down of the production prior to May 2010, most of these elements no longer exist in the current version of the show. Those still present in the show are noted:
Before the show opens, the Ushers come out and interact with the audience; most notable are Maestro's simple magic tricks and his obvious desire to be Criss.
Costumes.
Mérédith Caron, costume designer, drew much inspiration from the 17th and 18th centuries, including the Victorian era. The fabrics chosen reflected the themes of desire, seduction, and dreams. The many materials for the characters include linen, cotton netting, crushed velvet, jute, hemp, and crinyl. As an example, Kayala wears a bodice of black crinyl and organza train which is highly influenced by 18th-century decadence. The dolls, on the other hand, are inspired by 17th-century paintings and enlarged paisley patterns. Crimson is seen wearing a costume made of leather and "Mirror of Holland" linen. Her costume's skin effect was created by using two layers of linen covered by black netting which was slashed and sewn back together to give the impression of scars.
Music.
The official soundtrack for the show, by French composer Eric Serra, was released in late November 2010 exclusively through Cirque du Soleil's web store; the soundtrack can also be purchased at the official Believe store. The soundtrack is composed of the songs from the original variation of the show, with track listing as follows:
The song "Sexy Pet" also appears on the two-disc "25" compilation soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20072799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072799" title="Ravindra Kumar">
Ravindra Kumar

Dr. Ravindra Kumar (born 1959) is a political scientist, peace-worker, educationalist and the former Vice-Chancellor of Meerut University. Currently he is the editor-in-chief of the 'Global Peace International Journal', and has more than a hundred books and four hundred articles/talks/lectures on great leaders of the Indian sub-continent, especially Mohandas Gandhi, and on various social, religious, political, educational, cultural and academic issues.
Early life and education.
Born in 1959 at Kakrauli village of Muzaffarnagar district in Uttar Pradesh India, he is an M.A. in Political Science & Philosophy, PGD in Gandhian Studies and Ph.D..
Career.
A well-known Indologist and the former Vice-Chancellor of CCS University Meerut, India, Kumar has been associated with several national and international academic, cultural, educational, peace and social bodies/institutions/organizations. As a cultural ambassador of India, he has specially two hundred lectures/talks at various institutions and universities of the world on subjects related to Asian values, civilization, culture, education, Gandhism, international co-operation and understanding, leadership, religion, terrorism, way-of-life, world peace, youth affairs etc.
As a Peace Worker, Kumar started ‘"Peace Review"’ - an international journal of peace studies in 1998 and worked as its Editor-in-Chief. In 2001 he has started ‘"Global Peace"’ - another international journal of philosophy, peace, education, culture and civilization. Besides, he has inspired hundred and thousands of people all over the world for their commitment towards non-violence by signing pledges.
He has organized seminars and symposiums at national and international level on subjects like religion and politics (at Meerut in July 1993), morality and ethics in public life (at Pune in January 1996), education, peace and development (at Meerut in November 2000), non-violence and democracy (at Meerut in April 2002), on human rights (at Meerut in January 2003) and on Mahatma Gandhi (in Mumbai in February 2004).
Books.
Some of his books have been translated into Tamil and Thai languages, apart from Hindi and English languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20072800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072800" title="The Torture of Silence">
The Torture of Silence

The Torture of Silence () is a 1917 silent French drama film directed by Abel Gance.

</doc>
<doc id="20072860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072860" title="American robotics">
American robotics

Robots of the United States include simple household robots such as Roomba to sophisticated autonomous aircraft such as the MQ-9 Reaper that cost 18 million dollars per unit. The first industrial robot, robot company, and exoskeletons as well as the first dynamically balancing, organic, and nanoscale robots originate from the United States.
History.
In 1898 Nikola Tesla publicly demonstrated a radio-controlled torpedo. Based on patents for "teleautomation", Tesla hoped to develop it into a weapon system for the US Navy.
In 1926, Westinghouse Electric Corporation created Televox, the first robot put to useful work. In the 1930s, they created a humanoid robot known as Elektro for exhibition purposes, including the 1939 and 1940 World's Fairs.
Unimate was the first industrial robot,
which worked on a General Motors assembly line in New Jersey in 1961.
It was created by George Devol in the 1950s using his original patents. Devol, together with Joseph F. Engelberger started Unimation, the world's first robot manufacturing company.
In 2008 the U.S. Air Force 174th Fighter Wing transitioned from F-16 piloted planes to MQ-9 Reaper drones, which are capable remote controlled or autonomous flight, becoming the first all-robot attack squadron.
Non-autonomous (human operated).
These machines are human operated and not autonomous. Therefore they do fit the classical description of a robot.

</doc>
<doc id="20072865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072865" title="Govt. M.M. City College, Khulna">
Govt. M.M. City College, Khulna

Govt. M.M. City College of Khulna is one of the major educational institute of Bangladesh. Its full name is the Government Majid Memorial City College. The institute was established within the mid part of 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20072880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072880" title="Leptoxis carinata">
Leptoxis carinata

Leptoxis carinata, common name the crested mudalia, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.
Shell description.
"Leptoxis carinata" has a strong globose shell, with highly variable sculpture. In various creeks and rivers throughout its range, populations may be found with spiral cords, a single carina or keel, variously developed, or lacking sculpture. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in unpolluted large creeks and high-gradient rivers in the Atlantic drainages of the United States, from New York to North Carolina. 
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Leptoxis carinata" is found in high-gradient streams, generally in the faster flowing riffles and drops, where it clings firmly to large stones and bedrock exposures.
Life cycle.
"Leptoxis carinata" is semelparous biennial.
This species, unlike softer shelled physid snails, grows very slowly, and has the lowest intrinsic rate of increase (this means that populations grow very slowly), along with "Elimia virginica", in this environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20072886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072886" title="Roberta Metsola">
Roberta Metsola

Roberta Metsola (born January 18, 1979, in Pietà, Malta) is a Member of the European Parliament representing Malta.
Education and Work.
Metsola is a lawyer by profession and has specialised in European law and politics. She served as Malta's Legal and Judicial Cooperation Attaché within the Permanent Representation of Malta to the European Union. and as legal advisor to the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
Politics.
In her student years, she formed part of SDM (Studenti Demokristjani Maltin), KNZ (The National Youth Council) and MZPN (Moviment Zgħazagħ Partit Nazzjonalista), before being elected as Secretary General of the European Democrat Students (EDS - the student branch of the EPP), as well as to posts within the European Youth Forum (YJF). In 2002, she was elected vice-president of the Youth Convention on the Future of Europe which paved the way to her being closely involved in the negotiation and drafting of the European Constitutional Treaty and, later, the Lisbon Treaty.
She has been constantly active within the Partit Nazzjonalista in Malta, serving within the party's international secretariat; actively campaigning for a 'YES' vote in the 2003 EU membership referendum; volunteering with the PN's election arm ELCOM.
Participation in European Parliament Elections.
Metsola ran for the European Parliament elections in 2004 and 2009 European Parliament as a Nationalist candidate in Malta. She was not elected in either of these elections.
However, she successfully contested the casual election to fill in the vacated seat of Simon Busuttil on 24 April 2013, becoming one of Malta's first female Members of the European Parliament.
Portfolio as Member of European Parliament.
Metsola currently contributes to and is a member of the following committees: CRIM (Special Committee on Organised Crime, Corruption and Money Laundering), LIBE (Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs), PETI (Petitions Committee) and DSEE (Delegation for relations with Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo). She has also chosen to be a substitute member of IMCO (Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection), DEEA (Delegation for relations with Switzerland and Norway and to the EU-Iceland Joint Parliamentary Committee and the European Economic Area (EEA) Joint Parliamentary Committee) and DMED (Delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Union for the Mediterranean). 
Metsola has the last year of this legislature as an MEP to be part of these committees, as the Maltese Elections for Members of the European Parliament is set for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20072894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072894" title="Solar Fields">
Solar Fields

Solar Fields is the stage name of Swedish electronic music artist Magnus Birgersson. He has released twelve albums, and has also scored all interactive in-game music for the Electronic Arts game "Mirror's Edge".
Biography.
In the late 90s, Göteborg based Swedish composer, sound designer, and multi-instrumentalist Magnus Birgersson created Solar Fields.
Magnus was raised in a musical family, and began playing piano and synthesizers in the 1970s. In the mid-80s he began combining synthesizers with computers. In addition to his ambient work, he has also been a guitar player in rock bands, a pianist in jazz funk bands, and keyboard player in drum & bass bands."
He currently collaborates with Vincent Villuis aka AES Dana on H.U.V.A. Network and T.S.R. in the company of Daniel Segerstad and Johannes Hedberg from Carbon Based Lifeforms.
Under moniker Solar Fields, he composed 12 albums and appeared on over 60 various compilations. His first solo release was an ambient album named "Reflective Frequencies", released on Ultimae in 2001. This was followed two years later by "Blue Moon Station" , which also included downtempo and trance, and was designed as a single fluid story.
In late 2005, Solar Fields composed "Leaving Home" and "Extended", the later being a limited edition.
His 5th album "EarthShine", launched in 2007, featured more upbeat soundscapes blending morning trance, progressive, psychedelic, tribal and ambient music. This up-tempo album was warmly received by the progressive and psytrance scenes. This led to Electronic Arts (EA) and DICE commissioning Solar Fields for the in-game score for "Mirror's Edge", a first-person action adventure video game released worldwide on November 14, 2008. The soundtrack was included in the VGC's "Top 20 Original Soundtracks in Gaming".
The following year, Solar Fields composed "Movements". The album was ranked in the top 10 of best albums by Echoes listeners. The album "Movements" was also used as the soundtrack for the indie game "Capsized" from the small Canadian studio Alientrap in 2011.
In 2010 he used the harmonies and melodies of "Movements" in a remix album titled "Altered - Second Movements" and started the "Origin" series, four albums which aim to present archives and unreleased songs.
"Until We Meet the Sky" and "Random Friday" were composed in parallel.
In 2013, he released the second album in the "Origin" series, "Origin #02".

</doc>
<doc id="20072918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072918" title="Barberousse">
Barberousse

Barberousse is a 1917 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072937" title="Voter turnout in the United States presidential elections">
Voter turnout in the United States presidential elections

The following is a listing of voter turnout in each United States presidential election going back to 1828.
Note: While final exact figures for 2012 are yet to be calculated, the Bipartisan Research Center has stated that turnout for 2012 was 57.5 percent of the eligible voters, which they claim was a decline from 2008. They estimate that as a percent of eligible voters, turn out was: 2000, 54.2%; in 2004 60.4%; 2008 62.3%; and 2012 57.5%. These were the same figures as given by the Center for the Study of the American Electorate. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072948" title="Tone (magazine)">
Tone (magazine)

Tone was a bi-monthly magazine combining coverage of technological developments in New Zealand and from around the world with reviews on the latest consumer products available in New Zealand. 
It was Parkside Media's third magazine, following NZ Classic Car and NZ Performance Car. Until issue 32, Tone was bi-monthly. A change was made to monthly, but as of issue 73 (November/December 2008), it returned to bi-monthly.
Tone's offices are in Grey Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand.
Masthead design.
Tone's logo features a small coloured triangle. Internally this is called 'Jerry'. Jerry changes colour each issue to match the cover design.
Version 2 of the logo appeared in issue 32 when the magazine changed to monthly.
Version 3 of the logo appeared in issue 44.
Version 4 of the logo appeared in issue 67 and changed the tagline to "Gadgets | Hi-fi | Home theatre", from "Technology to change your life".
Magazine contents.
As of the November/December 2008 issue, the typical magazine contents include:

</doc>
<doc id="20072955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072955" title="Croatia–NATO relations">
Croatia–NATO relations

The accession of Croatia to NATO took place in 2009. Croatia entered into NATO's Partnership for Peace in 2000, which began the process of accession into the alliance. The country received an invitation to join at the 2008 Bucharest summit and became a full member on April 1, 2009.
History.
Croatia's first relations with NATO were established in 1953. That year Yugoslavia entered into the Balkan Pact, a loose military alliance with Greece and Turkey, then both recent NATO members.
Croatia had considered holding a referendum on NATO membership. On March 23, 2007, the Croatian president Stjepan Mesić, Prime Minister Ivo Sanader and President of parliament Vladimir Šeks declared that the Croatian constitution does not require a referendum on this issue. In 2006 the Croatian government was planning to start a media campaign to promote the benefits of membership. In February 2008 a project named "Bolje pakt nego rat" was formed by Transparency International Croatia and iDEMO, and financed by the United States embassy in Croatia, in order to promote the NATO membership through public discussions about its benefits.
A May 2007 poll commissioned by the government showed that NATO membership was backed by 52% of the population, and 25% was against. On January 4, 2008, Croatian Prime minister Ivo Sanader reached a coalition agreement with partners from HSS and HSLS to form a new government. According to a provision of the said agreement Croatia's entry into NATO would not be decided on a referendum. Less than 20 days before entering NATO, Prime Minister Sanader stated: "I will forget that some people had requested a referendum. Had we started that adventure, we wouldn't have accomplished this."
Croatia has been a member of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan since December 12, 2002. In 2003 Croatia joined the Adriatic Charter along with other NATO aspirants. In November, 2006 the "State Committee for the Membership of Croatia in NATO" was established, with Croatian president Stjepan Mesić serving as committee president, and speaker Vladimir Šeks and prime minister Ivo Sanader serving as its vice-presidents. In June, 2007 the Croatian Parliament and the NATO parliamentary Assembly held a three-day conference in Dubrovnik entitled "Southeast Europe: Unfinished business", to discuss security and political issues in the region. The Noble Midas 07 NATO exercise held in Croatia in October, 2007 was the first time in the alliance's history that it held a military exercise in a non-member country. Croatia hosted an unofficial meeting of defense ministers on NATO's role in southeastern Europe in March, 2009.
On January 1, 2008 Croatia abandoned military conscription and finished its transition to a fully professionl army. The Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia expects that it will join the NATO-led Kosovo Force (KFOR) in 2009. With Croatia's accession to the alliance, it has become more likely that the country will leave the Non-Aligned Movement. The Croatian minister of foreign affairs Gordan Jandroković was invited to the movement's 15th Conference, held in Iran in July, 2008. Instead of a high-level delegate, the Croatian ambassador to Iran Esad Prohić served as Croatian representative.

</doc>
<doc id="20072961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072961" title="The Zone of Death">
The Zone of Death

The Zone of Death () is a 1917 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20072977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072977" title="Cosy Hall">
Cosy Hall

Cosy Hall is a community hall in the market town of Newport, Shropshire, UK.
sited on the side of the Shrewsbury and Newport Canal.
The hall had been a Music Hall in 1925, a Gospel Hall in 1881 and a coach factory in 1852.
After the music hall went bankrupt Cosy Hall lay derelict until 1985.
The derelict building and the land adjoining was purchased by Clare Boughey and donated to the Cosy Hall Charity for the sum of £1.
Cosy Hall is now Newport’s Community Building owned and managed by the community through the Charitable Trust and its Managing Trustees.
Now a multi-use building which is used every day -
The ground floor Gallery Room seats 40 – 80
The Green Room seats up to 20
The first floor Susan Miles Room seats 150

</doc>
<doc id="20072982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072982" title="Knights in White Satin">
Knights in White Satin

Knights in White Satin is a 1976 album composed, produced and performed by Giorgio Moroder.
Side A of the album consists almost solely of a disco version of Moody Blues' 1967 hit "Nights in White Satin", interrupted by a Moroder/Bellotte composition called "In the Middle of the Knight". The track is typical of the disco era in that it covers an entire LP side, but atypical as it is quite slow, only 110bpm, and not what was usually considered the standard at the time, 120bpm.
The main theme (Knights in White Satin) has been sampled and used again by G. Moroder for the soundtrack of Alan Parker's movie, "Midnight Express".

</doc>
<doc id="20072992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20072992" title="Alan Sues">
Alan Sues

Alan Grigsby Sues (March 7, 1926 – December 1, 2011) was an American comic actor widely known for his roles on the 1968–1973 television series "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In". Alan's on-screen persona was campy, outrageous and contained verbal slapstick. Typical of his humor was a skit that found him following a pair of whiskey-drinking cowboys to a Wild West bar and requesting a frozen daiquiri. His recurring characters on the program included "Big Al the Sportscaster" and "Uncle Al the Kiddie's Pal".
Early life.
Alan Grigsby Sues was born on March 7, 1926 in Ross, California to Alice (née Murray) and Melvyn Sues, who raised racehorses, requiring the family to move frequently. He served in the U.S. Army in Europe during World War II.
Career.
Sues used his GI Bill benefits to pay for acting lessons at the Pasadena Playhouse, where he performed, later making his Broadway debut in the stage play "Tea and Sympathy", directed by Elia Kazan, which had a successful run in New York City beginning in 1953. During this period, Alan met and married Phyllis Gehrig, a dancer and actress, subsequently starting a vaudevillian nightclub act in Manhattan — with which they toured North America before divorcing in 1958.
After touring the country with his wife, he got more work in stand-up comedy (at Reuben Bleu and Blue Angel, both clubs in Manhattan), worked with Julius Monk, and joined an improv/sketch group with "The Mad Show", which led to his being cast in "Laugh-In". Outside of "Laugh-In", he appeared in the classic "Twilight Zone" episode "The Masks", in a non-comedic role. He also had supporting roles in the films "Move Over, Darling" (1963) and "The Americanization of Emily" (1964).
After "Laugh-In", Sues portrayed Professor Moriarty onstage in "Sherlock Holmes" (opposite John Wood, and later Leonard Nimoy), which, according to Alan, was "one of my favorite roles, because it's so against type, and I loved the makeup". The makeup for Moriarty was used in several books about makeup as an example of shadowing and technique. Sues appeared in television commercials for Peter Pan Peanut Butter during the 1970s, as a tongue-in-cheek Peter Pan. He toured with "Singin' in the Rain", playing the Elocution Instructor. He also appeared in several movies, and provided voiceovers including "Oh! Heavenly Dog" and "Rudolph and Frosty's Christmas in July". 
Later years.
Sues appeared in the short films "Lord of the Road" (1999) and "Artificially Speaking" (2009), the latter making its premiere at the 2009 Dances With Films festival in Los Angeles.
In 2008, fifty years after their divorce, Sues and his former wife, Phyllis, conducted a lengthy interview at his home for her website.
Death.
Sues died on December 1, 2011, at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, West Hollywood, where he was taken after suffering an apparent heart attack while watching television with his beloved dog, Doris, according to his friend and accountant, Michael Michaud. Michael Michaud said that, even though Alan never disclosed publicly during his career that he was gay, his over-the-top, flamboyant, stereotypically gay mannerisms displayed on "Laugh-In" were an inspiration to many viewers when they were young, as he was "the only gay man they could see on television at the time."
Sues was survived by various family members and friends. A memorial service was held at his home in West Hollywood on March 25, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="20073016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073016" title="Doudou Gouirand">
Doudou Gouirand

Doudou Gouirand (born April 28, 1940) is a French jazz saxophonist and composer.
Early career.
Gouirand was living in Sweden when he met the great trumpeter and composer Don Cherry, who gave him the opportunity to study and work with him in Sweden and Scandinavia and eventually throughout Europe. This experience developed Gouirand's interest in and knowledge of Indian and African music, and World music in general. Cherry's interest in Ornette Coleman led Gouirand to become interested in improvised music as well.
Working with Cherry gave Gouirand the opportunity to meet J. M’Bizo Dyani, Okay Temiz, Trilok Gurtu, Djaya-Deva, Bobo Stenson, and Palle Danielsson, some of whom he worked with later in his career. This musical experience and his Latin and Mediterranean roots inspired Gouirand to meld his Mediterranean culture with contemporary jazz.
When Gouirand returned to France in the late 1970s, he worked for a period of time with Okay Temiz's "Oriental Wind" and Brazilian singer-songwriters Teca and Ricardo.
Recording and composing.
Gouirand then began to compose and record regularly, first for JAM. His first album, "Islands" (1981), featured Chris Mc Gregor on piano. In 1982, Gouirand is on Dyani's album "Grand Mother's Teaching", a selection of music with jazz and South African roots.
The albums "Mouvements Naturels" (1982) and "Chanting & Dancing" (1985) were recorded with his new group World Music Company, and feature Pierre Dorge, Johnny Dyani, Sangoma Everett and Cheikh Tidiane Fall. Gouirand recorded "Forgotten Tales" (VDS/52° rue, 1986), an album of original material which features Don Cherry. This record was re-issued in November 2000 by Great Winds/Musea.
During the following years, Gouirand explored new directions with "Space" (VDS/52° rue), a trio album with Mal Waldron on piano and Michel Marre on trumpet, then "La Nuit de Wounded Knee" (Blue Line, 1990) with Bobo Stenson, Aldo Romano
and Palle Danielsson—dedicated to native Americans, and "Le Matin d'un Fauve" (AA/WMD, 1994) again with Mal Waldron and Michel Marre.
With the very successful "Nino Rota/Fellini" album (Deux Z/Harmonia Mundi, 1995), acclaimed arrangement and composition work done around Nino Rota's film music, he explored a more European and typically Mediterranean idiom, while keeping a lot of improvisation. Between 1996 and 1998, he toured in France and Switzerland with "Third Dimension", a trio with Mal Waldron and vocalist Jeanne Lee. The group did not release any recordings. His album "Passages" (June 1999, distributed by Harmonia Mundi) features Rita Marcotulli, JJ Avenel, J. Allouche, plus Elise Caron (vocals) and Kevin Davy (trumpet).
Gouirand has presented a number of special projects, one based on the compositions of Nino Rota, a project built around Lapland music with singer Inga Yuuso, and various works with African musicians.
Recent activities.
"Les Saisons du Paradis", an ode to Provence with original music and texts from Jean Giono, was produced in 2000-2002.
"Associated Improvisers Garrigues-Sahel", a stage project including traditional African musicians and French jazz improvisers in September 1999, led to the 2000 record project "Les Racines du Ciel" (BMG, May 2002), with the subsequent stage group "Indigo Song".
In 2006 he issued a record with the group "Aumja", an attempt to mix creative aspects from Indian and Mediterranean music which included a set of new personal compositions. The group was co-led with sitar player Brigitte Menon.
In 2007, he published "Boleros", a project that was prepared a year in advance and recorded on his second trip to Santiago de Cuba, where he blends his saxophone with the traditional and modern Bolero and Nueva Trova.
Gouirand has performed extensively in concert and at festivals in France and worldwide with Don Cherry, Mal Waldron, Jeanne Lee, J. M’Bizo Dyani, Pierre Dorge, Palle Danielsson, Bobo Stenson, Aldo Romano, and also with Paul Bley, Jim Pepper, Dino Saluzzi, and Lester Bowie.

</doc>
<doc id="20073024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073024" title="James Ellis (British politician)">
James Ellis (British politician)

James Ellis (2 October 1829 - 1901) was a British Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.
Early life.
Ellis was born in Glenfield, Leicestershire, the son of Joseph Ellis and his wife Hannah Shipley, daughter of John Shipley. He was educated at the schools of the Society of Friends (Quakers). He was a merchant and owner of granite quarries. He was chairman of Leicester School Board.
Political career.
By 1881 Ellis had been elected as Chairman of South Leicestershire Liberal Association He was Liberal candidate for Bosworth at the 1885 general election and was returned as Member of Parliament. On 25 June 1888 he announced he would be standing down at the next election at a meeting of the Bosworth Divisional Liberal Association in Hinckley Ellis was described as a Gladstonian Liberal by inclination. He continued held the seat until the 1892 election.
Family.
Ellis married in 1855 Louisa Burgess daughter of Thomas Burgess of Wigston Grange, Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="20073055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073055" title="William Kerr (gardener)">
William Kerr (gardener)

William Kerr (died 1814) was a Scottish gardener and plant hunter, the first Western professional full-time plant collector active in China. He also collected in Java and Luzon in the Philippines. Among the plants he sent back to Kew Gardens was the vigorous shrub, at first cosseted in greenhouses, named in his honour, "Kerria".
Kerr sent back to Britain examples of 238 plants new to European gardeners and to science, without, it appears, stirring far from the European trading sites of Canton and Macao, or Manila.
A native of Hawick in the Scottish Borders, he was a gardener at Kew, where he was noted by Sir Joseph Banks, and, following instruction by Banks, sent to China in 1804. He remained eight years. Kerr's finds, discovered in local Chinese gardens and plant nurseries, included "Euonymus japonicus", "Lilium lancifolium", "Pieris japonica", "Nandina domestica", "Begonia grandis" and the white-flowered "Rosa banksiae", named for his patron's wife.
Sent to Colombo, Ceylon in 1812, to be superintendent of gardens on Slave Island and at King's House, he died there in 1814, unable "to prosecute his work in consequence of some evil habits he had contracted, as unfortunate as they were new to him," as a notice in "The Chinese Repository" reported some time after his premature death, apparently alluding to opium addiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20073065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073065" title="Joey Dawejko">
Joey Dawejko

Joseph "Joltin' Joey D" Dawejko (born June 11, 1990) is a US-American amateur boxer from Philadelphia who won the Junior World Championships 2008 at Super Heavyweight at Guadalajara, Mexico.
He is the fourth of six children, three sisters and two brothers. Dawejko's mother died of a heart attack in December 2002.
He has sparred repeatedly with Hasim Rahman.Dawejko is about to turn pro in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20073084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073084" title="The Tenth Symphony">
The Tenth Symphony

The Tenth Symphony () is a 1918 silent French drama film directed by Abel Gance.

</doc>
<doc id="20073116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073116" title="Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite">
Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite

Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite (OMPS), is a Ball Aerospace built instrument suite that will fly on NPP and NPOESS satellites along with several other instruments. OMPS is scheduled to launch in the near future (as of early 2009). 

</doc>
<doc id="20073126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073126" title="Eirini Georgatou">
Eirini Georgatou

Eirini Georgatou (born February 1, 1990) is a Greek tennis player. Her career high singles rank is 193, which she achieved on January 17, 2011. Her career high doubles rank is 171, which she achieved on January 31, 2011. As of October 18, 2010. Most of her success has come in tournaments in Greece, Israel, Turkey, and Uzbekistan.
Career.
In September 2010, she qualified for her first WTA event, in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. She won three qualifying matches in straight sets, and then she unfortunately fell to second-seeded and hometown favorite Akgul Amanmuradova of Uzbekistan in the first round of the main draw. She played doubles with Russian partner Elena Bovina, where they reached the quarterfinals before falling 11–9 in the third set super tiebreaker to fourth-seeded Maria Kondratieva of Russia and Sofie Lefevre of France.
Fed Cup.
2011.
In February 2011, she represented Greece in Group One Euro/African Zone of the fed cup which took place in Eilat, Israel. In round robin on February 2, 2011 she won over Jelena Pandzic from Croatia (2-6, 6-1, 6-4), and with the Greek Eleni Daniilidou she beat Ani Mijacika and Silvia Njric from Croatia in the doubles 6-3, 2-6, 6-2, and completed 3-0 win of Greece over Croatia. On February 3, 2011 she lost to Patricia Mayr-Achleitner (6-4, 3-6, 3-6), and lost with Despoina Papamichail to Melanie Klaffner and Sandra Klemenschits whom represented Austria. On February 4, 2011 she lost to Olga Govortsova 2-6, 3-6. In the Relegation round against Denmark, on February 5, 2011 she defeated Karen Barbat 6-1, 7-6(2) in singles, and in the doubles with Eleni Daniilidou she defeated Danish double Mai Grage / Caroline Wozniacki 6-2, 7-5. this win made sure Greece will stay in Group 1 of the Fed cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20073135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073135" title="Roman Bridge (Saint-Thibéry)">
Roman Bridge (Saint-Thibéry)

The Roman Bridge at Saint-Thibéry () was a Roman segmental arch bridge on the Via Domitia in southern France. The partly surviving structure crossed the river Hérault in Saint-Thibéry, 17 km east of Béziers.
__NOTOC__
Construction.
The ancient bridge had nine arches with spans of 10–12 m. The roadway rested on wide piers, which were protected on both sides by arched floodways and large cutwaters. The original length of the structure is estimated as 150 m, its road width as 4 m. The missing spans are known to have been destroyed by flood some time before 1536.
The remaining arches, with a span to rise ratio of 3.3:1 (115°) or more, show a visibly flatter profile than the semi-circular arches usually preferred by Roman engineers (180°). The rib thickness varies between one-tenth to one-twentieth of the span, corresponding to a common ratio also observed at a number of other Roman stone bridges. The structure is dated to the reign of emperor Augustus (30 BC–14 AD Immediately upstream an old water mill and its millrace is located.

</doc>
<doc id="20073140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073140" title="The Plot to Kill Hitler (film)">
The Plot to Kill Hitler (film)

The Plot to Kill Hitler is a 1990 television movie. It is about the 20 July 1944 plot by German officers to kill Adolf Hitler. Brad Davis stars as Colonel Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg who plants a bomb in the conference room of the Führer's headquarters in East Prussia.
Plot summary.
“The Plot to Kill Hitler” is a historical re-creation of the 1944 attempt by several German High Command officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and take control of the German government, with the ultimate intention of surrendering their country to the Allies. Led by Army Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, this group of dedicated officers managed to plant a bomb, hidden in Stauffenberg's briefcase, in Hitler’s battlefield headquarters. By sheer luck, Hitler survived the blast and the SS quickly arrested and executed most of those involved.
The film is historically inaccurate in one aspect—Hitler's involvement in astrology. One scene has him looking over astrological charts, which some people believe about the Nazi leader. Most historians, however, regard this as false.
Production.
The movie was filmed in the United States and Zagreb, Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20073144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073144" title="Immanuel Medical Center">
Immanuel Medical Center

Immanuel Medical Center is a hospital located in Omaha, Nebraska. It is part of the Alegent Health System. 
History.
In 1879, the Rev. Erik Alfred (E.A.) Fogelstrom came to Nebraska to serve the Swedish population in Omaha as pastor of Immanuel Lutheran Church. On October 8, 1887, Pastor Fogelstrom and others organized the Evangelical Lutheran Immanuel Association for Works for Charity. In December 1890, the hospital was completed and the first four deaconesses began their work at the hospital. 
The community‘s needs outpaced the first hospital, located at 36th and Meredith, and a new hospital was opened in 1910 in the same area. The original building became the Nazareth Home, which served people who were elderly and those who had severe disabilities. The need for hospital beds continued to grow and a third hospital was opened on the 36th and Meredith site in 1926. The first two buildings were remodeled and services for the elderly and those with disabilities were expanded. During the 1950s there was a period of growth and reconstruction, and a six-story hospital wing doubled the size of the hospital.
Planning for the current Immanuel Medical Center began in the early 1960s when it became apparent that, in order to meet its healthcare commitments, Immanuel would have to expand. The present site at 72nd and Sorensen Parkway was purchased in 1966. The new Immanuel Medical Center opened on June 29, 1974. Recognizing the benefits of alliances in healthcare, Bergan Mercy Health System and Immanuel Medical Center came together to form Alegent Health in June 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20073149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073149" title="Pittsburgh Lyceum">
Pittsburgh Lyceum

The Pittsburgh Lyceum Club hockey team, or Pittsburgh Lyceum, were a professional ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The team was a member of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League from 1907-1908, and played all of their games at the Duquesne Gardens. 
History.
After the WPHL was revived for the 1907–08 season, it was deteremined that two new teams would be needed so that the league could return to its four team format. That season, the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Lyceum entered the league. During their brief time in the WPHL, the Lyceum team included several notable players such as Jack Marks, Tommy Smith and Garnet Sixsmith. Marks however only played in three games for the Lyceum before he jumped to the Ontario Professional Hockey League (OPHL), eventually playing in the Toronto Professional Hockey Club's Stanley Cup challenge. Meanwhile, Sixsmith reportedly scored 11 goals in a game in Pittsburgh, which is considered to be a record for the Duquesne Gardens. Finally Lyceum player Tommy Smith would later become inducted in the Hockey Hall of Fame. In their first year of play, the Lyceum posted an 11-5-1 record, earning second place in the standings.
However midway through their second season, the Lyceum folded on December 23, 1908, because it was impossible for the team to count on a line-up with the leaguee's players constantly jumping contracts. It was decided to discontinue the WPHL after the season and stick with local hockey. The team returned and played in local hockey teams after the initial fold of the WPHL. The team later played games inside the Winter Garden at Exposition Hall from 1916-1920.
Prominent players.
Members of the Hockey Hall of Fame who played for the Lyceum:

</doc>
<doc id="20073184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073184" title="Earl Foreman">
Earl Foreman

Earl Foreman was an American lawyer and sports executive.
Foreman practiced law in the District of Columbia. He was the owner of the short-lived Washington Whips professional soccer club of the NASL and a minority owner of the Baltimore Bullets franchise in the National Basketball Association. At one time he also owned an interest in the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League.
On August 29, 1969 Foreman, with Thomas Shaheen and Louis Diamond, purchased the Oakland Oaks professional basketball team in the American Basketball Association. The team was heavily indebted, a situation that would haunt the team until its demise in 1976 just prior to the ABA-NBA merger. Foreman and his two co-owners paid $2.6 million for the team and moved it to Washington, DC where it became the Washington Caps for the 1969-1970 ABA season. The Caps brought on Al Bianchi as head coach and finished that season with a record of 44-40, good for third place in the Western Division. The Caps lost in the first round of the 1970 ABA Playoffs to the Denver Rockets, 4 games to 3.
For the 1970-71 season Foreman moved the Caps to Virginia and the team became the Virginia Squires. Strapped for cash due to debts, the Squires traded Warren Armstrong to the Kentucky Colonels for a draft pick and cash, and sold Rick Barry to the New York Nets for $250,000. The Squires finished in first place in the Eastern Division with a 55-29 record. In the 1971 ABA Playoffs the Squires defeated the New York Nets 4 games to 2 in the first round, but lost the Eastern Division Finals to the Kentucky Colonels 4 games to 2. With the conclusion of the season, on April 6, 1971, the Squires signed future star Julius Erving to a 4 year, $500,000 contract.
The Squires finished the 1971-72 season with a record of 45-39, good for second place in the Eastern Division. The Squires defeated The Floridians 4 games to 0 in the first round of the 1972 ABA Playoffs but then lost the full seven-game Eastern Division Finals to the New York Nets 4 games to 3. In this season Johnny Kerr joined the team as administrative vice president.
The Squires finished the 1972-73 season with a 42-42 record which put them in third place in the Eastern Division. The Squires lost in the 1973 Eastern Division Semifinals 4 games to 1 to the Kentucky Colonels despite Erving's outstanding play. At the conclusion of the season Foreman added George Gervin to the Squires' roster, putting two future Hall of Famers on the same team. 
In August 1973 Foreman, again motivated by the Squires' indebtedness, traded Erving and Willie Sojourner to the New York Nets for George Carter, the rights to Kermit Washington and $1 million. Discussing his sales and trades of the Squires' best players, Foreman said, "It's not a pleasant thing to hear, but I did what I had to do out of necessity. This is not a public utility. I can't ask for a fare increase when things go bad."The Squires signed center Swen Nater but then sold Nater to the San Antonio Spurs for a draft pick and $300,000. Just after Gervin played in the 1974 ABA All-Star Game (which the Squires hosted) it was announced that Foreman had sold Gervin to the San Antonio Spurs for $225,000. Legal action ensued and Gervin ended up with the Spurs.
By this point the constant selling off of the team's stars had a major effect on the Squires' dwindling fan base. The team finished the 1973-74 season with a record of 28-56 which was good for fourth place in the Eastern Division, but the Squires lost in the first round of the 1973 ABA Playoffs to the New York Nets, 4 games to 1. 
During the ensuing off season Barry Parkhill of the Squires, angry about bouncing paychecks, filed suit against Foreman, the Squires and the ABA for $24,000 in back pay and $360,000 for anticipated breach of contract. Jack Ankerson became the Squires' General Manager. The ABA then purchased the Squires franchise. In its last two years the debt-ridden Squires finished 15-69 both seasons, the worst records in ABA history, and failed to make the playoffs. The team came to an end on May 11, 1976 after its failure to pay a $75,000 league assessment. Because of that, the Squires were not a part of the ABA-NBA merger that took place just weeks later.
In 1977 through 1978 Foreman was instrumental in creating the Major Indoor Soccer League. Foreman was commissioner of the MISL from 1978 to 1985, and again in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20073195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073195" title="Richard Bilby">
Richard Bilby

Richard Mansfield Bilby (May 29, 1931 – August 11, 1998) was a United States district judge for the United States District Court for the District of Arizona and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Tucson, Arizona, Bilby earned a bachelor's degree in 1955 from the University of Arizona and a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School in 1958.
Professional career.
Bilby briefly served in the U.S. Army as a corporal from 1952 until 1954, and he clerked for Judge Richard Harvey Chambers on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from 1958 until 1959. He then worked in private legal practice in Tucson from 1959 until 1979.
Failed nomination to the Ninth Circuit.
On August 2, 1976, President Gerald Ford nominated Bilby to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, to replace Chambers, who was taking senior status at the end of 1976. The U.S. Senate did not proceed with a vote on Bilby's nomination, and although President Jimmy Carter attempted to renominate Bilby to a federal judgeship the following year, that effort was blocked by liberal Democrats in the Senate.
Federal judicial service.
On June 5, 1979, Carter nominated Bilby to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. Bilby was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 25, 1979 and remained on the court until taking senior status on his 65th birthday, May 29, 1996. He also served as chief judge of the district court from 1984 until 1990.
While a judge, Bilby probably was most known for having presided over the 1992 case against Charles Keating.
Death.
A lifelong resident of Tucson, Bilby died on August 11, 1998 while walking his dog near his summer home in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Personal.
Bilby was survived by his wife, Elizabeth Thomas Bilby, and two daughters from a previous marriage that ended in divorce.
Bilby's brother, Kenneth W. Bilby, was an executive vice president at RCA for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="20073200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073200" title="St. Mary's College (Kentucky)">
St. Mary's College (Kentucky)

St. Mary's College was an Catholic institution established by William Byrne and George Elder in Elder's hometown of Hardin's Creek near Lebanon in Marion County, Kentucky. The community was later renamed "St. Mary" after the college.
St. Mary's is now closed. It operated between 1821 and 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20073201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073201" title="Baazi Kiski">
Baazi Kiski

Baazi Kiski is a game show on Zee TV channel which premiered on September 2, 2001. The game show is hosted by popular villain actor Ashutosh Rana, and involves a gender-war between men and women for a total cash prize of Rs 21,000 per contestant. The show replaced Zee TV's game show Sawaal Dus Crore Ka, which did not meet audiences expectations.
Overview.
The show revolves around the concept of gender battle between 'men vs. women'. It comprised 5 rounds starting with the elimination round; hence the process of eliminating the partipant (man or woman) until that participant get to face each other on a one-to-one basis. The game show contains a buzzer round and prizes being given away in cash. Besides offering the cash prize, there are other prizes that are offered in the game, such as refrigerators, cars and television sets.
Rating.
"Baazi Kiski" was a fairly successful series, usually finishing in the top 16 shows for the weeks in which it aired. Despite not getting the desired TRPs, the show managed to cling the title of the best rated programme among the 16 programmes that were launched simultaneously by Zee TV channel in prime time. In fact, the show was at No 2 among all the game shows on all Indian networks that aired in the year 2001. The following are the list of game shows on various Indian television networks that Baazi Kiski was compared to:
††Source: TAM Peoplemeter, September 2001

</doc>
<doc id="20073216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073216" title="The Chinese Repository">
The Chinese Repository

The Chinese Repository was a periodical published in Canton between May 1832–1851, for the use of Protestant missionaries working in southeast Asia. The "Repository" was the brainchild of Elijah Coleman Bridgman, the first American Protestant missionary appointed to China. Bridgman served as its editor until he left for Shanghai in 1847, but continued to contribute articles. James Granger Bridgman succeeded him as editor, until September 1848, when Samuel Wells Williams took charge.

</doc>
<doc id="20073227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073227" title="Operational Land Imager">
Operational Land Imager

The Operational Land Imager (OLI) is a Ball Aerospace & Technologies built instrument that fly on Landsat Data Continuity Mission (LDCM). LDCM is the successor to LandSat 7 and was launched in 2013.
OLI uses 4-mirror telescope with fixed mirrors. The OLI is a Push broom scanner.

</doc>
<doc id="20073247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073247" title="Allegiance Air">
Allegiance Air

Allegiance Air is a charter airline based in Lanseria, South Africa.
Fleet.
The Allegiance Air fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 4 November 2008): 

</doc>
<doc id="20073252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073252" title="French frigate Manche (1803)">
French frigate Manche (1803)

The Manche was a 40-gun "Hortense" Class frigate of the French Navy.
She took part in operations at Île de France under Captain François-Désiré Breton.
Under Captain Jean Dornal de Guy, "Manche" captured the 16 gun brig-sloop on 27 September 1808 near Bengkulu.
On 26 April 1809, she departed Port-Napoléon in a squadron under Captain Hamelin, along with "Créole" and "Vénus". The squadron managed to re-take Foulpointe in Madagascar, captured three prizes at the Action of 18 November 1809, and raided the British settlement at Tarapouly, in Sumatra.
In 1810, she took part in the Battle of Grand Port, contributing to the capture of HMS "Iphigenia" and the fort held by the British on Ile de France.
Fate.
"Manche" was captured during the invasion of Île de France in 1810. She was broken up as she was unfit for Royal Navy service.

</doc>
<doc id="20073267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073267" title="Chattanooga Market">
Chattanooga Market

The Chattanooga Market is the region's largest producer-only arts and crafts and farmers' market. It is held every Sunday from April to December at the open-air First Tennessee Pavilion in Chattanooga, Tennessee, typically from 11am until 4pm (hours can vary for special events). The market has over 300 vendors, and attracts an audience of 6,000 visitors each weekend; admission is free.
History.
The market was founded in 2001 by Nick & Elizabeth Jessen, who modeled it after the Saturday Market in Eugene, Oregon. In 2008, the market announced it was closing due to "not reaching a point of independent operation" but was quickly sold and reopened by a new management team.
All items sold at the Chattanooga Market are required to be handmade, grown, created or otherwise the direct efforts of the person selling it, and a review panel reviews each new item against a minimum standard of quality prior to sale to the public.
The Chattanooga Market is a non-profit organization to promote local farming, community events & small business development.
Events.
The Chattanooga Market features a new event theme each weekend, ranging from Bluegrass music days to Oktoberfest celebrations, from celebrity chef cooking competitions to Holiday Market, its art-centric season finale. A new event schedule is published each year, and does vary from year-to-year.

</doc>
<doc id="20073308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073308" title="Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 6">
Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 6

Cycle six of "Norway's Next Top Model" started airing since 8 September 2008 with utmost 16 ladies to compete for the title.
The 15 finalists were given tasks in their first week to determine whom of them would be allowed to go to Portugal in week two when Line and Vana were eliminated right before the first official elimination round. In episode 3 Sasha was eliminated outside the judging panel for not allowing the producers to cut her hair for the make-up ceremony making room for Silje, the first replacement contestant in the history of "Norway's Next Top Model".

</doc>
<doc id="20073317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073317" title="Early Cuban bands">
Early Cuban bands

Early Cuban bands played popular music for dances and theatres during the period 1780–1930. During this period Cuban music became creolized, and its European and African origins gradually changed to become genuinely Cuban. Instrumentation and music continually developed during this period. The information listed here is in date order, and comes from whatever records survive to the present day.
Típicas.
For about a hundred years, from early in the nineteenth century to about 1920, the main orchestral format for popular music was the "típica" based on wind instruments, usually about 8–10 members. At the same time, there were also itinerant musicians, duos and trios: for them, see "trova".
Orquesta Concho de Oro.
Founded early in the 19th century by the black violinist and double bass player Claudio Brindis de Salas, it played the dance music of the epoch at the balls of the island's aristocracy: contradanzas, minuets, rigadoons, quadrilles, lancers. It was basically a típica, or wind orchestra, which was sometimes augmented to 100 players for special occasions such as fiestas.
Brindis de Salas, a disciple of "maestro" Ignacio Calvo, was also a composer of "creole danza"s and the author of an operetta, "Congojas matrimoniales". In 1844 his musical career was interrupted by his involvement in the Escalera Conspiracy, for which whites were absolved, but blacks paid dearly. Brindis de Salas was arrested and tortured. He was banished from the island by the Governor, O'Donnell. Returning in 1848, he was imprisoned for two years, and when he eventually was free to think about reorganizing his band, he found out that most of them had been executed. 
Apart from the operetta, he is known for a melody dedicated to the General Concha, printed in 1854. His son, Claudio Brindis de Salas Garrido (Havana, 4 August 1852 – Buenos Aires, 1 June 1911) was an even better violinist, of world renown.
Orquesta Flor de Cuba.
Founded by clarinetist Juan de Dios Alfonso, who moved to Havana, where he played clarinet in Feliciano Ramos's band "La Unión" in 1856, and directed "La Almendares" in 1859. It is not quite clear when he formed "La Flor de Cuba", which became one of the most popular in the middle of the 19th century. They played contradanzas, and other dances of the time. The orchestra was a típica, with cornet, trombone, figle, two clarinets, two violins, double bass, kettle drum, and güíro. The figle (ophicleide) was a sort of bass bugle with keys, invented in 1817; the t-bone would be a valve trombone.
They were playing in the "Teatro Villanueva" in Havana in 1869 when the Spanish Voluntarios attacked the theatre, killing some ten or so patrons who had been watching a "bufo" (musical satirical comedy), and applauding its revolutionary sentiments. The context was that the Ten Years' War had started the previous year, when Carlos Manuel de Céspedes had freed his slaves, and declared Cuban independence. Creole sentiments were running high, and the Colonial government and their rich Spanish traders were reacting. Not for the first time, politics and music were closely intertwined, for musicians had been integrated since before 1800, and "from 1800 to 1840, blacks were the clear majority of the professional musicians". Bufo theatres were shut down for some years after this tragic event.
Orquesta Valenzuela.
The descendent of "La Flor de Cuba", led from 1877 by trombonist Raimundo Valenzuela after the death of Juan de Dios Alfonso. We do not know exactly when the name of the orchestra was changed. When Raimundo died in 1905, his brother Pablo became Director. It was, like Flor de Cuba, the most popular "típica" of its day.
Under cornetist Pablo Valenzuela, the band became one of the earliest to record Cuban music, in 1906 with Edison cylinders (about 40), 1909 with Columbia Records (23) and with Victor (56). The last recordings were in 1919; there were about 120 numbers in all, most of which were danzones. The band dispersed after his death.
Orquesta Faílde.
Founded 1871 in Matanzas by Miguel Faílde, the official originator of the danzón. His band was composed mainly of wind instruments, and therefore was a "típica". Its initial members were: Miguel Faílde (cornet); Pascual Carreras (figle); Pancho Morales (1st violin); Juan Cantero (2nd violin); Anselmo 'Frijolín' Casalín (1st clarinet); Eduardo Faílde (brother, 2nd clarinet); Cándido Faílde (brother, trombone); Eulogio Garrido (double bass); Andrés Segovia (timpani); Isidro Acosta (güíro).
The usual changes in personnel meant that by 1903 the personnel included Eduardo Betancourt (trombone); Alfredo Hernández (2nd violin); Magdaleno Rodríguez (2nd clarinet) and Benito 'Chacho' Oliva (tympani).
This is the band which played the "Alturas de Simpson", the first "danzón"; it was one of Faílde's compositions. It seems the band made no recordings, and it dispersed in 1921 after the death of its leader.
Orquesta Alemán.
Founded 1878 in Santiago de Las Vegas. Leader: José Alemán (Guanabacoa, 22 December 1846 – Santiago de Las Vegas, 1924).
Alemán was a tailor's cutter in Santiago de Las Vegas and a composer of dance and religious music. He studied music under Pedro Álvarez, and became a double bass player, also a good violinist and pianist. He played double bass in the orchestra of Havana Cathedral, and in the orchestra of Juan de Dios Alfonso.
Orquesta Alemán was a típica or band based on wind instruments. It included Alejo Carillo (cornet); Pedro Espinosa (trombone); Leobino Zayas (figle); Julián Allende (1st clarinet); Ramón Alemán (2nd clarinet); Elias Fuentes (1st violin); Juan Tómas Alemán (2nd violin); Aniceto Rodrígues (timpanist); Quirino Sastre (güíro).
On the death of José Alemán in 1924, the orchestra was directed by his brother Ramón, and there were numerous changes of personnel. The band was active until the 1930s.
Orquesta de Perico Rojas.
Típica formed in 1884 by the trombonist Pedro Rojas (aka 'Perico'), in Güines. Its members at the start of the 20th century included the following: Perico Rojas (trombone); Patricio Valdés and Andrés Rojas (violin); Martín Caraballo and Miguel Rojas (clarinet); Jesús Urfé (cornet); Ambrosio Marín (trombone); Anacleto Larrondo (figle); Juan R. Landa (double bass); Pedro Hernández (tympani); Leopoldo Castillo (güíro). The band lasted to the early in 20th century.
Orquesta típica de Felipe Valdés.
All that is known of Felipe Valdés is that he was a cornetist and composer, who was born in Bolondrón, Matanzas, in the second half of the 19th century. He founded his típica in 1899, and it became popular in Havana. Its instrumentation in 1916 was: 3 violins; 2 clarinets; cornet; trombone; double bass; saxophone; güíro and timbales. Probably it had started with a figle, and later substituted the saxophone. They included a piano by 1929.
The group recorded more danzones than any other before 1920. They recorded for Edison (1906), Columbia (starting 1906/7); Victor (starting 1907). The total number of recordings was 315 numbers. Valdés composed many numbers, including "La Africana", "Lamentos" and "Yeyé Olube". Some of these recordings are available on CD: four numbers from 1907 (Victor), one from 1916 (Columbia) and one from 1929. Díaz Ayala said, "It's incredible that there is no more information about this director who composed and recorded so many danzones." 
Orquesta de Enrique Peña.
Cornetist Enrique Peña's "danzoneria" was one of the first to record, and that profusely. This was the second band he organized (the first was called "La Juventud"): the line-up was: Peña (cornet); Antonio González (trombone); Féliz González (figle); José Belén Puig (1st clarinet); José Urfé (2nd clarinet); Julián Barreto (violin); Alfredo Sáenz (violin); José de los Reyes (tympani); Rufino Cárdenas (güíro) and unknown (double bass).
The orchestra started to record in 1908, and became famous for "El bombín de Barreto" (Barreto's bowler hat), written by Urfé, which was supposedly the first danzón to incorporate a syncopated third part, influenced by the son. Several members of the band went on to become well-known later on. The group recorded about 150 numbers, some of which are available on CD.
Orquesta de Félix González.
This, one of the last típicos to be founded, started in 1915 with a core of members from Enrique Peña's band. The set-up was: González ("figle"), Dolores Betancourt (t-bone); José Belén Puig (first clarinet); José Urfé (second clarinet); Miguel Ángel Mendieta and Benito Moya (violins); Guillermo Maherve (d. bass); Demetrio Pacheco (tympani) and Ulpiano Díaz (güíro). Despite its old-fashioned format, the orchestra kept in work for 52 years, until the death of its Director in 1967. Three of its recordings are available on CD, from 1916, 1925 and 1928.
Charangas.
"Charangas" supplanted the "típica" as the standard instrumental line-up for the "danzón". Initially called "charangas francesas" (though they have nothing to do with France), they were 'invented' at the start of the 20th century. The formulation is still going strong, with appropriate adjustments to the instrumentation. The basic idea is to pitch the tone of the orchestra higher and brighter than the típica, by removing the brass, replacing the clarinet with a flute and replacing the kettle drums with a new invention, the "pailas criollas", now called timbales. This metal-cased drum, hit with timbales sticks, and not timpani sticks, produces a distinctive effect. The two timbales drums are pitched differently, and may be supplemented with two timbalitos, pitched even higher, and one or two cencerros (cowbells). Also noteworthy is the use of the sticks on the metal casing to produce a rhythm known as the cascara. From early on these bands also included a piano. The overall effect is to produce a lighter, brighter flavor to the music; who actually originated the idea is not known.
Orquesta Torroella.
Founded at the end of the 19th century in Havana, this was the first charanga francesa in the capital, and the first to include a piano. 
Its director was the pianist Antonio 'Papaito' Torroella, and from the start the band included Papaito Torroella (piano); David Rendón (violin); Faustino Valdés (flute) and Evaristo Romero (double bass). Under the title "Sexteto Torroella", the group recorded eight numbers on "Edison" cylinders in 1906.
Orquesta de Tata Alfonso.
A charanga francesa formed early in the 20th century by flautist Octavio 'Tata' Alfonso. Its line-up at its peak was: Tata Alfonso (flute); Bruno Quijarro (violin); Pablo Bequé (double bass); Jesús Lopéz (piano); Abelardo Valdés (güiro); Ulpiano Díaz (timbales). The band recorded six numbers for "Columbia Records" in 1918, and was regarded as one of the three most important charangas in the history of the danzón, and the first to incorporate melodies from the "cantos de claves y guaguancó" in this genre.
Orquesta Romeu.
Founded around 1910 by Antonio María Romeu (1876–1955), this was for thirty years the most important charanga in Cuba. Romeu had previously played in "Orquesta Cervantes", one of several charangas founded at the beginning of the 1900s, and became one of the most prolific composers of danzones. The orchestra recorded hundreds of numbers over many years, beginning in 1915, and issued a whole series of albums after 1950. It is not clear that Romeu was, as sometimes claimed, the originator of the charanga, but it is clear that his band was for many years the leading danzoneria.
The initial line-up for Orchestra Romeu was: Romeu (piano); Feliciano Facenda (violin); Alfredo Valdés (flute); Rafael Calazán (double bass); Remigio Valdés (timbal); Juan de la Merced (güiro): quite a small group. 
Much later the orchestra included Francisco Delabart (flute); Augusto Valdés (clarinet); Juan Quevedo (violin); Aurelio Valdés and Félix Vásquez (güiro); Antonio Ma. Romeu (son, violin); Pedro Hernández (violin); Dihigo (trumpet); Regueira (trombone) and José Antonio Díaz (flute). The singers (introduced after the introduction of the sung danzón, known as the "danzonete") were, at two different times, Fernando Collazo and Barbarito Diez. In the thirties it had become a big band, and included two brass instruments. 
When Romeu died, the orchestra was led for a while by his son, also Antonio María Romeu, then by Barbarito Diez. It still played the traditional danzón, but now was called the "Orquesta de Barbarito Diez".
Son groups.
The "son" dates back to the latter part of the 19th century. Actual names of players and musical groups appear after the then Cuban President, José Miguel Gómez, sent the battalions of the "Ejército Permanente" away from their native provinces. It was the Permanente from Oriente that brought the son to Havana.
There are a few early recordings which survive from before the famous sextetos were formed. Some of the theatre music was interesting, for example, the "Teatro Alhambra" had a group of which Adolfo Colombo was the leading personality. He was a singer and regular recording artist, though few of these recordings have survived. One that has been reissued by "Harlequin" reveals a funky number which is hard to categorize. Listed as a rumba, it is perhaps best described as a guaracha-son. The artists singing are Colombo and Claudio García, the guitar probably Alberto Villalón, plus an unknown tres player. All three named players were white, yet the number is creole, almost Afro-Cuban, in style.
Sexteto Boloña.
In 1915 Alfredo Boloña Jimenez formed a son group in Havana. He played the marimbula, the "bongó" and the guitar at different times and, despite his physical limitations (dwarfism), he was a force in Cuban music for half a century. His first group was Hortensia Valerón (vocalist), Manuel Menocal (tres), Manuel Corona (guitar), Victoriano Lopéz (maracas) and Joaquín Velasquéz (bongó).
In October 1926, the "Sexteto Boloña" recorded in New York a set of numbers for "Columbia" which is available today on the usual media. 
The group split up in 1935.
Sexteto Habanero.
In 1917 four musicians calling themselves "Cuarteto Oriental" recorded four numbers for "Columbia" in Havana. The numbers are listed in a Columbia catalog for 1921, but are probably lost. However, the same group expanded to a sextet in 1918, and were recorded by "Victor" in a field recording at the Hotel Inglaterra in Havana. At least one of these records has survived, giving two numbers, which are probably the first surviving sones. The new grouping called itself "Sexteto Habanero" in 1920. 
The instrumental set-up is interesting, because they use some of the original instruments of the son: the "botija" and a unique "square bongó". Soon this (and other) groups appreciated that the double bass was a musically more suitable instrument: they never went back to the botija. Five years later, the group had new members and a different look, including Agustín Gutierrez (bongó), Abelardo Barroso (sonero, claves), Felipe Nerí Cabrera (maracas, vocals); Gerardo Martínez (double bass, vocals, leader); Guillermo Castillo (guitar, vocals), Carlos Godínez (tres, vocals).
The group's recordings in New York 1925-26 are available on LP and CD. The music is of high quality, considering the technical limitations of the time; the group won first prize in the Concurso de Sones in 1925 and 1926. When the group added a cornet, soon replaced by a trumpet, it became the "Septeto Habanero". This latter line-up lasted until the late 1930s, when sextetos were ousted by conjuntos and big bands. The leader, Gerardo Martínez then formed a new group, "Conjunto Típico Habanero".
Sexteto Occidente.
One of the early "son" "sexteto"s, formed in 1925 by María Teresa Vera and Miguel García, it went to New York and recorded numbers, but lasted only about 18 months. Its set-up was typical of the early son groups.
Other types.
Orquesta Avilés.
The group with the longest continuous record, it was founded in 1882 and still in existence. Manuel Avilés Lozano (Holguín, Oriente, 2 February 1864 – ?) worked as a tailor, and studied music under the Spanish maestro Magín Torres. Avilés, director and clarinetist, formed the orchestra with relatives and other musicians, and, eventually, his thirteen children. Later still, he engaged other younger relatives. He and some of the other band members fought in the Cuban War of Independence in the "Ejército Libertador".
The band is unusual in several respects. It started as a típico, then became a charanga, then became (in the 1940s) what Cubans call a 'jazzband', meaning a big band. The band has always been based in Holguín, and scarcely ever left Oriente. It is still organized around family members. It is now called "Orquesta Hermanos Avilés".
Estudiantina Oriental.
This group developed in Santiago de Cuba at the end of the 19th century. It was significantly different from the típicas, both in music, instruments and racial composition (the members were usually white). The genres of music played included danzón, bolero, son and guaracha. The instruments included tres, marimbula, kettle drums or pailas criolla (timbales). This instrumental line-up prefigures that of the sextetos which appeared later, rather than the older típicas. The members would be based on university students, probably reinforced by talent from other quarters. Similar "Estudiantina" groups were formed in other provincial towns.
Giro gives this set-up as characteristic of Estudientinas: two "tres", 1st and 2nd; two "guitars"; one "trumpet"; "botija" or "double bass"; "paila" ("timbal"); "cencerro" ("cow-bell"); "güiro"; three singers, 1st, 2nd and falsetto, and maybe both sexes. It is clear that estudientinas in different parts of Cuba had variations in membership, instruments and repertoire.
Cuban jazz bands.
The history of jazz in Cuba was hidden for many years by the unwillingness of record companies to make recordings available. However, in recent years, it has become clear that its history in Cuba is as long as its history in the USA. The key figure in revealing the early days of Cuban jazz is Leonardo Acosta, musician and musicologist, who has been working on this topic for many years. Others have explored the history of jazz and Latin jazz from the U.S. perspective. The pre-history of Cuban jazz includes musicians like Louis Moreau Gottschalk and W.C. Handy, who visited Cuba and brought creole ideas into their music.
The Jazz Band Sagua was founded in Sagua la Grande in 1914 by Pedro Stacholy (director & piano). Members: Hipólito Herrera (trumpet); Norberto Fabelo (cornet); Ernesto Ribalta (flute & sax); Humberto Domínguez (violin); Luciano Galindo (trombone); Antonio Temprano (tuba); Tomás Medina (drum kit); Marino Rojo (güiro). For fourteen years they played at the "Teatro Principal de Sagua". Stacholy studied under Antonio Fabré in Sagua, and completed his studies in New York, where he stayed for three years.
The Cuban Jazz Band was founded in 1922 by Jaime Prats in Havana. The personnel included his son Rodrigo Prats on violin, the great flautist Alberto Socarrás on flute and saxophone and Pucho Jiménez on slide trombone. The line-up would probably have included double bass, kit drum, banjo, cornet at least. Earlier works cited this as the first jazz band in Cuba, but evidently there were earlier groups. 
In 1924 Moisés Simons (piano) founded a group which played on the roof garden of the Plaza Hotel in Havana, and consisted of piano, violin, two saxes, banjo, double bass, drums and timbales. Its members included Virgilio Diego (violin); Alberto Socarrás (alto sax, flute); José Ramón Betancourt (tenor sax); Pablo O'Farrill (d. bass). In 1928, still at the same venue, Simons hired Julio Cueva, a famous trumpeter, and Enrique Santiesteban, a future media star, as vocalist and drummer. These were top instrumentalists, attracted by top fees of $8 a day.
All these bands no doubt played Cuban music as well as jazz, but there are few recordings of them playing jazz. There can be little doubt that these early ventures built up a stock of Cuban musicians that were at home with both genres. That led eventually to the Latin jazz fusions of later years.

</doc>
<doc id="20073329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073329" title="Orşova Wind Farm">
Orşova Wind Farm

The Orşova Wind Farm is an under construction wind power project in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It will consist of an individual wind farm with 25 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 1.4 MW which will deliver up to 35 MW of power, enough to power over 22,925 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 75 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20073334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073334" title="Raymond, Montana">
Raymond, Montana

Raymond is an unincorporated community in Sheridan County, Montana, United States, north of Plentywood. It is famous for its salmon and is located nine miles away from the Canadian border.

</doc>
<doc id="20073335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073335" title="Pittsburgh Duquesne">
Pittsburgh Duquesne

The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club hockey team or Pittsburgh Duquesne were an amateur, and later professional, ice hockey club based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and were members of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League (WPHL). 
History.
The team first played exhibition games of ice hockey in 1895. The Duquesne team then played in the first season of the WPHL at the Schenley Park Casino, with three other teams, the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, a club from Western University of Pennsylvania (the University of Pittsburgh today) and a team known as Pittsburgh, or the 'Casino' team. The league played twice a week, on Tuesday and Friday nights. The Duquesne and the WPHL continued play until December 16, when the Casino rink was destroyed by fire. The Duquesne finished the shortened season of league play with a 2-3 record.
The league and the Duquesne resumed play in 1898, with its games moved to the new ice rink at the Duquesne Gardens, with league members the Pittsburgh Athletic Club and Western University. Many of the team's players came from Canada, with the Pittsburgh-based club owners luring players to the area with the promise of high paying jobs and a living stipend. The Duquesne did not play in the league in the following season, however they returned to the league during its final season in 1908-09. Future Hall of Famer Alf Smith played for the Duquesne during their final season in the league, where they posted a 11-5-1 record for second place finish. The team returned and played in local hockey games after the initial fold of the WPHL. The team later played games inside the Winter Garden at Exposition Hall from 1916-1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20073336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073336" title="Ian Crawford (musician)">
Ian Crawford (musician)

Ian Crawford is a musician from Auburn, Washington. He is best known as the former lead guitarist of American pop rock band The Cab, as well as for his involvement in various side projects such as Stamps. On June 1, 2009 The Cab's lead singer Alexander DeLeon announced on his blog that guitarist Ian Crawford had decided to leave the band. Although DeLeon did say that Crawford had decided to leave due to creative differences, there seemed to be no animosity between him and the band. For their upcoming "What Happens in Vegas..." tour, The Cab announced that their friend Bryan Dawson would be replacing Ian Crawford, who (up until 2012) was a touring guitarist for Panic! at the Disco. Most recently Crawford played guitar for his former band The Cab's album "Symphony Soldier" (2011) album, released on August 23, 2011.
He graduated from Auburn Riverside High School in 2007.
Discography.
Solo.
Tracklist

</doc>
<doc id="20073346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073346" title="Anderson County High School (Kentucky)">
Anderson County High School (Kentucky)

Anderson County High School is located in Lawrenceburg, Kentucky. The current building was constructed in 1965. The school has long been known for its basketball program, from which many athletes have gone on to college and, in at least one case, into the NBA. For example, alumni basketball player Jimmy Dan Conner went on to set records at the University of Kentucky. 

</doc>
<doc id="20073354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073354" title="Philip Boampong">
Philip Boampong

Philip Boampong (born 1 January 1990 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer. He currently plays for the Ghana Telecom Premier League side Hearts of Oak.
Career.
Boampong moved with teammate Abdul Naza Alhassan from Maxbees FC to Wa All Stars in 2008. After one year with the Wa based club joined to Berekum Arsenal in January 2009. In August 2011, a fee was agreed with Turkish side Bucaspor and Hearts, but the deal soon fell through. On 1 July 2012, Boampong joined Saudi Arabian side Al-Shoalah on a season-long loan.
International career.
Boampong played for U-17 Ghana national team in 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic, he played by the turnier 6 games and holds 4 yellow cards. On 19 August 2008 was first called for the Satellites, and was part of the Ghana national under-20 football team that won the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt. Although he never played a single game for the Satellites.
Personal life.
He is the younger brother of former Black Stars defender Dan Coleman.
Titles and Honours.
International.
Ghana U-20

</doc>
<doc id="20073356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073356" title="Top Gear controversies">
Top Gear controversies

The British motoring-themed television programme Top Gear is often the focus of criticism. The criticism has ranged from minor viewer complaints to serious complaints where broadcasting watchdogs such as Ofcom have been involved.
Clarkson's criticism.
One of the programme's presenters, Jeremy Clarkson, has been critical of the BBC regarding the handling of the programme. In the February 2006 issue of "Top Gear Magazine", Clarkson revealed that he thought that the BBC did not take "Top Gear" seriously, making the length of the series far too long, and often replacing the show with live snooker coverage, despite "Top Gear" having considerably higher viewing figures. 
In July 2006, the BBC rejected a variety of complaints regarding the criticism, claiming the producers and presenters choose the way they are covered, and that the BBC do not have any control over it. They argued that the presenters' provocative comments are "an integral part of the programme and are not intended to be taken seriously." Regarding offensive remarks traded between presenters and members of the audience, the BBC said "this is part of the appeal of the show, and we trust most viewers are familiar enough with the style and tone of the show not to take offence." The BBC pointed out that they would act if such statements and actions were carried out with any degree of seriousness or if the programme breached legal and safety requirements.
Studio move.
"Top Gear" was in negotiations with the BBC to move to Enstone in north Oxfordshire, close to the home of the Lotus F1 team's British base, and to Clarkson's home in Chipping Norton. However, the producers were unable to negotiate a deal, after their initial application was blocked due to opposition by local residents, due to fears that "Top Gear" would create pollution and noise issues.
Accusations of homophobia.
In December 2006, the BBC upheld complaints from four viewers after comments made by Jeremy Clarkson were considered to be homophobic references, had the potential to offend and should not have been broadcast. The complaints regarded comments made by Clarkson in the seventh episode of series six, in which Clarkson described the Daihatsu Copen as "a bit gay". He later described the vehicle as "ginger beer", taken to be rhyming slang for the term "queer". The BBC said there was "no editorial purpose" for the remarks and the ""Top Gear" team had been reminded of the importance of avoiding such comments about sexual orientation."
In December 2009, it was reported that a gay couple had been denied tickets to see the show being filmed. A BBC spokesperson said, "We do not – absolutely do not – discriminate against same sex couples... the whole implication that "Top Gear" is in any way homophobic is completely wrong."
Applause Store, a company that arranges studio audiences for the filming of the show does, however, insist "that groups of people coming to the recordings have a roughly 50/50 male/female split. This is so we don't end up with a bunch of ugly male car geeks ruining everyone's Sunday night!"
Cultural mockery.
Germany.
During the first episode of series seven, a news segment featuring BMW's MINI Concept from the Tokyo Motor Show showcased a car that Hammond quoted as supposedly being "quintessentially British", the only added feature being an integrated tea set. Clarkson responded by mocking the car, claiming that they should build a car that is "quintessentially German". He suggested turn signals that displayed Hitler salutes, "a sat-nav that only goes to Poland" (in reference to the Nazi invasion of Poland), and "ein fanbelt that will last a thousand years", a reference to Adolf Hitler's propaganda slogan of "the thousand-year Reich". These statements gained negative attention from the German Government, and led to viewers' complaints reaching the BBC Board of Governors. 
In July 2006, the BBC Governors’ Programme Complaints Committee rejected the protests: "...the Committee did not believe that, when looking at the audience as a whole, they would have felt that the comments were anything more than Jeremy Clarkson using outrageous behaviour to amuse his audience, and that the remarks would not have led to anyone entertaining new or different feelings or concerns about Germans or Germany."
Romania.
During the opening episode of series fourteen, the presenters were seen taking the Aston Martin DBS Volante, Ferrari California and Lamborghini Gallardo LP560-4 Spyder on a road trip to Romania. While driving through the Romanian countryside, Clarkson commented on Romania as being ""Borat country, with gypsies and Russian playboys"", referring to the 2006 mockumentary film starring Sacha Baron Cohen about the fictional journalist from Kazakhstan, which had scenes filmed in Romania. The film had already stirred a controversy in the country, with a number of local Roma who were involved in the film attempting to sue 20th Century Fox and Cohen. Romanian national newspapers claimed that the comments were 'offensive' and 'bad publicity for their country'. 
The Romanian Times also reported that Clarkson called Romania a "gypsy land". Complaints were also rife regarding Clarkson's actions to don a silly looking pork pie hat which he called a 'gypsy' hat, while commenting: "I'm wearing this hat so the gypsies think I am gypsy." The Romanian ambassador later sent a letter to the producers of Top Gear, in which he showed his appreciation for the show, highlighted the press' freedom of expression, the non-discriminatory spirit, and the fact that 89.5% of the country's population is Romanian, 6.5% is ethnic Hungarians, 2.5% are ethnic Roma and 1.5% are other ethnic groups. He also asked for the show to be re-edited for future showings to exclude the offensive material. 
The "Daily Telegraph" website was later hacked by an angry group of Romanians, who claimed that: ""We are sick of being mis-represented as Gypsies, and thanks to "Top Gear", have been publicly insulted."" The group took over two pages of the website, covering them in Romanian flags and playing Gheorghe Zamfir - Lonely Shepherd (featured on the soundtrack to the film Kill Bill).
Mexican culture.
During the second episode of series sixteen, the presenters mocked the Mexican Mastretta sports car on account of it being designed in Mexico. James May introduced the car as "The Tortilla", then remarked that he did not remember what it was called. Hammond then stated: "Cars reflect national characteristics ... a Mexican car's just going to be a lazy, feckless, flatulent oaf with a moustache, leaning against a fence asleep, looking at a cactus with a blanket with a hole in the middle on as a coat." This was followed up by James May suggesting that all Mexican food resembles "refried sick", Richard Hammond remarking, "I'm sorry, but just imagine waking up and remembering you're Mexican" with a look of disgust on his face, and Jeremy Clarkson adding, "It'd be brilliant because you could just go straight back to sleep again!" Clarkson ended the segment by suggesting that the Mexican ambassador to Britain would be too lazy to make any kind of complaint. This prompted the Mexican ambassador, Eduardo Medina Mora, to write to the BBC:
BBC issued a letter defending the anti-Mexican jokes, stating that national stereotyping was a robust part of British humour, but apologizing to the Mexican ambassador for the remarks made about him personally. The episode will have the Mexican comments cut from its broadcast in the United States. 
Comedian Steve Coogan, who has appeared on the show three times, criticised the programme for its pitiful apology, suggesting that the usual defence of "a bit of a laugh", or "harmless fun" was no longer appropriate, that the insults had gone too far, and described the comments as "as funny as a cold sweat followed by shooting pains down the left arm". He also criticised the show for what he described as lazy, adolescent humour and "casual racism" in reference specifically to this episode. Yahoo editor, Richard Evans, described the programme's conduct as another "Sachsgate waiting to happen".
The presenters repeatedly referenced the incident in the following episodes of the series; on one occasion, after he and Hammond threatened each other with violence following a dispute over the Cool Wall, Clarkson described the situation as a "Mexican standoff". The set of the 41st series of "Have I Got News for You", which depicts various recent news stories, includes a mocked-up image of Clarkson dressed like a Mexican in reference to the controversy. The incident was referenced further in the India special, where Hammond accidentally painted a Mexican flag on his car after he intended to paint an Indian one. The incident was referenced to once again in the second episode of series 19, in which the presenters had to race three high performance cars from Los Angeles to the Mexican border, where the last person to arrive would have to do a review of the Mastretta Sports car in an upcoming episode.
However the UK broadcast regulator Ofcom cleared the programme in this instance stating 
In this case, Ofcom took into account that Top Gear is well known for its irreverent style and sometimes outspoken humour, as well as the regular format of the studio banter between the three presenters. We considered that viewers of Top Gear were likely to be aware that the programme frequently uses national stereotypes as a comedic trope and that there were few, if any, nationalities that had not at some point been the subject of the presenters’ mockery throughout the history of this long running programme. For example, this same episode featured a competition between the UK’s Top Gear presenters and their Australian counterparts, throughout which the Australians were ridiculed for various national traits.
In this instance, therefore, Ofcom considered that the majority of the audience would be familiar with the presenters’ approach to mocking, playground-style humour, and would have considered that applying that approach to national stereotypes was in keeping with the programme’s usual content, and the presenters’ typical style. Ofcom was of the view that the majority of the audience would therefore be likely to have understood that the comments were being made for comic effect.
However, Ofcom notes that taste in comedy can vary widely, and that these comments would not have been to everyone’s taste. Ofcom is not an arbiter of good taste, but rather it must judge whether a broadcaster has applied generally accepted standards by ensuring that members of the public were given adequate protection from offensive material. Humour can frequently cause offence. However, Ofcom considers that to restrict humour only to material which does not cause offence would be an unnecessary restriction of freedom of expression.
Given the comedic intent and the context of this programme, Ofcom concluded that the broadcast of this material was justified by the context. The programme was therefore not in breach of Rule 2.3. 
United States of America.
Clarkson has been very critical of the Special Relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom. He referred to USA as the United States of Total Paranoia, commenting that one needs a permit to do everything except for purchasing weapons.
Anti-Islamic complaints.
The show received over 300 complaints when Clarkson made a joke regarding being able to see sexy lingerie beneath a Muslim woman's burka. The joke was branded 'distasteful' and 'offensive to Muslims'.
The show received a further 5,000 complaints following the presenters' dressing up in Burkas for their Middle East special. The "Daily Mail" reported that Muslims felt the act 'mocked their religion'. The show also received complaints from the episode, regarding Clarkson and Hammond's mocking of James May's head injury.
Tesla Roadster review.
During episode seven of series twelve, Clarkson presented a segment featuring the Tesla Roadster, including a test drive. The segment showed the car's provided batteries running flat after , with Clarkson claiming that the recharge would take 16 hours. Following this, he claimed that the car then broke down. Tesla Motors spokesperson stated that the cars provided never reached less than 20% charge, none needed to be pushed off the track at any point, the recharge time was 3.5 hours, and the brake failure shown in the segment was actually a blown fuse. The BBC responded to these claims with a statement saying, "The tested Tesla was filmed being pushed into the shed in order to show what would happen if the Roadster had run out of charge. "Top Gear" stands by the findings in this film and is content that it offers a fair representation of the Tesla's performance on the day it was tested", without addressing the other concerns. 
The comments were made following Clarkson showing a limp windmill, and complaining that it would take countless hours to refuel the car, using such a source of electricity. A BBC spokeswoman said several times in an interview that Top Gear was "an entertainment programme, and should not be taken seriously." After several weeks, Clarkson wrote a blog for "The Times", acknowledging that "the film we had shot was a bit of a mess", but defending the film's claims. In the months following Clarkson's acknowledgement, the original episode, including the mis-statements, was broadcast on BBC America and BBC Australia without any edits being made. It has been reported that the BBC is still looking into the show's journalism standards. In March 2011 Tesla Motors filed a suit accusing the BBC of libel.
In court Tesla Motors lost a major part of its high court libel claim on 19 October 2011. Mr Justice Tugendhat said that no Top Gear viewer would have reasonably compared the car's performance on the show's airfield track to its likely performance on a public road.
Then on 28 October 2011 the carmaker looked set to lose the remaining malicious falsehood claim, Mr Justice Tugendhat saying "I shall strike out the claim in this action unless the plea of damage is amended by agreement between the parties, or with the permission of the court." 
Specific criticism.
Series 2, Episode 4: Classic car damage.
After a segment on the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans, the programme received criticism for damaging a historic Jaguar C-Type valued at £1 million. "Top Gear" responded that they had permission to "drive the car hard" but Adrian Hamilton, the car's owner, and "Top Gear's" test driver had different ideas on what that meant.
Series 3, Episode 5: Tree damage.
During the fifth episode of series three, Clarkson crashed a Toyota Hilux into a tree, during a segment in which he attempts to prove the sturdiness and reliability of the truck, through a series of torture tests. The tree belonged to the Churchill Parish in Somerset. The villagers presumed that the damage had been accidental, or that someone had vandalised the tree, until the "Top Gear" episode was broadcast. After the BBC was contacted, the director of "Top Gear" admitted guilt and the broadcaster paid compensation.
Series 8, Episode 6: Caravan fire.
Following the broadcast of the sixth episode of series eight, the BBC received 150 complaints regarding the presenters burning a caravan to the ground during their caravan holiday in Dorset. James Tapper, writing for the British "Mail on Sunday", claimed the episode's actions had been staged and that Dorset emergency services had been paid around £1,000 by the BBC for a six-man fire crew to participate in the mock fire. A BBC spokeswoman confirmed that the fire had been planned for safety reasons and that viewers were not misled due to the stunt's slapstick nature.
Series 9.
Episode 1: Brain injury insensitivity.
The BBC apologised to a number of "Top Gear" viewers following comments made during the first episode of series nine. Clarkson asked Hammond following his 370 km/h (230 mph) crash, "Are you now a mental?", which was followed by James May offering Richard Hammond a tissue "in case he dribbled". The BBC claimed the comments were meant as a joke, but also claimed they saw how the comments could cause offence to mentally disabled and brain-damaged viewers.
Episode 3: Dead cow incident.
During the show's American Special, the show received 91 complaints regarding a dead cow being tied to the roof of Jeremy Clarkson's Camaro. It was later revealed by the BBC that the cow had died several days previously and Clarkson had caused no harm or injury to it.
Episode 5: Train crash reconstruction.
Episode five of series nine was criticised for Jeremy Clarkson's reconstruction of a train crash that occurred in Hibaldstow, North Lincolnshire, near Scunthorpe. The incident was mainly criticised due to its insensitivity regarding the Cumbria train crash that occurred only 2 days earlier. The reconstruction, which was organised by Network Rail as part of its "Don't Run The Risk" campaign, was criticised by Anthony Smith, chief executive of the rail watchdog Passenger Focus, who said: "We need to raise awareness of the issue, but now is not the right time." 
It was reported that the item had already been delayed several times, due to an earlier fatal level crossing crash. The BBC defended their decision to broadcast the episode, claiming that "with only one programme remaining in the series, and the frequency of level crossing accidents, it may have been considered that there was no "appropriate" time to show the film without it "offending" somebody. A repeat of the episode was due to be aired on 1 March 2007, but due to the earlier complaints, and another death on a level crossing earlier that morning, was replaced with a new edition of "The Best of Top Gear".
Episode 7: Drinking while driving.
During the show's "Polar Special" at the end of series nine, Jeremy Clarkson was shown drinking gin and tonic while driving through an ice field in the Arctic. Despite the producers and Clarkson's claims that they were in international waters at the time, the BBC Trust found that the scene could "glamourise the misuse of alcohol", and that the scene "was not editorially justified in the context of a family show pre-watershed".
Series 10.
Episode 4: Salt Pan damage.
During the show's Botswana Special, a spokesperson for the Environmental Investigation Agency criticised the BBC for leaving tracks in Botswana's Makgadikgadi salt pan. The BBC denied that they had gone near any conservation areas, and asserted that they had followed the advice of environmental experts.
Episode 11: Top Ground Gear Force.
The BBC received 65 complaints about the show's Sport Relief special, "Top Ground Gear Force", in which the presenters destroyed Sir Steve Redgrave's garden while attempting to redesign it.
Series 12.
Episode 1: Lorry drivers and prostitutes.
Following the first episode of series twelve, Jeremy Clarkson was criticised for making a joke regarding lorry drivers killing prostitutes, thought to be alluding to the Ipswich 2006 serial murders. Ofcom received over 500 complaints, but say that the remark was not in breach of the broadcasting code. Afterward, Labour MP Chris Mole wrote a strongly worded letter to the BBC, saying that Clarkson should be sacked regarding the remarks. In response to the complaints on the show, Clarkson announced he would apologise, but later revealed that he was, in fact, apologising for not posting the lap time of a car that was shown on the previous episode. The incident was referenced when Stephen Fry appeared as the Star in a Reasonably Priced Car in July 2009. Clarkson introduced the interview by stating that Fry had "begun his career with a Lorry (Laurie), so the one thing we can be certain he hasn't done is killed a prostitute".
Series 13.
Episode 7: Volkswagen Scirocco commercial.
During the final episode of series thirteen, Clarkson and May were assigned to produce a spoof advert for the new Volkswagen Scirocco. However, one of their spoof ads saw crowds of people leaving Warsaw in terror on buses and trains, because of the imminent German invasion of Poland. At the end of the advert, Clarkson announced ""Volkswagen Scirocco TDI: Berlin to Warsaw in one tank"". The advert was uploaded to YouTube minutes after its broadcast, spurring angry comments from Polish viewers. A spokeswoman for the show told the "Daily Mail" that the BBC had only received a handful of complaints, but complaints submitted to national broadcast watchdog Ofcom were expected to be higher. Complaints were also received for three other incidents in the programme: a remake of a VW advertisement, in which a suicide is shown on-screen; Clarkson mocking people who have Asperger's Syndrome, and the use of the word 'Pikey', which Clarkson claims to be someone who sells 'pegs and heather', to describe drivers of the Vauxhall VXR8 Bathurst.
Series 15.
Episode 7: Stig shooting.
A BBC spokesman confirmed there had been a considerable number of complaints regarding the presenters' American East Road Trip, which was broadcast in December 2010. The episode depicted the trio carrying out a drive-by shooting of The Stig, using cardboard cut-outs specially produced for the stunt.
Series 16.
Episode 3: Albania.
The BBC received 600 complaints following the third episode of series sixteen, following an incident in which the presenters 'murdered' a fat Albanian and attempted to find out which of three car boots he would fit into the best. The episode was also criticised for its stereotypical views on Albania, claiming it is a nest for mafia car thieves.
Series 17.
Episode 6: Nissan Leaf.
This episode shows Clarkson and May parking their electric cars in disabled parking spots. Later the BBC defended its stars, stating that they had permission from the owners to park in the disabled spots. A later scene shows people pushing the Nissan Leaf up a street while Clarkson made jokes based on the fact it had run out of electric charge. Nissan later discovered from onboard data logging that before the "test drive" its charge had been run down to only 40 per cent capacity. Since then Top Gear has received criticism from electric car enthusiasts, newspapers, celebrities, and Nissan themselves, in response to their view on electric cars.
Series 20.
Episode 4: Hovervan.
In this episode, Top Gear was accused of faking a scene in which riverbank diners have their meal interrupted by a deluge of water from a passing hovervan, which the three presenters had built to show what can be done to help flood prone areas. The accusations were started after actor Michael Bott posted on his online blog that he’d been hired by Top Gear to pose in the group of diners. A BBC spokesperson responded to the accusations saying "Top Gear is an entertainment programme and I don’t think the viewers would have been taken in." 

</doc>
<doc id="20073371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073371" title="Macedonians in the United Kingdom">
Macedonians in the United Kingdom

Macedonians in the United Kingdom refers to people from the Republic of Macedonia that have formed communities in or were born in the United Kingdom. The 2001 UK Census recorded 1,285 people born in Macedonia. However, estimates state that up to 9,000–10,000 ethnic Macedonians may live in England.
History of Macedonians in the United Kingdom.
The majority of Macedonians in Britain arrived after the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia permitted emigration to the West in the 1960s and 1970s. Many Macedonians especially from the Demir Hisar, Bitola and Prilep regions left for Britain during this period. During the 1980s many professionals left Skopje to work in London for the Socialist Republic of Macedonia and for international organisations stationed there. Following the Breakup of Yugoslavia hundreds of ethnic Macedonians left for Britain. After the Yugoslav Wars in the 1990s many ethnic Macedonians and Albanians from the newly independent Republic of Macedonia left for Britain as refugees. In 2001 the number of people born in the Republic of Macedonia who resided in the UK was 1,285 although it is estimated by the Macedonian Ministry of Foreign Affairs that about 9,000–10,000 ethnic Macedonians live in England.
Organisations.
Within the United Kingdom many ethnic Macedonian based organisations have been founded. Most notable is the "Association of Macedonians in the United Kingdom" (). This group has been key in organising events amongst the ethnic Macedonian community in Britain. They have also contributed to the consecration of the Macedonian Orthodox Church in London along with the Embassy of the Republic of Macedonia in London.
The most prominent Cultural and Artistic society within the ethnic Macedonians community in the United Kingdom is the ethnic Macedonian Cultural and Artistic Association "Sonce". It was founded in London on the 17th of November 2003.
Macedonian Orthodox Church.
In the United Kingdom there is one operating Macedonian Orthodox Church. The Macedonian Orthodox Church “ St. Archangel Michael & All Angels”, was founded by immigrants from the Republic of Macedonia. Calls for the consecration of the church by ethnic Macedonians in Britain were realised when the community consecrated the church. There have been plans to construct a Cultural Centre on the site of the Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20073414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073414" title="Bournemouth Raiders">
Bournemouth Raiders

The Bournemouth Raiders was an American Football club based in Bournemouth, England. The club folded in May 2006.
Early days.
The club was created in 1988 at Bournemouth School for Boys through a group of gridiron football enthusiasts. Starting by playing and learning the game during lunch breaks, the players created a team called the Bournemouth Deckchairs, and in the fall of 1988 played back to back games against the local under-15 team, the Bournemouth Bearcats.
Colours.
The team played in black and grey uniforms, the same colours as their namesakes the Oakland Raiders.
Tables.
1990 Table
1991 Table
2001 Table
2002 9man Table
2002 5man Table
2003 Table

</doc>
<doc id="20073432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073432" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 61 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20073453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073453" title="Leonard Bloom">
Leonard Bloom

Leonard Bloom was a dentist / orthodontist and sports and entertainment executive in California.
On June 28, 1972 the American Basketball Association (that later merged with the NBA) awarded a franchise to San Diego for an entry fee of $1 million. Leonard Bloom, President and CEO of United States Capital Corporation, was the team's sole owner. Bloom named the team the San Diego Conquistadors.
Under Bloom's ownership the Conquistadors were unable to secure a major arena in San Diego for their first two years, but were able to secure a lease in the San Diego Sports Arena, thereafter. The Team made the ABA playoffs in both of its years at San Diego State University and the San Diego Convention Center 1973 and 1974.
On February 27, 1975, the ABA purchased the San Diego Conquistadors franchise for an undisclosed, multi-million dollar figure. 
Leonard Bloom is the sole owner of Marquee Entertainment Corporation. Bloom also owned Bass Tickets, in which certain rights and locations were later purchased by Ticketmaster. For many years, Leonard Bloom's Marquee Entertainment Corporation has contracted and in many cases managed the top entertainers in the country for performances in Bloom-owned venues and for national and international tours. 
In addition to owning the San Diego Basketball franchise, Leonard Bloom also owned the Los Angeles Sharks Hockey Team in the WHA (World Hockey Association) that later merged with the NHL. The Sharks played all of their home hockey games at the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena. Bloom renovated the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena to accommodate his hockey team.
Leonard Bloom was one of the original founders of World Team Tennis (WTT) with Billie Jean King and Dennis Murphy. Bloom was the owner of the San Diego WTT franchise. Tennis superstar Rod Laver was signed by Bloom to play on his San Diego Team.
Leonard Bloom is also a real estate developer that owned, designed, constructed and operated large sports and entertainment facilities. Bloom was requested by the Chinese government and Olympic committee to be a consultant for the design, construction and operation of their Olympic venues for the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20073457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073457" title="Essam al-Qamari">
Essam al-Qamari

Essam Al-Qamari (عصام القمري, alias "Zakariyya") was a decorated tank commander and Major in the Egyptian army who smuggled weapons and ammunition from army strongholds for al-Jihad as a "disciple" of the late Sayyid Qutb.
In February 1981, Egyptian police arrested a man smuggling weapons who was carrying a map of the military's tank placements. Realising that he would likely be implicated, al-Qamari took the opportunity to disappear. He is believed to have hidden at a Gamaliyya apartment owned by Muhammad Abdelrahim al-Sharqawi, that generated profits as a turnery, before acquiring another apartment in Giza with help from Ameen Yusef al-Domeiry. Meanwhile, he acquired a number of hand grenades for Abbud al-Zumar, and experimented trying to build a timer-detonator using a fan and a broken light bulb, although it failed.
He later strenuously opposed Omar Abdel-Rahman's leadership of al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya with other jihadist groups following the assassination of Anwar Sadat.
In 1988, he escaped from prison along with Khamis Muslim and Mohamed al-Aswani, ostensibly aided by Khaled Medhet al-Fiqi.
When Ayman al-Zawahiri was arrested, he was immediately asked the whereabouts of al-Qamari and told them he was staying at the Gamaliyya turnery. Since they had spoken earlier in the day about meeting at the Kit Kat Mosque, Zawahiri agreed to meet as scheduled and allow the Egyptians to arrest al-Qamari when he entered. He was arrested while performing the Nafl salat.

</doc>
<doc id="20073474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073474" title="Tom Gralish">
Tom Gralish

Tom Gralish is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American photographer. Born in Mount Clemens, Michigan, he worked for United Press International and the now-defunct "Las Vegas Valley Times" before coming to work for the "Philadelphia Inquirer" in 1983 as a photographer and photo editor. On April 7, 1985, he shot a series of photographs of homeless people on the streets of Philadelphia. This series was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in 1986, when Gralish was 29 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20073476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073476" title="Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 5">
Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 5

Cycle five of "Norway's Next Top Model" started airing since 3 September 2008 with 13 girls, more than ever, competing for the title of "Norway's Next Top Model 2007".
At last, 18 year old Kamilla Alnes from Ålesund triumphed over fellow finalists Ivanna Petrova and Polina Barbasova.
Contestants.
In order of elimination
"(Ages stated are at time of contest)"

</doc>
<doc id="20073515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073515" title="1906 Vanderbilt Cup">
1906 Vanderbilt Cup

Just like the 1906 Vanderbilt Elimination Race, this race was stopped as the crowd invaded the course.

</doc>
<doc id="20073537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073537" title="Metal Construction Association">
Metal Construction Association

The Metal Construction Association (MCA) was formed in 1984 with a focus on one key strategy - to grow the use of metal in construction through marketing, education, and selective action on public policies that affect metal’s use in building projects.
MCA’s marketing and technical activities create awareness of metal and its benefits as a construction material. MCA also works to eliminate barriers to metal’s use in construction by supporting product performance testing, initiating research, and monitoring and responding to codes and regulations affecting metal. These activities help educate building owners, designers, installers, educators and those who determine relevant codes and standards.
History.
The concept of the MCA began in March 1983 when members of the now-defunct Metal Building Component Manufacturers Association wanted to create a new, expanded association. 
MCA took shape later that year when these companies contributed seed money for the new organization: American Building Components; Binkley Company; Corrugated Metal; Engineered Components; McElroy Metal; Metal Building Components Inc.; Moncrief Lenoir; and Omega Metal Building Products. 
The new organization was officially named the Metal Construction Association and its purpose was—to promote the use of metal in all phases of construction and collectively oppose any legislation that deters the use of metal. 
Today, that remains the essence of MCA’s strategic focus - to grow the use of metal through marketing, education, and selective action on public policies that affect metal’s use in building projects. 
The formula established by its early leaders also made MCA a progressive organization always able to forge ahead with new ideas while staying focused on its basic strategy.
At a November 1983 organizational meeting in Dallas 74 companies signed on as charter members, adopted bylaws and elected the first Board of Directors: 
- President - Larry Swaney, Chromalloy American Corp, Precoat Metals Division; 
- 1st Vice President, and Marketing and Development Committee Chair – 
J. C. “Chuck” Anderson, Coated Sheet Products, Jones & Laughlin Steel; 
- 2nd Vice President, Activities Committee Chair - Tem McElroy, McElroy Metal, Inc.:
In January 1984 the first MCA Board Meeting was held in Washington, D.C.
Shortly after the MCA Marketing/Development Committee set plans for the first MCA brochure; created a Best Building Awards Program, which has evolved to the annual President’s Awards; accepted an offer from Metal Building News and Metal Building Review to write a monthly section about MCA activities; and determined an approach to work with other industry organizations.
 In April 1984 MCA held its first annual meeting in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, with 104 people attending. In October 1984 it held its first semi-annual meeting in St. Louis, Missouri, where members decided MCA should focus on technical and marketing efforts.
METALCON International, an annual conference and exhibition, was established in 1990, with the first show held in 1991. Focused totally on expanding the use of metal in construction, this major event generates awareness and provides education through new product exhibits, education sessions and live-action demonstrations produced by members of MCA roofing and wall councils. 
In 1998 MCA helped establish the Metal Roofing Alliance, a national marketing initiative that has helped achieve MCA goals in the residential market. It’s a separately run entity closely aligned with MCA activities. In 2002,MCA worked with the American Iron and Steel Institute and the Metal Building Manufacturers Association (among others) as part of the Steel Coalition. In 2004, MCA launched The Metal Initiative a program that educates decision makers and influencers in the commercial building market.
During its 25 years, MCA has funded or co-funded numerous research programs to evaluate various performance areas of metal roof and wall systems. These studies helped develop data to position metal favorably in codes and standards and form the basis for several industry white papers. Strong leadership within MCA councils and committees also helped reposition metal products for use in the building envelope and create technical documents for industry use. 
From the beginning MCA has continuously monitored national, state and local codes and taken action to defend or make changes that would benefit metal in construction. In the last ten years as the focus on energy and environmental issues has dramatically increased, codes and standards have also dramatically changed and MCA has kept pace with the changes to help its members remain at the forefront on building performance needs.
Membership.
MCA members are:
• Producers of metal roofing, wall panels, insulated panels, metal building systems, hardware and accessories 
• Fabricators, primary metal producers, coatings manufacturers, coil coaters and chemical suppliers 
• Contractors, consultants, trade publications and allied industry associations
Education.
MCA offers two certification programs; Roofing Certification and MCM Fabricators Certification. The Roofing Certification Program sets the standard for steep slope metal roofing substrates and paint finishes. The Premium MCM Fabricator Certification Program verifies performance standards for MCM (metal composite material) fabricators.
MCA is a Registered Provider of AIA/CES programs. Its members can access this well-known education system to develop qualified AIA presentations.
The annual MCA Student Design Competition provides an opportunity for students of architecture to submit designs utilizing metal construction products. Each year a different project theme is developed by a team of MCA members, architects, and municipal planners. These projects are developed to increase student awareness of metal products and to promote an understanding of the benefits of using metal in construction. Students are challenged to address issues of creativity, environmental concern, and functional need. A panel of respected architects juries entries to the competition. Students, faculty sponsors and the schools involved in the top three winning entries receive a monetary award from the MCA totaling $8,600.

</doc>
<doc id="20073540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073540" title="River at Dash Scalding">
River at Dash Scalding

River at Dash Scalding is the third full length studio album, fourth album overall, by the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was released on Black Lotus Records in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20073558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073558" title="1997 Indonesian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Indonesian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Indonesian motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourteenth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 28 September 1997 at the Sentul International Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20073583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073583" title="The Center for Head Injury Services">
The Center for Head Injury Services

The Center for Head Injury Services (commonly referred to as The Center, or CHIS) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization who offers a comprehensive continuum of services in Missouri for persons having sustained a brain injury. They have 15 specialized, community-based programs with over 60 full- and part-time dedicated staff who deliver services to individuals with brain injuries and their families at a facility in St. Louis, Missouri. The Center is an independent, internationally CARF-accredited non-profit organization that meets the Better Business Bureau’s Charity Accountability Standards.
History.
In 1986, the St. Louis Chapter of the National Head Injury Foundation created the first community-based day program for adults with head injuries. At the time, no care or therapy options existed for survivors, and most people would spend their days at home, alone, with nothing to do. This small program grew and now offers a variety of specialized services known as The Center for Head Injury Services.
The current executive director of The Center for Head Injury Services is Donna Gunning.
Programs.
Medical Rehabilitation Services 
This program provides specialized brain injury rehabilitation services for those with traumatic brain injuries or non-traumatic brain injuries, including physical, occupational and speech therapies. A neuropsychologist works closely with the team to provide valuable assessment information to be used in the treatment program. The Medical program is focused on goals that are important to each individual – whether that be improving strength, memory, independence at home or gaining the skills to return to work or school.
Adult Day Program 
People who sustain a brain injury maintain a strong sense of self and often become frustrated because they remember what they could do before their injury. The Center’s Day Programs provide them with a friendly, stimulating and safe environment where they can get together, improve their skills and have fun. Day programs also provide families with some much-needed respite time. Services can include nursing care, assistance with daily living activities, cognitive (or thinking) enrichment activities, social skills training, pre-vocational activities and community outings. 
Vocational Program 
Often, people are unable to return to the careers they pursued before a brain injury, but employment is an important goal for them. Evaluating strengths, weaknesses, interests, and needs, we help individuals explore different job opportunities, rebuild work skills, learn appropriate workplace behavior and develop strategies to promote successful employment. 
Community Living Skills 
The activities of daily living can be a challenge for those with a brain injury. The Center’s Community Living Skills program helps individuals become more independent, both at home and in community activities. Skills range from dressing oneself, cooking, cleaning, and budgeting, to time management, grocery shopping, banking, and keeping medical appointments.
Supportive Employment Program 
People with brain injuries require special support obtaining and retaining employment. Together, they explore career opportunities through evaluations and real-life experiences at area businesses. They work closely with individuals to find the right job for them. They provide on-the-job training to help new employees learn their tasks. Work related coaching encourages the development of compensatory strategies, relationship management with co-workers, and supervisors, establishment of a support network. They continue follow-up with employees and employers to ensure success on the job well into the future.
Counseling 
The effects of a brain injury on a person and their loved ones can be devastating. Counseling can assist with the changes and adjustment issues that can occur.
Equip Your Neighbor Partnership 
This program receives gently used durable medical equipment, such as wheelchairs and hospital beds and redistributes them to those in need, often without insurance coverage for these vital items. This is a partnership established with each of our major hospital systems, local and state elected officials, and local television stations and newspapers. Since its establishment in the St. Louis area, the Equip your Neighbor Partnership has expanded to Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20073587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073587" title="Optare Rapta">
Optare Rapta

The Optare Rapta was an integral double decker launched at the Euro Bus Expo on 4th November 2008. It was one of the first of the new model range to have the new family look, the other of which is the new Solo+ (since removed from Optare's online list of products). The Rapta is the first new Optare-designed double decker since the Spectra low-floor in 1997 that was discontinued in 2005. It was available with a MAN Euro V engine with an optional hybrid drive.
In late 2009 it was announced that the Rapta would not enter production, instead an option of Optare chassis will be available on the Optare Olympus.

</doc>
<doc id="20073598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073598" title="1997 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix was the last round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 5 October 1997 at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20073611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073611" title="John McDougall (footballer)">
John McDougall (footballer)

John McDougall was a Scotland international who played for the national side between 1877 and 1879. During his international career he played 5 games, scoring 4 goals. He was the first player to score a hat-trick for Scotland, scoring three goals against England in a 7–2 win on 2 March 1878. During his domestic career he played for Vale of Leven.

</doc>
<doc id="20073632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073632" title="Diana Lee Inosanto">
Diana Lee Inosanto

Diana Lee Inosanto (born May 29, 1966) is an American actress, stuntwoman, martial artist and film director, sometimes credited as D. Lee Inosanto.
Personal.
Inosanto was born in Torrance, California and was raised in Carson, California and later, Harbor City, California, where she attended Narbonne High School. 
Martial artist.
Inosanto grew up surrounded by the martial arts world, studying many forms including Jeet Kune Do which she learned from her father, Dan Inosanto, who was a student of Jeet Kune Do founder Bruce Lee. She has appeared on the cover of numerous martial arts magazines including "Black Belt," "Martial Arts," "Inside Karate," "Self Defense," and "Inside Kung Fu." Diana was named Woman of the year by "Black Belt Magazine" in 2009.
Theatre work.
Inosanto is active in Southern California theatre, as a member of the Asian American theatre group, Lodestone Theatre Ensemble. In 2008 she worked with East West Players, serving as Martial Arts Choreographer on the world premiere of Dan Kwong's play "Be Like Water".

</doc>
<doc id="20073640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073640" title="Gemarrin Bridge">
Gemarrin Bridge

The Bridge of Gemarrin is a Roman bridge in the vicinity of the ancient city of Bostra (modern-day Bosra) in southern Syria. The bridge belonged to the Roman road to Soada Dionysias (As-Suwayda), crossing the Wadi Zeidi some kilometers north of Bostra.
Today, the structure presents itself essentially as an arch skeleton: while the three semi-circular arches, made from local basalt, are still extant, the roadway and the fill have been removed to expose the top of the arch vaults. Obliquely running embankments on both sides of the wadi force the water in the river bed under the bridge.
At least two other Roman bridges over the Wadi Zeidi, the Kharaba Bridge and the one At-Tayyibeh, have survived to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20073665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073665" title="2003 SEC Championship Game">
2003 SEC Championship Game

The 2003 SEC Championship Game was won by the LSU Tigers 34-13 over the Georgia Bulldogs. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="20073693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073693" title="Yorkshire rebellion 1489">
Yorkshire rebellion 1489

The Yorkshire rebellion took place in England in 1489, during the reign of Henry VII.
Prelude.
Parliament granted Henry VII a subsidy of £100,000 to help defend Brittany, an ally of England in its war against France. King Henry sent Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland to collect taxes to help raise more money for this campaign. However, many of the people in Northumberland and Yorkshire claimed to have already paid their part through local taxes. They were unwilling to give more money to defend a country of no geographical threat to them, as Yorkshire and Northumberland are in Northern England, whereas Brittany is closer to Cornwall and London.
Rebellion.
Rebellion broke out in April 1489. The Earl met with the rebels, but a scuffle broke out and he was killed. The rebels then asked for pardon but were denied it by the king who sent a large army of 8000 to the north, led by Thomas, Earl of Surrey. 6,000 rebels were killed and the rebel leader, John á Chambre was hanged for treason, so they found a new leader in Sir John Egremont (an illegitimate member of the House of Percy). Unfortunately for the rebels, Egremont proved to be unreliable and fled to the Court of Margaret, Duchess of Burgundy, a staunch opposer to Henry's rule.
Aftermath.
The results of this rebellion led the rebels to receive a royal pardon, and no further taxes were collected, thus Henry was unable to get enough money to defend Brittany. He also became aware of the lawless nature of the North of England, which had been loyal to King Richard III, who had spent more time in the North than any previous King of England.
Thomas Howard, Earl of Surrey, who was sent to deal with the Yorkist threat, was made into Henry's Lieutenant in the North. With no estates or interests in the north, Surrey was able to spend many years reconciling the region to Tudor rule.

</doc>
<doc id="20073707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073707" title="1962 Cannes Film Festival">
1962 Cannes Film Festival

The 15th Cannes Film Festival was held on May 7–23, 1962. The Palme d'Or went to the "O Pagador de Promessas" by Anselmo Duarte. The festival opened with "Les Amants de Teruel", directed by Raymond Rouleau.

</doc>
<doc id="20073711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073711" title="Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 4">
Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 4

Cycle four of "Norway's Next Top Model" was the first individual season of the Show after three Cycles of competing on "Scandinavia's Next Top Model". It started airing on 4 September 2006 and saw victory for 15 year old Maria Berntina Eilertsen from Stavanger, the youngest winner of the show by then.
Contestants.
In order of elimination
"(Ages stated are at time of contest)"

</doc>
<doc id="20073718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073718" title="Jacques Favart">
Jacques Favart

Jacques Favart (July 30, 1920 – September 27, 1980) was a French sports official and figure skater.
He won the French Figure Skating Championships in men's singles in 1942. As a pair skater, he competed with his wife Denise Favart from 1946 to 1950. They placed 14th at the 1948 Winter Olympics.
He served as president of the International Skating Union from 1967 to 1980, and of Fédération Française des Sports de Glace from 1968 to 1969.
He was inaugurated in the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20073719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073719" title="Lee Sun-Fung">
Lee Sun-Fung

Lee Sun-Fung (born 10 April 1909 in Guangdong, China, died 21 May 1985) was a Chinese film director, writer and actor. Between 1940 and 1978 he directed over 50 Hong Kong films. Three of his films were included in the Hong Kong Film Awards' list of "Best 100 Chinese Motion Pictures" in 2005: "The Orphan" (1960), "Cold Nights" (1955), and "Feast of a Rich Family" (1959), which he co-directed with Li Tie, Ng Wui and Lo Ji-Hung.

</doc>
<doc id="20073730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073730" title="Aghibasiin-Lessons on How to Defeat Death">
Aghibasiin-Lessons on How to Defeat Death

Aghibasiin-Lessons on How To Defeat Death is the first compilation album, and fifth album overall, by the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was originally released on Shadowface Releases in 2004 and limited to 1000 hand-numbered copies, but was later re-released on Anti-Xtian Terror Records and limited to 300 hand-numbered copies. The re-released version contains two bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20073731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073731" title="SM U-11 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-11 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-11 or U-XI" was a in the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. She was originally a German Type UB I submarine commissioned into the German Imperial Navy () as SM "UB-15".
SM "UB-15" was constructed in Germany and shipped by rail to Pola, where she was assembled and launched. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy in April and sank an Italian submarine in June. The boat was handed over to Austria-Hungary and commissioned as SM "U-11" on 14 June. In early 1916, "U-11" fired on a British submarine, but missed. After the end of the war, "U-11" was handed over to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped at Pola by 1920.
Design and construction.
"U-11" was a small coastal submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged. She featured a single shaft, a single Körting diesel engine for surface running, and a single electric motor for submerged travel. "U-11" was capable of up to while surfaced and while submerged at a diving depth of up to . She was designed for a crew of 17 officers and men.
"U-11" was equipped with two torpedo tubes located in the front and carried a complement of two torpedoes. German Type UB I submarines were additionally equipped with a machine gun, but it is not clear from sources if "U-11"a former German boatwas fitted with one, or if it was, retained it in Austro-Hungarian service. In October 1916, "U-11"s armament was supplemented with a 66 mm/18 (2.6 in) gun.
"UB-15" was laid down on 9 November 1914 at AG Weser in Bremen. The submarine was shipped by rail in sections to Pola, where the sections were riveted together. There is no known surviving record of how long it took for UB-15's sections to be assembled. However, a similar ship ("UB-3") was built in two weeks.
Operational history.
SM "UB-15" was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Heino von Heimburg on 11 April. An Austro-Hungarian Navy officer was assigned to the boat for piloting and training purposes. On 10 June, "UB-15" sank the Italian submarine "Medusa" for a loss of 245 tons off Porto di Piave Vecchia in the Northern Adriatic. Like all Type UB I and U-10 class submarines, "UB-15" was equipped with compensating tanks designed to flood and offset the loss of one of the C/06 torpedoes. However, they did not always function correctly; when firing from periscope depth the boat could broach after firing or, if too much weight was taken on, plunge to the depths. When "UB-15" torpedoed and sank "Medusa", the tank failed to properly compensate, forcing all of the crewmen to run to the stern to offset the trim imbalance and prevent the ship from sinking.
On 14 June, "UB-15" was handed over to the Austro-Hungarian Navy and commissioned as "U-11" under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Lüdwig Eberhardt. "U-11" retained its German crew until 18 June 1916, when they were replaced by an all Austro-Hungarian one. In early 1916, "U-11" unsuccessfully attacked the British submarine in the Gulf of Fiume. "U-11" sank no ships in her Austro-Hungarian service, and was handed over to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped at Pola by 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20073759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073759" title="John Whitmore (racing driver)">
John Whitmore (racing driver)

Sir John Henry Douglas Whitmore, 2nd Baronet (born 16 October 1937) is an author, performance coach and former British racing driver.
Inheritance and family life.
Sir John was born 16 October 1937, the son of Sir Francis Whitmore and Ellis Johnsen. He was educated at Eton College, Sandhurst Royal Military Academy, and Cirencester Agricultural College. Sir John inherited The Orsett Estate Company at Orsett, Essex, in 1962, on the death of his father Sir Francis Henry Charlton Douglas Whitmore Bt. (1872-1962). The inheritance included the family seat, Orsett Hall, the grounds of which he used to take off and land his plane. In 1968, he sold the house to his friends, Tony and Val Morgan. He married twice, first to Ella Gunilla Hansson, divorcing in 1969, and later to Diana Becchetti. He has one child from each marriage, Tina Whitmore, born 1966 and Jason Whitmore, born 1982.
Racing career.
In his first year in the competition, 1961, Whitmore won the British Saloon Car Championship in his BMC Mini Minor. In 1963 he drove again in the BSCC and came second in the championship in a Mini Cooper, finishing just two points behind Jack Sears. In 1965 he won the European Touring Car Championship in a Lotus Cortina (KPU392C). He won by finishing first in his class in 8 of the 9 1965 ETCC races (and finishing first overall in 6 of the races).
Sir John drove in the 24 Hours of Le Mans for five years between 1959 and 1966. In the first year he finished second in class along with Jim Clark in a Lotus Elite. In 1965 and 1966 he raced in a works Ford GT40, but had to retire from the race both years with mechanical problems. At the end of 1966 he retired from racing.
More recently he has returned to driving in historic car events, such as the Goodwood Revival.
Performance and business coaching.
After leaving racing, he went on to become a sports psychologist. He left working within motor-sports to apply his skills to the world of business. he works as a management consultant, and serves as the executive chairman of the company Performance Consultants International. He has written several books on performance coaching, as well as the foreword to Graham Gauld's biography of fellow racer Jack Sears.
Sir John is regarded as a pioneer in the field of business coaching, having written the bestselling book 'Coaching for Performance', presented at numerous conferences around the world and contributed to many other books such as 'Challenging Coaching' and 'Coaching at Work'.
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #99ff66;" | Sporting achievements

</doc>
<doc id="20073785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073785" title="Povl Bang-Jensen">
Povl Bang-Jensen

Povl Bang-Jensen (6 April 1909 – 25 November 1959) was a Danish diplomat who refused to hand over a list of eighty-one witnesses to the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 to his UN superiors, because he considered that if their identities were turned over to the UN Secretariat they would be leaked to the Russians, and reprisals would be taken against relatives in Hungary.
He was found dead of a gunshot wound with the gun in his hand and suicide note in his pocket in Queens, New York City park on 26 November 1959 (Thanksgiving Day). Some analysts exclude suicide, in spite of the results of the FBI report.
His body was incinerated and buried in Denmark. A tombstone was placed in Budapest, in Plot #301 of the New Cemetery of Rákoskeresztúr, among those he fought for.
The story of Povl Bang-Jensen is presented in a book by DeWitt Copp and Marshall Peck, published under the title "Betrayal at the UN, the story of Povl Bang-Jensen" New York : Devin-Adair Co., 1961 and in the Hungarian documentary "The Bang-Jensen affair" ("A Bang-Jensen ügy, 2008") directed by András Surányi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20073848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073848" title="Horst Stemke">
Horst Stemke

Horst Stemke (born March 4, 1942 in Lubin, Germany) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Youth.
Born in Germany, Stemke grew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1970 to 1973. He was a 1972 honorable mention (third team) All American and was inducted into the University of Wisconsin Green Bay Hall of Fame in 1993.
Olympics.
In 1967, he joined the U.S. Olympic Soccer Team for its ultimately unsuccessful qualification campaign for the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was called into the Olympic team for the 1972 Summer Olympics. This time around, he and his team mates made the Olympic tournament. He played all three games as the U.S. went 0-2-1. He ended his Olympic team career having played 16 total games with the team.
Coach.
Stemke has spent several decades coaching in the Green Bay area. He was a founding member of the Green Bay Lightning Youth Soccer Club and coached at Preble High School. He was inducted into the Wisconsin Adult Soccer Association (WASA) Hall of Fame in 1989.
His son, Kevin Stemke was an NFL punter for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="20073860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073860" title="Secret admirer (disambiguation)">
Secret admirer (disambiguation)

Secret admirer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20073864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073864" title="French brig Créole (1809)">
French brig Créole (1809)

The Créole was a three-masted schooner sloop of war of the French Navy.
On 26 April 1809, she left île de France under captain Bouvet, part of Hamelin's squadron. She sailed to Manilla, where she captured a British and a Portuguese prize. She took part in the re-captured of Foulpointe settlement.
In October 1809, she seized and destroyed the British settlement ot Tapanoolie, near Sumatra. She took part in the Action of 18 November 1809, before returning to Île de France. There, she was converted to a brig.
She sailed to Saint Helena in 1811, and returned to Brest in 1812.
She was wrecked in Senegal on 30 November 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="20073885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073885" title="Tilbury power stations">
Tilbury power stations

The Tilbury power stations are two fossil fuel power stations on the north bank of the River Thames at Tilbury in Essex. The 1,428 MW Tilbury B Power Station has operated since 1967 and fires coal, as well as co-firing oil and biomass. The former oil-fired 360 MW Tilbury A Power Station operated from 1956 until 1981 when it was mothballed. The current system generates enough electricity to meet the electrical requirements of 1.4 million people, equivalent to 80% of the population of Essex. RWE is currently testing and recommissioning the station following conversion to burn biomass only; this includes converting the black-start open cycle gas turbines to run biofuel in addition to the power station proper.
History.
A station.
Following construction which began in 1951, Tilbury 'A' station was commissioned in 1956 by the CEGB. It was mothballed in 1981 and eventually part demolished in 1999, mostly everything including the turbine hall was demolished. the waste water and a small part of the station still remains due to being a listed building
B station.
The CEGB began construction of a much larger new station, Tilbury 'B', in 1961. This was opened in 1968. On privatisation in 1990 it was assigned to National Power, but is now operated by RWE npower. The jetty was enlarged in 2004 to accommodate ships carrying up to 65,000 tons of coal.
Conversion to biomass.
In May 2011, RWE began converting the B station to burn biomass only. They hoped for the conversion to allow 750 MW of electricity to be generated from burning wood pellets imported from a pelleting plant in Georgia, USA, and other sources from Europe by the winter of 2011. This conversion would make the station the biggest biomass generating site in the world.
In July 2013 RWE npower announced they were halting the conversion due to difficulty in converting and financing the plant. 220 jobs are likely to be lost.
C station.
In early 2007, npower announced plans to replace the B station with a 1,600 MW 'cleaner' coal-fired power station. The station would have cost £1 billion to build and was hoped to be operational by 2014. The plans were supported by the Port of London Authority. RWE had also planned to build a clean coal power station at Blyth but they have since postponed both schemes.
Design and specification.
The B station contains four generating units, one of which has been decommissioned since the stations opening and is now redundant, only being used as spare parts for maintenance of the remaining 3 generating units, all 4 units were available before this with a combined capacity of 1428 MW, enough power for 1.4 million people, approximately 80% of the population of Essex. Cooling water is drawn from the Thames. Fuel is delivered by ship to dedicated unloading jetties. The station connects to the National Grid at the nearby 275 kV substation.
Incidents.
2008 boiler incident.
On 1 July 2008, an engineer servicing an offline boiler at the station fell from scaffolding into the boiler. Crews used an internal staircase in the boiler to rescue him.
2009 fire.
A fire broke out at the power station on 29 July 2009 shortly after 3 pm, with the failure of one of the station's high-pressure turbine units. Workers were evacuated immediately and the fire was reported to be under control by 5:30 pm. There were no casualties.
2012 fire.
A major fire broke out in a fuel storage area of the station on the morning of 27 February 2012. Essex County Fire and Rescue Service mobilised over 120 firefighters to the incident, with its highest-ranking officer, Chief Fire Officer David Johnson, taking command. The fire involved some 4,000 to 6,000 tonnes of fuel in storage cells, two of which were described as "well alight". 
Johnson reported that firefighting operations were being hindered by the fact that the blaze was high up in the main structure of the station, which was also heavily smoke-logged. In addition to 15 pumping appliances, crews used three aerial ladder platforms, one major rescue tender, three bulk foam tenders and a thermal-imaging camera in a helicopter to help tackle the fire. Support crews were drafted in from the London Fire Brigade.
Despite initial reports, another fire in the adjacent Tilbury docks which started around the same time was not connected to the larger blaze at the power station. It took firefighters several hours to bring the power station fire under control, and relief crews remained at the site for days afterward dousing and removing embers. An investigation into the cause is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="20073886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073886" title="Pont des Marchands (Narbonne)">
Pont des Marchands (Narbonne)

The Pont des Marchands () is a historic bridge in Narbonne, southern France. It serves as a foundation for a row of houses and shops underneath which the Canal de la Robine runs through the old town. Its segmental arch has a span of ca. 15 m. In Roman times the structure featured as many as six arches.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20073888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073888" title="WLMA">
WLMA

WLMA (1350 AM) was a radio station located in Greenwood, South Carolina. On March 26, 2012, the Federal Communications Commission announced that WLMA's license had been deleted since April 28, 1997 after Morradio, Inc. neglected to file its license renewal by December 1, 1995. On March 26, 2012, WLMA was ordered off the air. 

</doc>
<doc id="20073892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073892" title="Jim Saric">
Jim Saric

Jim Saric is an American professional angler, best known as the editor of the "Musky Hunter Magazine", and the "Musky Hunter Television Show". He has many large sponsors such as Ranger Boats and Mercury Marine.
Musky Hunter.
Jim Saric is the publisher, editor, and owner of the Musky Hunter Magazine, the largest Musky fishing publiciation in North America. In January 2007, Saric aired the first season of his television show, the Musky Hunter, the first television show dedicated to Musky fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20073894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073894" title="Diocese of Tiraspol">
Diocese of Tiraspol

The Diocese of Tiraspol is the name of a jurisdiction within the Russian Orthodox and Roman Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20073901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073901" title="Herbert Kelly">
Herbert Kelly

Herbert Hamilton Kelly SSM (1860–1950) was a priest of the Church of England and the founder of the Society of the Sacred Mission (SSM).
After army training Kelly studied History at Queens College, Oxford and was ordained in 1884. While training people for missionary service in Korea he founded, in London in 1893, an Anglican religious order, the Society of the Sacred Mission, which moved to Kelham Hall, Nottinghamshire, in 1903. He was succeeded as director of the Society by Fr David Jenks in 1910. 
At the invitation of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel and the Bishops of the Nippon Sei Ko Kai, Kelly later taught theology at the Anglican Central Theological Seminary in Tokyo, Japan.
Kelly's interest in the ecumenical movement involved him in the Student Christian Movement. As a theologian he was influenced by Frederick Denison Maurice.

</doc>
<doc id="20073914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073914" title="French ship Hermione">
French ship Hermione

Twelve ships of the French Navy have born the name Hermione, in honour of Hermione, daughter of King Menelaus of Sparta and his wife, Helen of Troy.

</doc>
<doc id="20073927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073927" title="New man">
New man

New man could refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20073936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073936" title="Michael Merritt">
Michael Merritt

Michael Merritt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20073946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073946" title="Rio Grande Scenic Railroad">
Rio Grande Scenic Railroad

The Rio Grande Scenic Railroad of Colorado, a heritage railway, began operations in 2006, operating both steam and diesel locomotives in and around the San Luis Valley, on trackage of the San Luis and Rio Grande Railroad. Located south of Denver, Colorado, the Rio Grande Scenic Railroad operates out of Alamosa, Monte Vista and La Veta. This standard gauge route, featuring a climb over the Sangre de Cristo Mountains via Veta Pass, dates back to 1899 and is a successor to the original narrow gauge La Veta Pass line of the Denver and Rio Grande Railway, completed in 1878. In keeping with the Denver and Rio Grande Western slogan "Scenic Line of the World" (see emblem here), the trip between Alamosa and La Veta offers views of several of Colorado’s peaks.
History.
The predecessor of the railroad is credited for opening the San Luis Valley to the rest of the world by laying tracks across its borders. The town of Alamosa was literally built in one day with buildings transported by the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad in 1878. By 1890, and during the following half-century, Alamosa was the hub for narrow gauge railroading in North America. The railroad departs from the original depot in the heart of downtown Alamosa, where freight trains once delivered ore, lumber, sheep, cattle and farming products, and shipped out agricultural and mining products. Trains from Denver, Durango, Creede, Salida and Santa Fe, New Mexico arrived and departed daily with passengers.
Locomotives and passenger service.
The Rio Grande Scenic Railroad collection includes vintage steam locomotives, including the addition of former Lake Superior and Ishpeming Railroad locomotive #18, built by the American Locomotive Company at its Pittsburgh works in 1910. This locomotive previously operated on the Grand Canyon Railway and the Mount Hood Railroad. LS&I #18 joins #1744, a fully restored 2-6-0 Mogul that began service in 1901 for the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Special events.
A few events include Mother’s Day Brunch in the dome cars, Rails & Ales Brewfest, Jazz on the Tracks mountain concerts; fall foliage and pumpkin patch rides; and the North Pole Express.

</doc>
<doc id="20073948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073948" title="Ronnie Woodson">
Ronnie Woodson

Ronnie Woodson is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera "Doctors", played by Seán Gleeson. He made his first appearance on 17 January 2003, and departed on 27 March 2009.
Storylines.
Ronnie is the husband of The Mill's Georgina "George" Woodson (Stirling Gallacher). An experienced Lawyer, Ronnie is often seen tied up in his work with his clients but is as committed to his family as much as he is to his job. In 2006 he became a father to baby Bracken. Although initially he was against the idea of having children when Bracken was born, Ronnie settled into fatherhood. George had become pregnant by coming off the pill without Ronnie's knowledge. After Ronnie had been offered and accepted a job in Shanghai, he, George and Bracken moved to China, their final appearance being on March 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20073967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073967" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cecil County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cecil County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cecil County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cecil County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 51 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20073970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073970" title="Lenta (retail)">
Lenta (retail)

Lenta is one of the leading hypermarket chains in Russia. Lenta today has 77 hypermarkets throughout Russia and employs 23,000 individuals. Retail sales in 2012 was 109.9 billion rubles.
Lenta prides itself in providing customers with high quality goods, a large selection and the lowest prices on the market by eliminating the middleman where possible.
Founded by Oleg Zherebtsov, Lenta opened its first “Cash & Carry” store in St. Petersburg, Russia, in October 1993. Lenta then registered its trademark in 1994. And, by 1999, it opened its first big-box hypermarket format and has expanded ever since. Now Lenta is present in 37 cities in Russia and has 16 hypermarkets in St. Petersburg, 4 in Novosibirsk, 3 in Omsk, 2 each in Nizhny Novgorod, Barnaul, Krasnodar and Yaroslavl and one each in Astrakhan, Cherepovets, Novgorod, Volgograd, Petrozavodsk, Togliatti, Tyumen, Penza, Ryazan, Saratov, Novorossisk, Naberezhny Chelny, Cheboksary, Biysk, Ryazan, Rostov-on-Don, Vologda,etc.
Today the format of «Lenta» combines the elements of basic formats accepted in the worldwide retail practice - classical retail large-format (hypermarket), wholesale (Cash&Carry) and discounter.
One of our major advantages is that «Lenta» is not just a format adapted for the Russian market, but a «tailor made» project, i.e. «developed for individual needs», specifically for the Russian retail market.
The format ranges in size from 5,000 to 20,000m². with the standard format an average of 12,000m² of total space of which approximately 7,000m² is retail sales area. Lenta also operates a 20,600m² distribution centre in St. Petersburg which handles products for the chain throughout Russia. In addition, the company has distribution centers in Moscow and Novosibirsk. Lenta sells over 20,000 SKUs including both food and non-food items, and works closely with local producers in the cities and regions where the hypermarket is present.
The parent company of the chain – Lenta LLC – 100% belongs to Lenta LTD, that registered in British Virgin Islands. 65% of shares belong to investment - TPG Capital and «VTB Capital» (57,24 % and 7,76 % respectively), 20% — belongs to EBRD, minor shareholders share the rest. 
CEO of the chain – Jan Dunning.

</doc>
<doc id="20073981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073981" title="Diocese of Tiraspol and Dubăsari">
Diocese of Tiraspol and Dubăsari

The Diocese of Tiraspol and Dubăsari (, "Tiraspolskaya i Dubossarskaya yeparkhiya", , , "Tyraspolska i Dubossarska yeparkhiya") is a diocese of the Moldovan Orthodox Church which covers the exact territory of Transnistria, Moldova. The newly built (1999) Christmas Church in the region's capital, Tiraspol, is the Mother Church of this diocese.
It is headed by Bishop Savva and supported by the Moscow Patriarchate.
The diocese was established on October 6, 1998, by the Holy Synod of the Russian Orthodox Church to organize the Orthodox Church in the breakaway Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic.
As of 2010 the diocese consisted of 104 parishes and 2 monasteries served by 104 full-time priests and 14 deacons.

</doc>
<doc id="20073983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073983" title="Farewell to America">
Farewell to America

Farewell to America (w/o op.) is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. In the immediate wake of the composer's visit to the United States in the summer of 1872, when he conducted several times in Boston and New York, no less than seven publishers issued waltzes supposedly composed by Strauss. Only two from the total of nine compositions that were published are known to have been performed by Strauss during his tour of the United States: the "Jubilee Waltz" and the "Manhattan Waltzes". It is unknown whether or not the other compositions that were published were written by Strauss in while he was in America, completed by him after his return to Vienna and sent through the mail, or that some of the publications had nothing to do with Strauss himself, but were compiled by publishers anxious to benefit from Strauss' American tour and the clamour for new Strauss music.
Unlike its companion waltz, the "Greeting to America", "Farewell to America" is a potpourri of melodies previously written by Johann Strauss, including:
The presence of a melody by Josef Strauss, found in Waltz 4B, suggests that Farewell to America was perhaps compiled not by Strauss himself, but by a house arranger for the publisher, Oliver Ditson.

</doc>
<doc id="20073988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073988" title="Ninjas vs. Zombies">
Ninjas vs. Zombies

Ninjas vs. Zombies is a 2008 independent film parodying the science fiction, horror, zombie and ninja genres. The rough cut of the film coined the 'bootleg' premiere, was screened on October 31, 2008, and November 1, 2008 in Leesburg, VA at the historic Tally Ho Theatre. The film was written and directed by Justin Timpane.
Story.
The film revolves around seven friends, 3 of which are magically granted the use of ninja powers to fight back against hordes of zombies, and their evil leader Eric. The press kit for the film describes the premise as follows:"Seven friends, struggling with late 20s, early 30s life, find themselves in terrifying danger when a long dead loved one is magically resurrected and starts devouring souls. To make matters worse, three of them have been granted the power of the ninja, and now must lead the fight against a power they cannot hope to vanquish. If they fail, the undead will overrun their little town, and maybe the world."
The script is filled with references to other genre favorites, including but not limited to "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Lost", "Jurassic Park", "Angel", "Ghostbusters", "Chasing Amy", "Batman Returns", "The Incredibles", "Return of the Jedi", "Star Trek First Contact", "Army Of Darkness", "Dawn of the Dead", "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull", "Pulp Fiction", "Dirty Harry", and more.
The closing credits thank "Joss Whedon (Who Doesn't Know We Exist)".
Soundtrack.
The film features an eponymous theme song written and performed by Nick Bognar and Michael Roth. The song is also included on Bognar's 2009 album Our Mouths Are Open.
Sequel.
A sequel to the film, titled "Ninjas vs Vampires" was released in early 2011.
A third film "Ninjas vs Monsters" released in 2013. <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2070759/>

</doc>
<doc id="20073993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20073993" title="George Wilkinson (bishop)">
George Wilkinson (bishop)

George Howard Wilkinson was Bishop of Truro and then of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane, in the last quarter of the 19th century and the early part of the 20th. He was born on 1 May 1833 and educated at Durham School and Oriel College, Oxford and then embarked on an ecclesiastical career with a curacy at Kensington after which he held incumbencies at Seaham Harbour, Auckland, Soho and Eaton Square, a parish in a wealthy part of London, before elevation to the Episcopate. The founder of the Community of the Epiphany (1883) he died on 1 December 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20074000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074000" title="Awaken in Oblivion">
Awaken in Oblivion

Awaken in Oblivion is the second compilation album, and sixth album overall, by the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was released in 2004 on Black Lotus Records. It was limited to 2000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20074013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074013" title="Nate Raduns">
Nate Raduns

Nate Raduns (born May 17, 1984) is an American former professional ice hockey player. He played in one National Hockey League (NHL) game with the Philadelphia Flyers during the season. During his professional career he also played two seasons in the American Hockey League (AHL) with the Worcester Sharks and Philadelphia Phantoms, and one season in Italy with SG Pontebba.
Playing career.
Undrafted, Raduns was a standout high school player with Sauk Rapids-Rice High School. After his sophomore season with the storm he left to play at the next level with the U.S. National Development Program. As a high school senior, Raduns then opted to move to the River City Lancers of the USHL in 2002-03 before being recruited to play collegiate hockey with St. Cloud State University of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. After his four-year career with the Huskies he was invited to the San Jose Sharks rookie training camp for the 2007–08 season. He was then re-assigned to AHL affiliate, the Worcester Sharks, where he remained for the duration of the year. 
On July 1, 2008, Raduns signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Flyers prior to the 2008–09 season. He was then assigned to AHL affiliate, the Philadelphia Phantoms and fulfilled a checking-line role, scoring 14 points in 70 games. On November 6, 2008, he made his NHL debut appearing in 1 game with the Flyers in a 4-1 defeat to the Ottawa Senators. 
Raduns signed a contract with SG Pontebba of the Italian Serie A on July 7, 2009, for the 2009–10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20074022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074022" title="Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery">
Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery

The Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes original research in oral and maxillofacial surgery, oral pathology, and other related topics. It is published monthly by Elsevier on behalf of the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.

</doc>
<doc id="20074027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074027" title="Alex Edwards (footballer)">
Alex Edwards (footballer)

Alex Edwards (born 14 February 1946) is a Scottish former association football player, who played as a midfielder for Dunfermline, Hibernian and Arbroath.
Jock Stein gave Edwards his league debut just five days after his 16th birthday in February 1962, which made him the youngest outfield player to ever play in a Scottish Football League match. He then featured as a 16 year old in Dunfermline's famous 6-2 home victory against Valencia in 1962. He then went on to play for Dunfermline in the Scottish Cup Finals of 1965 and 1968, winning the latter.
Hibernian manager Eddie Turnbull signed Edwards for £13,000 in 1971. He combined well on the right side of the Hibs side with John Brownlie. He played in another Scottish Cup Final in 1972, before winning the Scottish League Cup in the following season. Hibs challenged for the league title that season as well, but fell away after Edwards was banned for eight weeks after being sent off.
Edwards moved on to Arbroath in 1978, before retiring from professional football in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20074068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074068" title="Dave Mercer">
Dave Mercer

Dave Mercer is a Canadian professional angler, one of the best known anglers in Canada. He is the host of the Dave Mercer's Facts of Fishing Television Series and Dave Mercer's Facts of Fishing Tip Series. He is also the emcee of the Bassmaster Classic and the Elite Series. Some of his main sponsors include Bass Pro Shops and Subway.
Facts of Fishing.
At the age of 21, Dave Mercer approached a small yet growing TV station with a new concept in mind. Mercer didn't want to make a season of half hour shows. He wanted to make sixty second short clips giving various fishing techniques. His popularity boomed, which eventually led him to making a 30 minute TV show titled Facts of Fishing THE SHOW.
Bassmaster Classic.
Beginning in 2011, Dave Mercer has been the emcee for the B.A.S.S. Bassmaster Classic, which has been called the "Superbowl" of the angling world. Following his debut at the 2011 Bassmaster Classic, he emceed eight regular-season Bassmaster Elite Series events and hosted the final two postseason events. Dave Mercer signed a two-year deal to extend his role as Bassmaster Classic and Bassmaster Elite Series emcee through 2013.
References.
Dave began his show in April 2007. It has been running strong since.

</doc>
<doc id="20074071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074071" title="J2ME Army Knife">
J2ME Army Knife

The J2ME ARMY KNIFE is a Java ME graphics and effects library. Although use of the library in compiled form is free for commercial and non-commercial purposes, obtaining the source code for use or study without written permission is prohibited, as is reverse engineering. The only exceptions to this are materials that are publicly made available in source code or human-readable form by the author, such as the J2ME Army Knife Demo Source Code and the J2ME Army Knife Javadocs.
The primary goal of the library is to provide access to graphical capabilities not otherwise available on the Java ME platform, and to make it as easy as possible to use those capabilities to their fullest potential.
As such, the J2ME ARMY KNIFE library allows mobile developers to quickly and easily create complex and impressive graphics in just a few lines of code. 
The list of effects and features includes, but is not limited to:
The effects can be combined together, so it is possible for example to create a wobbly bitmap textured font.
The J2ME ARMY KNIFE runs on any MIDP 2.0 / CLDC 1.1 device.

</doc>
<doc id="20074074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074074" title="Jon Lucas">
Jon Lucas

Jonathan "Jon" Lucas (born October 29, 1976) is an American screenwriter and film director. He is most well known for his collaborative work with Scott Moore, which includes "The Hangover" and "21 & Over".
Life & Career.
He is a graduate of Yale University as well as an alumnus of Pingry School. He started working as an assistant for screenwriter Daniel Petrie, Jr. in the 90's along with Scott Moore, who would become his longtime writing partner.
The first script Lucas and Moore ever wrote together was "Flypaper", although the movie didn't get made until 2011. In addition, they both worked on providing uncredited rewrites on "Wedding Crashers", "27 Dresses", "Chicken Little", "Monster-In-Law", and "Mr. Woodcock".
In 2005 and 2007, they were hired to write the screenplays for the family comedies "Rebound" and "Full of It". They also participated on the screenplay for the holiday comedy "Four Christmases" in 2008. The following year, they wrote the successful romantic comedy "Ghosts of Girlfriends Past". However, their breakthrough success came with "The Hangover", which became the highest-grossing R-rated comedy in the United States at the time. The movie spawned two sequels but did not include involvement by Lucas and Moore. Due to the success of "The Hangover", the duo penned another R-rated comedy: the 2011 film, "The Change-Up."
In 2013, Lucas and Moore made their co-directorial debuts with the comedy film, "21 & Over". In October 2012, they sold to ABC a pilot for a new comedy show named "Mixology", which follows five guys and five girls "trying to find love at a trendy Manhattan bar," all over the course of a single night. The show was picked up to series on May 2013 and is scheduled to premiere on ABC on February 26, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20074086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074086" title="Netherthorpe, Derbyshire">
Netherthorpe, Derbyshire

Netherthorpe is a suburban area adjoining the town of Staveley, Derbyshire, to the east, lying just west of the River Doe Lea.
The village is best known for Staveley's oldest (1572) secondary school, Netherthorpe School.

</doc>
<doc id="20074123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074123" title="David Douglas (fighter)">
David Douglas (fighter)

David Douglas is an American professional mixed martial artist. He competes in the Lightweight division, and was formerly signed with Strikeforce, but has also competed for EliteXC and the IFC. 
Background.
Douglas was born and raised in the heart of a rough neighborhood in Antioch, California, along with is twin brother Damion, by their parents who worked for steel mills. The Douglas brothers got into many fights while growing up, beating up schoolyard bullies that were bigger and older than themselves. Both of them began learning the martial arts from a young age and were taught at home by their father, Danny, who was a black belt in Tae Kwon Do. 
Mixed martial arts career.
Following two wins via TKO in 2004, Douglas made his professional mixed martial arts debut in 2005 against veteran Jeff Curran. He has fought for EliteXC, the IFC and the Cage Combat Fighting Championships. He has defeated the likes of Chute Boxe Academy prospect Marlon Mathias and Muay Thai superstar Malaipet during his undefeated streak in EliteXC.
Strikeforce.
Douglas made his debut for Strikeforce in August 2009 on the preliminary card of , losing to Justin Wilcox via submission.
He returned to the organization in 2010 on their ShoMMA Strikeforce Challengers series. He defeated Dominic Clark via TKO in October 2010 and Nick Gonzalez via submission in February 2011. 
He next fought Caros Fodor at Strikeforce Challengers: Wilcox vs. Damm and lost in the 3rd round by TKO.
Personal life.
David got his nickname "Tarzan" from Cesar Gracie while training together, due to his long hair and lanky build. David's twin brother Damion, is also a mixed martial artist who competed for Strikeforce. David has two children, while Damion has three.

</doc>
<doc id="20074146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074146" title="Bryn Lewis">
Bryn Lewis

Major Brinley 'Bryn' Lewis (4 January 1891 – 2 April 1917) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and Cambridge University. He is one of twelve Welsh internationals to have died in active duty during World War I.
Rugby career.
Lewis was born in Pontardawe, Wales but was educated at Swansea Grammar School and represented the Wales Schoolboy team. He later attended Cambridge University and while at university gained three 'Blues' when he was selected for three consecutive Varsity games from 1909-1911. Lewis gained his first cap for Wales against Ireland as part of the 1913 Five Nations Championship. The Welsh team were inexperienced and lost the game 12-5, not helped when Lewis's team mate Tom Williams broke his arm and continued playing in the second half of the game. Lewis was back the next year in the 1913 Championship, for his second and last cap, again against Ireland. Lewis scored two tries in the game which saw Wales win narrowly. A scorer of one of the Irish tries in that game, Albert Stewart, would like Lewis, die in action in World War I.
International matches played.
Wales
Military career.
During the First World War, Lewis was a Major in 'B Battery' of the 122nd Brigade of the 38th (Welsh) Infantry Division, and was mentioned in Despatches.
Lewis was killed in action at Ypres on 2 April 1917, after the enemy shelled the rear of B Battery, hitting the mess where Lewis was situated, killing him instantly. He is buried at Ferme-Oliver Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20074160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074160" title="Kurija">
Kurija

Kurija () is a village in the Negotino municipality, Republic of Macedonia. It is located on the banks of the Luda Mara river, nine kilometres from the municipal centre of Negotino. The bulk of agricultural produce from the village consists of grapes, tomatoes and peppers.[www.skurija.webs.com] 

</doc>
<doc id="20074209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074209" title="Redskins Rule">
Redskins Rule

The Redskins Rule is a bellwether involving National Football League games and United States presidential elections. Briefly stated, there is a high correlation between the outcome of the last Washington Redskins home football game prior to the U.S. Presidential Election and the outcome of the election: when the Redskins win, the incumbent party wins the electoral vote for the White House; when the Redskins lose, the non-incumbent party wins. This coincidence was noted by many sports and political commentators and held true in every election from 1940 through 2000, and with modifications in 2004 and 2008.
History.
The Redskins moved to Washington in 1937. Since then, there have been 19 presidential elections. In 17 of those, the following rule applied:
The Redskins Rule was first noticed prior to the 2000 election by Steve Hirdt, executive vice president of the Elias Sports Bureau. That year, the Redskins would begin what would become a four game losing streak with retrospect to the rule when they lost to the Tennessee Titans. George W. Bush defeated Al Gore in the Electoral College, but lost the popular vote. This would cause problems for the original version of the rule after the 2004 election.
In 2004 election, the Redskins lost their last home game before the presidential election, indicating that the incumbent should have lost. However, President George W. Bush (the incumbent) went on to defeat John Kerry. Steve Hirdt modified the rule, establishing "Redskins Rule 2.0":
In the election in 2000, Al Gore won the popular vote while Bush won the electoral vote, and thereby the revised Redskins Rule was upheld for the 2004 election.
In the 2008 election, the Redskins lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers, predicting a win for Illinois Senator Barack Obama over Arizona Senator John McCain because George W. Bush won the popular vote in the previous election.
Prior to the 2012 election, the Redskins lost against the Carolina Panthers on November 4. The Redskins Rule predicted an outright loss for incumbent Barack Obama against challenger Mitt Romney, or that Obama would lose the popular vote and still win the Electoral College. However, incumbent Barack Obama won the election with 332 electoral votes to Romney's 206, held the advantage in the popular vote by more than 4.7 million votes, and the Redskins Rule did not hold in 2012.
The rule typically does not count the team's time playing in Boston (1932-1936). The team competed as the Boston Braves in 1932 when they won 19-6 over the Staten Island Stapletons. This game does not conform to the rule as Franklin D. Roosevelt defeated Herbert Hoover in that election. However, in 1936, the first election year the team competed under its current nickname, they defeated the Chicago Cardinals and the incumbent Democrat, Roosevelt, went on to win reelection.
Results.
Upheld under revised rule
Competed as the Boston Redskins
Competed as the Boston Braves

</doc>
<doc id="20074215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074215" title="Lake Sumner Forest Park">
Lake Sumner Forest Park

Lake Sumner Forest Park is located in the Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20074216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074216" title="Colorado State Rams football">
Colorado State Rams football

The Colorado State Rams football program, established in 1893, represents Colorado State University and is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision and Mountain West Conference (MWC) under head coach Jim McElwain, previously Alabama's Offensive Coordinator. Rams football teams have met with relative success over the years, including winning or sharing the Mountain West title in 1999, 2000 and 2002. Overall, the Rams are 473–521–33 (.477) (473 wins, 521 losses, and 33 ties), and are 7–7 in bowl games.
Home games have been played at Sonny Lubick Field at Hughes Stadium, located four miles west of the school's campus in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, since 1968. The Rams have long-standing rivalries with Colorado, Wyoming, and Air Force.
History.
Colorado State football goes back 115 seasons, and experienced its most successful run in the 15 seasons under head coach Sonny Lubick (1993–2007). During their history, the Rams have played in five different conferences.
Success under Sonny Lubick.
Since Sonny Lubick took control over the Rams as head coach in 1993, the Rams have made nine bowl appearances. CSU had only two previous bowl appearances. Lubick won nearly 75% of home games in the stadium that would later bear his name, leading the team to six conference titles and a 108–74 record. CSU was consistently a top 25 contender from 1994–2002, with a 79–32 record during that period and 3 top 25 finishes. Lubick, conference coach of the year four times, coached former Denver Broncos Cecil Sapp and current Buffalo Bills offensive tackle Erik Pears, and all-pro NFL linebacker Joey Porter.
Fairchild Era.
On November 27, 2007, following significant drops in attendance and a 17–30 record over the past 4 seasons, including 3–9 in 2007, CSU made the difficult and controversial decision to relieve Lubick of his head coaching duties. The school hired Buffalo Bills offensive coordinator Steve Fairchild to take the helm. Fairchild was a Rams quarterback from 1978–80, and served under Lubick as quarterback's coach and later as offensive coordinator from 1993–2000. The Rams finished the regular season in fourth place in the Mountain West Conference and accepted a bid to the 2008 New Mexico Bowl on December 20, where they defeated the Fresno State Bulldogs. After the early success, the Rams had three 3-9 seasons under Fairchild. At the end of his fourth season with Colorado State, Fairchild was fired by Athletic Director Jack Graham.
McElwain Era.
On December 12, 2011, Graham hired Alabama's offensive coordinator Jim McElwain to replace Fairchild. McElwain's tenure started on a high note due to CSU's 22–17 comeback win over in-state rival Colorado on September 1, 2012. McElwain became the first CSU coach since Jerry Wampfler in 1970 to win his first game and the first in school history to win his debut against CU. The Rams finished 4–8 in McElwain's first year. In 2013, the Rams went 8-6 and defeated the Washington State Cougars in the Gildan New Mexico Bowl.
Bowl Results.
The CSU Rams' first bowl game was the California Raisin Bowl January 1, 1949 against Occidental College. The Rams lost 21–20 despite a tremendous performance from Left Half Eddie Hanna.
Under the coaching of Earle Bruce, Sonny Lubick and Steve Fairchild, the Rams have gone to a total of eleven bowl games since the 1990 football season.
Under Sonny Lubick, the Rams played in their two of their biggest bowl games to date. The first was the 1997 Holiday Bowl 35–24 victory over the Missouri Tigers while the second was the 2000 Liberty Bowl 22–17 victory over the Louisville Cardinals. During both of these winning seasons, the Rams were ranked in the top 25 football teams by both the Coaches and AP Polls.
In the first season under new head coach Steve Fairchild, the CSU Rams were able to beat Fresno State 40–25 in the 2008 New Mexico Bowl. During this game, running back Gartrell Johnson rushed for 285 yards and received five passes for 90 yards for a total of 375 yards, setting an FBS record for most combined rushing and receiving yards in a bowl game.
Under Jim McElwain's second year of coaching the Rams, CSU went to the New Mexico Bowl. On December 21, 2013, the CSU Rams faced the Washington State Cougars. In one of the most memorable comebacks of the decade the Rams were able to score 18 points in the last 4 minutes of regulation game play to defeat the Cougars 48 to 45.
Rivalries.
Colorado.
Eight times since 1998, Colorado State and in-state rival Colorado have faced one another in the Rocky Mountain Showdown, an annual football battle held in Denver at Sports Authority Field at Mile High. The rivalry started in 1893 and was played annually until 1958. After being resurrected in 1983, the game moved to Denver in 1998. Since moving to Sports Authority Field at Mile High, the teams have consistently played before the largest crowds in state history to witness a college sporting event. On August 31, 2009, Colorado State and Colorado signed a 10-year contract extension of the Rocky Mountain Showdown which will bring the game back to Sports Authority Field at Mile High from 2010 to 2019. The game is scheduled to be played at Hughes Stadium in 2020 if the stadium is still the main stage for the Rams at that time.
Wyoming.
The rivalry between CSU and Wyoming – the longest rivalry in each school's history – dates back to 1899. Since 1968, the schools have battled for possession of the Bronze Boot traveling trophy. The bronzed battle boot was worn in Vietnam by CSU alumnus Dan Romero. The boot is currently held by CSU after their victory over Wyoming in October, 2013.
Air Force.
The Ram–Falcon Trophy originated in 1980 to highlight the rivalry between CSU and the U.S. Air Force Academy, located in Colorado Springs. The wood-carved trophy was produced by local artist Bill Wrage. The Air Force ROTC detachment on the CSU campus initiated the creation of the trophy.
Logos and uniforms.
Uniform colors for the period 2003 through 2010 are pictured below:
References.
13. http://www.denverpost.com/csu/ci_19534369

</doc>
<doc id="20074247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074247" title="Marie Line">
Marie Line

Marie Line, also known as Marie Line Marolany or Maro Lany, is a French singer that took part in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 for France.
Life and career.
Marie-Line Marolany was born in Saint-Raphaël, Var on the French Riviera. She has French-Caribbean roots and early on was backing singer in her brothers’ group, Soul Afro Punk. She then started to sing her own compositions in piano bars all over in France and then went to record two albums with Raoul Petite. Afterwards she toured Europe with many famous French singer doing backing vocals.
In 1998 she was chosen to represent France to the Eurovision Song Contest held in Birmingham, with her song '"Ou Aller?" ("Where to?"). The song was totally different from the other pop entries and some suggested that it was a reminder of the French "exotic" and "afro-Caribbean" entries of 1991 and 1992. Though her performance was great and the audience seemed to like it, the song suffered a complete disaster. It was awarded only 3 points (1 point from Cyprus and 2 points from Macedonia) and ranked 24th doing only better than Switzerland. This is the worse French rank to date.
After that Marie Line did not record any of her songs. She continued her career as a backing vocalist and a composer – she is known for have written music for three French movies: Les Caprices d'un fleuve, Cuisine américaine and Agathe Cléry.

</doc>
<doc id="20074263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074263" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 60">
Oregon Ballot Measure 60

Oregon Ballot Measure 60 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20074266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074266" title="Johnson Toribiong">
Johnson Toribiong

Johnson Toribiong (born 22 July 1946) is a Palauan attorney and politician. 
Toribiong became the President of Palau, following his victory in the November 2008 election.
The electorate rejected him in the November 2012 election
Background and earlier career.
Toribiong was born in Airai, one of the states of Palau. He holds a Juris Doctor degree (1972) and a Master of Laws (1973) degree from the University of Washington School of Law. 
He served as ambassador of Palau to the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 2001 to 2008.
He ran for president in the 1992 elections; he attracted 3,188 votes, versus 2,084 for one-term incumbent Ngiratkel Etpison and 3,125 for rival Kuniwo Nakamura; however, as no candidate attracted more than 50% of the vote, Nakamura and Toribiong went on to a runoff election, in which Toribiong was defeated.
President of Palau.
Toribiong was a candidate for President of Palau during the November 2008 presidential election. His running mate for Vice President was Kerai Mariur, a Delegate in the Palau National Congress. Toribiong was opposed by Elias Camsek Chin, the outgoing Palauan Vice President.
Toribiong led the early, unofficial vote tally with 1,629 votes to Chin's 1,499. The lead ultimately held and Toribiong defeated Chin in the election.
Toribiong was sworn into office as President of Palau on January 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20074267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074267" title="Technical Difficulties">
Technical Difficulties

Technical Difficulties may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20074270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074270" title="Shigeo Tokuda">
Shigeo Tokuda

Life and career.
Tokuda was born in August 1934 and worked as a travel agent until his retirement at about age 60. According to Tokuda, "I retired and didn't have anything to do", so he started a second career and life as a porn actor. He had been buying porn videos directly from the production company (he couldn't face getting them at a video store) and had become friendly with a director who suggested he star in a video because "old-people porn" was becoming popular. By 2008, he had made over 350 videos, and according to one director "In his generation, Tokuda is a superstar".
Ruby Productions, which produces his movies, started making "mature" movies with people in their thirties but the popularity of "elder porn" has led them to produce a line with people in their seventies, and Tokuda is their star. Tokuda works with both young and older actresses including a number of videos with 72-year-old Fujiko Ito. Given Japan's large elderly population with a lot of time on their hands, mature porn has become a lucrative market, reportedly accounting for 20-30% of sex movie revenue.
Male actors are usually anonymous in Japanese porn but Tokuda is now featured in his own branded series of videos for Ruby with actresses of various ages. Another studio specializing in elder porn is Glory Quest which launched the "old man" series "Maniac Training of Lolitas" in December 2004 and when that became popular, had Tokuda star with a variety of young AV actresses in the "Forbidden Elderly Care (Forbidden Nursing)" series beginning in August 2006. An additional series "Big Tits Loving Grandfather Erotic Mischief" for Glory Quest began in April 2008. Not all of Tokuda's roles involve sex and he enjoys acting different roles. He has said he hopes to be able to continue working in adult videos until he is 80 (with a laugh).
The 5 foot 3 inch slightly paunchy former "salaryman" is married with two children and a grandson. He says his wife of 45 years suspects he plays some role in the porn industry but doesn't ask any questions and he has kept his "star" status a secret.
Tokuda became a sensation in the West when he was profiled on a CNN report in 2008 and Ruby has plans to release some of his videos in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20074274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074274" title="Sporting boycott of South Africa during the Apartheid era">
Sporting boycott of South Africa during the Apartheid era

South Africa under apartheid was subjected to a variety of international boycotts, including on sporting contacts. There was some debate about whether the aim of the boycott was to end segregation in sport, or to end apartheid altogether.
United Nations.
In 1980, the United Nations began compiling a "Register of Sports Contacts with South Africa". This was a list of sportspeople and official who had participated in events within South Africa. It was compiled mainly from reports in South African newspapers. Being listed did not itself result in any punishment, but was regarded as a moral pressure on athletes. Some sports bodies would discipline athletes based on the register. Athletes could have their names deleted from the register by giving a written undertaking not to return to apartheid South Africa to compete. The register is regarded as having been an effective instrument. 
The UN General Assembly adopted the International Convention against Apartheid in Sports on 10 December 1985.
Olympic Games.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) withdrew its invitation to South Africa to the 1964 Summer Olympics when interior minister Jan de Klerk insisted the team would not be racially integrated. In 1968, the IOC was prepared to readmit South Africa after assurances that its team would be multi-racial; but a threatened boycott by African nations and others forestalled this. The South African Games of 1969 and 1973 were intended to allow Olympic-level competition for South Africans against foreign athletes. South Africa was formally expelled from the IOC in 1970. 
In 1976, African nations demanded that New Zealand be suspended by the IOC for continued contacts with South Africa, including a tour by the New Zealand national rugby union team. When the IOC refused, the African teams withdrew from the games. This contributed to the Gleneagles Agreement being adopted by the Commonwealth in 1977.
The IOC adopted a declaration against "apartheid in sport" on 21 June 1988, for the total isolation of apartheid sport.
Commonwealth Games.
The 1934 British Empire Games, originally awarded in 1930 to Johannesburg, was moved to London after the (pre-apartheid) South Africa government refused to allow nonwhite participants. South Africa continued to participate in every Games until it left the Commonwealth in 1961.
By sport.
The extent of boycotting varied between different sport, in the degree of contact permitted and the severity of punishment of "rebels" who defied the sanctions.
Athletics.
In track and field athletics, a motion to suspend South Africa from the IAAF was defeated in 1966, but had been passed by 1970. Zola Budd's time for the women's 5,000m in January 1984 was not ratified as a world record because it was outside the auspices of the IAAF.
Cricket.
Cricket had been organised on racial lines in South Africa from its earliest days with the coloured cricketer Krom Hendricks excluded from provincial and national teams from the 1890s. However, the cricketing boycott was prompted by the reaction of the South African authorities to the selection of Basil D'Oliveira, a "Cape Coloured" South African, by the England national cricket team in 1968. The 1970 South African tour of England was called off and replaced by a "Rest of the World" tour featuring many South African players. The International Cricket Conference (ICC) imposed a moratorium on tours in 1970. There were several private tours in the 1970s and "rebel" tours in the 1980s. Participants in the latter were banned by their national federations upon returning. World Series Cricket, run outside the auspices of the ICC in 1977–9, included South African players in its "Rest of the World" team.
Golf.
In the World Cup, the Greek government banned South Africa from the 1979 competition in Athens. South Africa competed in the 1980 edition in Caracas. The prospect of their appearing in the 1981 edition, due to be staged at Waterville in Ireland, caused it to be cancelled. South Africa did not reappear until the post-apartheid era in 1992. 
South African golfers continued to play around the world, including PGA Tour, European Tour, and Grand Slam events. Outside golfers competed freely in South African Tour events. The Million Dollar Challenge at the Sun City resort regularly attracted some of the world's top golfers. The Official World Golf Ranking included South African Tour events in its calculations from its instigation in 1986.
Motor sport.
South African Jody Scheckter was the 1979 Formula One champion. The South African Formula One Grand Prix and the South African motorcycle Grand Prix were held in 1985 for the final time until the end of apartheid. Various teams boycotted the 1985 Formula One race, some teams in this international motorsport boycotting as part of pressure from their own governments, as part of the mounting pressure against apartheid.
Rugby union.
South Africa remained a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB) throughout the apartheid era. Halt All Racist Tours was established in New Zealand in 1969 to oppose continued tours to and from South Africa. Apartheid South Africa's last foreign tour was to New Zealand in 1981. This tour was highly controversial due to the difference of opinions. Though contacts were restricted after the Gleneagles Agreement in 1977, there were controversial tours in 1980 by the British Lions and by France, in 1981 by Ireland, and in 1984 by England. In 1986, though a Lions tour was cancelled, South Africans played in all-star matches in Cardiff and in London marking the IRB centenary. South Africa was excluded from the first two Rugby World Cups, in 1987 and 1991.
Football.
South Africa was suspended from FIFA in 1963. Stanley Rous, FIFA's President, went to negotiate its reinstatement. The South African FA proposed entering an all-white team in the 1966 World Cup and an all-black team in the 1970 World Cup. This proposal was rejected.
Table tennis.
The South African Table Tennis Board (SATTB), a body founded in contravention to the white South African table tennis board, was replaced for the latter by the International Table Tennis Federation. While the SATTB team was able to participate in the world championships held in Stockholm in 1957, team members were immediately refused passports by the government. It ruled that no black could compete internationally except through the white sports body.
Tennis.
The South Africa Davis Cup team was ejected from the 1970 Davis Cup, in part thanks to campaigning by Arthur Ashe. It was reinstated in 1973 and won the 1974 Davis Cup after India refused to travel to South Africa for the final. South Africa were subsequently barred from the team competition, but South African players competed on the pro tours; Johan Kriek and Kevin Curren reached Grand Slam finals, though both later became naturalised US citizens.
End of apartheid.
With the end of apartheid, sports rapidly ended their boycotts. The European Community announced its member governments' ending of the boycott in June 1991. India, which vehemently opposed South Africa's apartheid policy and was at the forefront of isolating the country internationally at all levels, ended its boycott in 1991 by inviting the South African cricket team to the country for an ODI series and subsequently allowed the Indian cricket team to tour South Africa for a Test and ODI series in late 1992. The country's hosting and winning of the 1995 Rugby World Cup was a powerful boost to post-apartheid South Africa's return to the international sporting scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20074278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074278" title="Constantine's Bridge (Mysia)">
Constantine's Bridge (Mysia)

The Constantine's Bridge was a late antique bridge in Mysia, modern-day Turkey.
The structure, built after 258 AD, crossed the river Rhyndacus (modern "Adırnas Çayı") at Lopadium (modern Uluabat). It was crowned in Byzantine times by a chapel dedicated by Saint Helena to emperor Constantine I (r. 324–337 AD). Only few remains have survived: at the beginning of the 20th century, the English archaeologist Frederick William Hasluck reported no arch as complete, and only a few ruined piers on the north bank. The masonry consisted of ashlar-faced rubble. 
Apart from Constantine's Bridge, other partly remarkably well preserved Roman bridges have survived in Mysia, known by the rivers they cross as the Makestos Bridge, the Aesepus Bridge and the White Bridge over the Granicus.

</doc>
<doc id="20074281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074281" title="Wearable Computing Group">
Wearable Computing Group

The Wearable Computing Group is a research group at the University of Oregon that focuses on the development and evaluation of wearable and mobile computing technology for facilitating and augmenting human collaboration. 
Started in 1995 by Professor Zary Segell and Ph.D Student Gerd Kortuem, the group specializes in exploring the community aspects of wireless, wearable and peer-to-peer technologies.
Personal Area Network.
P2P computing and wireless network technologies has made the design of ad hoc networks of mobile devices to support the ad hoc networks of the people who wear them. This fundamental unit cited by Kortuem and other computing researches is known as the personal area network.
Kortuem treats the personal area networks as building blocks of a dynamic community of networks with emergent capabilities of its own. The community of personal area network users within a geographic location functions as a wireless mess network, dynamically self organizing a cloud of brad-band connectivity as nodes came in and out of physical proximity, providing always-on Internet connection to members. With Bluetooth technology, member of the communities allow engagement in more timely information exchange face to face and WiFi technologies provides the infrastructure for neighbourhood-wide and Internet-wide communication.
Auranet.
Auranet is the University of Oregon's Wearable Computing groups implementation of a wearable community. The Auranet is the network of computing devices that exist in a person's social space or "Aura". The Auranet is where people and their personal computing devices have face-to-face encounters. 
The idea of wearable community is based on the belief that non-monetary exchange of value is the essence of community. A community is about helping each other, about shared values, and creating and managing mutually beneficial relations. In that respect, wearable communities are similar to community web sites on the Internet. Their common goal is to use technology to enhance the spirit of cooperation. But what community sites do it in Cyberspace, wearable communities do in real life.
Distributed reputation system.
Wearable devices can share bandwidths by acting as nodes in an ad hoc wireless network, which can exchange media and messages using links between individual nodes to transmit data. However, when members of the communities allow their computers to automatically exchange information, issues of trust and privacy intervene.
In order for mobile ad hoc communities to self-organized properly, a trust system is needed to make people feel secure about their privacy and trust to allow effective contribution of their personal area network. The group has therefore prototyped a distributed reputation system, that uses encryption techniques to secure wearable community infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="20074320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074320" title="Donika Kastrioti">
Donika Kastrioti

Donika Kastrioti (née Arianiti Muzaka) was an Albanian noblewoman, the daughter of Gjergj Arianiti, one of the greatest leaders in the war against the Ottoman Empire for more than two decades, and his first wife Maria Muzaka. Donika is known as the spouse of George Kastrioti Skanderbeg.
Life.
Donika was born in Kaninë, in 1428. Her father was Gjergj Arianiti, of the Arianiti family, whose domain stretched across the Shkumbin valley and the old Via Egnatia road and reached to the east today's Bitola. Her mother was Maria Muzaka, of the Muzaka family, whose domain was the Myzeqe region.
A month after the Treaty of Gaeta (in which Skanderbeg became a vassal of Alfonso the Magnanimous in exchange for military aid), on 21 April 1451, Skanderbeg married Donika, and thus strengthened the ties with the Arianiti's, in the Eastern Orthodox Ardenica Monastery, in Fier, present-day southwestern Albania.
Her sister, Angelina, was married to Serbian ruler Stefan Branković, and is venerated as a saint in the Serbian Orthodox Church.
After the Ottoman conquest of Albania, the Kastrioti's were given peerage in the Kingdom of Naples. They obtained a feudal domain, the Duchy of San Pietro in Galatina and the County of Soleto (Province of Lecce, Italy). Gjon Kastrioti II, Donika's and Skanderbeg's only child, married Irene Branković Palaiologina, the daughter of Lazar Branković, Despot of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20074354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074354" title="Lou Engle">
Lou Engle

Lou Engle is an American charismatic Christian leader, best known for his leadership of The Call, a program that hosts twelve-hour prayer rallies, and his association with prominent members of the Christian Right. Engle was a senior leader of the International House of Prayer and has assisted in the establishment of several smaller "houses" of prayer.
Ministry.
Engle has been organizing large prayer rallies since 1999, with hundreds of thousands of people in multiple countries participating. The size of these events, in addition to Engle's political statements, has raised his prominence among the Christian Right. Journalist Bruce Wilson referred to Engle as "the unofficial prayer leader of the Republican Party". In addition to these meetings, Engle established several small houses of prayer through his Justice House of Prayer ministry. These ministries are often located near prominent landmarks, such as Harvard University or the United States Supreme Court. The locations of the ministries are strategically chosen, to specifically contend issues such as abortion. 
In 2008, Engle focused the attention of his prayer groups towards supporting California's Proposition 8 ballot measure. He organized 24-hour protests in front of the United States Supreme Court, whereby the young participants symbolized the powerlessness of terminated fetuses by placing tape over their mouths with the word "LIFE" written on it.
Prayer and politics.
Engle has focused on the issue of abortion. He frequently encourages his audiences to pray that the Roe vs Wade Supreme Court ruling will be overturned and to vote for "pro-life" political candidates. Taking a firm stand on issues traditionally associated with the Christian Right, Engle's events have drawn support from Evangelical leaders such as Mike Huckabee and Tony Perkins. He criticized other Evangelical leaders regarding the issue of political correctness. 
Engle maintains that issues such as abortion and homosexuality should remain at the center of the evangelical movement. In keeping with his stance on these issues, Engle has been sharply critical of U.S. President Barack Obama, claiming that his beliefs "counter my convictions and the convictions of masses of believing Americans."
Controversy.
Engle was described by Joe Conason as a "radical theocrat. The Southern Poverty Law Center says he can occasionally "venture into bloodlust." 
While living in Washington, D.C. Engle was briefly a roommate of then-Senator Sam Brownback. Brownback later spoke at The Call Nashville rally and worked with him while drafting Senate apologies to Native Americans and African-Americans. Brownback's association with Engle became an issue in his successful run for Governor of Kansas. During the campaign, the Kansas Democratic Party ran ads criticizing his association with Engle. Brownback stated that he had not spoken to Engle in several months and that they disagreed on some issues.
In May 2010, Engle traveled to Uganda and organized a rally there through The Call. During the rally, he praised the Ugandan government's efforts to combat homosexuality, which included the Ugandan anti-homosexuality bill which called for life imprisonment or the death penalty for gays and lesbians with AIDS who engage in sexual relations. Engle later claimed that he opposes the Ugandan bill and called for the church to examine its own sins and to oppose violence against homosexuals, but he did not reject the criminalization of homosexuality.
Engle was featured in the 2006 film Jesus Camp, briefly in the 2012 film Call Me Kuchu and in the 2013 film God Loves Uganda.
Personal life.
As of March 2013 Engle resides in Kansas City, MO. He and his wife Therese have seven children. He is known for his gravelly voice, cheerful demeanor, and vigorous rocking back and forth while praying and speaking.

</doc>
<doc id="20074357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074357" title="Ueli Wiget">
Ueli Wiget

Ueli Wiget (born in Winterthur, 1957) is a Swiss pianist, harpsichordist and harpist.
He was prized at the 1985 Sydney Competition. Since 1986 Wiget is a member of the Ensemble Modern, a chair he combines with an international concert career.

</doc>
<doc id="20074363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074363" title="Monster X (band)">
Monster X (band)

Monster X were a straight edge grindcore band from Albany, New York. 
The band formed in 1992 out of the ashes of Intent, and PNA. Members of MX Went on to play in Dropdead, Devoid Of Faith, Das Oath, and By The Throat. The Band were one of the few straightedge bands not playing the typical mosh core sound of the time period. Instead the band played fast, brutal guttural powerviolence grindcore. 
MX were also known for their thought provoking lyrics, which took on many of the political and social issues of the day. On top of that they wrote about their personal choice to live a drug-free straight edge life. They wrote about their support for the legalization of drugs, and their intolerance for organized religion. The krishna movement had become pretty big within the hardcore punk scene at this time. Monster X made it known how they felt about religion in punk rock. 
Vocalist John Moran Did many of the bands releases on his label Hater Of God. Guitarist Nate Wilson did the posi youth 7” on his label Gloom Records. 
The band played their final show in 1998 at the Monster X house with Dropdead, and Skinless.

</doc>
<doc id="20074373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074373" title="Butler SQL">
Butler SQL

Butler SQL is a now-defunct SQL-based database server for the "classic" Mac OS from EveryWare Development. For much of its history it was partnered with another EveryWare product, Tango, that built dynamic database pages from SQL data. The product eventually ended up with Pervasive Software, although it is no longer sold.
Butler was introduced to take advantage of new a Mac OS component known as the Data Access Manager (DAM), which was similar in concept to ODBC, allowing end-user client programs to access various data sources. Butler itself used another Apple technology, Data Access Language (DAL), which was a variant of SQL that included additional flow-control and data manipulation instructions. Butler spoke DAL as its native internal language, and supplied a number of DAM extensions to provide connectivity over a variety of networking systems. Butler 2.0, released in May 1996, added direct ODBC links as well.
Butler suffered from performance problems due to the single-user nature of the Mac OS. In particular, file access was single-threaded and multitasking was coordinated by the applications, not the operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="20074412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074412" title="Order of Corporate Reunion">
Order of Corporate Reunion

The Order of Corporate Reunion is an ecumenical association of clergy and laity of Anglican origin, founded by Frederick George Lee, Thomas Mossman and Joseph Seccombe in London in 1874. It is an Anglo-Papalist society, founded to continue the work of the APUC and to restore an apostolic succession recognised by the Roman Catholic Church, through reordinations, as a means for reunion. The Order affirms and supports what is Catholic in Anglicanism and in other Christian churches. It encourages work and prayer for Christian Unity especially the Week of Prayer for Christian Unity celebrated January 18 to 25. 
The Order of Corporate Reunion regards valid apostolic succession as an essential aspect of the church Catholic. It preserves and protects its own apostolic succession. 
Peter Paul Brennan became primate of the order, succeeding Bertil Persson, who became primate emeritus.

</doc>
<doc id="20074413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074413" title="Mike Margulis">
Mike Margulis

Mike Margulis (born August 30, 1950 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Margulis remains a mysterious character. The only verifiable fact about him is that he played one game for the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Some references state that he attended St. Louis University, but he is not listed in the school’s soccer records.
Regardless, Margulis was called into the Olympic team for the 1972 Summer Olympics. He played the third, and final, U.S. game of the tournament, a 7-0 loss to West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20074420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074420" title="Over Woodhouse">
Over Woodhouse

Over Woodhouse is a suburban area lying just North-West of Bolsover Towncentre, Derbyshire, just to the North of Bolsover Castle, on a hill facing it. The whole area is hemed-in by the A632, the B6419 to Shuttlewood, and two other roads which join together and lead to B6418 to Shuttlewood,lying just East of the former Bolsover Colliery. 
It consists primarily of one large Post-World War II housing estate. Though there are some older properties within it.

</doc>
<doc id="20074431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074431" title="Dana Fox">
Dana Fox

Dana Fox (born July 16, 1976) is an American screenwriter best known as the writer of the 2005 film "The Wedding Date", the 2008 film "What Happens in Vegas" and the television comedy series "Ben and Kate".
Career.
Fox graduated from Stanford University in 1998 with a degree in English and art history, and went on to attend the University of Southern California (USC), where she took part in the USC School of Cinematic Arts' Peter Stark Producing Program and graduated in 2000. She had originally intended to become a film producer, but when assigned a homework task at USC to write a 30-page screenplay, she found that she enjoyed writing more and decided to become a screenwriter instead. She became an assistant to writers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar while they were creating the Superman television series "Smallville", and later worked for writer-director John August.
While represented by Gough and Millar's agent, established screenwriter Jessica Bendinger sought after an unpublished writer who would work inexpensively on a screenplay. Fox had not yet written a sample screenplay, but Bendinger was so impressed with her ideas for the story that Fox was hired to write the script. The produced film was "The Wedding Date", which ultimately was panned by critics but a financial success. After "The Wedding Date"s release, she was attached to three separate writing projects. Her next produced screenplay was "What Happens in Vegas", which was bought by 20th Century Fox in a high six-figure deal in the script's first draft and which stars Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher. After "What Happens in Vegas" was bought, Fox performed rewrites on "27 Dresses" (2008) and "Knight and Day" (2010), and was named one of "Variety" magazine's "10 Screenwriters to Watch" of 2007.
In 2012, Fox developed a half hour comedy for FOX based loosely on her older brother. The show, "Ben and Kate", premiered on September 25, 2012.
Fox is good friends with fellow writers Diablo Cody ("Juno"), Lorene Scafaria ("Nick and Nora's Infinite Playlist"), and Liz Meriwether (No Strings Attached) who she collaborates with in their writing group they call the "Fempire". In 2012, Fox and the "Fempire" received the Athena Film Festival Award for Creativity and Sisterhood.
Personal life.
Fox currently lives in Los Angeles, California, where she works with fellow writers—who call themselves best friends—Diablo Cody ("Juno") and Lorene Scafaria ("Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist") in a writing group they jokingly call "The Fempire". Fox married Quinn Emmett on October 23, 2010 at Historic Jamestowne in Williamsburg, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20074445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074445" title="GN Store Nord">
GN Store Nord

GN Store Nord A/S is a Danish manufacturer of 
headset company (Jabra (GN Netcom)), and a hearing instruments and audiological diagnostics equipment company (GN ReSound).
History.
It was founded as The Great Northern Telegraph Company (Det Store Nordiske Telegrafselskab A/S) in Denmark in June 1869. It was set up as a merger of three recently established telegraph companies initiated by Carl Frederik Tietgen. The aim of the firm was to create a worldwide telegraph company.
Business.
Today, GN Store Nord is a manufacturer of Jabra brand headsets through its GN Netcom division and of hearing instruments and audiological diagnostics equipment under the GN ReSound brand. 
Stock listing.
GN is listed on NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen (ISIN code DK001027263-2).
Headquarters.
This company's headquarters is located at Lautrupbjerg 7 in Ballerup near Copenhagen. Its former headquarters in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen was built in 1893 and still stands.

</doc>
<doc id="20074490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074490" title="List of Minnesota Twins Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Minnesota Twins Opening Day starting pitchers

The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They play in the American League Central division. They formerly played in Washington, D.C. as the Washington Senators before moving to Minnesota after the 1960 season. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Twins have used 26 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 51 seasons in Minnesota. Starters have a combined Opening Day record of 14 wins, 25 losses and 12 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
Brad Radke holds the Minnesota Twins record for most Opening Day starts with nine. He has a record in Opening Day starts for the Twins of four wins and two losses (4–2) with three no decisions. Bert Blyleven had six Opening Day starts for the Twins and Frank Viola had four. Radke has the record for most wins in Minnesota Twins Opening Day starts with four. Liván Hernández, Mudcat Grant, and Dean Chance share the best winning percentage in Opening Day starts with one win and no losses (1–0) each. Kevin Tapani has the worst winning percentage, losing both Opening Day starts he made for the Twins (0–2).
Overall, Minnesota Twins Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of 4–7 with three no decisions at Metropolitan Stadium and a 1–4 record with one no decision at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. Their first home opener in their current ballpark of Target Field was in 2013. This gives their Opening Day starting pitchers' combined home record 5–11 with four no no decisions. Their away record is 9–14 with eight no decisions. The Twins went on to play in the World Series in , , and , winning in 1987 and 1991. The Twins lost both Opening Day games in the years in which they won the World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="20074491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074491" title="Charles Isidore Douin">
Charles Isidore Douin

Charles Isidore Douin (1858 – 1944) was a French bryologist who was a native of Bouville, Eure-et-Loir.
He taught school in Chartres, and was the author of a highly regarded work on mosses and liverworts titled "Nouvelle flore des mousses et des hépatiques pour la détermination facile des espèces" (1892). He also published a book involving bryology of Eure-et-Loir, "Muscinées d'Eure-et-Loir" (1906).
The liverwort genus "Douinia" from the family Scapaniaceae is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20074494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074494" title="Mitchell Hanson">
Mitchell Hanson

Mitchell Gene Ben Hanson (born 2 September 1988) is an English footballer who plays for Northern Premier League Division One South side Gresley.
A defender, he spent 2006 to 2011 at Derby County, playing on loan at Port Vale and Notts County, before signing with Eastwood Town via Oxford United in 2011, where he became joint-caretaker-manager in October 2012. He moved to Gresley in Summer 2013.
Club career.
Born in Derby, Derbyshire, Hanson had extensive reserve team experience and made his debut for the reserve team whilst a schoolboy. Hanson's first taste of first team at Derby was appearing as an unused substitute in the 5–0 defeat away to Reading in April 2006. Hanson, who graduated through the academy, signed his first professional contract with Derby in June 2007. After struggling to break into Paul Jewell's first team, Hanson joined League One strugglers Port Vale on a season long loan, despite struggling with a calf injury. He returned to Derby in April 2008, without making a first team appearance for the "Valiants".
He made his first team debut for Derby as an 89th minute substitute in a 4–1 victory over Brighton & Hove Albion on 4 November 2008. and joined Notts County on a months loan in November 2008. He returned to Derby County on New Years Day 2009, after having appeared in five league games for the "Magpies" He signed a new two-year deal with the "Rams" in January 2009.
Early in the 2009–10 season, Hanson sustained a dislocated kneecap which ruled him out of contention for a year, eventually resuming full training in late September 2010. He returned to action with a 60-minute appearance in the reserves 3–1 defeat at Rotherham United the following month. After failing to break into the first team picture, Hanson's Derby contract was cancelled by mutual consent five months early in January 2011. He played for Oxford United reserves on trial in February 2011. Two months later he signed a contract until the end of the season; he made two substitute appearances for the club and was not offered a new contract in the summer.
In September 2011, he signed for Conference North club Eastwood Town. The "Badgers" suffered relegation in last place in 2011–12, winning just four games all season. He was appointed caretaker manager, alongside Paul Riley, following the departure of former manager John Ramshaw in October 2012.
He signed with Gresley of Northern Premier League Division One South in September 2013. 
International career.
Hanson has played for England at under-18 level, showing his versatility by adapting to a holding midfielder role, rather than his preferred position in defence.

</doc>
<doc id="20074502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074502" title="Leontes Bridge">
Leontes Bridge

The Leontes Bridge is a Roman segmental arch bridge in Lebanon; it crosses the Litani River (the ancient Leontes) in the vicinity of Nahr Abou Assouad, 10 km north of Tyre. The bridge, which is dated to the 3rd or 4th century AD, features a comparatively flat arch with a span-to-rise ratio of 3.1 to 1.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20074510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074510" title="Joerg Deisinger">
Joerg Deisinger

Joerg Deisinger is the former bassist and a founding member of the German ‘80s melodic rock band, Bonfire.
Early Life and Bonfire.
Deisinger was born in Nuremberg, Germany on 23 April 1966. His pre-teen obsession with learning how to play guitar eventually became a full fledged pursuit of becoming a rock star. When it became clear he had a genuine chance of realizing his dream, Deisinger quit his apprenticeship as an electrician to devote himself to music full-time.
Deisinger joined German hard rock band as a bassist Cacumen in 1985, which would change its name to Bonfire in May 1986 in the interest of having a catchier moniker to push their new album, Don't Touch the Light. The name was suggested by Deisinger and after some consideration replaced Cacumen. He recorded four albums with the band – Don't Touch the Light (1986), Fireworks (1987), Point Blank (1989), and Knock Out (1991). During his time with the band touring Europe extensively with acts such as Victory, Krokus, ZZ Top and Judas Priest. They sold almost 750,000 albums over a four-year period even though the North American market failed to embrace Bonfire as Europe had. Deisinger played his last show with Bonfire on 29 July 1994.
On 3 July 1996, a one-time one-payment offer was made by Claus Lessmann and original Bonfire guitarist Hans Ziller to buy the band name back from Deisinger, guitarist Angel Schleifer and drummer Edgar Patrik, as the trio had no desire to resurrect Bonfire.
After Bonfire.
Deisinger went on to record two albums with Paul Sabu (self-titled – 1996, Between The Light – 1998). In 1999 he formed Soul Doctor with Fair Warning singer Tommy Heart, and while the band’s 2001 self-titled debut held promise, the 2003 follow-up, "Systems Go Wild", suffered from creative differences between Deisinger and Heart. Following its release, Deisinger left the band in April 2003.
In 2003 Deisinger received a Gold record for Bonfire's "Fireworks" album, which had officially sold 250,000 copies in Germany alone, since its 1987 release.
Deisinger relocated to Thailand in 2004. In addition to doing occasional live gigs as a session player, he opened an English school in Sichon with his girlfriend. In December of that year, the last minute cancellation of a planned Christmas vacation to Koh Phi Phi Don ultimately saved Deisinger’s life; the tsunami that decimated parts of Thailand, Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Malaysia on 26 December 2004 laid waste to the resort where he was supposed to be staying.
On 17 March 2005 Deisinger returned to Nuremberg, Germany and started working as a freelance photographer, eventually founding Deisinger Photography, which specializes in wedding, travel and event photographs and portfolios.
Fire And Fame.
In 2005 Deisinger approached Canadian music journalist and writer Carl Begai about co-writing his memoirs, which focused on his Bonfire career. The project, eventually dubbed Fire And Fame by Carl, wrapped up in late 2007 and was released independently in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20074515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074515" title="Baba Sampana">
Baba Sampana

Baba Sampana (born 14 December 1990 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian football player currently playing for the United Football League side Loyola Meralco Sparks F.C. in the Philippines .
Career.
He joined in January 2008 from Shelter Force to Real Sportive, who played 1 year he left then Real Sportive with a move to Eleven Wise in 2009 and in August 2009 signed for Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
International.
He was member for Ghana national under-17 football team in 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic. On 19 August 2008 was first called for the Satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="20074550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074550" title="Dalí-Jewels">
Dalí-Jewels

Dalí-Joies is a permanent exhibition at the Dalí Theatre and Museum in Figueres, Catalonia, Spain, for which the architect Òscar Tusquets has completely refurbished a building annexed to the museum. The two floors that house the collection of jewels have an entrance independent from that of the museum, and can therefore be visited separately. The exhibition, includes the thirty-seven jewels in gold and precious stones from the old Owen Cheatham collection, two jewels made later, and the twenty-seven drawings and paintings on paper that Salvador Dalí made in designing the jewels. The whole forms an extensive collection of works carried out by the artist between 1941 and 1970, providing a perfect illustration of the various phases of his artistic development.
With the consultancy and supervision of the Spanish Gemmology Association, the collection was acquired by the Gala-Salvador Dalí Foundation from a Japanese organisation in 1999. Since that time, the Association’s experts, in collaboration with technicians from the Foundation’s Conservation Department and the Dalí Study Centre, have been cataloguing each of the pieces and designing a permanent exhibition for them.
History.
The history of these jewels started in 1941. The first 22 were acquired by the US millionaire Cummins Catherwood. Salvador Dalí made the designs for the pieces on paper, with all kinds of details and great precision of shapes, materials and colours, while they were made up in New York by the team of the Argentinean-born silversmith Carlos Alemany under the close supervision of the artist himself. In 1958 they were acquired by The Owen Cheatham Foundation, a prestigious US foundation created in 1934 that lent the jewel collection out so that various charitable, educational and cultural organisations could raise funds by exhibiting it, and finally deposited it at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond. Dalí, in collaboration with the Dutch American framemaker Henry Heydenryk, Jr. and Alemany, created special settings and illuminated frames for a traveling exhibition of the jewels sponsored by the Cheatham Foundation. The collection of jewels had already been exhibited temporarily at the Dalí Theatre-Museum in Figueres during the months of August and September 1973, a year before the Museum was inaugurated and while the Master was still alive. In 1981 the collection was acquired by a Saudi multimillionaire, and later by three Japanese entities, the last of which agreed to sell it to the Gala-Salvador Dalí Foundation.
Collection.
All the pieces in the collection are unique items, and the combination of materials, dimensions and shapes used by Salvador Dalí make this a one-off set in which the artist managed to express in a unique way the wealth of his singular iconography. Gold, platinum, precious stones (diamonds, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, aquamarines, topazes, etc.), pearls, corals and other noble materials combine to form hearts, lips, eyes, plant and animal forms, religious and mythological symbols and anthropomorphic forms.
As well as designing the forms of the jewels, Salvador Dalí personally selected each of the materials used, not only for their colours or value but also for their meaning and the symbolic connotations of each and every one of the previous stones and noble metals. Some of the jewels that form part of this collection, such as The Eye of Time (1949), Royal Heart (1953), or The Space Elephant (1961), have become key works and are considered to be as exceptional as some of his paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="20074558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074558" title="Harry W. Wellford">
Harry W. Wellford

Harry Walker Wellford (born August 1924) is a former federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Wellford earned a bachelor's degree in 1947 from Washington and Lee University and a law degree in 1950 from Vanderbilt University Law School.
Professional career.
Wellford served in the United States Navy as an ensign from 1944 until 1946, and he worked in private legal practice in Memphis from 1950 until 1970. He also was active in political affairs, managing the successful campaigns of Howard Baker for U.S. Senate in 1966 and Winfield Dunn for Governor of Tennessee in 1970.
Federal judicial service.
On November 24, 1970, President Richard Nixon nominated Wellford to a newly created seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee. Wellford was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 11, 1970.
Failed nomination to the Sixth Circuit.
On August 4, 1976, President Gerald Ford nominated Wellford to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit to replace William Ernest Miller, who had died on April 12, 1976. Civil rights groups objected to Wellford's nomination. And with the nomination coming so late in Ford's presidency, the United States Senate never took a vote on Wellford's nomination before Ford left office. President Jimmy Carter declined to renominate Wellford when he took office, appointing Gilbert S. Merritt, Jr. instead.
Successful nomination to the Sixth Circuit.
On July 27, 1982, President Ronald Reagan nominated Wellford to a different seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit to replace Bailey Brown, who had taken senior status. The United States Senate confirmed Wellford on August 20, 1982.
Wellford took senior status on January 15, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20074570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074570" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 58">
Oregon Ballot Measure 58

Oregon Ballot Measure 58 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20074588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074588" title="Daniel Granger (Doctors)">
Daniel Granger (Doctors)

Dr. Daniel Granger MBBS is a fictional character in the soap opera "Doctors", portrayed by Matthew Chambers. He made his first appearance on 9 July 2007. He temporarily departed "Doctors" in 2012.
Storylines.
On arrival, Daniel was clearly hiding some dangerous secrets. After stealing a wad of cash from his former Practice partner in London, he used the money to clear part of a £200,000 debt he had run up as a result of an out of control gambling addiction. Not content on facing up to his problem, his addiction spiralled out of control when he came face to face with a couple of criminals to whom he owed money. They kept Melody Bell and Joe Fenton hostage as bait to lure Daniel into repaying them. After the ordeal, Daniel came to terms with his addiction and turned himself into the police. He was later faced with a tribunal and the possibility of being struck-off.
In Series 10, his colleague Ruth Pearce had symptoms of mental illness and she locked him in the sick bay. While holding him captive, Ruth had tried to save a patient from a heart attack, psychotically declaring and pretending to be her friend nurse Michelle Corrigan. Daniel tried to escape from a window, which injured his leg. When Daniel saved the patient from a near death experience, he called Melody Bell, warning her that Ruth may be suffering from a breakdown. This led Melody referring Ruth to a mental health institute, under the Mental Health Act to keep her from endangering herself and others.
Daniel has recently taken a liking to new nurse Cherry Malone. Cherry knocked Daniel back much to his disappointment. Daniel was upset recently to learn that a patient Cybil Lambert had died. She liked Daniel very much, and left him £50,000 in her will. Daniel splashed out on a new sports car and flash apartment. He upset Lily by not telling her he was moving out. Lily later told him she would be glad to see the back of him from her place. Since his windfall Daniel has been keen to impress new GP Zara Carmichael. She came over to his flat but Zara ended the relationship within the same day, stating that they needed to get it out of the way before they could work together. Cybil Lambert's son Malcolm, sold a story to the Letherbridge newspaper, about Daniel conning Cybil. Julia saw it and called a meeting with Lily and Heston about it. Daniel claimed to Lily Hassan that he shouldn't have to apologise because the money was a gift, however Lily insisted that he should. Daniel went over to The Mill to see Julia. He tried to explain that he kept the money for the benefit of his daughter, but she was having none of it. With his own hard work and the backing of the partners Daniel has now opened the "Granger Clinic", a botox clinic which is run in The Mill. The other doctors are quite unwilling to help in his enterprise and since he seems to have little sense of advertising and sales, resorts to unorthodox techniques to get customers, including plying Simon Bond with cream horns and drinks to attempt to get him to encourage his homosexual friends to have treatment.
Daniel is enrolled on a team building course with Zara by Julia Parsons, after she is fed up of constantly seeing Daniel and Zara arguing with each other at the surgery, much to their annoyance. At the lesson, he tries his best to comfort Zara when the whole class was assigned to tell each other about their personal life. She emotionally talked about her father and his imprisonment and that she was helping him battle to prove his innocence of manslaughter. They get very close and nearly kissed. Beforehand, Daniel talked about Izzy to the whole class.
Zara had slept with Daniel numerous times. She pretended to be his girlfriend so Daniel could have access to his daughter, Isobel. On Tuesday 27 July, Daniel took Zara bowling, and they officially became an item. In October 2010, Zara starting having hot flushes and menopausal symptoms whilst Daniel was present. He at first asks if there is anything wrong, and if shes pregnant, but she lies and says it's probably just PMT. Viewers can see lying to Daniel is getting to her. Zara finally comes clean about the menopause, and Daniel can't seem to say anything right. Zara thinks Daniel wants to end the relationship a couple of days later. Misreading the situation, she ends it first. Daniel traps Zara in her office and they get back together. They are seen leaving the Mill holding hands.
Daniel tells Zara to pack her suncream as they are going on holiday. Zara is very excited, however whilst out shopping with Daniel and Isobel, his daughter, Izzy is taken from a carousel ride. After a lot of looking and searching, Zara tracks down the abductors, follows one onto a motorway bridge, and talks her into giving Isobel back. During this we hear about how much she loves Daniel, and that she has had her eggs frozen. After this, Daniel cruelly dumps Zara for Lisa, leaving Zara devastated. Daniel does not currently appear to seem happy with Lisa. In April 2011, Daniel and Zara get back together. In mid-April Lisa leaves Letherbridge, this means that Daniel only gets to see Izzy every other weekends. On Tuesday 19 April, Zara met up with her father - who is desprete to have a grandchild. This meeting leaves Zara feeling empty & broody. On Wednesday 20 April 2011 Zara is shown pretending she is pregnant with a coat up her shirt, Heston walks in and she is left in tears.
Over May, June and July 2011, Daniel and Zara tried IVF. They were left devastated when they discovered it hadn't worked and Zara wasn't pregnant. However, they are going to try again at some point, and we can only hope. When Zara arrives for work on the Friday the 5th of August, she is nursing the mother of all hangovers. During the day Zara seems to get better until lunch when she sees everyone eating and has to run to the toilets to be sick. When she and Daniel arrive home, he makes her marmite toast to combat the hangover but this only makes her feel worse. Knowing what this could mean Daniel rushes out to a chemist, when he returns Zara is sitting on the bed with a pregnancy test in her hands. After Daniel tells her he loves her, she reveals the results of the test, and both she and Daniel are overjoyed to discover that she is pregnant.
On February 13, 2012, Zara goes into early labour at the Mill. However, Daniel is unaware of this as he's gone to town with friend and colleague Jimmi Clay as the pair, along with Jimmi's friend Franklyn, have gone shopping for trousers for Jimmi's impending wedding. Daniel is driven back to the Mill and holds his newborn baby boy for the first time. Daniel, his baby and Zara are taken to hospital. Following a phone call from his maternal uncle Dr Joe Fenton, the couple decides to name their son Joe.
Isobel Torres.
Isobel 'Izzy' Torres first appeared on 15 December 2008 and was originally played by twins Jasmin and Nicole Parkinson. In 2012 the role was recast with Maizey Corbett now playing the role. The adult version of Izzie - seen in If a Tree Falls was played by Laura Fedorowycz. When Izzy first came on to the soap she was looked after by her father, Daniel Granger at his colleagues, Lily Hassan's house. Daniel and Izzy built up a strong relationship with each other but in January 2009 Izzy's mother, Lisa turned up and took Izzy away from Daniel. Lisa let Daniel see Izzy but after a while it seemed to stop. That was because jealous colleague of Daniel, Ruth Pearce who is his former girlfriend told Lisa about his past of gambling and prostitution. Lisa then took Izzy away. After many occasions Izzy saw her father but something always seemed to go wrong with Daniel. Daniel has recently opened a botox clinic at the Mill and hopes it will give him enough money to get access to see Izzy. In November 2010, Isobel was kidnapped whilst in Letherbridge with her father and Zara. She was found a few days later.
Reception.
Matthew Chambers and Elisabeth Dermot-Walsh who plays Zara Carmichael were nominated for "Best on-screen partnership" but lost out to Jake Wood and Jo Joyner who play Max and Tanya Branning on "EastEnders".

</doc>
<doc id="20074590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074590" title="Joseph Addo (footballer born 1990)">
Joseph Addo (footballer born 1990)

Joseph Addo (born November 2, 1990 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer currently playing for Ghanaian club Heart of Lions in the Glo Premier, as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Addo began his career on youth team of Sekondi Hasaacas F.C. and was promoted to the vlub's senior Glo Premier League team in January 2006. After his return from the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup he became the starting goalie for his club Sekondi Hasaacas. Addo left the club following its relegation to the Poly Tank Division One League and from the 2010–11 Glo Premier League season and joined Glo Premier League club and joined Heart of Lions in start for the 2011–12 Glo Premier League season.
International career.
Addo was member for Ghana national under-17 football team in 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic and played 7 games. He was the first choice goal keeper for the under 17 tournament in Korea 2007 where Ghana placed third in the championship. On 19 August 2008 was called for the Satellites and with the team won the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt where he was taken the second choice Goalkeeper.
Titles and Honours.
International.
Ghana U-20

</doc>
<doc id="20074608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074608" title="Vanilla Ice Is Back!">
Vanilla Ice Is Back!

Vanilla Ice Is Back! is an album by the rapper Vanilla Ice. Released in 2008 by Cleopatra Records, it is a cover album containing covers of several popular hip hop tracks, as well as one reggae selection: "Buffalo Soldier", originally performed by Bob Marley.
Production, release and reception.
The album was first released as a digital download on November 4, 2008, and on compact disc on November 11, 2008. According to Vanilla Ice, he did not have creative control over the production of the album, but he chose most of the songs. IGN reviewer Spence D. wrote "From uninspired rap/rock interpretations to thin voiced funk interpretations on down to the poor synth break beats, album is an embarrassing endeavor that sounds like it should have stayed locked inside Ice's studio (or at the very least leaked on YouTube and passed off as a piss take)."
The cover is based on Elvis Presley's 10th studio album: "Elvis Is Back!".
Samples.
Buffalo Soldier
Insane in the Brain

</doc>
<doc id="20074626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074626" title="Rock Palace">
Rock Palace

Rock Palace Open Air is a popular Russian music festival focusing on various forms of extreme metal and heavy metal. General promoter is Pushkin Media Group.
Lineups.
Rock Palace Open Air 2005.
Date: 24 July 2005.
Place: Vladimirsky Palace (Pushkin)
Artists: Buicide (SPb), Abnormal (Pushkin), Empire Of Crimes (Vyborg), Tartharia (Pushkin), Psilocybe Larvae (SPb), Atomica (SPb), Koma (SPB), Resleep (Finland), Bony NEM (Moscow).
Visitors: 1,000.
Rock Palace Open Air 2006.
Date: 29 July 2006.
Place: Vladimirsky Palace (Pushkin)
Artists: Magellan (SPb), Abnormal (Pushkin), Buicide (SPb), Psilocybe Larvae (SPb), ITEM (SPb), Morrah (SPb), Nomans land, Wolfsangel (SPb) (later Wolfmare), Antisacrum (SPb), O.X. (Pushkin), FM2000 (Finland), Troll Gnet El (Troll Bends Fir) (SPb), Atomica (SPb), Aria (Moscow).
Visitors: 1,500.
Rock Palace Open Air 2007.
Date: 22 July 2007.
Place: Vladimirsky Palace (Pushkin)
Artists: Frosted Glass (SPb), Xe-None (Siberia), Cattle Extermination (SPb), Devilish Distance (death metal, Samara), Moray Eel (Moscow), Perimeter (SPb), Stardown (SPb), Vergeltung (Moscow), Master (Moscow), O.X. (Pushkin), Dismember (Sweden), Fall of the Leave (Finland), Grave (Sweden), Trol Gnet Ell (SPb), Swallow the Sun (Finland) .
Visitors: 2,000.
Rock Palace Open Air 2008.
Date: 13–14 June 2008.
Place: The park at the entrance to the city Pushkin.
Artists:
13 June:
Septerra (melodic power metal, Pushkin), Dwarven Dance (dance folk metal, SPb), Cherny Kuznets (power metal, SPb), Epatage (heavy metal, SPb), Wolfmare (folk metal, SPb), Bony NEM (steb metal, Moscow), New Dawn Foundation (gothic metal, Finland), Kaira (sympho power metal, Belarus), Dominia (sympho dark metal, SPB), Trol Gnet Ell (folk metal, SPb), To/Die/For (gothic metal, Finland), Epidemia (melodic power metal, Moscow).
14 June:
Mamay (modern metal, SPb), Stalwart (death thrash metal, SPb), Bad Jah (rapcore, SPb), Slezy (modern metal, SPb), Devoid Of Grace (death metal, Lipetsk), Abnormal (brutal death metal, SPb), Misanthrope Count Mercyful (death thrash metal, SPb), Gorky Park (hard rock, Moscow), Korea (numetal, SPb), Origami (emocore, SPb), 5diez (hardcore/rapcore, Москва), Slot (melodic numetal, Moscow), Hatesphere (death metal, Denmark).
Visitors: 2,000.
Also.
Medieval knights, Theater Gothic aesthetics, fire show, flight on glidersflying.

</doc>
<doc id="20074640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074640" title="The Addiction (album)">
The Addiction (album)

The Addiction is the sixth album released by rapper Fiend. It was released on June 27, 2006 for Fiend Entertainment and was produced by Fiend and Beats By the Pound members KLC & Craig B. The album did slightly better than his previous album on the charts, peaking at #70 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20074643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074643" title="Colin Bryce">
Colin Bryce

Colin Bryce (born Newcastle upon Tyne, 4 August 1974) is a former Great Britain Olympic bobsledder, now working as a television presenter and producer. He currently works as a sports commentator for the BBC, ESPN, Fox Sports, Eurosport, Channel Five and Channel 4.
At the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, he participated in the two-man bobsleigh event only two years after taking up the sport competitively. He was the brakeman for the British team despite recovering from a broken leg only five months before. 
In 2004, he came out of the commentary booth and retirement to help an injury-ridden British team at the World Championships in Koenigsee, Germany, where he placed in the top 20 with driver Lee Johnston. Also in 2004, he was the International host for the IFF Miss Fitness World Championships in Warsaw, Poland.
He has also done some high profile refereeing work on TV shows including ITV's Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, BBC's Superstars and ESPN's World's Strongest Man coverage. 
Some of his Eurosport work includes commentaries on the World Bobsleigh, Skeleton and Luge tour, the Sydney Olympics, Japanese game show , the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest, the Stihl Lumberjack World Championships, K-1 Total Knock Out and the BDO World Darts Championship.
Bryce was a BBC commentator at the Winter Olympics in Turin 2006 and Vancouver 2010, working alongside Paul Dickenson. They commentated on the only British medal when Amy Williams took Gold in the Skeleton event.
The duo also presented the televised coverage World Strongest Man in 2009 and 2010 on Bravo in the UK. Since 2003, Colin has presented the World Strongest Man Qualifying Tours, Giants Live and the Strongman Super Series, often with former England rugby player Martin Bayfield.
Bryce commentated the Highlander Challenge 2009 series which took place at Scone Palace and aired on Channel 4. Recently, he presented coverage of the Abu Dhabi Adventure Challenge in 2009 and 2010 on Eurosport. The event is an extreme 5-day adventure race all around the emirates.
References.
2. www.gla.ac.uk/alumni/ouralumni/lifeafterglasgow/notablealumni/

</doc>
<doc id="20074645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074645" title="Claes Uggla">
Claes Uggla

Claes Johansson Uggla (1614–1676) was a Swedish military officer of the 17th century, who served in both the army and the navy, reaching the rank of Admiral before he was killed in action during the naval Battle of Öland.
Biography.
Uggla was born in the village of Afverstad in Ölseruds parish, Värmland, the son of Colonel Johan Uggla and Margareta Gyllenmärs. As a young man he was a page at the royal court. During the Torstenson War of 1643-1645 he served as a volunteer in the navy, seeing action in the fleet under the command of Clas Fleming. From 1646 Uggla served in the Swedish army. He distinguished himself at the Battle of Prague in 1648, and was promoted to captain lieutenant. In 1650, he was promoted to captain in the "Livgardet", accompanying Charles X during the Second Northern War. When the Dano-Swedish War broke out in 1657 Uggla returned to naval service. He was promoted to major and in November 1658 participated in the Battle of the Sound against the Dutch fleet. In 1660, he was promoted to lieutenant admiral. During a three-year stay in Lübeck, he oversaw the construction of warships being built for the Swedish Navy. In 1670 he was promoted to admiral, and in 1676 was elevated to the status of Friherre. When further conflict broke out in 1675 in the Scanian War, Uggla was given command of a squadron under "Generalamiral" Lorentz Creutz.
Battle of Öland.
On 1 June 1676, during the Battle of Öland, against the allied Danish and Dutch fleets under Niels Juel and Cornelis Tromp, Creutz's flagship "Kronan" capsized, as a result of intemperately turning hard south, even though under full sail with open cannon ports. The Swedish fleet's line of battle was thrown into confusion, and the enemy, taking advantage of the situation, surrounded Uggla's 94-gun flagship "Svärdet". He found himself attacked by four enemy vessels simultaneously, including both the Danish and Dutch flagships. After a fierce battle lasting two hours Uggla's ship was dismasted and holed below the waterline. Uggla finally surrendered to Tromp, but a Dutch fire ship failed to recognize that the ship had surrendered and attacked, and Uggla was killed when his ship blew up. Only 51 of the 670 crew survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20074657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074657" title="Dechen Phodrang Monastery">
Dechen Phodrang Monastery

Dechen Phrodrang meaning "Palace of Great Bliss" is a Buddhist monastery in Thimphu, Bhutan. It is located to the north of the city.
In 1971 it became a monastic school and currently it has 450 student monks enrolled in eight-year courses with a staff of 15. The monastery contains a number of important historical Bhutanese artifacts including 12th century paintings monitored by UNESCO and a noted statue of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal on the upper floor. In the downstairs chapel, there is a central Sakyamuni Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="20074663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074663" title="Melvin Morgan">
Melvin Morgan

Melvin Morgan (born March 31, 1953 in Gulfport, Mississippi) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League. After playing college football for Mississippi Valley State University, Morgan was an 11th round selection (314th overall pick) of the 1976 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals. He would play for the Bengals (1976–1978) and the San Francisco 49ers (1979–1980). Morgan injured his shoulder in 1980, ending his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20074665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074665" title="David Henley">
David Henley

David Henley (February 5/12, 1748/9 – January 1, 1823) was a Continental Army officer during the American Revolutionary War, who served as George Washington's intelligence officer and Prisoner of war commandant. He later served as the Agent for the United States Department of War for the Southwest Territory (later Tennessee) in the 1790s.
Henley was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts, the eldest child of Samuel and Elizabeth Cheever Henley. On January 8, 1776, he set fire to Charlestown which was occupied by the British. In that same year, he served a major under General William Heath, and briefly as an adjutant general under General Joseph Spencer. On January 1, 1777, he was made Colonel of the Massachusetts Regiment. He was in command at Cambridge, Massachusetts, when the troops that had been captured at Saratoga were brought thither. Henley stabbed an insolent but unarmed British prisoner. Court-martial proceedings were held at Cambridge from January 20, 1778, to February 25, 1778, but he was acquitted. British General Burgoyne challenged him to a duel, which was to take place in Bermuda. He accepted the challenge but the duel never happened. 
General Washington selected him in November 1778 to be his spymaster, and charged him with compiling information to give him a snapshot of British capabilities. He largely succeeded in that task. Henley retired from the Army the following year.
In 1793, Colonel Henley was appointed by President Washington to represent the Agent of the Department of War for the Southwest Territory, in Knoxville, Tennessee. In this capacity, he was Superintendent of Indian Affairs, as well as quartermaster and paymaster for locally-stationed troops and militia. He was known to be a hothead, but was also a strong law-and-order man. Tennessee's Constitutional Convention was held in his office at the corner of what is now Gay Street and Church Avenue in Downtown Knoxville in 1796. He died in Washington, D.C., in 1823, while a clerk in the War Department. 
Namesakes and honors.
In 1994, the Knoxville Federal Courthouse was proposed the site of his office. However it was later constructed at the northwest corner of Main Street and Gay Street. Both Henley Street and the Henley Street Bridge (or Henley Bridge) in Downtown Knoxville are named after him. A tablet was placed by the state of Tennessee at the location of his office in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20074668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074668" title="Robert Dabuo">
Robert Dabuo

Robert Dabou (born 10 November 1990 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer. He currently plays for the Ghana Premier League side Ashanti Gold, as a Goalkeeper.
Career.
Dabou began his career at All Stars F.C.. Before being promoted to the first team, he played his first game in 2007 for the squad.
International.
Dabuo was a member of the Ghana national under-17 football team in 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic. On 19 August 2008, Dabuo was called up to the Satellites, and was part of the Ghana national under-20 football team that won the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt.
Titles and Honours.
International.
Ghana U-20

</doc>
<doc id="20074675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074675" title="Gloster IV">
Gloster IV

The Gloster IV was a British racing floatplane of the 1920s. A single-engined biplane, the Gloster IV was a development of the earlier Gloster III intended to compete in the 1927 Schneider Trophy race. One aircraft competed in the race, but retired part way through. The three aircraft built continued to be used as trainers by the High Speed Flight for several years.
Design and development.
To compete for the 1927 Schneider Trophy, Britain's Air Ministry was determined to improve Britain's performance for the last few competitions, with British entries being soundly beaten by American Curtiss floatplanes in 1923 and 1925, and failing to even enter the 1926 competition which was won by the Italian Macchi M.39. To improve on this disappointing state of affairs, the Air Ministry placed orders for designs of high speed floatplanes from Gloster, Supermarine (the S.5) and Shorts (the Crusader).
Gloster's design, the Gloster IV was a development of the Gloster III which had finished second in the 1925 race. Henry Folland, the Chief designer of Gloster, redesigned the aircraft to reduce drag. Like its predecessors, the Gloster IV was of wooden construction, with a monocoque fuselage and single bay wings. Both the upper and lower wings were gulled to allow the drag of the wing/fuselage junction to be minimised, while radiators were built into the surfaces of the wings and floats.
Three aircraft were built, differing in the surface area of the wings and the arrangement of the tail.
Operational history.
The three Gloster IVs were first flown in July–August 1927, with the two short-span aircraft (the Gloster IVA and IVB) being shipped to Venice in August 1927. The Gloster IVB was finally chosen to compete with the two S.5s in the race, the Crusader having crashed due to having its control cables crossed on re-assembly.
On the day of the race, 26 September 1927, the Gloster IVB, piloted by Flight Lieutenant Samuel Kinkead was the first aircraft to take off, completing five laps before retiring, with the race being won by Flight Lieutenant Sidney Webster flying the S.5. On inspection, it was found that the Gloster's propeller shaft was seriously cracked and would probably have failed if Kinkead had not retired.
Following the race, the Gloster IVA and IVB were returned to the United Kingdom, were they were modified to improve the pilot's view by raising the upper wing and used as high speed trainers. They were used to train pilots for the 1929 race, with the IVB crashing during a landing accident in December 1930 and the IVA used again as a trainer for the 1931 race. The original Gloster IV was meanwhile sold with the intention of being converted to a landplane and used in attempt on the world air speed record but these plans came to nothing.

</doc>
<doc id="20074688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074688" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 114">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 114

The 114th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Lackawanna County, Luzerne County, Susquehanna County and Wyoming County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20074689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074689" title="FC Haray Zhovkva">
FC Haray Zhovkva

FC Haray Zhovkva is a Ukrainian football team based in Zhovkva, Lviv Oblast.
The team spent several years in the Ukrainian Second Division before was relegated at the end of the 1998-99 season along with FC Krystal Chortkiv. On the amateur level "Haray" has managed to win the cup competition of the Amateur Association in 2002. Currently the club competes on the regional level in the Lviv Oblast competition with the more modest results than in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="20074697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074697" title="TP Formula">
TP Formula

TP Formula is an auto racing team based in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20074706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074706" title="The Trinity Paradox">
The Trinity Paradox

The Trinity Paradox is a time travel novel by Kevin J. Anderson and Doug Beason, exploring the premise of an anti-nuclear activist from 1990s being transported back in time to the Manhattan Project, giving her the potential to sabotage the project in an attempt to altogether prevent the development of nuclear weapons.
Her attempt to do so, however, has far-reaching and unpredictable results, changing the outcome of the Second World War and the face of the post-war world.
Reception.
Donald Erbschloe in his review for "Physics Today" said that "the setting and the people of Los Alamos come alive", "the cast is impressive" and "the climax is thrilling and, as one might suspect, explosive".
James P. Hogan noted that it "soberingly shows the perils of the sheep solemnly pledging themselves to vegetarianism while the wolves remain unconverted".

</doc>
<doc id="20074730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074730" title="Bridgers">
Bridgers

Bridgers is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20074746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074746" title="Gareth Evans (footballer born 1967)">
Gareth Evans (footballer born 1967)

Gareth John Evans (born 14 January 1967) is an English former footballer, who played for Coventry City, Rotherham United, Hibernian, Stoke City, Northampton Town, Partick Thistle, Airdrie and Alloa Athletic. He is currently coach of the Scotland women's under-19 national team.
Career.
Evans was born in Coventry and played for his local club Coventry City making ten appearances for the "Sky Blues" in two seasons before dropping down to the Third Division to play for Rotherham United. At Millmoor Evans played 39 times in 1986–87 scoring 11 goals as the "Millers" finished in a mid-table position of 14th however a poor season under John Breckin and Dave Cusack saw Rotherham relegated to the Fourth Division. With Rotherham heading for relegation Evans moved to Scottish Scottish Premier Division side Hibernian.
It was at Easter Road where Evans enjoyed the most success in his career where he spent nine seasons. In total he played 301 matches for Hibs scoring 37 goals helping the Edinburgh side to lift the Scottish League Cup in 1991. In the 1990–91 season Evans spent time out on loan at Stoke City where he played seven times scoring twice, which came in a 1–0 win over Bolton Wanderers and in a 2–1 defeat against West Ham United in the Football League Cup. In the same season he also played twice for Northampton Town. He left Hibernian in 1996 and later played for Partick Thistle, Airdrieonians and Alloa Athletic before moving into coaching.
Managerial career.
After ending his playing career in 2004, he joined the Alloa Athletic coaching staff. He eventually became assistant manager, before taking a similar position at Brechin City, where he assisted former Hibs teammate Michael O'Neill. Evans then moved back into full-time football in 2007 by accepting the position of reserve team coach at Hibs. Following the departure of John Hughes on 4 October 2010, Evans was appointed caretaker manager at Hibernian alongside fellow coach Alistair Stevenson. Evans left Hibernian in November 2011, as new manager Pat Fenlon assembled his coaching staff.
Livingston appointed Evans as first team coach in July 2012. After John Hughes left Livingston to manage Hartlepool United in November, Evans and Richie Burke were placed in caretaker charge of the team. Evans left the club on 28 February 2013.
Evans was appointed as Scotland women's under-19 national coach in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20074764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074764" title="Count of Peniche">
Count of Peniche

Count of Peniche (in Portuguese "Conde de Peniche") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, dated from December 6, 1806, by Prince Regent John, on behalf of Queen Maria I of Portugal, and granted to Caetano José de Noronha e Albuquerque, younger son of the 3rd Marquis of Angeja and 4th Count of Vila Verde.
This collateral Branch of the House of Angeja later inherited the titles of Marquis of Angeja and Count of Vila Verde when the Noronha'a senior line was extinguished.
Family Name.
The family name associated with this title was "Noronha", the same used by its parent House, the Marquesses of Angeja.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, page 122. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20074771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074771" title="Kilton, Nottinghamshire">
Kilton, Nottinghamshire

Kilton is a large suburban area located in the North-East of Worksop in Nottinghamshire, consisting of series of large Post-World War II housing estates, some of which are Council Estates. 
The suburb was since the late Nineteenth century home to Kilton Hospital, which was, along with Victoria Hospital, located on Memorial Avenue in Worksop, one of the town's main hospitals. The Hospital survived until the late 1980s, at a time when it chiefly dealt with maternity. Today the surviving main building, with its fabulous yellow brick facade, and Stag frieze in its pediment, has been incorporated into Bassetlaw Hospital, which is located just behind it, and now used as the administration block.

</doc>
<doc id="20074794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074794" title="Olea paniculata">
Olea paniculata

Olea paniculata, commonly known as the Native Olive, is a plant of the genus "Olea" and a relative of the olive. It is found from Yunnan in southwestern China and Pakistan across southern Asia to Australia and New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Lord Howe Island in the Pacific Ocean.
Taxonomy.
One of many species first described by Robert Brown in his 1810 work "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae", it still bears its original binomial name. Other common names include Australian Olive, Pigeonberry Ash, Maulwood, and Clove berry. In Chinese, it is called 腺叶木犀榄 (). The specific name is derived from the Latin "panicula" "tuft", from the arrangement of flowers.
Description.
It grows as a bushy tree to 30 m (100 ft), often with a sparse canopy. The trunk has smooth grey-brown bark and reaches a maximum diameter of 90 cm (36 in) with some buttressing. The shiny green ovate to elliptical eaves measure 5–10 cm (2–4 in) in length, and1.5–6 cm (0.6–2.4 in) in width, and have a pointed (acuminate) end. The blue-black fruit are oval and measure 0.8–1.2 (0.3–0.5 in) cm long. They are ripe from May to September.
It resembles the introduced and weedy African olive "Olea europaea" subsp. "cuspidata", but the latter lacks "O. paniculata"'s small depressions between the main and secondary veins on the back of the leaf. The introduced species is found in disturbed areas such as roadsides and waterways.
Distribution and habitat.
"Olea paniculata" is found from North East Queensland to the vicinity of the Hunter Region in New South Wales. In Australia it is found near watercourses in dry rainforests. Outside Australia it is found in Yunnan province in southwestern China, where it occurs in sheltered wetter valleys 1200–2400 m (4000–8000 ft) in altitude, as well as India, Indonesia, Kashmir, Malaysia, Nepal, New Guinea, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka. On Lord Howe Island it is widespread below around 500 m (1500 ft) elevation. It is also found on New Caledonia and Vanuatu.
Ecology.
The fruit are consumed by the Australian King Parrot, Brown Cuckoo-dove, Topknot Pigeon, Rose-crowned Fruit-dove, Wompoo Fruit-dove, White-headed Pigeon, Green Catbird and Regent Bowerbird in Australia.
Uses.
It is a fast pioneer species on sunny protected sites, but needs well drained soil for good growth. Bird attracting black fruit. Butterfly host plant. The fruit was traditionally eaten by Aboriginal Australians 

</doc>
<doc id="20074816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074816" title="White Bridge (Mysia)">
White Bridge (Mysia)

The White Bridge () was a Roman bridge across the river Granicus in Mysia in the north west of modern-day Turkey. Presumably constructed in the 4th century AD, it belonged in Ottoman times to the important road to Gallipoli on the Dardanelles. The structure was praised by early European travellers for its fine construction and marble facing, but was plundered for building material during the 19th century.
Exploration.
The White Bridge was first mentioned by Edmund Chishull in 1699, who found it still intact. Later visitors included William Turner in 1815, Pyotr Chikhachyov in 1847 and Arthur W. Janke in the 1890s, who all judged the structure to be of ancient origin.
Turner described a very magnificent Roman bridge of brick and small stones with retaining walls of fine marble. It consisted of eight arches, the largest four spanning the river, flanked by two smaller openings at each bank. The span of the largest vault was eighteen paces, its width eight. Small arched chambers immediately under the pavement reduced the load of the bridge; similar relieving chambers also appear in neighbouring ancient bridges such as the Makestos Bridge and the Aesepus Bridge, leading Frederick William Hasluck to postulate a common origin under the reign of emperor Constantine († 337 AD).
Eighty years later, Janke could still identify several semi-circular arches at the left bank, along with piers featuring polished ashlar of 100 × 50 cm, as characteristically for Roman bridge building. Hardly a decade later, however, Hasluck essentially only found a tile-vaulted arch of the western abutment and an adjoining pier, the bridge having been plundered in the meantime for building material for the Karabogha–Boghashehr () road. The span could still be established as , the width of the roadway as . The remaining upper parts showed carelessly executed Turkish repairs with rough rubble and tiles.
The current state of the remains of the White Bridge is unknown; it is not listed in O’Connor's compilation of Roman bridges.

</doc>
<doc id="20074820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074820" title="Dale Tryon, Baroness Tryon">
Dale Tryon, Baroness Tryon

Dale Elizabeth Tryon, Baroness Tryon (3 January 194815 November 1997), was a colourful figure in royal court circles, being a close friend of both Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, and a successful businesswoman in the international fashion world, with the fashion label ""Kanga"" and couture line ""The Dale Tryon Collection"". "Kanga" also came to be her own nickname. Tryon gave her support to a number of charities including SANE—the mental health charity of which she was the Chairman.
Born Dale Elizabeth Harper in Melbourne, Australia, she was the eldest of three children of a wealthy publishing magnate. In early childhood Dale was diagnosed with Perthes disease, which affects the hip joint. which she suffered with until the age of nine after being in a children's hospital in irons from feet to chest. On her graduation, she worked in London as a public relations officer for the airline Qantas.
A committed socialite described by family and friends as having "tremendous joie de vivre," within two weeks of arriving in England she had met Anthony Tryon, Baron Tryon who was a member of Prince Charles's inner circle. It was through her husband that she first met the Prince of Wales, although he had attended Geelong Grammar School in Australia. Dale and Anthony married in 1973, and had four children: Zoe, Charles, and twins Edward and Victoria.
Although married, her friendship with Prince Charles developed. Both enjoyed fly fishing, which they undertook regularly. Through this close friendship, there were continual tabloid rumours that Dale was Charles's mistress. This was in part fuelled by Dale's relationship with the press, including the "Daily Mail" diarist Nigel Dempster. However, in all her publicised newspaper and television interviews, Dale never revealed the extent of their friendship; although Prince Charles publicly described Kanga as "the only woman who ever understood me." Prince Charles also had a long term friendship with the also married Camilla Parker Bowles, but Dale and Camilla didn't get on, and this feud continued throughout her ongoing relationship with Prince Charles. Prince Charles was also godfather to Camilla's son Tom and Dale's son Charlie.
In 1983, Dale started a fashion business called "Kanga," located in Beauchamp Place, Knightsbridge. Launched through a personal television appearance on the ITV1 show "This Morning" hosted by friends Richard and Judy, Dale persuaded Diana to wear a "Kanga" dress to the Live Aid concert. "Kanga" quickly became a favourite of the Sloane Ranger set, and resultantly became a successful international business. Dale lived between London and Lord Tryon's family home the 109-room Manor House at Great Durnford, near Salisbury. From the early 1980s her clothes were sold in shops from England to America to Australia, France and Spain, and her own boutique in Knightsbridge was later joined by branches in Salisbury, Hong Kong and Dublin. Both "Kanga" and her couture line named "The Dale Tryon Collection" were very successful. Tryon also did a great deal of work for a number of charities including SANE—the mental health charity of which she was the Chairman.
Some reports are quoted as saying that after the birth of her twins, Dale suffered from a recurrent bout of Spina Bifida, during the treatment for which it was discovered she was suffering from cancer of the uterus in 1993. However Spina Bifida is a physical deformity of the spine - a permanent condition - and is not suffered in 'bouts'. It is more likely that her health suffered from her known diagnosis of Legg–Calvé–Perthes syndrome. After this point she travelled for a period with a nurse, a physiotherapist, and her daughter who would lie next to her as she slept, rolling her over regularly. During Prince Charles' and Diana's divorce Dale tried to remain friends with both parties; for a while it had become well-founded tabloid speculation that Prince Charles had, since the breakdown of his own marriage, been continuing an affair with Camilla Parker Bowles, which led to Dale and Charles starting to become distant.
To help her recover from her medical treatments, Tryon became very interested in alternative medicine and a wide variety of spiritual practices; she also decided to undertake a retreat in the Himalayas. Soon after she received the 'all clear' from cancer, Tryon underwent treatment at Farm Place, an alcohol and drug rehabilitation clinic in Surrey. She was on a heavy dose of painkillers, and drank excessive quantities of vodka and champagne. While undergoing treatment for addiction at the Farm Place Clinic, she jumped from a first-floor window, broke her back and became paralysed.
Tryon was left a paraplegic from her fall and even after more than a year in a spinal rehab she never walked again. Coupled with recurring depression, and after being told by her husband that he wanted a divorce, she was detained on 17 June 1997 under the "Mental Health Act" for 28 days, after leaving the Black Horse Inn in Great Durnford. After release from the spinal injuries unit at Salisbury District Hospital, she returned home. After her divorce she renounced her title, and moved into The Ritz hotel, from where she gave her last recorded interview with journalist Christopher Wilson.
On her return from a trip to Australia and India, Tryon was admitted to the King Edward VII Hospital, Westminster, suffering from complications from severe bed sores. Tryon died on 15 November 1997, a few months after Diana, at King Edward VII Hospital from septicaemia, aged 49. She was buried four days later in England, and in her will left her £1.3 million estate to her children.
On 4 November 2008, Tryon was the subject of a documentary, "Prince Charles' Other Mistress", aired by Channel 4 television.

</doc>
<doc id="20074839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074839" title="Peru High School">
Peru High School

Peru High School (PHS) is a high school located in Miami County, Peru, Indiana, United States, serving students in grades 9–12 for Peru Community Schools. The high school's current enrollment is 672 students as of the 2010-11 school year.
Peru High's school colors are old gold and black and their athletic nickname is the Bengal Tigers.
Athletics.
Peru High School won a state championship in boys tennis 1970-71.
The Peru High School Boys Basketball team has won 40 Sectional titles and 3 Regional titles dating back to 1927.
Peru High School's main rivals are the other two schools in Miami County. Maconaquah and North Miami.
Peru High School offers the following sports:
Notable Graduates.
Kyle Macy was the 22nd overall pick in the 1979 NBA Draft. He was selected by the Phoenix Suns. Macy went on to play one season each for the Chicago Bulls (1985-86) and the Indiana Pacers (1986-87) before retiring from the NBA.
John Francis O'Hara, Cardinal, Archbishop of Philadelphia; and, President of the University of Notre Dame.
David J. North is a Hollywood screenwriter. His credits include the hit Drama NCIS (TV series) and the long running Late Show with David Letterman (both CBS). In 2010 he returned home to speak to the student body. His lecture was covered extensively by the Peru Tribune.
Traditions.
School Song.
"Peru High School, Oh Peru High School"<br>
"Peru High School, We're all for you"<br>
"We will fight for the gold and black"<br>
"And the glory of old Peru."<br>
"Never daunted, we cannot falter,"<br>
"In the battle we're tried and true,"<br>
"Oh Peru High School"<br>
"Oh Peru High School"<br>
"Oh Peru High School we're all for you."
School Yell.
"Peru High, Peru High"<br>
"We're for you and that's no lie,"<br>
"Onward ever,"<br>
"Backward never,"<br>
"We're for you Peru High."
School media.
The Peruvian is the school's bi-weekly paper with current news, editorials, special features, photos, and a complete sports section.
The Narcissus is the student yearbook that is published annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20074866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074866" title="Nature's Great Events">
Nature's Great Events

"Nature's Great Events" is a wildlife documentary series made for BBC television, first shown in the UK on BBC One and BBC HD in February 2009. The series looks at how seasonal changes powered by the sun cause shifting weather patterns and ocean currents, which in turn create the conditions for some of the planet’s most spectacular wildlife events. Each episode focuses on the challenges and opportunities these changes present to a few key species.
"Nature's Great Events" was produced by the BBC Natural History Unit in association with the Discovery Channel and Wanda Films. The British version of the series was narrated by David Attenborough. In the USA, the series was shown under the alternative title "Nature's Most Amazing Events" beginning on 29 May 2009 and was narrated by Hasani Issa. In Australia, this program began airing on ABC1 each Sunday at 7:30pm from 14 June until 19 July 2009.
The title "Nature's Great Events" was previously used by Reader's Digest for an unrelated VHS series released in 1996.
Production.
Production team.
The series was first unveiled as a co-production deal with independent Wanda Films, under the working title of "Earth's Great Events". The title was subsequently revised and the Discovery Channel revealed as additional co-producers. The Natural History Unit’s production team includes series producer Karen Bass and executive producer Brian Leith. The score was composed by Barnaby Taylor and Ben Salisbury, orchestrated and conducted by William Goodchild and performed by the BBC Concert Orchestra. Views of the earth from space, that illustrate the climatic events around the world, were created by design company Burrell Durrant Hifle incorporating NASA photography.
Filming.
Filming took place over a slightly 25-month period, an unusually tight timescale for a natural history production of this scale. In some cases, the events were not guaranteed to occur every year, so working to such a rapid schedule meant that the film crews ran the risk of having nothing to film. Producer Karen Bass described the series as "a minor miracle, given the constraints of luck and timing - we were totally dependent on events happening when they were supposed to." One of the most challenging sequences to film was the climax of the "The Great Tide" episode, featuring aerial and underwater footage of dolphins, sharks and gannets attacking a sardine shoal. In 2007, the sardine run didn't take place, and after weeks of fruitless searching, the crew had to give up. The following year, there was a second and final opportunity. Just in case they were unsuccessful again, the producers devised an alternative sixth episode which would have explored the science behind seasonal changes, looking at how the "Great Events" are triggered and how environmental change may be affecting them. As luck would have it, the sardine run returned for the first time in three years and the team captured the shots they needed.
Television firsts.
The BBC claimed a number of TV firsts achieved by the production team. Many of the filming techniques first used on "Planet Earth", such as the gyroscopically-stabilised helicopter camera known as the Heligimbal, were adopted again, along with new technology. In "The Great Tide", some of the surface-water footage was shot from a boat-mounted stabilised camera, previously used in the Hollywood film industry. Innovations on "The Great Flood" included FrankenCam, a motion-control macro camera developed by Ammonite Films and capable of shooting extreme close-ups of tiny subjects. The team were also the first to film narwhals from the air and the first to reveal how grizzly bears use their feet to scoop up dead salmon from deep pools. The crew of "The Great Migration" had the good fortune of witnessing the first eruption of a Tanzanian volcano in 40 years, and managed to shoot aerial footage of the event.
Episodes.
1. "The Great Melt".
US title: "Arctic Summer"
The opening episode shows how different species respond to the annual summer thaw of sea ice in the Arctic. The extent of the melt has been increasing in recent times, and this could be disastrous for polar bears. A mother emerges from her winter den with cubs, and leads them on to the sea ice to hunt. As the ice breaks up, the bears have difficulty walking and resort to swimming between floes. For others, it's a race to breed in the short summer season. When guillemots arrive at their nesting cliffs, the rocks are still cloaked in ice. A few short weeks later, the young launch themselves on their maiden flights, but those that crash before they reach open water present an easy meal for an Arctic fox mother and her cubs. Aerial footage shows the arrival of belugas and narwhals at the edge of the sea ice. The narwhals navigate their way along leads, but can become trapped if the ice ahead is still unbroken. In the height of summer, large parts of the Arctic Ocean are virtually ice-free, leaving some polar bears stranded on the few remaining icebergs. Those that reach dry land must wait for the winter ice to return before they can start hunting again. As the bears congregate, fights break out between the males. "Nature's Great Events Diaries" follows the camera team's attempts to locate narwhals in "Quest for Ice Whales".
2. "The Great Salmon Run".
US title: "Grizzly Wilderness"
The subject of the second programme is the annual salmon run on the west coast of North America. Hundreds of millions of Pacific salmon return to the mountain streams in which they were born, where they will spawn and then die. Their passage upstream is fraught with danger, from rapids, waterfalls and hungry grizzly bears. The programme begins at the arrival of spring, with a grizzly mother leading her cubs down from their winter den in the Alaskan mountains. The bears congregate in the forested valleys, where they forage for whatever food they can find. Survival is tough for all, as shown by a pack of hungry wolves attacking an adult grizzly. It is not until July that the salmon arrive in great numbers. Other predators join the feast, including Orcas, Stellar sea Lions, Salmon sharks and the Bald headed Eagle. Those that make it past the bears risk becoming trapped in shallow reaches as the water level subsides. Relief comes as a summer storm replenishes the streams, triggered by moist ocean air rising over the coastal mountains. As they reach the spawning grounds, the salmon change body shape and colour in preparation for spawning. When it is over, the fish are close to exhaustion and they die en masse, providing an easy meal for birds and lingering bears. Their deaths are not in vain, for the nutrients from their decaying bodies help to fertilise the soil, sustaining the forests of tall pines. The diary piece, "Close Encounters of a Grizzly Kind", reveals how footage of the bears fishing using their feet was obtained.
3. "The Great Migration".
US title: "Surviving the Serengeti"
The third installment follows a year in the life of the Ndutu lion pride, which occupies a territory on the short-grass plains of the Serengeti. Their lives are dictated by the annual migration of one million wildebeest and zebra around the Serengeti. As the herds move north following the rains, the Ndutu pride's four lionesses and seven cubs are left behind to face the dry season without their main prey. The grass dies off leaving the lions without cover, making hunting what few animals remain even more difficult. The pride must keep moving to find food, but gradually the starving cubs weaken. A female cub and her brother, both in very poor condition, cannot keep up with the adults, and their fate seems sealed. However, when the pride is relocated the following month, the two cubs have somehow survived and been reunited with the adults. The lions face a further challenge as the active volcano Ol Doinyo Lengai erupts for the first time since 1967, raining ash down on the plains. These cyclical eruptions play a crucial role in the Serengeti ecosystem. The ash fertilises the earth, and with the arrival of the first storms, the plains become green and lush. The wildebeest herds return and give birth to their young, and the Ndutu pride can enjoy the good times again. In "Pride and Peril", the diary segment, cameraman Owen Newman's long and lonely vigil watching the Ndutu pride is rewarded with a story of hardship, loss and fortitude.
4. "The Great Tide".
US title: "Army of Predators"
Along South Africa's east coast, the right combination of winter weather and ocean currents trigger the sardine run, one of the most impressive events in the world's oceans. In recent years, the sardine run has become less predictable, for reasons which are still unclear, bringing into jeopardy an entire food chain which it supports. The fourth programme follows the largest gathering of predators on the planet as they hunt down billions of sardines pinned to the cold water along the coast. They include Cape gannets, which time their breeding to coincide with the arrival of the huge sardine shoals. They are filmed at their breeding colony on Bird Island and in super slow motion breaking the surface on their plunge dives. In the water, a super-pod of 5,000 common dolphins also hunts down the sardines. A 15-mile long shoal is located by the predators, and the ensuing feeding frenzy is filmed from the air, the surface and underwater. Dolphins herd the sardines into the shallows, where they come within reach of the diving gannets. Thousands of sharks arrive to join the attack, but the largest predator of all is the lunging Bryde's whale. "Life on the Run" follows the fortunes of the film crew as they track the hunters. In 2007, the sardine run didn't happen at all, but their patience was rewarded the following year.
5. "The Great Flood".
US title: "Kalahari Flood"
The fifth installment is set in Botswana, where the arid plains of the Kalahari are transformed into a lush wetland by the annual flooding of the Okavango Delta. The Okavango River is charged by rain falling in the Angolan highlands, but it is months before the water arrives at the delta. Meanwhile, thousands of animals follow ancient migration routes across the desert, braving dehydration and punishing heat. New elephant behaviour is filmed as they skim their trunks delicately across the surface of a stagnant pool, siphoning clean water from the upper layers. The transformation of the desert into a green oasis is filmed using time-lapse photography, whilst sequences shot with macro lenses show the changes in much finer detail. For the first time, vast clouds of dragonflies are observed emerging to mate and lay their eggs. Larger animals make the most of the sudden riches the new landscape offers. Male hippos plough through the newly formed waterways and battle for dominance, red lechwe bound through the shallows and huge flocks of wading birds arrive to breed. Elephants and buffalo face one final challenge before they reach the delta; a pride of hungry lions. The lions attack in broad daylight, bringing down an elephant calf. The making-of featurette, "Mission Impassable", follows the crew as they struggle to cross ever-deepening waters to reach and film the front line of the advancing flood.
6. "The Great Feast".
US title: "Pacific Feast"
The final episode features the summer plankton bloom along the coast of British Columbia and Alaska. In winter, the coastal fjords and inlets are relatively lifeless, and the resident Steller sea lions must dive deeper and further from the coast to catch the widely-dispersed herring. Humpback whales overwinter in the warm Pacific waters off Hawaii, where new mothers suckle their calves. They begin their 3,000 mile journey north in early spring, when the sea lions also give birth to their young. Spring storms are a hazard for the sea lion colonies and some pups are inevitably lost, but these same storms disturb nutrients in the water which, together with the strengthening power of the sun, act as the catalysts for the plankton bloom. Huge shoals of herring arrive to spawn, turning the shallows milky white. The herring sift plankton from the water. In their wake come larger predators, including Pacific white-sided dolphins and killer whales. The latter are filmed attacking a male sea lion. Common murres dive under the herring shoals and pick off the fish from below, pinning them to the surface. Their defence is to form a bait ball, but gulls gathering on the surface attack them from above. The finale to the programme features unique underwater footage of humpbacks engulfing whole bait balls, and reveals their co-operative hunting behaviour called bubble-netting. The diary segment, "Swallowed by a Whale", looks at the challenges of filming the humpbacks and sea lions underwater.
Reception.
The series drew an average of 4.0 million viewers and a 16.9% audience share, down on BBC One’s average share of 24% for the same time slot in 2008. However, the Sunday evening repeats at a more family-friendly viewing time drew similar viewing figures to the first broadcast, and the episodes regularly featured in the top ten weekly chart on BBC iPlayer.
The series received almost universal praise in the British press. Writing in "The Guardian" of the scene in which a humpback whale swallows a shoal of herring, Lucy Mangan commented: "You can cradle your jaw safely in your lap for the rest of the evening, as you replay that moment in your mind's eye and reel at the slower but no less staggering evocation by the entire programme, the entire series, of the incredible force and fragility of it all." The sequence was also singled out by Tim Teeman in "The Times", who wrote "now that was a money shot. "Nature's Great Events": "The Great Feast" was no mis-sale". He went on to describe it as "the most surprising bit of television this week" and "the most mind-blowing, horrific and beautiful sequence of film". The series also gained a very favourable review in "The Scotsman". Its critic Paul Whitelaw described it as "quite simply wonderful television. Visually stunning, immersive and mesmerising, it examined some of the most dramatic wildlife spectacles on Earth with characteristic verve and insight." He singled out praise for David Attenborough, noting that "even when he is merely narrating, is quite brilliant at what he does, and I defy anyone to refute that."
Matt Warman of "The Daily Telegraph" was complimentary about the "wealth of surprising, beautiful images", but criticised the series for its superficial treatment of environmental issues. Writing about the plight of polar bears highlighted in "The Great Melt", he commented "it was tempting to ask whether the rise of one species, man, and the decline of another could not be considered a sad part of evolution by natural selection... "Nature's Great Events", however, chose not to engage with the debate."

</doc>
<doc id="20074874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074874" title="Aleksandre Korsantia">
Aleksandre Korsantia

Alexander Korsantia (born 1965, Tbilisi) is a Georgian international award-winning pianist.
Alexander immigrated to Canada in 1992, settling in Vancouver, British Columbia. After living in Vancouver for a number of years, he currently resides in Boston, Massachusetts. He visits Vancouver from time to time, enjoying adventures on Vancouver Island, large gatherings, and the company of friends.
He won the 1988 Sydney International Piano Competition (as a Soviet citizen) and the 1995 Arthur Rubinstein Competition in Tel Aviv. He is internationally active as a concert pianist and is a member of the piano faculty at Boston's New England Conservatory. 
In 1999 Korsantia was decorated with the National Honor Medal from the Georgian Government.

</doc>
<doc id="20074900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074900" title="Jheryl Busby">
Jheryl Busby

Jheryl Busby (May 5, 1949 – November 4, 2008) was an American recording company executive who was the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Motown Records.
Biography.
Busby grew up in South Central Los Angeles, where he went to John C. Fremont High School. He attended Long Beach State College, dropping out after two years.
Busby began his business career at Mattel Toys, starting as an inventory clerk and ultimately being promoted to new-toy coordinator.
His first exposure to the recording industry was at Stax Records, where he was named head of West Coast promotion and marketing, After leaving Stax, he did promotional work for A&M Records and Casablanca Records.
At MCA Records, where he was hired in 1984, Busby was vice-president of the black music division building the unit largely from scratch, promoting established acts such as Patti LaBelle and helping to discover and market acts including family band The Jets, Jody Watley, Bobby Brown and New Edition. By the mid-'80s, the division's sales reached $50 million and was top-ranked for years in black album sales. By 1988, Busby was president of the black music division at MCA, and his business unit led the industry in black album sales.
When Boston Ventures and Music Corporation of America bought Motown Records from Berry Gordy in June 1988 for $61 million, Gordy stipulated that 20% of the firm be retained by African-American investors; Busby purchased an unspecified stake in the firm. Busby moved to Motown Records in 1988 as the company's President & CEO in 1988. Annual sales for Motown had dropped to $20 million (from a peak of $100 million, at Motown's height), with 60–70% of sales coming from sales of its old hits. Busby fostered the growth of younger talent, including Another Bad Creation, Boyz II Men, Johnny Gill and Queen Latifah. In early 1989, he was able to sign Diana Ross back to Motown after she left for RCA Records in 1981. Busby retained artists such as Lionel Richie, Smokey Robinson and Stevie Wonder, and helped create hits from them and for Ross. When Polygram Records bought Motown for $301 million in 1993, Busby was retained as president. By 1990, the label had five songs reach number one on the R&B charts.
Busby was appointed head of the black music division at DreamWorks Records in 1998. He left DreamWorks in 2001. He was named president of Def Soul Classics in 2004. Umbrella Recordings, which he created with producer Mike City, released the Carl Thomas album "So Much Better" in 2007 and Patti LaBelle's "The Gospel According to Patti LaBelle", her first gospel album.
Busby was a major shareholder along with Janet Jackson and Magic Johnson in the nation's first African-American-owned national bank, Founders National Bank, and served on the bank's board of directors.
Busby died at the age of 59 on November 4, 2008. He was found dead in the hot tub of his home in Malibu, the cause was later confirmed to be accidental drowning, it is believed preexisting medical conditions including "atheroscelerotic cardiovascular disease" and "diabetes mellitus may have contributed to the drowning.

</doc>
<doc id="20074907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074907" title="James Eustace, 3rd Viscount Baltinglass">
James Eustace, 3rd Viscount Baltinglass

James FitzEustace of Harristown, 3rd Viscount Baltinglass
James FitzEustace, the eldest son of Roland FitzEustace, the 2nd Viscount of Baltinglass and Joan, daughter of James Butler, 8th Baron Dunboyne. He was born in 1530 and died in Spain in 1585. Baltinglass's family was traditionally associated with the FitzGerald family, the earls of Kildare, but prudently remained loyal to Henry VIII during the "Silken Thomas" Rebellion of 1534-35. For their loyalty they were granted additional lands. Later in the 1540s Thomas FitzEustace, James's grandfather, was created first Viscount Baltinglass by a grateful king. But like many other old English Pale families, the FitzEustaces later became disillusioned.
Baltinglass's circle included Pale families of Plunkett, Dillon, Aylmer, Fitzsimon, Sedgrave and Nugent. Within this circle discontent increased and the Baltinglass revolt was first conceived. Previously for airing his views James had earned a night in jail, a sermon, a fine and the lasting enmity of Archbishop Adam Loftus of Dublin. James Eustace was educated at Grey's Inn, the most prestigious of the Inns of Court in London, and lived in Rome during the 1570s. James had as his tutor an influential priest, Sir Norman Eustace and became a fervent Catholic who regarded Queen Elizabeth I as an illegitimate heretic. Generally the government viewed James as misguided, but not a threat. They were even dismissive of him, which echoed ironically after his revolt broke.
Marriage.
He married Mary Travers, daughter and co-heiress of Sir Henry Travers of Monkstown Castle,only child of Sir John Travers, by Genet Preston, but they had no children. Henry predeceased his father. Mary died in 1610, having married secondly, in 1587, Sir Gerald Aylmer, Bart., of Donadea, a Catholic loyalist, repeatedly imprisoned, but finally released and knighted, by Elizabeth I and created baronet by James I of England. Sir John Travers of Monkstown (Carrickbrennan), Co. Dublin, was a connection of the Earl of Kildare. He was Master of the Ordnance and a Groom of the Chambers. He married Genet Preston, and during the period 1545 to 1551 received many grants of land, including Rathmore and part of Haynestown (east of Naas), Tomogue, and estates in Co. Carlow. In 1589 Mary petitioned for the return of part of her lands, which must have been extensive. With the assistance of Sir Gerald Aylmer, whom she later married, she obtained the re-possession of the Preceptory of Killerig, Co. Carlow. Soon after her death in 1610 this estate was shared between several grantees, but mainly Monkstown and its estates in seven counties were left to Henry Cheevers, her sister Katherine's second son.
Rebellion.
James Eustace knew that he lacked the necessary military muscle, a suitable operational base and martial experience to be successful. He knew that if he acted independently, his revolt would be crushed easily. Baltinglass's partner in rebellion was Feagh - the son of Hugh Mac Shane O'Byrne who had at one time inflicted defeat on Roland FitzEustace, Baltinglass's father, in a border encounter to be celebrated in verse eulogizing Hugh's military prowess. This did not, however, prevent the alliance of their sons.
Feagh O'Byrne and Baltinglass proved useful partners in rebellion, each bringing different qualities and assets beneficial to the rebellion's initial success. Feagh provided the military leadership and drew to his standard much of Gaelic Leinster who viewed him as their protector. Baltinglass's championing of the Catholic cause gave the revolt the extra dimension which the government so feared. Without Baltinglass's involvement and the Catholic element to the revolt, the uprising would have been looked upon purely as a Gaelic outbreak. It would not have received any significant aid from Catholic Palesmen. The coming together of the pragmatic Gaelic malcontent and the idealistic Catholic magnate was a new and dangerous development in the history of rebellion against the Crown in Ireland. What this union symbolized is what frightened the government. It was a sign of things to come.
In 1576, before the death of his father, James Eustace lodged complaints against the persecution of Catholics and illegal taxation of the Lord Deputy, Sir Henry Sydney. He and other leading Catholics were imprisoned in 1577, and he was released only just in time to assume his title the next year. Much of their resentment was directed against policies pursued by the Elizabethan officials. To finance military campaigns against Gaelic lords and rebellious Anglo-Irish magnates, the government levied a military tax, known as the cess, upon Palesmen. Troops were also billeted upon their lands. This drew increasingly vociferous complaints from both the Pale's gentry and the towns' merchants. Before Baltinglass's rebellion their discontent was rife. This Pale community opposed government demands on their assets to maintain its military policy. Viscount Roland, James's father, was a prominent leader. With other leaders, he was imprisoned in the closing years of the 1570s by the Elizabethan administration who viewed their opposition as little short of treason. Such action on the government's part only increased its unpopularity. The predominant Pale faith was Catholic.
In Catholic eyes there was a growing threat from the Protestant-dominated government, a perception supported by their marked decline in participation within the kingdom's government. English-born Protestants increasingly occupied positions of authority. These government officers found the concept of being Catholic and loyal irreconcilable. Tension was fuelled by Pius V's excommunication of Elizabeth in 1570. With growing regularity sons of Catholic Pale families withdrew from English universities and pursued their education in Catholic Europe. Within the walls of these continental colleges, Catholic Counter-Reformation dogma and doctrine dominated. Young Palesmen were profoundly affected by their exposure. Their education made them more militant on their return.
In 1579, Gerald FitzGerald, 15th Earl of Desmond, took up arms in Munster for a second time against the Queen, who appointed Thomas Butler, 10th Earl of Ormond to deal with the rebellion. This he eventually did, but with ruthless and terrible severity. During the summer of 1580, James Eustace, Viscount Baltinglass, apparently prompted almost entirely by religious motives, collected rebel forces in County Wicklow, with the goal to assist Desmond. His allies included many influential Catholics, some of them his own relatives, and large numbers of Irish clansmen led by Fiach McHugh O'Byrne. News of this soon reached the ears of Ormonde, James Eustace’s brother-in-law, (Edmund Butler, brother of the Earl of Ormonde, had married Eleanor Eustace, Baltinglass's sister) who must have sent him a severe warning, for we have Baltinglass's defiant reply, later produced in evidence against him.
At first the revolt was remarkably successful, and on 25 August 1580, a severe defeat was inflicted upon the troops of the Lord Deputy at the Pass of Glenmalure in the Wicklow Mountains on the Baltinglass lands. The Annals of the Four Masters states that "the entire extent of country from the Slaney to the Shannon and from the Boyne to the meeting of the Three Waters became one scene of strife and dissension.”
But Baltinglass never coordinated his efforts with those of Desmond, and in any case had started too late. There was desultory fighting for nearly a year, but with no large engagement, and the Baltinglass troops overran a large area doing great damage, but were then hopelessly overpowered. A force of Spaniards and Italians had landed at Smerwick, Co. Kerry, in order to assist the Catholic cause, but when they had completed the long march of 150 miles to Naas were taken prisoner and were massacred. The scene of this massacre, on the southern edge of the town, is still called Spaniards Cross or Foad Spaniagh. 
Defeat & Exile.
Baltinglass and his followers were outlawed and forty-five of them were hanged in Dublin. James Eustace escaped to Munster, where Desmond was still in revolt, and thence to Spain. He was well received, and only just failed to persuade King Philip II of Spain to provide sufficient troops and ships to invade Ireland. He died there childless in 1585. The fates of his five brothers were as follows:
Among the other Eustaces from County Kildare who took part were Maurice of Castlemartin and Thomas of Kerdiffstown (near Sallins), who were both executed, and John of Newland and Oliver of Blackhall, Clane, who were eventually pardoned, as was Maurice FitzGerald of Osberstown, Naas, who was the husband of Baltinglass's aunt Janet.
In 1585, the Statute of Baltinglass was passed by Parliament, but against considerable opposition. Under this Act, the title and arms were attainted, and all the vast Baltinglass possessions were forfeited, as was normal then, with retrospective clauses voiding all transfers of property that had taken place during the previous twelve years. The Eustaces of Harristown, once Lords of Portlester, Kilcullen and Baltinglass were thus virtually obliterated. James and his brothers had fought for what they were convinced was right, but they had failed, and for their failure they paid dearly. Whether James Eustace and his followers were traitors or martyrs, they were certainly brave men. At the time of the attainder, the Dowager Viscountess, once a proud Butler, but now the mother of “the six traitorous brethren," petitioned (rather pathetically, and with what result we can well imagine) to be allowed to retain her jointure or alternatively to be granted somewhere to live.
Almost all the forfeited estates were granted to Sir Henry Harrington who had been active in quelling the rebellion. He sold them in 1617 to Sir Charles Wilmot, from whom they passed, via Sir James Carroll and Sir Thomas Roper, to the Viscounts (later Earls) of Aldborough. Harristown, Rochestown and Calverstown were granted in about 1590 to John Eustace of Castlemartin. The Baltinglass, house in Dublin and a lease of New Abbey, Kilcullen, were granted to Edmund Spenser, the poet, who was Secretary to the Lord Deputy, Arthur Grey, 14th Baron Grey de Wilton. Rathfarnham Castle and much of the land around Rathfarnham also belonged to the Eustace family of Baltinglass. However, this property was also confiscated for their part in the Second Desmond Rebellion of 1579-83. Rathfarnham castle and its lands were then granted to the Loftus family.
The title was revived in 1685, when Colonel Richard Talbot, of Carton, was created Viscount Baltinglass, but he died without an heir six years later. It was again revived in 1763, when John Stratford was created Baron of Baltinglass, but he was advanced in 1776 to Viscount Aldborough and this title became extinct in 1875. The Eustaces of Castlemartin and Harristown were connected with his family twice. His father had married (as his second wife) Penelope née Eustace, one of the three co-heiresses of Sir Maurice Eustace, the Lord Chancellor. His great-great-granddaughter, Louisa Saunders of Saunders Grove, married in 1860 Thomas Tickell, descendant and heir of Clotilda, Penelope's sister and another of the co-heiresses.

</doc>
<doc id="20074908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074908" title="Moons (disambiguation)">
Moons (disambiguation)

Moons are celestial bodies that orbit planets or smaller bodies.
Moons may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20074909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074909" title="Kali (singer)">
Kali (singer)

Jean-Marc Monnerville, better known by his stage name Kali is a Martiniquan musician known for his contributions to Modern Zouk, banjo playing and his work with the Eurovision Song Contest. He is further notable for his often controversial, politically-charged lyrics comment on imperialism, slavery and military proliferation. 
Early Life.
Monnerville was born in Fort-de-France on 21 February 1956. His mother, a primary school teacher, and his father, a professional musician, encouraged Jean-Marc to study classical percussion. The nickname "Kali" was developed in primary school in homage to "Kalimero," a well-known cartoon character of the time. Kali's musical career began in earnest when his father sent him to France in the early 1970s to study music composition and theory. His first group, "Gaoule" was symbolically named after a notorious slave massacre carried out in the French West Indies in the 17th century. 
His signature Rasta style developed in 1979 with his sophomore ensemble, 6ème Continent. Their notable singles included an iconoclastic version of "Adieu Foulards" and "Reggae Dom-Tom", a hard-hitting song which evoked the difficult relationship between France and its former colony. In June 1983, 6ème Continent rose to national prominence when they stepped in to replace the Nigerian singer Femi Kuti at the "Fète de la Musique." Playing on an open-air stage erected on the Place du Trocadéro, 6ème Continent proved an enormous hit. After being asked to "modernize their sound" by CBS Records (the international name of Columbia Records), Monnerville made the executive decision to split up the group.
Developing Career.
Kali returned to Martinique to start a solo career, intentionally ignoring the popular "Zouk" craze and focusing on traditional music of the West Indies. This return to musical heritage was further explored on the albums "Racines I" (1989) and "Racines II" (1990) by fusing acoustic piano and banjo with percussion and synthesizers.
After returning to Paris for a live performance in 1990, he was selected to represent France in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest. His performance, the original composition Monte la Rivié (Going up the River) was regarded by fellow contestants to be "an absolute surprise" for its offbeat subject matter and inclusion of the banjo. While the French entry ranked 8th among 22, his performance garnered major popularity and helped the sales of his next album "Lese la Te Tounen" (Let the Earth Move). In 1994 he won an award from the Sacem (French Association of Songwriters and Composers), citing his composition "Pan Patchew" as "Best Song of 1994." 
Recent Music.
His 1995 album "Débranché" (Unplugged), reverts to a purely acoustic sound. Following the record's success, Kali was invited to perform in Zimbabwe where he joined other musicians celebrating the Centenary of the first anti-colonial insurrection. "Racines IV," a 1998 album, celebrated the artist’s comeback to traditional West Indian music since 1992.
In 2002, Kali commemorated the centenary of the eruption of the Pelée volcano with "Bèlè Boum Bap."
The fifth album in the "Racines Caraïbes" series was released in November 2007, featuring guest performances by Jocelyne Beroard, Tanya Saint-Val, Emeline Michel and Ralph Tamar. 
Discography.
As Gaoulé:
As 6eme Continent:
As Kali:

</doc>
<doc id="20074914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074914" title="Thomas Morgan (navy chaplain)">
Thomas Morgan (navy chaplain)

Thomas Morgan (6 December 1769 – 22 November 1851) was a Welsh navy chaplain who saw action during the French Revolutionary Wars and was involved in the Spithead mutiny before serving as chaplain of the naval dockyard at Portsmouth.
Life.
Morgan was born on 6 December 1769 and educated at Christ College, Brecon. He then studied at the University of Oxford, firstly at Wadham College and then at Jesus College, and graduated in 1790. He later obtained his DD degree (1824). He was ordained and joined the Royal Navy as a navy chaplain. During the French Revolutionary Wars, Morgan was injured during the naval battle of the Glorious First of June in 1794. Four years later, he was serving at Spithead during the Spithead mutiny. Sympathetic to the men's grievances, he helped to restore order. Morgan served as chaplain and secretary to Admiral Sir Charles Cotton from 1799 to 1807, then served as a chaplain in naval hospitals before his final posting as chaplain at Portsmouth naval dockyard. He was also a priest of various parishes: Talley and Llansadwrn in Carmarthenshire, Llanfaches in Monmouthshire and Kings Langley, Hertfordshire. He died on 22 November 1851 in Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20074920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074920" title="McGill Guide">
McGill Guide

The McGill Guide is the unofficial name for the "Canadian Guide to Uniform Legal Citation", which establishes the legal citation standard in Canada. It is published by the "McGill Law Journal" of the McGill University Faculty of Law and is used by law students and lawyers throughout Canada. The book is bilingual, one half being in English and the other in French ("Manuel canadien de la référence juridique"). Its 7th edition was published August 17, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20074925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074925" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 115">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 115

The 115th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Lackawanna County and Wayne County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20074931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074931" title="Armed Offenders Squad (Victoria)">
Armed Offenders Squad (Victoria)

The Armed Offenders Squad was a unit of the Victorian Police tasked with investigating non-fatal violent crimes. Subject to frequent complaints of police brutality, the Squad was disbanded in 2006 following an investigation by the Victorian Office of Police Integrity.
Formation.
The predecessor of the Armed Offenders Squad was the Armed Robbery Squad, a unit regularly accused of excessive force and violence. The 1979 Beach Inquiry found that the Armed Robbery Squad had committed "abuses... so grave as to warrant the most prompt institution of safeguarding reforms.". In 1999 the Armed Robbery Squad, the Special Response Squad, and the Prison Squad were amalgamated to form the Armed Offenders Squad. At the time of its dissolution in 2006, the Squad was made up of 35 detectives.
Internal culture.
The Armed Offenders Squad had their own self-created logo of two golden revolvers with the barrels crossed. When the Squad would submit printed evidence to the Victorian Prosecutor, they superimposed the golden-revolver logo on top of the official Victoria Police badge symbol in contravention of Victorian Police regulations. All Squad members, including the squad's sole female member, adopted a uniform of black suits, white shirts, dark sunglasses and a team-issue black tie featuring the logo. The uniform was based on the clothes worn by the jewel-thieves in the film Reservoir Dogs.
Understaffing meant that the Armed Offenders Squad rarely had a permanent supervisor, operating instead under a succession of acting managers and short-term appointees. The Office of Police Integrity's investigation found that "informal Squad culture ... gained such strength and impenetrability that the chain of command was effectively reversed, to the point where some Squad members considered themselves immune from managerial accountability or authority." When, in 2003, a newly appointed Inspector drew up a comprehensive and detailed action plan to improve the day-to-day operations of the squad, his proposals were ignored until he was transferred out, at which point they were permanently shelved. When interviewed by the Office of Police Integrity, a former Squad manager said: "I’d rather see someone out getting complaints for working... You’re going to accumulate complaints if you work... sure you won’t get any if you just sit around and do nothing."
The Office of Police Integrity found that the Armed Offenders Squad were "contemptuous of the law", "divisive, insular, and exclusionary", and possessed an attitude of "elitist superiority within Victoria Police". Covert surveillance revealed that some members still identified with the disbanded Armed Robbery Squad, with Detective Mark Butterfield saying to a suspect "Welcome to the Armed Robbery Squad" before assaulting him.
Armed Offenders Squad detective Graeme Head crashed his car in Mentone in 2001 after a night of drinking with Squad colleagues. When police arrived and attempted to give him a breathalyser test, Head fled the scene twice and was finally captured with the aid of police dogs. Tests revealed that his blood alcohol level was more than three times the legal limit. When Head was found guilty of drink driving offences two years after the crash, Assistant Commissioner Simon Overland said "a lot has changed in two years" and that the Squad had been reformed since Head's crash.
In October 2005, Detective Inspector Bernie Rankin was appointed to head the Squad. Rankin, former head of the homicide squad and investigator of the Russell Street Bombing, was specifically tasked with reducing the number of complaints the squad was generating. On his appointment, Rankin held a meeting with the Squad members, telling them that their performance had to improve, and that the Inspector had to be notified when prisoners arrived for interrogation. He also warned them that video equipment would be installed in the interview rooms, although this was not arranged for more than two years. Briefings were moved from the informal setting of the Squad kitchen to a new operations room, and new administrative procedures were introduced to make sure that management was informed of the activities of the officers. After this period, there were fewer complaints made against the squad.
Investigation.
In July 2005, George Brouwer, the OPI's director, received a letter from a man claiming he had been punched, kicked, elbowed, thrown down a flight of stairs, choked unconscious, and strangled with a plastic bag over his head by three detectives from the Armed Offenders Squad. Later that year the OPI began an investigation into the Squad, codenamed "Operation Air". An initial statistical analysis of complaints indicated an unusually high rate of allegations of violence against the AOS compared to similar squads. Investigators placed covert electronic surveillance equipment in the Armed Offenders Squad's interrogation room at the Saint Kilda Road Police Station.
Beating of suspect A100.
The resulting secret footage revealed one suspect being told, prior to the commencement of a formal interview, that he was not allowed to request a lawyer and that if he did so, the formal audiotape of the interview would be erased and the interview would start afresh. The suspect was codenamed A100 and has being interrogated about the whereabouts of a shotgun used in robberies. A100 was held for six hours, during which he was not given anything to drink or allowed to use the toilet. During the interrogation he was dragged from his chair, assaulted by two officers, and punched and kicked until bloody while the officers yelled, between punches, "Fucking... Armed... Robbery... Squad". After the first assault on the suspect had already happened, Inspector Rankin entered the room for a supposed "welfare check". Rankin told the suspect: "It’s going to be a long hard day for you, pal. ... I suggest you listen to some of the advice that the boys are going to give you. It might be a lot less painful."
The six-hour detention yielded only fourteen minutes of formally taped interview. Detective Mark Butterfield was secretly taped punching the suspect in his ear, which began to bleed, and threatening that the ear would "come off" by the end of the interrogation. Towards the conclusion of the interview, the suspect asked whether he could make a telephone call, for which he was beaten with a telephone by Detective Robert Dabb who said: "Here it is, here's your fucking phone call... piece of shit."
Dissolution and aftermath.
In June 2006, the Squad's offices were raided by the OPI. At the time of the investigation, the powerful police union, the Police Association, was headed by Paul Mullett, a former Armed Robbery Squad detective. After the raid, he called for the OPI to be disbanded, calling the investigation a "disgrace".
On 13 September 2006, Chief Commissioner Christine Nixon called a meeting with the Squad's members to announce that the unit was being disbanded. The meeting was covertly recorded and its content leaked to the Herald Sun. The leaker also supplied the Herald Sun with a poem written by a Squad detective, "Ode to the Armed Offenders Squad", which ran in part:
They’ve done a good job, the bosses will say, but know that will last but for a day.
Because some have complained a door was broken, a dog was kicked and neighbours awoken.
But the crim is in the A.O.S. say, the bosses are angry; two complainants today.
So long as there’s bad crooks, they’ll need us around, if they’re rid of us then crime will abound.
Six days later, at a public hearing, Squad detectives Robert Lachlan Dabb, Mark Harrison Butterfield and Matthew Adrian Franc were shown videotape of themselves beating A100. Dabb collapsed in the witness stand when the video was shown. Kate. "Ex-detectives admit to bashing suspect." Age (Melbourne). 26 Feb 2008. All three claimed not to recognise themselves on the video and denied any involvement in the beating. They were suspended the next day. In response, the Police Association led a rally in Batman Park, which was attended by about 300 police and former members of the Squad, including Dabb, Butterfield, and Franc. The gathering passed resolutions calling for the Squad to be reinstated, for Christine Nixon to resign, and for the OPI to be disbanded. Police Association secretary Paul Mullett told the rally that disbanding the squad would lead to "what's currently occurring in NSW: drive-by shootings, ethnic gangs, race gangs, youth gangs, street gangs, gang rapes by the day". Eventually, Victoria Police guaranteed that the Squad members who were not charged would be guaranteed jobs in the Squad's replacement, the Armed Crime Task Force.
In May 2007, Detective Inspector Bernie Rankin was charged with counselling or procuring the commission of an assault. Dabb, Butterfield and Franc were charged with unlawful assault and lying to the OPI. The charges against Rankin were later dropped. Dabb, Butterfield, and Franc initially seemed likely to fight the charges but later pled guilty to assaulting the suspect. Dabb and Butterfield received sentences of ten weeks of community service. Frac was sentenced to five weeks.
With the criminal proceedings finalised, the OPI published its report on the Armed Offenders Squad in October 2008. The report found that replacing the Armed Offenders Squad with an Armed Crime Task Force had increased the percentage of crimes solved from 47% to 80%, and reduced the average number of annual complaints from 10 to less than 1. The report also recommended that video cameras be placed in all Victoria Police vehicles, due to numerous allegations of assaults taking place while suspects were being transported, and that suspects be videotaped from the moment of their arrival at the police station. It was concluded that the Squad was a "cultural relic" and that its members had " comfort from the strong support they received from the Police Association". Police Association secretary Paul Mullett would later step down after being charged with perjury and attempting to pervert the course of justice following an unrelated OPI investigation.Cameron Stewart.
The Armed Crime Taskforce, currently under the leadership of Detective Inspector Mick Sheehan, is highly regarded for its professional approach to complex investigations involving dangerous suspects.

</doc>
<doc id="20074934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074934" title="Dravo Corporation">
Dravo Corporation

Dravo Corporation was a shipbuilding company with shipyards in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Wilmington, Delaware. It was founded by Frank and Ralph Dravo in Pittsburgh in 1891. The corporation became "public" issuing stock and listed on the exchange in 1936 and in 1998 was bought out by Carmeuse for $192 million ($ million today). On March 5, 1942 it became the first corporation to receive the Army-Navy "E" Award for outstanding war time production. Dravo ranked 72nd among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20074989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074989" title="Russell Gerry Crook">
Russell Gerry Crook

Russell Gerry Crook (1869–1955) was an American sculptor and craftsman active in the Boston area. 
Crook was born in Lincoln, Massachusetts, and studied under John Henry Twachtman and Augustus Saint-Gaudens. He created the Kona Fountain in Center Harbor, New Hampshire (1907), as well as figureheads for Dodge Watercars and a pair of terracotta polar bears.

</doc>
<doc id="20074999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20074999" title="Peter Wood (businessman)">
Peter Wood (businessman)

Peter Wood, CBE (born Surrey, c.1946) is an English entrepreneur, most notable as the founder of the Direct Line and Esure insurance companies. In 2009 he was the 438th wealthiest person in Britain with a personal fortune of £120 million, according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2009, and his repeated successes in the past twenty years have accorded him a "legendary" reputation within the insurance industry.
His ascendency began with Direct Line, the first telephone-only insurance company in the UK when it was launched in 1985 by Wood and Martin Long. The venture was underwritten by the Royal Bank of Scotland, and was so successful that within nine years it had grown from nothing to become the biggest insurer of private vehicles in the country, claiming three times as many customers as the Royal Bank itself. Wood did not have a capital stake in Direct Line, having sold it to the Royal Bank in 1988 in return for a generous performance-related remuneration. It proved to be a prescient deal, as the company's rapid rise led to his becoming Britain's highest paid company director, receiving £1.6 million in 1991, £6 million in 1992, and £18.2 million in 1993. The subsequent attention and notoriety his pay attracted—Labour Party MP and then-shadow Trade Secretary Robin Cook called his bonus "obscene"—was a source of embarrassment both to Wood himself and the Royal Bank, who attempted to buy their way out of their contractual obligations with a one-off £24 million payment in 1994, taking his total income that year to £42 million. Wood himself claims that he personally requested an end to the deal, after receiving a letter bomb at the Direct Line offices which injured a member of staff. Nevertheless, Wood remained richly rewarded, receiving another £17 million in 1995 and remaining a byword for the perceived excesses of corporate boardrooms in the 1990s, according to critics.
He left Direct Line in 1997 in a parting that was not entirely amicable, but continued to work with the Royal Bank in other areas, including Privilege, an insurance company specializing in higher-risk customers which had been created in 1996.
In 1999 Wood established Esure, this time in partnership with rival bank Halifax, who provided £150 million of startup capital. Esure used the same business model as Direct Line and targeted the same customer base, establishing a foothold in the market before following with a subsidiary (First Alternative) in 2003 for drivers of higher premium vehicles. Even their advertising and marketing were similar, to the point where Direct Line challenged Esure's "Mr Mouse" character to be an infringement of their own iconic red telephone on wheels, and they successfully took Wood's new venture to court to prevent it being trademarked. A women-only specialist insurance brand, Sheilas' Wheels, was established by Wood and Esure in October 2005.
He currently serves as the chairman of Esure, having purchased the 70% stake Lloyds Banking Group held in the company on 11 February 2010.
Wood also set up up two insurance companies in the United States, Response (1995) and Homesite (1997), although his involvement both of with them came to an end in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20075010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075010" title="Tango Monastery">
Tango Monastery

The Tango Monastery is a Buddhist monastery located to the north of the capital city of Thimphu in Bhutan, near Cheri Mountain. It was founded by Lama Gyalwa Lhanampa in the 13th century and built in its present form by Tenzin Rabgye, the 4th Temporal Ruler in 1688. In 1616, the Tibetan, Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal, meditated in its cave. The self-emanated form of the wrathful Hayagriva is deified in the monastery. It belongs to the Drukpa Kagyu School
of Buddhism in Bhutan.
Etymology.
The word 'Tango' in Bhutanese language means “horse head”. This name conforms to the main deity Hayagriva (local name "Tandin") deified in the monastery.
Legend and tribute.
According to local legend, the location of this monastery is the holy place where Avalokiteshvara revealed himself as "the self-emanated form of the Wrathful Hayagriva". The location had been prophesised in Tibet. The acclamation of the divine nature of this place by Ngawang Tenzin is 
History.
According to a local legend Phajo Drugom Zhigpo propounder of the teachings of Dodeyna who was on a visit to this place during his teaching mission heard the neighing of a horse coming from the direction of the Tango. Concurrently, he witnessed the cliff in the form of god Tandin (horse head or "Hayagriva") engulfed in flames. The deity appearing before Zhigpo prophesised that the place was meant to build a monastery for meditation. The prophesy also mentioned that Zhigpo would marry the Dakini, Khando Sonam Peldon and establish the Drukpa Kagyu School of Buddhism in Bhutan.
The earliest history traced to this location is when Guru Rinpoche on a visit to the place in the 8th century had identified the place as representing the Hayagriva or horse head. It was only in 1222 that the place again got its recognition when Phajo Drugom Zhigpo, propounder of the Drukpa Kagyu School of Buddhism, witnessed the cliff in the form of god Tandin (horse head) or Hayagriva.
Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal migrated from Tibet to Bhutan in 1616 at the age of 23 not only at the request of Pal Yeshay Genpo but also due to a conflict with Deb Tsangpa of Tibet; Namgyel belonged to a respectable lineage of Tsangpa Jarey in Tibet and had been christened by the name of "Drukpa Rinpochhe Ngawang Tenzin Nampar Gyelwa Jigme Drak Pai Dey" and had attained name and fame from an young age as an enlightened dharma preacher. When he travelled in Bhutan on a preaching mission he was also attacked by Tibetan army (sent by his enemy Deb Tsangpa). However, by virtue of his skills in the field of tantric art he subdued his enemies, and finally went into meditation in the caves of the Tango Monastery; the monastery had been offered to him by the Tshewang Tenzing of Dorden (now Dodena). He deeply meditated and performed tantric ritual of Gempo in the cave of Tango. With these spiritual powers, Zhabdrung caused the decimation of the dynasty of Deb Tsangpa of Tibet. Consequently, he celebrated this victory by writing of his achievements by composing the “Nga Chudugma or My sixteen Accomplishments”.
Following his victory, Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal adopted the title of Dujom Dorjee, consolidated his powers and issued sixteen tenets. He renamed the cave monastery as "Duduel Phug" and then went back to the cave for further meditation. However, the cave was attacked by his enemies using tantric powers. They had destroyed the cliff of the caves, which resulted in blocking of the cave by a huge boulder (size of a yak), which by providence narrowly missed killing the Namgyal, as it is said “the boulder missed Zamdrung’s head by an inch”. His followers considered Zamdrung’s survival as a miracle. During this period Namgyals’ father Tenpai Nima had died and Namgyal brought his father’s body to the cave and cremated it in the cave of the horse head cliff, in Tango. Thereafter, in 1620, Namgyal built the Chari monastery and the Duduel Chorten in memory of his father; the building was constructed by skilled carpenters brought from Nepal.
Gyalse Tenzin Rabgye son of Tshewang Tenzin and Damchoe Tenzima (daughter of the Lama of Chang Gangkha) born in 1638 AD, received religious instructions from a very young age in the Drukpa Kargyud tradition from Shabdrung and his teacher Damchoe Gyeltshe and was very proficient in the tradition when he ascended the throne of Desi at the age of 31. He also
became the 4th Desi at the age of 43. As the 4th Temporal Ruler he creditably ruled the country in accordance with set spiritual and temporal laws. The Tango Monastery was rebuilt by him in its present form in 1688/1689. The monastery built with 12 corners has the 3-storey gallery central tower. It was further extended in the 18th and 19th centuries. In the late 19th century, Shabdrung Jigmre Choegyal had a golden roof installed. In 1966 AD, the 64th rJe Khenpo Jamyang Yeshey Sengyel along with Her Royal Highness the Grandmother Ashi Phuntshog Chodon also restarted the Shaydra School of Buddhist Studies). In 1977 AD, Her Majesty the Queen Mother Ashi Kesang Wangchuck refurbished the monastery into a very elegant structure vis-a-vis the original. The monastery underwent restoration again in the mid 1990s and is currently the residence of the 7th Tri Rinpoche, a young incarnation of Tenzin Rabgye. Today it is run as an upper-education level monastic school.
Architecture.
Tango Monastery is built in the dzong fashion, and has a characteristic curved (semi-circular) outside wall and prominent main tower with recesses. It covers the caves where originally meditation and miracles were performed by saints from the 12th century onwards. Behind the series of prayer wheels are engraved slates. Inside the courtyard is a gallery, illustrating the leaders of the Drukpa Kagyupa lineage.
The caves, the original place, before the monastery structure as it exists now was built, is where the holy saints meditated from the 12th century onwards. The rock face identified as the 'Horse head' or 'Hayagriva' is integral to the rock setting of the caves. The caves are formed at two levels – the lower and upper caves with a self formed secret central passage. The central cavern is proclaimed as the “cavern of a dakini containing triangular red and black colours and a natural divine mansion”.
The rock faces at different levels exhibit self-manifest figures of the sun, the moon and of the demon "Matramrutra". Other self emanated divine forms identified within the caves consist of: the "Pal-khorlo-dompa" (Sri Cakrasambhara gods seen even now); a long cavernous passage in the basement that makes a distinction between the good and the evil while manoeuvring through it; the projecting rock face in the form of Hayagriva directly facing the valley denoting "Abhicarya" in ferocious shapes; a temple of Hayagriva at the lower level; crystal images of tutelary deities; a three-faced Hayagriva (discovered by Ngawang Tenzin); a whip containing combined prayers; a stone slab with foot print of a dakini (the youngest daughter of Ngawang Tenzin); a temple of the four handed Mahakala at the upper cave created by the Shabdrung, a hazardous cave at the bottom – a fit place for hermits; and a large sandalwood tree, considered as walking stick that was planted by Phajo Drukgom with the prophesy that "This will be the centre from which the Drukpa Kargyud doctrine will spread". There is chorten near the cypress trees where Khando Sonam Peldon died. All her belongings are enshrined in the chorten. A Tandin Nye, a temple built by Phajo after his meditation. is also located here.
The 12-cornered monastery was built under the direction of the Gyalse Tenzin Rabgyein in a short span of two months. Basically the monastery has six temples namely, the Trulku lhakhang, the Longku lhakhang, the Choeku lhakhang, the Guru lhakhang, the Namsey Lhakhang and the Gonkhang (inner chapel dedicated to a deity). 
On the ground floor in the Tulku lhakhang, is the temple of Trulku where the main deity is of Buddha made in gold and copper. Buddha statue is thrice the height of a man. The sculptor of this statue was the renowned Panchen Deva of Nepal. Flanking the main deity are a clay Buddha Dipankara cast in medicinal metals and a statue of Maitreya (double the height of a man). Life-size statues of the 8 chief spiritual sons of the Buddha (the Jang Sem Nye Wai Say Chen Gyad (Jamyang), Chador, Chenrizig (Avaloketeshvara), Namkhai Nyingpo (Akashagarba), Dripa Namsel, Saye Nyingpo, Jamba and Jampel Zhenu Jurpa) are also located here. These statues are credited to be the work of craftsmen Trulku Dzing and Druk Chophel. Other objects of veneration in the monastery are a stone with a clear footprint of Jetsuen Tenzinma, daughter of Ngawang Tenzin, and also stone impressions of riding horses, goats, and sheep. A golden key discovered by Ngawang Tenzin, in the shape of a horse-head is much revered. Another adjoining temple, the Gonkhang, is dedicated to the four handed Mahakala (Pel Yeshey Gonpo, the protective deity) temple holding a skull in one hand; the skull is said to be that of the Tibetan King Thrisong Detsan."
On the second floor, the statue of Avalokiteshvara – the Buddha of compassion – made (by Panchen Deva of Nepal) of gold and copper is installed in the Longku lhakhang. Also seen on this floor are the temple of Guru Rinpoche and the Namse palace. There is also the Namsey lhakhang where the statue of Namsey (Vaisravana – the god of wealth) is deified. 
On the third floor, there are temples of Dharmakaya and a gold and copper statue of Buddha Amitayus (made by Panchen Deva). Buddha image is flanked by a statue of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal and a life-size clay figure, made with medicinal metals, of Gyalse Tenzin Rabgye. The bedroom of Gyalse Tenzin Rabgye is located to the right of the temples. Central to this room is an image of Guru Rinpoche (who appeared in Tenzin Rabgye's vision). Other object seen here includes the Kargyud Serthreng. Other images are made with medicinal metals and all images here are credited to Trulku Dzing, the sculptor. A set of paintings seen on the walls here are weeping images. The depiction of weeping is an expression of sorrow at the demise of Gyalse Tenzin Rabgye, at the age of 59 years. There is also self-made image of Trulku Jampel Yamtsho. Wall paintings are seen on all the three floors of the monastery.
There is a natural fountain in the middle of the courtyard opposite to the central tower. A chaitya known as Jangchub Chorten or Kudung Chorten, built with the ashes of Gyalse Tenzin Rabgye is located between the Dzong and the monastery.
Festival.
The Yarney ('Yar' means “Summer” and 'Ney' means “To stay”) represents monks' summer retreat time and is an important annual festival that is held in this monastery. Initiated since 1967, the festival starts from the 15th day of the 6th month of the Bhutanese calendar and concludes on the 30th day of the 7th month, which corresponds to the month of August/September in the Gregorian calendar. During this period, which lasts for one-and-a-half-months, the monks observe special vows and the strictest monastic disciplines. The observances by the monks are in the form of their wearing ceremonial yellow robes, do elaborate chants of prayers before and after eating (eating meals from begging bowls), desist taking the afternoon meal, do not leave the precincts of the monastery, and not involve in any kind of entertainment on holidays; such observances are deemed to accumulate great merits. During this period, common people make food offerings to the monks.

</doc>
<doc id="20075021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075021" title="Millbrae Crescent">
Millbrae Crescent

Millbrae Crescent is a street located in Glasgow providing numerous examples of category A listed buildings thought to be designed by Alexander "Greek" Thomson, or posthumously by his architectural partner, Robert Turnbull. The street comprises an elegant row of two-storey terraced houses built using blonde sandstone and exemplifying Thomson's typical use of Egyptian-derived columns and ornamentation. Millbrae Crescent is located on the River Cart in Langside, Glasgow, and within close proximity of Thomson's noted residential Victorian villa, Holmwood House. The crescent, which is located near the White Cart Water river, has been a high risk area for flooding over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20075044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075044" title="Helwangspitz">
Helwangspitz

Helwangspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, to the east of Vaduz, with a height of / or 2000 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20075045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075045" title="Chris Hughes (record producer)">
Chris Hughes (record producer)

Christopher Merrick Hughes (born 3 March 1954, London, England), also known as Merrick, is an English record producer and former drummer for Adam and the Ants. Best known as producer of Tears for Fears' "Songs from the Big Chair", and as the co-writer of "Everybody Wants to Rule the World", Hughes has a joint background as a musician, songwriter and producer. His career began with Adam and The Ants as drummer and producer of "Kings of the Wild Frontier". Yielding three hit singles, the album earned Hughes "Music Week" 's 'Producer of the Year Award'.
Life and career.
Hughes was educated at Emanuel School in London, and was a member of Adam and the Ants, also producing their albums, "Kings of the Wild Frontier" and "Prince Charming". Hughes was awarded "Music Week"’s "Producer of the Year" award for his work on the album, "Kings of the Wild Frontier". He co-wrote Tears for Fears' hit song "Everybody Wants to Rule the World", and produced their first two albums, "The Hurting" and the platinum selling album "Songs from the Big Chair". Hughes also produced The Electric Soft Parade's debut album, "Holes in the Wall", which was nominated for the Mercury Prize, and Propaganda's "1234". Hughes was also a member of Dalek I Love You, is credited as LinnDrum programmer on Peter Gabriel's single, "Shock the Monkey" and co-produced Gabriel's "Red Rain".
In February 1994, Hughes released "Shift", his first solo album, which was re-released in July 2008. "Shift" was a tribute to American minimalist composer, Steve Reich. In 1972, Hughes' father took him to London to see Reich's performance of "Drumming". Hughes credits Reich as a driving influence in his career. "Shift" uses fragments of Reich's work and "subjects it to subtle manipulations using the technology of recorded sound".
At db records, Hughes worked on the early development of Tom McRae and The Electric Soft Parade, producing debut albums that were both nominated for a Mercury Music Prize.
The first solo release by Hughes, "Shift", was a re-working of compositions by Steve Reich, and was originally released on the Fontana label in February 1994. It was re-released by Helium Records in July 2008.
Hughes has worked with many artists including: Adam and the Ants, Tears For Fears, Robert Plant, Paul McCartney, Peter Gabriel, Wang Chung, Tom McRae, Electric Soft Parade, Propaganda, Howard Jones, Lloyd Cole, Jon Bon Jovi, Tori Amos and The Tearjerkers.

</doc>
<doc id="20075061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075061" title="Samia Sarwar">
Samia Sarwar

Samia Sarwar (1970-6 April 1999) was a Pakistani Pukhtun woman, who was shot dead in her lawyers' office in Lahore in an "honor killing". Samia Sarwar's family belong from Khyber Pukhtoonkhwa and Samia escaped from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and came to Lahore, but she was traced by her family members. The murder was arranged by her mother, father and aunt - because of the shame they felt in her attempt to leave her children and elope with another man while seeking divorce from her husband, her aunt's son (her cousin). Her murder case became noticeable for a number of reasons (see below).
The killing.
The killing took place at a meeting between her mother and Samia at her lawyers' office - her mother enabled the murderer to get access to the meeting, by insisting she had trouble walking and needed assistance.
Samia had been married several years to a cousin, her mother's sister's son—and had suffered continuing violence and abuse. She decided to get a divorce. In the meantime she fell in love with an army captain Nadir Mirza, and requested her family's permission to marry him. Upon their refusal, she left her children and eloped with Nadir, despite her unfinalized divorce. From Peshawar (Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa) they escaped to Lahore (Province of Punjab). For a few days in Lahore, they stayed at a 5 star hotel, while her family searched for her in Peshawar, NWFP. Soon Nadir and Samia ran out of money, she then contacted her relatives to request money, who reported her whereabouts to her parents. 
Upon lack of support from relatives to provide money and shelter, Nadir went back to work in Peshawar, and Samia took refuge in Dastak, a shelter for women in Lahore. Unable to return home, Samia stayed at Dastak while waiting for her divorce. 
Samia's mother sought permission to see her at Dastak by claiming that the family had accepted her relationship with Nadir. She was accompanied by a man whom Samia didn't recognize. He was there ostensibly to help her frail mother walk. Once in the lawyer's office the man pulled out a gun and shot Samia dead.
Aftermath.
Nadir was dismissed from the army on the basis of irresponsible behavior, and left the country soon after. He is believed to be residing in Britain, and is married with two children.
Despite public protests and demonstrations, Pakistani authorities have yet to make arrests in the case.
The case is notable for a number of reasons. Firstly, some claim (such as James Emery, Anthropologist at Metropolitan State College of Denver, USA) that honour killings only occur among rural or uneducated groups - whereas Samia's mother was a doctor - and her father Ghulam Sarwar Khan Mohmand, a wealthy businessman and head of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Chamber of Commerce.
Death threats and fatwas against the lawyers.
The two renowned activists, Hina Jilani and Asma Jehangir, were threatened with death for their defense of Samia murdered by her family for trying to obtain a divorce.
Ironically, Ms. Jehangir is also the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Extra-Judicial Killings. 
The death threats were issued by a number of religious groups, most notably the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam.
Award winning BBC documentary.
An award winning BBC documentary 'Licence to Kill' covered Samia and other honour killing cases: and was winner of the RTS 2001 (Best TV journalism). This programme was first broadcast on Saturday 25 March 2000. 
Licence to Kill is the follow-up to 1999's award-winning documentary, Murder in Purdah, on the killing of women in Pakistan.
While Murder in Purdah showed how casually women are killed in Pakistan, Licence to Kill shows how state institutions endorse such killings and allow the killers to escape without punishment. 
The BBC programme notes: "The Pakistan Penal Code, amended in 1990 to embrace Islamic principles, has made it easier for those who kill women to get away with it". 
Murder in Purdah won the Peabody award for journalism, the George Polk Award for television, the Johns Hopkins University Award and a New York TV medal. Also shown at Cannes Film Festival in May 2000.
Both films were selected for cinema screening at the Human Rights Watch Film Festival in London March 2000.
A 2 minute video clip from the film, telling Samia's story, is available on the BBC website
Political consequences at the Pakistani Senate.
After the murder, Senator Syed Iqbal Haider of the Pakistan Peoples Party, supported by 19 fellow Senators, framed a resolution condemning the practice of 'honour killings.' Iqbal had to amend the wording of the resolution four times, as supporting Senators became fewer. On the day, the majority of the Upper House opposed the resolution, Senator Ajmal Khattak claiming that when it is a question of 'honour,' there is no room even for discussion. Chairman Rhodes Scholar Wasim Sajjad ruled that there could be no discussion on the matter. The resolution was not tabled.

</doc>
<doc id="20075079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075079" title="Alpspitz">
Alpspitz

Alpspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, to the east of Vaduz, with a height of or 1942 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20075093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075093" title="Warsaw Tramway">
Warsaw Tramway

The Warsaw Tramway () is a ( of single track) system serving a third of Warsaw, Poland, and serving half the city's population. It operates over 750 cars, and is the second-largest system in the country, after the Silesian system. There are about 25 regular lines, forming a part of the city's integrated public transport system organized by the Warsaw Transport Authority. Since 1994 the system is operated by the municipal-owned company Tramwaje Warszawskie Sp. z.o.o.
History.
Horse tram.
The history of tram transport in Warsaw dates back to 1866 when a long horsecar line was built to transport goods and passengers between the Vienna Railway Station and the Wilno and Terespol stations across the Vistula River. This was in order overcome limitations placed by the occupational Russian authorities which, for strategic reasons, prevented the construction of a railway bridge. In 1880 a second line was constructed with Belgian capital, this time intended as public transit within the city. The Belgian company quickly expanded its own lines, and in 1882 took over the line between the railway stations, which has lost most of its original purpose after a railway bridge was built in 1875. In 1899 the entire tram system, by then of tracks with 234 tram cars and 654 horses operating 17 lines, was purchased by the city. By 1903 plans were drafted to convert the system to electric trams, which was done by 1908.
Interbellum.
The development mostly stagnated for the next 10 years with only a few short stretches built. After World War I, the network developed rapidly handling increased traffic and extending to the outskirts of the city with the network reaching the length of and 757 tram cars in 1939. In 1927, a privately owned light rail line called EKD (today Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa) was built, connecting several neighboring towns with the center of Warsaw using electric railcars similar to trams, only larger and more massive, with frequent stops and tracks running along the streets in city; however the system was incompatible with the Warsaw trams as it used standard gauge tracks while the city network still used broad gauge left from Russian times. In 1925, the company operating the Warsaw trams decided to construct a rapid transit system. Preliminary boring started, but the Warsaw Metro was postponed because of the Great Depression; the idea resurfaced in 1938, but was again buried with the outbreak of World War II.
Second half of the 20th century.
The tram system remained operational, although gradually deteriorating, during most the Nazi occupation until the Warsaw Uprising in 1944, after which all the infrastructure was systematically destroyed. After the war it was rebuilt relatively fast. As the system was practically built from scratch the occasion was used to convert it to standard gauge. During the 1950s and 1960s, the network was extended to newly built districts of soviet style panel houses and industrial plants and newer trams based on the design of Presidents' Conference Committee were introduced. Due to the city's lack of a metro system and restriction on car ownership, the tram system remained the backbone of Warsaw's transport system. In the 1960s, however, a political decision was made to increase the dependency on oil imported from Russia, while Polish coal was to be exported to Western Europe in exchange for hard currency; as a result, newly developed districts were connected with the city center by buses rather than trams, and some of the existing tracks were closed.
Present situation.
After 1989, the tram system in Warsaw initially received little investment with a large part of the city's budget spent on the construction of the first Warsaw Metro line. However, since 2005, the situation is changing with the purchase of new rolling stock, modernization of key tram lines, deployment of a passenger information system. Plans also include an "intelligent" traffic management system which is to prioritize trams on traffic lights and plans to extend the network. In August 2008, a tender for delivery of 186 completely low-floor, air-conditioned trams was launched, allowing for a dramatic change of the outlook of the tramway system. 
As of the 2013 city is in the process of laying two completely new tram routes. The first in the northern part of the city across the Maria Skłodowska-Curie Bridge presently recently erected over the Vistula River, linking a quickly growing remote residential district on the north eastern outskirts of the city with the existing network at the terminus of Warsaw's first metro line. The second in the western part of city, a short segment linking two existing lines in order to create a direct connection between two districts.
Both projects are significantly delayed, the first one has been partially opened using specially purchased bi-directional trams that do not require a turning loop.
Route list.
This is a list of Warsaw Tramway lines. There are currently several track closures all over the tramway system, due to the building of works of the second underground line. This list shows tram lines which are operating as of 3 October 2012 and the routes they operate on as of the same date.

</doc>
<doc id="20075114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075114" title="Gafleispitz">
Gafleispitz

Gafleispitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, to the east of Schaan, with a height of .

</doc>
<doc id="20075136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075136" title="Gerald Ford judicial appointment controversies">
Gerald Ford judicial appointment controversies

During President Gerald Ford's presidency, he nominated two people for two different federal appellate judgeships who were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee before Ford's presidency ended. Neither of the two nominees was renominated by Ford's successor, President Jimmy Carter. Both nominees were nominated after July 1, 1976, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year. Both seats eventually were filled by appointees of President Jimmy Carter.
The two nominees were blocked in committee; no committee hearings ever were held for either one.
List of failed nominees.
According to an October 12, 1976 memo to President Ford from his personnel director, Douglas Bennett, eight U.S. district court nominees also were nominated during 1976 but never acted upon by the U.S. Senate: Ed Bethune (nominated June 15, 1976), Donald G. Brotzman (nominated July 22, 1976), Elizabeth A. Kovachevich (nominated June 8, 1976; later nominated by President Reagan to a district court seat and confirmed by the U.S. Senate), John Moore (nominated August 4, 1976), Richard Revell (nominated April 26, 1976), Donald Walter (nominated August 5, 1976; later nominated by President Reagan to a district court seat and confirmed by the U.S. Senate), Herbert De Simone (nominated August 5, 1976), and James Andersen (nominated August 6, 1976).

</doc>
<doc id="20075157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075157" title="Riccardo Zadra">
Riccardo Zadra

Riccardo Zadra is an Italian pianist. 
Zadra was awarded the 1988 Sydney Competition's 2nd prize. He has performed and recorded internationally since. He is the founder of the Accademia pianistica internazionale de Padova, presided by Aldo Ciccolini, and teaches at the Vicenza Conservatory.

</doc>
