<doc id="20112594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112594" title="Charles Taylor (rugby player)">
Charles Taylor (rugby player)

Engineer Captain Charles Gerald Taylor LVO (8 May 1863 – 24 January 1915) was a Royal Navy officer and Wales international rugby union player who played club rugby for Blackheath. He was the first Welsh international to be killed in action during World War I. Taylor was an all-round athlete, and at one time was the Welsh pole vault champion.
Military career.
Born in Ruabon, Wales on 8 May 1863, Taylor joined the Royal Navy on 1 July 1885, when he was rated an acting assistant engineer. Following his initial training he was confirmed in the rank on 1 July 1886. He was promoted to engineer on 1 September 1890, and chief engineer on 30 December 1900. He became an engineer lieutenant on 26 March 1903, and on 30 December 1904 was promoted to engineer commander. On 3 February 1911 King George V appointed him a Member of the Fourth Class of the Royal Victorian Order On 7 February 1912 he was promoted to engineer captain.
Much of Taylor's career was spent at training or other shore establishments. However, shortly after the outbreak of World War I he was posted to the battlecruiser HMS "Queen Mary", on 16 September 1914. On 20 November he was transferred to HMS "Tiger". On 24 January 1915, "Tiger" was one of the vessels engaged in the Battle of Dogger Bank. HMS "Tiger" was struck by fire from the German cruiser SMS "Blücher", and Taylor died during the engagement. Taylor was not buried at sea, and his body was returned to Britain to be buried at Tavistock New Cemetery in Devon.
Rugby career.
Taylor made his debut for Wales against England in 1884 under the captaincy of Charlie Newman in the Home Nations Championship. Wales lost the game but Taylor would play in the remaining two games of the campaign against Scotland and Ireland. In 1884 Taylor was reselected for Wales, in a team that would host several past and future captains, including Arthur Gould, Tom Clapp, Frank Hancock and Newman. In the 1885 Championship Taylor made his first international score when he converted William Stadden's try, though as no points were given to conversions at the time he is recorded with no career score.
In 1885, Taylor was spending much of his time in London, and when a group of Welshmen came together to form a club for London 'exiles', Taylor was among them. The club formed in June 1885, and Taylor became a committee member at the first meeting and then on 21 October became a member of the very first London Welsh team. London Welsh would become a prominent club providing many Welsh internationals, the very first team containing six internationals; Taylor, Arthur Gould, Martyn Jordan, Thomas Judson, T. Williams and Rowley Thomas.
In 1886, Taylor was part of Frank Hancock's team that experimented with the four threequarter system for the first time in an international match. It was an unsuccessful experiment and was abandoned during the match. Taylor's final game for Wales was in 1887 against Ireland in a win at Birkenhead.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20112604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112604" title="Cipher (newuniversal)">
Cipher (newuniversal)

Cipher (Jennifer Swann) is a character from the newuniversal imprint of Marvel Comics, and is one of the four initial superhumans created by the White Event in 2006 (the others being Justice, Nightmask, and Star Brand). "newuniversal", designated Earth-555 in the Marvel Comics multiverse, is a re-imagining of the New Universe imprint from the late 1980s. The name Cipher actually refers to two things: a powerful extra-dimensional glyph (tattoo) that confers superhuman powers on a sentient being, and the name of the being that wields the glyph. Cipher is a new superhuman created by Warren Ellis and Salvador Larroca who were inspired by the original Spitfire and the nature of the Star Brand itself (as an extra-dimensional tool of near-unlimited power), combined with strong conceptual ties to Iron Man.
Fictional character biography.
Project Spitfire.
Essentially nothing is known about Dr. Jennifer Swann’s early life, or where she earned her doctorate. Sometime in the late 1990s or early 2000s she was hired by the NSA to work on Project Spitfire, taking her father’s previous position there. Jennifer continues the work her father, Dr. Joseph Swann, begain in 1959 on the H.E.X. (Human Enhancement eXperimental) initiative, an armored exoskeleton that is intended to enable its wearer to combat superhumans with a wide variety of weapons. The original suit was created by Anthony Stark in 1959 who became Cipher in the "The Fireworks" event in 1955, and is an alternate version of Tony Stark (Iron Man) from the mainstream Marvel Universe. Prior to the events in "newuniversal #1", neither Jennifer nor her father were able to perfect the design, both suffering broken bones during testing.
Swann herself was transformed by the White Event when the Cipher glyph bonded with her, acquiring similar superhuman abilities as Anthony Stark (the glyph appears as a tattoo on the back of her neck). The superhuman abilities granted by the Cipher glyph allowed her to swiftly complete the H.E.X. suit.
Powers and abilities.
The Cipher glyph grants Jennifer enhanced technological knowledge and perceptions that allow her to understand current technology and command it, as well as construct advanced technology. The ideas for new technology hit her quickly, causing an insatiable desire to produce them. These ideas for new technology will fade soon after creating the devices, and it is not yet clear if she will be able to recall past designs, though she does seem able to build/invent technological devices for specific purposes. Jennifer also has the ability to access and interact with devices and stored data through electrical outlets and devices, presumably gaining the data through electrical wiring and wireless signals.
Jennifer is able to control and issue commands to existing devices through verbal commands, and while it is unclear if she can use mental commands, she can see the information of any given device as though she had a HUD (Heads-Up-Display) right in front of her eyes. Furthermore, her ability also allows her to manifest her own knowledge and superimpose it on whatever she sees. As of "newuniversal: Shockfront #2" it is unclear if her abilities are limited or blocked by passwords and/or other security features of existing technology (such as firewalls, disinformation, and viruses).
H.E.X. Armor.
The H.E.X. (Human Enhancement eXperimental) armor has only one purpose: kill superhumans. The armor is reminiscent of mainstream Marvel’s Sentinels, except that it is a battle suit which must be piloted by a human (though it is possible that in the future, unmanned versions could be developed). Anthony Stark created a suit of armor from spare parts in 1959 to escape a North Vietnamese prison, paralleling the origins of Iron Man in the mainstream Marvel universe (Earth-616). The armor he created appears almost exactly as the original suit of armor he created. However, after the murder of Anthony Stark by Philip Voight, his armor was taken by Project Spitfire to be reverse-engineered by Jennifer's father.
The H.E.X. suit has a wide variety of weapons designed to kill superhumans. It has machine guns, mini-guns, and possibly rocket launchers, all with built-in laser sighting technology and automated targeting systems. It also enables the pilot to lift extremely heavy objects and is also equipped with razor sharp talons for close-quarter combat. It is not yet known if the suit can allow its wearer to fly, but if it can then it stands to become a major threat to any superhuman it faces.
The completion the H.E.X. battle-suit will help Philip Voight and Project Spitfire in hunting down and killing any and all superhumans. While Jennifer’s motives are not explicitly revealed as to why she would complete the H.E.X. battle-suit, it could be argued that she did so out of respect for her father’s memory (i.e., wanting to finish his life's work), combined with the fact that she is following the orders of her direct superior. That said, it is unclear if the Cipher glyph forces her to complete tasks that she sets for herself.
As of newunivsersal: shockfront #2 it is not clear if Jennifer built-in any fail-safe(s) that would protect her from the suit.
Previous Ciphers.
Anthony Stark.
Anthony Stark is an alternate version of Tony Stark of from Marvel's main stream universe Earth-616. In 1953 Anthony Stark, son of a wealthy industrialist and heir to Stark Industries, becomes the Cipher during the failed Fireworks event. Prior to gaining the Cipher glyph, Anthony was a mediocre student and cared little for business or for technology, but after becoming Cipher he became a technological genius. His newfound paranormal abilities enabled him to turn the then failing Stark Industries into a cutting-edge company that began producing technology five years more advanced than anyone else. By the age of 16 he was recruited to M.I.T. through the early-admission program, where he excelled without ever taking the time to study. Interestingly, the Cipher glyph was not located on the back of his neck as it was with Jennifer Swann, and must have either been located somewhere else on his body or he had hidden it from view.
In 1959 Stark’s plane was shot down over North Vietnam and he was imprisoned, though it is unknown if it was an official military prison or a prison operated by private interests (which is highly possible). There, using spare parts, he designed and built a suit of armor, though there is no evidence that he used the name “Iron Man” at any time. The government tracked his escape flight from North Vietnam and ordered him to Naval Base San Diego, San Diego, for debriefing. There, he met Dr. Joseph Swan, Jennifer’s father, and Philip Voight, who questioned him concerning his escape and armor under the guise of national security.
It was there that Philip Voight murdered Anthony Stark as per the mandate of Project Spitfire.
Baneth.
In the "newuniversal: conqueror" one-shot, set in 2,689 BCE, we are introduced to the Earth’s first Cipher. "Conqueror" takes place a few years after the Earth’s first failed White Event, and details the twilight days of the city of Zardath. Zardath was a city Cipher helped to establish with that era’s Star Brand, Justice, and Nightmask, named Starr the Slayer, Ukru, and Trull respectively.
The Cipher glyph is located on Baneth’s right arm, which is a different location from Jennifer's, and supports the fact that Stark’s Cipher glyph was not visible. Baneth does not understand what she creates, and believes that the technological ideas she has are gifts from the “sky gods”, and that they compel her to invent. She refers to her ideas as “blue fire” and “making thoughts”, and the act of inventing/creating as “buildup”. As such, she believes that the gods use magic to communicate with her, and most likely believes that most of the machines she creates are magical in nature.
Due to the nature of the age, Baneth is not a particularly educated person (nor is anyone else for that matter), and it is clear that the technology she creates is far more advanced than that era in history boasts. Because of this, Baneth is also called “Enginesmith”. Some examples include electrical generators, arc lights, and even energy-based weapons that seemed to fire the same type of energy found in the superflow.
Two facts were revealed in "Conqueror": first, the aliens within the superflow have the ability to communicate through the glyphs, and second, their universe of origin. Baneth creates a machine designed to allow the alien device within the superflow to communicate with Starr, in order to inform him that Trull had betrayed him. When questioned by Starr and Trull where the “voices” were coming from, since the device didn’t have a mouth, Baneth answered that they came from the “timelight”. The aliens reveal that they belong to the “Divudian Queendom”, located in “"superattenuated reality 228 (reparadigmed)"”.
By the end of "Conqueror" it is not revealed what happens to Baneth, but a comment made by Starr hints at her gradual descent to insanity. However, it is revealed that Trull’s actions were the direct cause of Baneth’s growing mental instability.

</doc>
<doc id="20112605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112605" title="Test execution engine">
Test execution engine

A test execution engine is a type of software used to test software, hardware or complete systems.
Synonyms of test execution engine:
A test execution engine may appear in two forms:
Concept.
The test execution engine does not carry any information about the tested product. Only the test specification and the test data carries information about the tested product.
The test specification is software. Test specification is sometimes referred to as test sequence, which consists of test steps.
The test specification should be stored in the test repository in a text format (such as source code).
Test data is sometimes generated by some test data generator tool.
Test data can be stored in binary or text files.
Test data should also be stored in the test repository together with the test specification.
Test specification is selected, loaded and executed by the test execution engine similarly, as application software is selected, loaded and executed by operation systems. The test execution engine should not operate on the tested object directly, but though plug-in modules similarly as an application software accesses devices through drivers which are installed on the operation system.
The difference between the concept of test execution engine and operation system is that the test execution engine monitors, presents and stores the status, results, time stamp, length and other information for every Test Step of a Test Sequence, but typically an operation system does not perform such profiling of a software execution.
Reasons for using a test execution engine:
Functions.
Main functions of a test execution engine:
An advanced test execution engine may have additional functions, such as:
Advanced functions of the test execution engine maybe less important for software testing, but these advanced features could be essential when executing hardware/system tests.
Operations types.
A test execution engine by executing a test specification, it may perform different types of operations on the product, such as:
If the subject is a software, verification is the only possible operation.
Implementation Examples.
Proprietary.
Software test:
Hardware or system test:
Open Source.
Hardware or system test:

</doc>
<doc id="20112623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112623" title="Germania (guild)">
Germania (guild)

Revolt.
The "germanies" began to take power in Valencia in 1519 after an outbreak of the plague, and the situation degenerated to open warfare between the "Germanies" and the Crown by 1520. The previous king, Ferdinand of Aragon, had granted permission for the "Germanies" to take up arms shortly before his death, but the Valencian nobles had mostly quashed this possibility, fearing the "Germanies" would gain political power if they could back their demands with force. King Charles I, however, issued an edict legalizing the "Germanies" to take up arms in 1519, which allowed the "Germanies" to strike back at the royal government after the new Viceroy of Valencia refused to seat elected representatives friendly to the "Germanies".
The "Germanies" were defeated after a year of warfare and another year of guerrilla raids from the countryside. Their leaders were executed as traitors and the "Germanies" were banned.

</doc>
<doc id="20112638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112638" title="Woundlicker">
Woundlicker

Woundlicker is a novel by the journalist Jason Johnson, which is set in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The story takes place during the slow-moving Northern Ireland peace process talks of 2004 and is written as the verbatim transcription of a covert British government recording. Johnson said his debut novel, published in 2005, was "a story without heroes set in a city where there are far too many."
Plot summary.
The story is narrated by a disagreeable misfit and heavy drinker called Fletcher Fee who works in a car wash at the Stormont government building. Some days after witnessing the violent abuse of an 18-year-old called Molly Duddy, Fee finds a listening device secreted in one of the government's black Mercedes cars which he is cleaning. He begins defining his character to the device, informing it and the reader that he is the product of a violent marriage between a Catholic father and a Protestant mother. Ultimately, Fee explains, he plans to break free from the shackles of a divided society. He develops a mild obsession with Molly, whom he refers to as Wee Blondie, as well as a plan to befriend her.
During a protest, overzealous police shoot Fee's only friend, a Muslim colleague called Karim. The killing, which gets second place in a news media obsessed with Northern Ireland politics, spurs 25-year-old Fee towards a dangerous and violent form of revenge. His targets are politicians and paramilitaries from both traditions in Northern Ireland, Loyalist and Republican. The police, as well as both sides of the polarised community, are soon baffled as to who is carrying out these murders because they do not fit the traditional template of killing in Northern Ireland. After each murder, Fee returns to work and gets back in to the car. There he describes what he has done and attempts to explain why he did it.
After a savage and public double-killing which follows Fee's first sexually charged meeting with Molly, he flees as the police try and fail miserably to track him down. The final chapter contains an official government response denying that it or any of its agents were aware of Fee or of his activities before his final act. It also contains a denial, aimed at a suspicious Press, insisting that the government played no part in facilitating Fee's escape. Rumours from Stormont had suggested that unscrupulous powers had viewed his attacks as a way of getting both sides to refocus on the issue at hand, by way of a common enemy. However the reader is already aware that all of Fee's words are a transcription from secret government recordings in which the protagonist is codenamed Woundlicker.
In a follow up police operation, a letter from Fee is found in Molly's house suggesting that she join him as he begins to make a new life for himself. Molly, like Fee, is nowhere to be found.
Reaction.
"Woundlicker", Johnson's debut novel, was well received by critics in Ireland, with the author being described by playwright Nell McCafferty as "The Irish Irvine Welsh" due to its colloquial and visceral style.
"Dark and gritty’, Sunday Times.
"searingly truthful, uniquely uncompromising", Irish Book Review.
"Poetry and prose from a top-class writer." Sunday People.
"Strangely moral…short and brutal…an unflinching confirmation that we are our own worst enemy", Ireland on Sunday.
"A counterblast to sectarianism and peace process humbug... Johnson’s debut novel is a wrathful and indulgent, slick and witty "f*** you". Fortnight Magazine.
"Woundlicker" is published by Belfast publishing house Blackstaff Press.
Other work.
"Alina", by Jason Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="20112640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112640" title="Ánima Estudios">
Ánima Estudios

Ánima Estudios is a Mexican animation studio founded in 2002 by Fernando De Fuentes, José Carlos García De Letona, Fernando Pérez Gavilán, Guillermo Cañedo White and Federico Unda. It produces animated content distributed mainly in Mexico and Latin America. It is best known for "El Chavo Animado", ' and reboot '.
History.
Ánima Estudios was founded in 2002.
The studio later released their first feature film, "Magos y Gigantes" on November 19, 2003, which was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was the first Mexican animated feature in 30 years.
On March 11, 2005, Ánima Estudios released its second film, "Imaginum", a sci-fi comedy film, and was later released worldwide by Porchlight Entertainment. During that time, the studio was considering a partnership with DIC Entertainment, but the latter studio wanted to focus on its own projects, according to co-founder Fernando de Fuentes.
In 2006, Ánima Estudios produced a new TV series, "El Chavo Animado", based on the popular live-action series of the same name. It premiered on Canal 5 in Mexico on October 21, 2006. It later premiered in the United States on Univision on January 24, 2008 with highly successful ratings.
On February 13, 2009, the studio released its third film, "El Agente 00-P2", an action comedy film that references the popular James Bond movies. It stars the voices of Jaime Camil, Dulce María and Silvia Pinal.
The studio later released "Kung Fu Magoo", an action comedy film based on the popular cartoon character, "Mr. Magoo". "Kung Fu Magoo" was released direct-to-video in the United States on May 11, 2010. It later has its television premiere on Disney XD.
On January 22, 2010, the studio released their fifth animated film, "AAA – Sin Límite en el Tiempo", which is the fictional take on the famous Mexican lucha libre professional wrestling promotion team, Asistencia Asesoría y Administración.
On December 7, 2009, the company made an international agreement with Argentina's Illusion Studios and Toonz India Ltd to co-produce the computer animated film, "Gaturro", which is based on the popular comic book series of the same name and was released on September 10, 2010 in Argentina in 3D. It was the first Indian-Latin American co-production and it opened #1 at the Argentinian box office, earning $1,818,510 pesos ($460,098 USD).
On September 16, 2011, the studio released its seventh animated film, "", a.k.a. "Don Gato y su Pandilla" in Mexico, distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the short-lived Hanna Barbera cartoon, "Top Cat", which ran in the 60s in the United States, where, in Latin America, is extremely popular. The film became a huge box office success in Mexico, and became one of the biggest box office openings for a Mexican production. It was later released in the United Kingdom, distributed by Vertigo Films in English-language format and also was released in 3D. On August 2, 2013, the film has a limited theatrical release in the United States through Viva Pictures, with actors, Rob Schneider and Danny Trejo replacing Jason Harris Katz as Lou Strickland and Griswald, respectively.
On October 21, 2011, the studio released a horror-comedy film, "La Leyenda de la Llorona", which is a sequel to Animex's "La Leyenda de la Nahuala". 
In 2012, the company have celebrated its 10th anniversary. The studio created a new film label, Átomo Films, aiming for teens and adults and has released the film, "El Santos vs. La Tetona Mendoza", on November 30. It is a film adaption of the popular Mexican comic book series, created by José Ignacio Solórzano, and it stars an ensemble voice cast of famous Mexican actors, such as Daniel Giménez Cacho, José María Yazpik, Héctor Jiménez, and filmmaker Guillermo del Toro.
On September 28, 2011, the company has announced an international partnership with Australia's SLR Productions, Home Plate Entertainment, and Ireland's Telegael to create a new animated series, called "Teenage Fairytale Dropouts". The show was loosely based on the studio's first film, "Magos y Gigantes" and premiered on December 31, 2012 on Seven Network in Australia.
On December 1, 2012, "Variety" has reported that the studio is seeking additional international productions towards Europe and the United States. It has also been reported that the studio has announced that a "Top Cat" sequel is in development. On June 12, 2013, "Variety" reported that a sequel to "Llorona", titled "La Leyenda de los Momias", are currently in production.
On October 17, 2013, Ánima Estudios has announced that they will invest $170 million pesos from Latin Idea Ventures, as part of the studio's expansion plan.
On November 7, 2013, it has been reported that the company's first CGI film as a lead producer, "Save Oz!", is currently in production and is expected to be completed around January or February 2014. The film is the studio's biggest production to date and is also their first English-language production. It is produced with India's Discreet Arts and international rights will be handled by FilmSharks.

</doc>
<doc id="20112641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112641" title="Yemişanlı, Oghuz">
Yemişanlı, Oghuz

Yemişanlı is a municipality and village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 485.

</doc>
<doc id="20112644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112644" title="1975 Intertoto Cup">
1975 Intertoto Cup

In the 1975 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into ten groups of four teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20112648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112648" title="BLE No. 44">
BLE No. 44

Locomotive No. 44 of the Brunswick State Railway (BLE) was a tank locomotive for mixed passenger and goods traffic. The locomotive, built in 1934 by Krupp, had a 2-8-2T wheel arrangement and a two-cylinder superheated engine. Leading and trailing wheels were housed in a Bissel bogie. Rather unusual for such a locomotive were the smoke deflectors which were attached directly to the side tanks and extended as far as the front buffer beam.
After the takeover of the BLE by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1938, the engine was given the running number 79 001, re-using a number previously given to a Saxon XV HTV that had been retired in 1933.
The engine survived the Second World War and was sold to the Brunswick-Schöning railway in 1947. Later it was transferred to the Frankfurt-Königstein railway, the Teutoburger Wald railway and then returned to the Frankfurt-Königstein railway. It was retired there in 1973.
The running number 79 001 was allocated in 1951 to the former French locomotive, 242 TA - 602, which had ended up in German hands after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20112651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112651" title="Yenikənd, Oghuz">
Yenikənd, Oghuz

Yenikənd is a municipality and village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 379.

</doc>
<doc id="20112654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112654" title="Michael Strautmanis">
Michael Strautmanis

Michael Strautmanis (born March 24, 1969) is an American lawyer. President-Elect Barack Obama announced on December 5, 2008, that Strautmanis will serve as Chief of Staff to Valerie Jarrett who is to be the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Relations and Public Engagement. He is currently Chief Counsel and the Director of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs on Obama's presidential transition team. 
Previously Strautmanis served the Clinton administration as Chief of Staff to the general counsel at the United States Agency for International Development, and then-U.S. Congressman Rod Blagojevich as legislative director. He worked for the American Association for Justice.
A Chicago, Illinois native, Strautmanis was educated at the law school of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. He started his legal career as a paralegal at the Sidley, Austin law firm, where he met the Obamas.

</doc>
<doc id="20112659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112659" title="War Department Report">
War Department Report

__NOTOC__
War Department Report is a 1943 documentary film directed by Oliver Lundquist. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20112687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112687" title="Gerhard Kleppinger">
Gerhard Kleppinger

Gerhard Kleppinger (born 1 March 1958 in Ober-Ramstadt) is a former German footballer and current manager.
External links.
<br> 
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20112694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112694" title="Make Me a Millionaire">
Make Me a Millionaire

Make Me a Millionaire is the second television game show of the California Lottery, having replaced "The Big Spin" on January 17, 2009. Originally contracted for a four-year run, the Lottery cancelled the show after eighteen months, with its last episode telecast on July 3, 2010. On July 9, five unaired episodes were uploaded to the California Lottery's official YouTube page.
Contestants received a guaranteed minimum prize of $2,000, while the grand prize was a progressive jackpot of at least $1,000,000.
Games.
The show had four random-play games, and did not retain the Big Wheel or Dream Machine from the show's predecessor. The games are described here in the order of their appearance in the show. Some other merchandise was also given away in addition to the stated prizes.
The following games were mostly based on the second format of the Florida Lottery's "Flamingo Fortune".
Lucky Penny.
Lucky Penny gives to each of three players a prize of either $2,000 in cash or a car. Each player begins with ten "penny" tokens and gets four turns to generate a random number from 1 to 9 that matches or comes close to a target number; the target number in each turn is a different digit in the price of the car. At each turn, the difference between a player's random number and the target number is the number of pennies that the player loses; matching the target number exactly wins back two of the previously lost pennies (a player cannot have more than ten pennies). At the end of the game, each player with at least one penny left wins the car. With no pennies, a player gets $2,000.
The game appears similar to "The Price Is Right"'s pricing game Lucky Seven, but with the fundamental difference that Lucky Penny is purely a game of chance.
Safe Cracker.
In Safe Cracker, two players compete for up to $92,000 in cash. The game offers two rounds, but only the first-round winner gets the option of continuing to the second round.
In the first round, each player begins with $2,000 and gets up to five turns to add to it. The players alternate in choosing from a set of ten safes. When chosen, a safe is opened to reveal its contents and remove it from further play. Seven of the safes have amounts ranging from $1,000 to $20,000. The other three are empty. Players accumulate values until one of the players has chosen two empty safes. That player leaves with half of his or her accumulated amount. The other player receives a $5,000 bonus and the option to leave with the accumulated winnings or go to the second round. In the second round, the player chooses one safe out of five. Three of those safes will double the player's winnings, but the other two will halve the winnings. Regardless of the outcome, each player receives 500 "Make Me a Millionaire" scratchers.
California Cool.
California Cool is a one-player game with up to four rounds and cash prizes ranging from $5,000 to $200,000. In each round, the player picks a number from one to five, to reveal a statement about California. The player gains money only when the choice reveals a true statement. After each round, the player may leave with the accumulated winnings or continue to the next round.
In the first round, the player wins $5,000 for each choice that reveals a true statement. The round begins with one play in which all five statements are true, ensuring a win. The game is reset with one false and four true statements, and the round continues until the player picks the false statement. At the end of the first round, the player's accumulated winnings may range from $5,000 to $25,000.
For the remaining rounds, the payoff is either a doubling (for a true statement) or halving (for a false statement) of the winnings, with one play per round; a false statement also ends the game. Round 2 has one false statement; another false statement is added in each successive round, so that there are only two true statements in round 4. A player who wins round 4 will have doubled the first-round winnings three times, resulting in total accumulated winnings ranging from $40,000 to $200,000.
Millionaire.
All six contestants who have not been in a game yet appear on stage, and the host calls the name of the one person who gets to play the last game. The remaining five each receive $2,000 and 500 "Make Me a Millionaire" scratchers. Millionaire pays a minimum of $10,000 with a jackpot starting at $1,000,000 and increasing by $200,000 each time it is not won.
The game begins by generating a random number from 1 to 50, which counts as the first winning number and awards the player $10,000. Each subsequent winning number awards them an additional $10,000. Play continues to get up to ten more winning numbers by guessing whether the next random number will be higher or lower than the previous winning number. Winning all eleven numbers (each number represents one letter of the word "millionaire") augments the earnings to the jackpot. After one wrong guess, the player must choose before each turn whether to leave with the accumulated earnings or continue to play (by saying the show's title). A second wrong guess ends the game and the player's earnings are halved (the $10,000 minimum is not halved). From the show's premiere through July 18, 2009, the player won only $10,000 when the game ended from a second wrong guess. Regardless of the outcome, the winner receives 1,000 "Make Me a Millionaire" scratchers (or a bonus prize).
Broadcast history.
The first show was recorded on December 14, 2008 and broadcast on January 17, 2009. It aired weekly on Saturdays, in the early evening, at a time specific to each local station. The show was produced by 3Ball Productions and Milestone Entertainment for an initially anticipated four-year run, and featured Mark L. Walberg as host, with co-presenter Liz Hernandez. The show had the same four games throughout its one-and-a-half-year run. Twelve contestants were featured on each show, from whom seven were assigned randomly to play the games; the remaining five received $2,000 minimum cash or prizes. Contestants learned their assignments only as each game began, although only one of those contestant assignments was televised, and that was for the Millionaire game.
On May 4, 2010, the California Lottery announced that the show was being cancelled and would not be replaced. The last program was telecast on July 3. Money that had been allocated for production of the show will be used for prizes for the lottery's scratch-off games.
In a significant production accomplishment for the initial recordings in December 2008, series director Rich DiPirro rehearsed and directed the first three episodes from Tokyo via internet hook-up as the production was being staged live in Hollywood.
Getting on the show.
Contestants got on the show by mailing in a winning "Make Me a Millionaire" scratch-off ticket. Future winners of the "Make Me a Millionaire" Scratchers games (honored until December 22, 2010), and Fantasy 5 Second Chance Draw coupons (accepted by mail if postmarked by December 31, 2010), still provided the opportunity to play the games and win prizes off-air.
When the show began, "The Big Spin" scratchers were also honored until those tickets expired. A $5 "Fantasy 5" ticket still provided a coupon for a second-chance drawing, with the chance to win the new show's progressive jackpot instead of the Fantasy 5 Dream Machine's $150,000.
Stations.
The show aired weekly on Saturdays, in the early evening, at a time specific to each local station.

</doc>
<doc id="20112696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112696" title="Wonky (music)">
Wonky (music)

Wonky (also known as wonkystep, street bass, aquacrunk or purple sound) is an often-debated and unique/experimental classification of electronic music that uses mid-range unstable synths, complex and unusual time signatures that appeared before summer 2008, among a range of musical genres, including hip hop (particularly glitch hop), grime, chiptune, dubstep, 90's G-funk, crunk, electro and broken beat.
The "wet and unstable" sound of wonky is achieved with producing such mid-range basses using pitch bending, LFOs on lowpassing and highpassing, phasing, and delaying. The resonance parameters of the synth's LFOs are often high. These effects give the synth and bass unique "wonky" sounds, hence the name of the genre.
Overview.
Wonky is the name given to a fusion of dubstep and hip hop (particularly glitch hop) which first developed in the mid-to-late 2000s. Along with those main elements, it also has secondary influences such as IDM and its namesake, wonky techno. It is defined by its off-kilter and unstable, wonky (hence the name) mid-range, with unquantised and offbeat hip-hop rhythms at dubstep tempos; this sound was at least partially influenced by and is often linked to ketamine use, as it reflects how the drug affects users and their ability to dance.
Wonky first developed when hip hop producers, influenced by J Dilla and Madlib (such as Flying Lotus, Starkey and Dabrye), began experimenting with dubstep & IDM elements. Around the same time, dubstep producers (notably those on Hyperdub and those associated with the purple sound) began adding said hip hop influences to their own productions. These two loose strands of early wonky would fuse together, resulting in the development of a fully-fledged genre during 2009. The Scandinavian genre of skweee is also quite similar in sound, but has separate roots.
In 2002, American producer Rodney Jerkins preceded wonky with the R&B song "What About Us", written for American singer-songwriter Brandy. In 1997, Brooklyn-based MC Sensational included the first wonky beat. In February 2004, American artist Jneiro Jarel released "Get Yuh Own" and "N.A.S.A" on Kindred Spirits/Label Who. Jneiro Jarel could be considered one of the pioneers of the wonky rhythm aesthetic. A few years later, wonky developed in various places around the world simultaneously. Starkey is one of the main proponents of the wonky sound. The American wonky sound has also been dubbed "street bass".
Glasgow in Scotland could be considered one of the birthplaces of the sound - with the Glasgow wonky sound also being dubbed "aquacrunk", a term originating from Glaswegian wonky musician Rustie. Glasgow club night Numbers, local record shop Rub-a-dub, labels like Wireblock, Stuff and Dress 2 Sweat are associated with the aquacrunk/wonky sound in Glasgow. The wonky/aquacrunk scene in Glasgow is also centred around the LuckyMe collective; Hudson Mohawke, Rustie and Ikonika come from this scene.
Since the release of Jagz The Smack, hype has built behind Rustie and Aquacrunk (the name came from Rustie’s passion for crunk and the aquatic electronics of Drexciya).
The term "wonky" has, since mid to late 2012, been associated with a new take on the dubstep style. It incorporates wet, weird and minimal sounds along with heavy sub basslines..
Regional characteristics.
Though wonky music is united by the tendency to use unstable mid-range synths and unstable time signatures, every wonky music scene has its own specific traits in sound. The American wonky "street bass" scene is influenced by broken beat and jazz music and the music itself has an organic feeling, while the Glasgow aquacrunk and Bristol purple sound scenes are influenced by the sound of crunk, chiptune, electro and instrumental grime/dubstep, respectively.
Aquacrunk is made of slowed down, low-slung beats, with electronic mutterings and morphing basslines. It is influenced as much by early Rephlex and Underground Resistance releases by crunk artists like Lil Jon or Young Buck. 
Purple sound emerged in Bristol in late 2008 out of the splintering dubstep scene and took inspiration from wonky, which it is sometimes considered a part of. It incorporates synth funk from the 1980s and G-funk production from the ’90s into dubstep, while also introducing many aspects of grime and chiptune (several prominent purple sound artists cite video game music as a large influence). Purple sound usually includes synths as a main component and avoids the bass 'wobble' and 2-step common in dubstep. The majority of purple sound tracks are instrumental.

</doc>
<doc id="20112702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112702" title="Top, Oghuz">
Top, Oghuz

Top is a municipality and village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 370.

</doc>
<doc id="20112713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112713" title="Children's Hospital of Michigan">
Children's Hospital of Michigan

Children’s Hospital of Michigan (CHM) is a hospital located in Detroit, Michigan. It is part of the Detroit Medical Center. It is an international provider of pediatric neurology, neurosurgery, cardiology, oncology and diagnostic services including Positron Emission Tomography and MRI. It is the only freestanding pediatric Level One Trauma Center in Michigan.
History.
Children’s Hospital of Michigan was founded in 1886 with a financial gift from whisky entrepreneur Hiram Walker. It was further endowed in the 1930s with a one million dollar gift from U.S. Senator James Couzens.
Clinical specialties.
The hospital offers a wide variety of clinical specialties, including:
Autism, Burn Care, Cardiac Services, Cleft Palate/ Craniofacial Surgery, Communication Disorders, Critical Care, Dentistry/Oral Surgery, Dermatology, Ear, Nose and Throat, Emergency Care, Endocrinology, Gastroenterology, Genetic Disorders, Hematology and Oncology, Imaging Services, Immunology, Rheumatology and Allergy, Infectious Disease, Intensive Care, Myeleomeningocele Care, Neonatal/ Perinatal Medicine, Nephrology, Neurology, Neurosurgery, Ophthalmology, Orthopedics, Pediatric Surgery, Pharmacology/ Toxicology, Physical Medicine/ Rehabilitation, Reconstructive Surgery, Poison Control Center, Psychiatry/Psychology and 
Pulmonary Medicine.
Children’s is one of 10 centers nationally testing new drugs to treat spinal muscular atrophy, a rare degenerative problem that affects the spinal cord and nerves, resulting in muscle wasting and weakness. It houses the first pediatric cardiac catheterization laboratory of its kind in North America. Doctors at Children’s Hospital performed the first successful advanced computer-assisted robot-enhanced surgical procedure at a children’s hospital in the U.S. CHM cardiovascular surgeons performed the first pediatric heart transplant in Southeast Michigan. CHM is the only pediatric institution in the world with its own Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Center. Positron Emission Tomography is a type of nuclear medicine procedure that measures metabolic activity of the cells of body tissues. Children’s Hospital performed the first successful pediatric bone marrow transplant in Michigan.
Accreditation.
Children’s Hospital of Michigan in, 2008 received, American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) MAGNET Recognition designated for nursing excellence. Children’s Hospital is the only children’s hospital in Michigan with this award.
Children’s is in the Leapfrog Group’s 2008 Top Hospital list for patient quality and safety. The Leapfrog group identified 33 hospitals, (26 adult and 7 pediatric) which have achieved the highest level for quality and safety practices. The Leapfrog Group rankings are based on a survey conducted at 1,220 hospitals across the U.S..

</doc>
<doc id="20112726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112726" title="Hickman Elementary School">
Hickman Elementary School

Hickman Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Garland, Texas (USA). Hickman Elementary School enrolls students in grades pre-K-5 and is a part of the Garland Independent School District.
In 2009, the school was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Statistics (per 2006).
The attendance rate for students at the school is 98%, compared with a state average of 96%. 64% of the students at Hickman are economically disadvantaged, 7% enroll in special education, 1% enroll in gifted and talent programs, and 46% are considered "limited English proficient."
The ethnic makeup of the school is 38% Hispanic, 25% African American, 23% Asian/Pacific Islander, 14% White, non-Hispanic, and less than 1% Native American.
The average class sizes at Hickman are 22 students for kindergarten, 21 students for first grade, 21 students for second grade, 22 students for third grade, 20 students for fourth grade, and 24 students for fifth grade.
gh
Teachers at the school carry, on average, 12 years of teaching experience and 7% of the teachers on staff are first-year teachers.
Feeder Patterns.
Garland ISD is a Free Choice school district, which allows the parent to choose which school his or her children want to attend within the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20112727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112727" title="Suç">
Suç

Suç is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112728" title="Down the Road (Larry Stewart album)">
Down the Road (Larry Stewart album)

Down the Road is the debut album of American country music artist Larry Stewart. It was his first solo release, as he had just left his role as lead singer of the band Restless Heart one year previous. The album was released in 1993 on RCA Records Nashville and it produced three singles for him on the "Billboard" country charts: "Alright Already" at number five, "I'll Cry Tomorrow" at number 34 and "We Can Love" at number 62. Also included is "When I Close My Eyes," later a number two hit in 1997 for Kenny Chesney.
Brian Mansfield of Allmusic rated the album four stars out of five, saying that he considered it more country than Stewart's work in Restless Heart.
Personnel.
Compiled from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20112733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112733" title="Fahed Al Farhan">
Fahed Al Farhan

Fahed Al Farhan (; born June 9, 1982) is a Kuwaiti footballer, who currently plays in the right back position for Kuwaiti Premier League side Al Arabi. He is known for his combative tackling and attacking play.
He played for Al-Arabi in the 2007 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20112744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112744" title="Armin Gessert">
Armin Gessert

Armin Gessert (June 13, 1963 – November 8, 2009) was a computer game developer from Germany. Along with Manfred Trenz and Chris Hülsbeck, he was one of the developers behind the computer game "The Great Giana Sisters" for Commodore 64. His previous employers included the labels Rainbow Arts and Blue Byte.
In 1994 he established his own company, Spellbound Entertainment, which has released several titles, among them ', ' and "Airline Tycoon". Gessert's last title, "Great Giana Sisters DS" was released in 2009 in Germany and Australia.
Gessert died of a heart attack on November 8, 2009. He had been working in the video game industry for 25 years.
References.
Armim

</doc>
<doc id="20112746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112746" title="Lis, Albania">
Lis, Albania

Lis is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112752" title="Pimienta">
Pimienta

Pimienta is a Spanish word, meaning "pepper". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20112762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112762" title="Crush Pinball">
Crush Pinball

The series started in 1988 when "Alien Crush" was released for the Turbografx-16, which featured a sci-fi atmosphere reminiscent of the film "Alien". It was then followed 2 years later by "Devil's Crush", also for the Turbografx-16 which featured an occult theme with skulls, skeletons, and demons. A third game was later developed for the Super Famicom called "Jaki Crush" that contained a Japanese demon/ogre mythology theme, although the game was never released outside Japan. The series was revived in 2008 when Hudson Soft published a sequel/remake to "Alien Crush" called "Alien Crush Returns" for WiiWare.
While "Jaki Crush" became largely obscure, "Alien Crush" and "Devil's Crush" were well received and have both been re-released on the Virtual Console.

</doc>
<doc id="20112764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112764" title="Hallavar">
Hallavar

Hallavar is a village in the municipality of Qumlaq in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20112774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112774" title="Macukull">
Macukull

Macukull is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112792" title="LMS diesel shunter 7058">
LMS diesel shunter 7058

LMS diesel shunter 7058 was based on an earlier Armstrong Whitworth prototype of 1932, which had been tested by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. It was initially numbered 7408 and then re-numbered 7058.
War Department use.
It was loaned to the War Department between 1941-1943 for use at the Longmoor Military Railway but, despite the extensive period of time spent on loan, no WD number was allocated.
Post-war use.
It passed to British Railways upon nationalisation in January 1948, which allocated it number 13000. However, it was withdrawn in November 1949 (and scrapped shortly afterwards) before the number had been applied. The number 13000 was then used instead for the first of the British Rail Class 08 shunters.

</doc>
<doc id="20112807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112807" title="Triantafyllia, Florina">
Triantafyllia, Florina

Triantafyllia (, Мacedonian/ or Лаген) is a village in the municipality of Florina, West Macedonia, Greece. The population was 81 in 1981 and it grew to 101 by 1991. This picturesque village is set amongst the mountains of Northern Greece, on the slopes of Mount Vernon, well away from the main roads. The town has stone architecture. Until 1927 the name of the town was Lagen.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="20112821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112821" title="Dyson Falzon">
Dyson Falzon

Dyson Falzon (born 9 March 1986 in Buġibba, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Mosta on loan from Valletta, where he plays as a midfielder.
Falzon has also earned one cap for Malta, appearing in a 3–0 loss to Slovakia on 15 August 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20112850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112850" title="Derjan">
Derjan

Derjan is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania. It includes the following settlements: Derjani, Urzalli, Barbullei, Dukagjini, Gjoçaj, Lam i Madh.

</doc>
<doc id="20112886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112886" title="Forsythe Technology">
Forsythe Technology

Forsythe Technology, Inc. is a management consulting and technology services company located in Skokie, Illinois.
History.
The company was founded in 1971 under the name Forsythe McArthur. With $200 in capital and a telephone on a dining room table as an office, founder Rick Forsythe and partner Jim McArthur start the company. In 1980, Jim McArthur sells his half of the company to Rick Forsythe. In 1982, Forsythe opens its first two offices outside of Illinois—in Georgia and Wisconsin. In 1988, the employee stock ownership program is established. In 2006, employees purchased the company from Rick Forsythe. In 2011, Forsythe reported annual revenues of over 1 billion in their 40th year of profitability.
Awards and Recognition.
Forsythe has received many awards and recognition, including many top IT industry awards. Some awards and recognition include VARBusiness 500, Monitor 100, Crain's Chicago Business "Best Places to Work in Chicago,” Chicago Tribune "Top 100 Workplaces in Chicago," Computerworld "100 Best Places to Work in IT" and Consulting Top 10 “Best Small Firms to Work For.”

</doc>
<doc id="20112889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112889" title="Corner transfer matrix">
Corner transfer matrix

In statistical mechanics, the corner transfer matrix describes the effect of adding a quadrant to a lattice. Introduced by Rodney Baxter in 1968 as an extension of the Kramers-Wannier row-to-row transfer matrix, it provides a powerful method of studying lattice models. Calculations with corner transfer matrices led Baxter to the exact solution of the hard hexagon model in 1980.
Definition.
Consider an IRF (interaction-round-a-face) model, i.e. a square lattice model with a spin σ"i" assigned to each site "i" and interactions limited to spins around a common face. Let the total energy be given by
where for each face the surrounding sites "i", "j", "k" and "l" are arranged as follows:
For a lattice with "N" sites, the partition function is
where the sum is over all possible spin configurations and "w" is the Boltzmann weight
To simplify the notation, we use a ferromagnetic Ising-type lattice where each spin has the value +1 or −1, and the ground state is given by all spins up (i.e. the total energy is minimised when all spins on the lattice have the value +1). We also assume the lattice has 4-fold rotational symmetry (up to boundary conditions) and is reflection-invariant. These simplifying assumptions are not crucial, and extending the definition to the general case is relatively straightforward.
Now consider the lattice quadrant shown below:
The outer boundary sites, marked by triangles, are assigned their ground state spins (+1 in this case). The sites marked by open circles form the inner boundaries of the quadrant; their associated spin sets are labelled {σ1,…,σ"m"} and {σ'1,…,σ'"m"}, where σ1 = σ'1. There are 2"m" possible configurations for each inner boundary, so we define a 2"m"×2"m" matrix entry-wise by
The matrix "A", then, is the corner transfer matrix for the given lattice quadrant. Since the outer boundary spins are fixed and the sum is over all interior spins, each entry of "A" is a function of the inner boundary spins. The Kronecker delta in the expression ensures that σ1 = σ'1, so by ordering the configurations appropriately we may cast "A" as a block diagonal matrix:
Corner transfer matrices are related to the partition function in a simple way. In our simplified example, we construct the full lattice from four rotated copies of the lattice quadrant, where the inner boundary spin sets σ, σ', σ" and σ'" are allowed to differ:
The partition function is then written in terms of the corner transfer matrix "A" as
Discussion.
Recursion relation.
A corner transfer matrix "A"2"m" (defined for an "m"×"m" quadrant) may be expressed in terms of smaller corner transfer matrices "A"2"m"-1 and "A"2"m"-2 (defined for reduced ("m"-1)×("m"-1) and ("m"-2)×("m"-2) quadrants respectively). This recursion relation allows, in principle, the iterative calculation of the corner transfer matrix for any lattice quadrant of finite size.
Like their row-to-row counterparts, corner transfer matrices may be factored into face transfer matrices, which correspond to adding a single face to the lattice. For the lattice quadrant given earlier, the face transfer matrices are of size 2"m"×2"m" and defined entry-wise by
where 2 ≤ "i" ≤ "m"+1. Near the outer boundary, specifically, we have
So the corner transfer matrix "A" factorises as
where
Graphically, this corresponds to:
We also require the 2"m"×2"m" matrices "A"* and "A"**, defined entry-wise by
where the "A" matrices whose entries appear on the RHS are of size 2"m"-1×2"m"-1 and 2"m"-2×2"m"-2 respectively. This is more clearly written as
Now from the definitions of "A", "A"*, "A"**, "U""i" and "F""j", we have
which gives the recursion relation for "A"2"m" in terms of "A"2"m"-1 and "A"2"m"-2.
Diagonal form.
When using corner transfer matrices to perform calculations, it is both analytically and numerically convenient to work with their diagonal forms instead. To facilitate this, the recursion relation may be rewritten directly in terms of the diagonal forms and eigenvector matrices of "A", "A"* and "A"**.
Recalling that the lattice in our example is reflection-invariant, in the sense that
we see that "A" is a symmetric matrix (i.e. it is diagonalisable by an orthogonal matrix). So we write
where "A""d" is a diagonal matrix (normalised such that its numerically largest entry is 1), "α""m" is the largest eigenvalue of "A", and "P""T""P" = "I". Likewise for "A"* and "A"**, we have
where "A""d"*, "A""d"**, "P"* and "P"** are defined in an analogous fashion to "A"* and "A"**, i.e. in terms of the smaller (normalised) diagonal forms and (orthogonal) eigenvector matrices of "A"2"m"-1 and "A"2"m"-2.
By substituting these diagonalisations into the recursion relation, we obtain
where
Now "A""t" is also symmetric, and may be calculated if "A""d"*, "A""d"** and "R"* are known; diagonalising "A""t" then yields its normalised diagonal form "A""d", its largest eigenvalue "κ", and its orthogonal eigenvector matrix "R".
Applications.
Spin expectation value.
Corner transfer matrices (or their diagonal forms) may be used to calculate quantities such as the spin expectation value at a particular site deep inside the lattice. For the full lattice given earlier, the spin expectation value at the central site is given by
With the configurations ordered such that "A" is block diagonal as before, we may define a 2"m"×2"m" diagonal matrix
such that
Partition function per site.
Another important quantity for lattice models is the partition function per site, evaluated in the thermodynamic limit and written as
In our example, this reduces to
since tr "A""d"4 is a convergent sum as "m" → ∞ and "A""d" becomes infinite-dimensional. Furthermore, the number of faces 2"m"("m"+1) approaches the number of sites "N" in the thermodynamic limit, so we have
which is consistent with the earlier equation giving "κ" as the largest eigenvalue for "A""t". In other words, the partition function per site is given exactly by the diagonalised recursion relation for corner transfer matrices in the thermodynamic limit; this allows "κ" to be approximated via the iterative process of calculating "A""d" for a large lattice.
The matrices involved grow exponentially in size, however, and in actual numerical calculations they must be truncated at each step. One way of doing this is to keep the "n" largest eigenvalues at each step, for some fixed "n". In most cases, the sequence of approximations obtained by taking "n" = 1,2,3,… converges rapidly, and to the exact value (for an exactly solvable model).

</doc>
<doc id="20112903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112903" title="Ren (Confucianism)">
Ren (Confucianism)

Ren (or Rén) () is the Confucian virtue denoting the good feeling a virtuous human experiences when being altruistic. 仁 is exemplified by a normal adult's protective feelings for children. It is considered the outward expression of Confucian ideals. 
Yan Hui, Confucius's most outstanding student, once asked his master to describe the rules of Rén and Confucius replied, "One should see nothing improper, hear nothing improper, say nothing improper, do nothing improper." Confucius also defined Rén in the following way: "wishing to be established himself, seeks also to establish others; wishing to be enlarged himself, he seeks also to enlarge others." Another meaning of Rén is "not to do to others as you would not wish done to yourself." Confucius also said, "Rén is not far off; he who seeks it has already found it." Rén is close to man and never leaves him.
Interpretation of the Chinese Character.
The single ideogram Rén is a composite of two distinct common Hanzi, 人 (Man, a man, a person ) and 二 (two), with 人 assuming its common form inside another character, to which various interpretations have been assigned. One often hears that Rén means "how two people should treat one another". While such folk etymologies are common in discussions of Chinese characters, they often are as misleading as they are entertaining. In the case of Rén - usually translated as "benevolence" or "humaneness" - Humaneness is Human-ness, the essence of being human. For Confucius the interaction of completely dependent infant and caring parent is the most emotionally charged human interaction, “To love a thing means wanting it to live…”. The Way of humaneness is human interaction and through shared experience knowing one’s family. “Fan Chi asked about humaneness. The Master said it is loving people. Fan Chi asked about wisdom. The Master said it is knowing people”. In other words, human love and interaction is the source of humaneness, the source of the human self. Another common interpretation of the graphical elements is Man or a man connecting Heaven and Earth.
人+二=仁 (rén) man on left two on right, the relationship between two human beings, means humanity, benevolence, seed. Originally the character was just written as丨二 representing yin yang, the vertical line is yang (male, penis, heaven, odd numbers), the two horizontal lines are yin (female, vagina, earth, even numbers), 仁 is the seed and core of everything. The character 人 (man, rén) and 仁 have the same pronunciation. When a human is unable to be humane, he or she does not qualify to be a human but an animal. But when a human is able to be humane, for example, when Buddhism first introduced to China in the Han Dynasty the Chinese people translated the Buddha's name into "able to be human" or someone with ”ability and humanity" (能人，能仁) because Confucius's teachings and Buddha's teachings are "one to two, two to one."
Pre-imperial epigraphic sources testify to alternative writings of the same character: 忎 (given as a variant of 仁 in the Shuowen dictionary), 身 with 心 below, and the latter compound with 人 on the right.
The Principles of Li, Rén, and Yi.
The principle of Rén is related to the concepts of li and yi. Li is often translated as "ritual" while yi is often translated as "righteousness". These three interrelated terms deal with agency as Confucians conceive it. Li is the action which has been deemed appropriate by society, yi is the action that is indeed correct, while Rén deals with the relationship between the agent and object of the action. Often li and yi are the same; however, that is not always the case. 
Li is the outward expression of Confucian ideals, while Rén is both the inward and outward expressions of those same ideals. Li, according to Hopfe and Woodward: "Basically, li seems to mean 'the course of life as it is intended to go'. Li also has religious and social connotations. When a society lives by li, it moves smoothly: men and women respect their elders and superiors; the proper rituals and ceremonies are performed; everything and everyone is in its proper place."
Nature of Rén.
Rén relies heavily on the relationships between two people, but at the same time encompasses much more than that. It represents an inner development towards an altruistic goal, while simultaneously realizing that one is never alone, and that everyone has these relationships to fall back on, being a member of a family, the state, and the world.
Rén is not a concept that is learned; it is innate, that is to say, everyone is born with the sense of Rén. Confucius believed that the key to long-lasting integrity was to constantly think, since the world is continually changing at a rapid pace.
There have been a variety of definitions for the term Rén. Rén has been translated as "benevolence", "perfect virtue", "goodness" or even "human-heartedness". When asked, Confucius defined it by the ordinary Chinese word for love, ai, saying that it meant to "love others".
Rén also has a political dimension. Confucianism says that if the ruler lacks Rén, it will be difficult for his subjects to behave humanely. Rén is the basis of Confucian political theory; the ruler is exhorted to refrain from acting inhumanely towards his subjects. An inhumane ruler runs the risk of losing the Mandate of Heaven or, in other words, the right to rule. A ruler lacking such a mandate need not be obeyed, but a ruler who reigns humanely and takes care of the people is to be obeyed, for the benevolence of his dominion shows that he has been mandated by heaven. Confucius himself had little to say on the active will of the people, though he believed the ruler should definitely pay attention to the wants and needs of the people and take good care of them. Mencius, however, did state that the people's opinion on certain weighty matters should be polled.
Rén also includes traits that are a part of being righteous, such as hsin, meaning to make one's words compliment his actions; li, which means to properly participate in everyday rituals; ching, or "seriousness"; and yi, which means right action. When all these qualities are present, then one can truly be identified as a chün tzu (君子), or "superior man," which means a morally superior human being. Confucians basically held the view that government should be run by ethically superior human beings who concentrate solely on the welfare of the people they govern.

</doc>
<doc id="20112926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112926" title="2009 Superleague Formula season">
2009 Superleague Formula season

The 2009 Superleague Formula season was the second Superleague Formula championship. The series has been rebranded "Superleague Formula by Sonangol" for this season and also 2010 with the Angolan oil company becoming the title sponsor. It began on June 28 at Magny-Cours and finished on November 8 at Jarama.
The field remained at 18 clubs for the 2009 season but Beijing Guoan did not return to try to retain the title which they won with Davide Rigon in 2008, however Rigon did return in the car of Olympiacos CFP despite GP2 commitments. In Estoril, María de Villota became the first woman to race in the series and Sébastien Bourdais became the most successful racing driver to enter the series having been dropped by Scuderia Toro Rosso just weeks earlier. Bourdais described Superleague as "the best alternative to F1".
Liverpool F.C., run under Hitech Junior Team with driver Adrián Vallés, were crowned series champions for the first time at the last event of the season.
Teams and drivers.
Driver changes.
Changed teams
Entering/Re-Entering Superleague Formula
Leaving Superleague Formula

</doc>
<doc id="20112936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112936" title="Portmead">
Portmead

Portmead (or Port Mead) is a suburban district of Swansea, Wales which falls within the Penderry ward. Portmead is mostly residential and approximates to the area either side of north western part of Petregethin Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20112954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112954" title="Baz, Albania">
Baz, Albania

Baz is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112955" title="HMS Seabear">
HMS Seabear

Two vessels of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Seabear":

</doc>
<doc id="20112959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112959" title="Ben Fountain">
Ben Fountain

Ben Fountain (b. Chapel Hill, North Carolina) is an American fiction writer currently living in Dallas, Texas. He has won many awards including a PEN/Hemingway award for "Brief Encounters with Che Guevara: Stories" and the National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction for his debut novel "Billy Lynn's Long Half-Time Walk".
Pre-writing career.
Fountain earned a B.A. in English from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1980, and a law degree from the Duke University School of Law in 1983. After a brief stint practicing real estate law at Akin Gump in Dallas, Fountain in 1988 quit the law to become a full-time fiction writer.
Writing career.
He is the author of "Brief Encounters With Che Guevara", a collection of short stories. He has won numerous awards and inclusion of his work in "New Stories from the South: The Year's Best" (2006).
Fountain's latest novel, "Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk", was released in early May 2012. The Oscar-winning screenwriter of "Slumdog Millionaire", Simon Beaufoy, is adapting the novel into a screenplay, a new Film4 project in collaboration with The Ink Factory, a U.S. production company. As yet, no director is attached.

</doc>
<doc id="20112961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112961" title="Lokomotiv Metalex Bild">
Lokomotiv Metalex Bild

Lokomotiv Metalex Bild is a Bulgarian handball team based in Varna.
History.
Handball club Lokomotiv – Varna was established in 1963 with Mr. Georgi Velikov as a president of the club and its first coach the honoured master of sports Dimitar Nushev. Mr. Alexander Evtimov was elected as a president of Handball club "Lokomotiv Nadin" in 2003. Mrs. Rumyana Radusheva has been a president of Handball club "Lokomotiv Metalex Build" since 2004. 
Trophies.
Lokomotiv Metalex Bild has been a Champion of Bulgaria for 7 times since year 2000 (in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2007) and for 5 times a winner of Bulgarian Cup (1998, 2000, 2005, 2006, 2007) and the First champion of Beach handball in 1997. From 1998 until 2007 was 5 times Champion of Bulgaria of Beach handball.
Current squad 2008/2009.
"The numbers are established according to the official website: www.lokomotiv-mb.com 
Coach: Hristo Yordanov
Coach: Zdravko Petrov

</doc>
<doc id="20112989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112989" title="Design for Death">
Design for Death

Design for Death is a 1947 American documentary film that won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. It was based on a shorter U.S. Army training film, "Our Job in Japan", that had been produced in 1945-1946 for the soldiers occupying Japan after World War II. Both films dealt with Japanese culture and the origins of the war.
Following the war, Peter Rathvon at RKO, who had seen "Our Job in Japan" during his own military service, decided to produce a commercial version of the film. He hired the original writer and editor to work on the new project. Theodor S. Geisel, who is better known by his pen name Dr. Seuss, co-authored "Design for Death" with his wife Helen Palmer Geisel. Elmo Williams was the editor for both films. Subsequently, Sid Rogell replaced Rathvon, and became the film's producer.
The film was given wide release in January 1948; a review in "Daily Variety" characterized it as, "a documentary of fabulous proportions ... one of the most interesting screen presentations of the year". Bosley Crowther, writing in "The New York Times", was not complimentary; he wrote that the film "makes the general point that too much control by a few people is a dangerous — a 'racketeering' — thing and that another world war can be prevented only by the development of responsible, representative governments throughout the world.
That is a valid message, but the weakness with which it is put forth in a melange of faked and factual pictures and in a ponderous narration does not render it very forceful."
In his memoir, Elmo Williams maintains that he and Geisel created "Design for Death" nearly in its entirety, and that the credits for Fleischer and Warth were nominal ones. Rogell, Fleischer, and Warth received the Academy Awards for the film.
Copies of "Design for Death" are apparently rare. Geisel thought that they had all been destroyed. However, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences sponsored a screening in October, 2005, and parts of the film were included in the documentary "The Political Dr. Seuss". Some materials related to "Design for Death", including its script, are in an archive of Geisel's papers. Perhaps because screenings have been infrequent, there has been relatively little critical discussion of "Design for Death." "Our Job in Japan", which is in the public domain, has been better studied.

</doc>
<doc id="20112993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112993" title="List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo traditional games">
List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo traditional games

The following is a list of Traditional games developed for the Super Famicom System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. In this case, Traditional refers to games similar to what might be seen outside of the console. Board games, game shows, and gambling games are all listed, along with a few other select sub-genres.
The "Ref" column shows the page(s) providing proof for a game's inclusion in each list.

</doc>
<doc id="20113016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113016" title="Inland Revenue Staff Federation">
Inland Revenue Staff Federation

The Inland Revenue Staff Federation (IRSF) was a trade union in the United Kingdom.
History.
The Union was born in the late 19th century, when a group of tax clerks met together to fight for higher pay, higher status and better conditions. At that time clerks were hired by surveyors of taxes, they were usually employed on a temporary basis, paid low wages and denied sick leave, holidays or promotion. Clerks who asked for better conditions were branded as agitators and sacked.
So it took courage when a group of clerks met on 8 January 1892 and agreed a draft constitution to set up the Association of Tax Clerks another of the Federation's parent unions.
The Federation was founded on 1 January 1936 with the merger of the Association of Officers of Taxes, the National Association of Assessors and Collectors of Taxes and the Valuation Office Clerical Association. Its Assistant Secretary from 1936 until World War II was future Prime Minister of the United Kingdom James Callaghan.
In 1937, the Federation, which represented taxes and collection staff, was joined by valuation staff. The roots of the Federation go back to 1883 and the founding of the London Association of Assessors and Collectors, but only after 1937 did it fully represent all staff grades at the Inland Revenue.
In 1938, the Inland Revenue Minor Establishments' Association joined the union. The union initially operated on a federal basis but, in 1939/40, it became a single organisation. These changes took place under the leadership of William Thomas Seddon. 
At the 1986 Jubilee Celebration, the IRSF was described as a modern efficient organisation, with a high profile in the trade union movement, with a membership of 55,000. 
In 1996, the IRSF merged with the National Union of Civil and Public Servants to form the Public Services, Tax and Commerce Union.
Only two people held presidency of the union twice, those being G B Walker and William Robert Roy Skinner. The first female president of the Federation was Winifred Mary Kidd in 1956.
The Book of the Presidents: 1936–1957.
"The following information is taken from The Book of the Presidents. No further copyright information is listed on the volume, which runs into blank pages following the last insert from 1957 on Winifred Mary Kidd, the first female president of the IRSF. This particular volume was originally owned by William Robert Roy Skinner, President of the Federation in 1953 and then again in 1958. "
On 1 January 1936 
The Association of Taxes and the National Association of the Taxes Assessing and Collecting Services were bought together in Federal Unity as the Inland Revenue Staff Federation.
John Roughton Simpson
The First President of the Inland Revenue Staff Federation
1936 1st Federal Assembly, Scarborough
1937 2nd Federal Assembly, Llandudno
1936 "... We must develop ... not an A.O.T point of a National Association point of view, but only a Federation poing of view - one which has regard for the interests of all and not merely those of a section ..."
"... I express the hope that this First Meeting of the Federal Assembly will be a milestone in the progress of both Associations, the starting point of greater unity in our own Department, and will serve to encourage greater unity in the Service at large."
"Scarborough"
1937 "... If we face up to a close relationship between wage standards in the Service and wage standards outside there are two vitally important matters with which the Service must deal. Firstly, we must, by concerted action, vigorously pursued, secure some machinery which will ensure that the adjustment of Service remuneration does not lag behind the wages trend in industry. Secondly, we myst renew our attack on Clause 5 of the Trade Disputes Act. What an absurd and intolerable position it will become if the Government, whilst insisting on our standards of remuneration being related to those of workers outside, continues to forbid us to co-operate with outside Trade Unions! ..."
"Llandudno"
David Thomson
President 1937–38
David Thomson was the second President of the federated body but did not preside over a Conference as he was succeeded in 1938 by W.T.Seddon, first President of the amalgamated Federation.
On 28 May 1938
came the amalgamation of the already federated Association of Officers of Taxes and the National Association of the Taxes Assessing and Collecting Services with the Valuation Office Clerical Association. The three separate Associations ceased to exist. All became one in the Inland Revenue Staff Federation.
William Thomas Seddon
Third President
1938 1st A.D.C. Bexhill
1939 2nd A.D.C. Glasgow
1940 3rd A.D.C. London
1941 4th A.D.C London
1938 "... I trust that the lead which our constituents have given in amalgamation will be a happy augury for the efforts we are making towards achieving an alliance of the organizations representing the clerical grades in the Civil Service ..."
"Bexhill"
1939 "... Today the world around us is trembling on the brink of a great upheaval. Hatreds, fears and ambitions have all combined to threaten the peace of the civilized world ... It has taken many people a long time to learn the obvious lesson that no individual can lose his liberty without that act weakening the liberties of every other individual ..."
"Glasgow"
1940 "... At this time, when the war has entered upon a more ruthless, a more dangerous and, maybe, a more decisive phase, our first thoughts as we meet here today must be for our members serving with the Forces ..."
"London"
1941 "... Mr Churchill, when he took office, promised us nothing but blood and tears, sweat and toil. Hitler will see to it that we get the blood and tears. We can only defeat him by sweat and toil. Nothing else matters to any of us but ultimate victory. All those rights and liberties which mean so much to us will be as dust and ashes if we fail ..."
"... We believe that in steering the middle course we have been interpreting the wishes of almost all our members. That course has been the wholehearted support of the war effort accompanied by intelligent vigilance for and open criticism of any unnecessary restrictions of liberty, the rediculour postures of little people dressed up in a lot of red tape, and misuse of power by people in positions of authority ..."
"London"
James Cyril Jagger
Fourth President
1942 5th A.D.C. London
1943 6th A.D.C London
1942 "... This (1941) Budget registered a new high level in direct taxation and brought within its provisions several million new taxpayers ..."
"... Our membership was immediately alive to the herculean task in which it would be involved and your Executive Committee was very concerned lest our failure to perform the task efficiently and to time-table brought upon us the public criticism and contumely to which the sealed lips of Civil Servants of the last war made us so much subjected ..."
"... The Board maintained its traditional silence ..."
"... the Press and B.B.B. turned to the Federation for assistance and enlightenment ..."
"our General Secretary did a series of explanatory broadcasts ..."
"... That is the history of our entry upon a path we never dreamed to tread."
"London"
1943 "... Now we are faced with the need to make our contribution to Civil Service post-war reconstruction and already the General Secretary is much occupies with several colleagues on the National Staff Side in preparing for early discussions with the Treasury."
"London"
The Annual Delegate Conference was cancelled in 1944 because of the critical stage of the war.
William Frederick Bottrill Smith
Fifth President
1945 7th A.D.C. London
1946 8th A.D.C. Margate
1945 "It is my privilege to open our first Conference following victory in Europe. For over five years the nation has been engaged in the grim struggle to crush the menace of Nazi oppression. During these dark days we readily forfeited many of the improvements in conditions won after years of struggle: we willingly worked longer hours, we gladly put up with black out conditions and we heartily cussed the all to frequent visits of the Luftwaffe! We enthusiastically exercised the old British privilege of enjoying our grumbles about heavy personal tax deductions, restrictions on liberty and rationing. Ours has been no glamour job. Sweat, yes; tears, maybe; blood, sometimes. But through it all we can claim to have produced the goods - against great odds - and to have played our part throughout the crisis in Britain's history..."
1946 "The welcome repeal of the Trade Disputes Act, 1927, opens up opportunities for the Civil Service unions to shoulder a full share of responsibility. Affiliation to the T.U.C. will enable us to join with the trade union movement generally in ensuring that the workers' efforts are used to best advantage. In all directions it cannot be doubted the Federation is entering a new era of activity and opportunity ... our greatest contribution to a national recovery can be made within our own Department ... criticism is not enough - we must find a solution..."
"Margate"
Reginald George Cox
Sixth President
1947 9th A.D.C. Ryde, Isle of Wight
1948 10th A.D.C. Scarborough
1949 11th A.D.C. Brighton
1947 "... As for the conditions in Tax offices ... it is really time that the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as our Minister, made a determined effort to get to the root of the perpetual state of chaotic overwork, serious arrear and persistent discontent..."
"Ryde"
1948 "... In the light of our experience we are convinced, and have consistently advocated, that some further form of federation is the only solution to the problem of association representation which has arisen in the Chief Inspector's Branch as a consequence of the Taxes Reorganisation Scheme..."
"Scarborough"
1949 "... By a fortunate coincidence, the General Secretary's election to Parliament, on which we all offer him our hearty congratulations, enabled him to serve on the Standing Committee of the House of Commons charged with the detailed examination of the Superannuation Bill. It hardly needs me to say ... he was not unvigilant of the interests of the people to whom he has rendered a lifetime service..."
"... Anyone who knows the taxes machine as we do must be seriously concerned at its failure to do its job fairly and squarely as between one taxpayer and another ... The clue to the situation is manpower, not more of it, but better use of the experience and ability we have in our ranks..."
"Brighton"
Gerald Benjamin Walker
Seventh President
1950 12th A.D.C. St Annes
1951 13th A.D.C. St Annes
1950 "... Trade Unions exist and function in conditions entirely different to those which first impelled men and women workers to band together for the protection of their livelihood and to resist exploitation and victimization ... unless we can develop a spirit of social service throughout our movement, every suggested solution for the ills of our times based upon economic analysis will be unavailing..."
"Today the body politic affects every sphere of our lives to a greater extent than ever before and if we treat it with blissful indifference it is my firm opinion that we shall be sadly prejudicing our position as an effective bargaining force..."
"St Annes"
1951 "... The summary dismissal at the T.U.C. of our resolution asking for consideration of a National Wages Board was painful and disappointing at the time, but thanks to the interest aroused in the Press, and the position of our General Secretary in the political world, the idea has attracted a great deal of attention in other places..."
"... It is an advantage not only of the nation but also of ourselves as Civil Servants that there should not be one Civil Servant too many..."
"St Annes"
Richard Henry Le Fevre
Eighth President
1952 14th A.D.C. Scarborough
1953 15th A.D.C. St Annes
1952 "... We are now equal partners in the fullest sense, having achieved a stature to be much admired in so short a time from the Conference in this town when the Collection Service decided to combine their fortunes with ours...
"... if necessary the Chancellor must be told in quite plain terms that he cannot add burdens to the Department in the shape of such thins as the back-duty drive, an avalanche of untaxed interest cases, and E.P.L. and at the same time look for a reduction of staff. ..."
"Scarborough"
1953 "... I am particularly happy to say that our relations with the Association of H.M. Inspectors of Taxes have throughout my term of office been those of the utmost co-operation and friendliness. I believe we now have a bond in existence between the two organisations which will endure and that we can go forward harmoniously in a joint effort to secure the sort of career which we desire..."
"... We have a splendid organisation to serve us - let us cherish it and nurture is and have its strength always available when we wish to make progress..."
"St Annes"
William Robert Roy Skinner
Ninth President
1954 16th A.D.C. St Annes
1956 17th A.D.C. St Annes
1954 "... The General Secretary is absent from the Conference today in order to raise in the House of Commons, this afternoon, the question of overtime and working conditions arising from the clause in the Finance Bill dealing with Post War Credits and also to probe further into what we now believe to be a quite unjustified reflection upon the Department concerning directors' expenses..."
"St Annes"
1955 "... Although it will take six years to achieve full parity with men, Equal Pay has now arrived after thirty-five years of struggle. No previous President of the Federation has ever been able to make such a statement, and I am proud to do so..."
"St Annes"
Winifred Mary Kidd
Tenth President
1956 18th A.D.C. St Annes
1957 19th A.D.C. Eastbourne
1956 "... We meet at probably the most momentous period in Civil Service history for the last quarter of a century. Some of us can look back to 1931 and remember the aftermath of the Report of the Tomlin Commission; not many can recall, almost twenty years previously, the Macdonnel Commission of 1912. ..." "... Those of us who recall the deficiencies of the Tomlin Report can surely look with a great measure of satisfaction to what is offered by the Priestly Commission Report ... first and foremost ... the Civil Service Pay Research Unit..."
"St Annes"
1957 "... One of the most memorable occasions I or the Federation will witness was the "40 Years On" dinner last November ... some of that great gathering may have been conspicuous for their achievements and present position, all were proud of being or having been for so long a time part of the Federation's progress. Let none of us be so little that we cannot appreciate the significance of the Federation's growth and success, cannot dwell on its early history, and pause, once in a while. ..."
"Eastbourne"

</doc>
<doc id="20113018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113018" title="Beetgum">
Beetgum

Beetgum gained notoriety in 1895, when three brothers from the village – the brothers Keimpe, Wybren en Marten Hogerhuis – were arrested for their alleged (and much disputed) involvement in a burglary in the village of Britsum. The involvement of the Social Democrat Party's leader, Pieter Jelles Troelstra two years later, catapulted the village into the national headlines.

</doc>
<doc id="20113019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113019" title="Jackie's Back">
Jackie's Back

"Jackie's Back" is a 1999 television movie directed by Robert Townsend. It premiered on the Lifetime Television Network on June 14, 1999.
Plot.
Presented as a mockumentary, "Jackie's Back" chronicles the life and career of Jackie Washington (Jenifer Lewis), a 1960s/1970s R&B diva. After several years of toiling in obscurity, Washington decides to organize her own comeback concert with filmmaker Edward Whatsett St. John (Tim Curry) filming the event. The film also features numerous cameo appearances by celebrities.

</doc>
<doc id="20113023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113023" title="Rukaj">
Rukaj

Rukaj is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20113029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113029" title="Beetgumermolen">
Beetgumermolen


</doc>
<doc id="20113032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113032" title="Miguel Faílde">
Miguel Faílde

Miguel Faílde Pérez (Guacamaro, Matanzas, 23 December 1852 – 26 December 1921), was a Cuban musician and bandleader. He was the official originator of the danzón, and the founder of the Orquesta Faílde. 
Faílde's father was a Galician immigrant, and his mother a "parda" (dark mulatta). He was first taught music by his father, who was a trombone player, and at ten played cornet in the "Banda de Bomberos" (firemen) "de Matanzas". Later he learnt harmony and composition under a French tutor, Federico Peclier. He also learnt the viola and double bass. Faílde, a mulatto, was one of many musicians who actively conspired against the Spanish colonial rule; his life included the time of the Cuban War of Independence.
His orchestra was highly successful, though his major achievements were the creation of the danzón and the compositions he wrote, many of which have been adapted since for other rhythms. The danzón was, in his own words, a development of the danza, and that was the child of the contradanza. "De la danza al danzón había un simple paso." (from the danza to the danzón is a simple step) Actually, it was not quite such a simple step. For a start, the danzón was a much slower dance than both the contradanza and the danza; and it allowed for pauses between the different sections of a number. Both these features were welcomed in the tropical climate of Cuba. Perhaps even more significantly, the danzón was a couple dance, though not a moving one like the waltz. The contradanza and danza were both sequence dances involving the whole dance-floor, as were all ballroom dances before the waltz.
The habanera was the established favourite before the danzón came on the scene. It was also a slow dance, and a descendent of the contradanza. The habanera had the advantage of being a "sung" genre, which the danzón was not until much later. Both genres made use of syncopated creole rhythms; in the danzón it is the cinquillo. In retrospect it is often difficult to see why one genre is preferred to another; the quality of compositions and the orchestras which choose to play it must have some influence.
Did Faílde really invent the danzón? The doubt is caused by the work of Manuel Saumell, who anticipated many of the rhythms which came later in the 19th century, and who may be the most important Cuban composer of that century. At length the Cuban government made Faílde the official inventor of the danzón – in 1960, by which time the danzón had become a relic, and its 'child', the chachachá, had taken over.

</doc>
<doc id="20113036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113036" title="Berlikum">
Berlikum


</doc>
<doc id="20113046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113046" title="BHW">
BHW

BHW, incorporated as BHW Holding AG, is German bank providing terminating deposits and mortgage loans. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Postbank Group.
History.
The company was founded in 1928 as Beamten-Heimstättenwerk, which roughly translates as civil servants' home (building) society. After World War II, it moved its registered office to Hameln.
In 1990, it was re-organised as BHW Holding GmbH to become BHW Holding AG later, followed by an initial public offering in 1997. In 2006, Deutsche Postbank acquired more than 90% of BHW's shares and made an offer to remaining shareholders. It finally completed the acquisition in February 2008, taking the company private.

</doc>
<doc id="20113049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113049" title="Blessum">
Blessum


</doc>
<doc id="20113070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113070" title="Said Brahimi">
Said Brahimi

Said Brahimi (17 March 1931 in Bône-27 December 1997, in Annaba) was an Algerian-born French international football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20113074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113074" title="Ulëz">
Ulëz

Ulëz is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20113082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113082" title="Johan Wilhelm Heinrich Giess">
Johan Wilhelm Heinrich Giess

Johan Wilhelm Heinrich Giess aka Willi Giess (21 February 1910 Frankfurt-am-Main - 28 September 2000 Swakopmund) is noted for having started an official herbarium at Windhoek, his extensive collection of Namibian plants and generally furthering botanical knowledge of the territory. 
Giess arrived in South West Africa with his parents on 4 February 1926 and was drawn into farming by being one of the first students to attend the Agricultural College of Neudamm near Windhoek. From 1931-33 he was employed by the Animal Breeding Institute at the University of Halle where he specialised in karakul breeding. On his return to South West Africa, he managed a karakul farm and later bought his own farm in 1937 at Dornfontein Süd.
With the outbreak of the Second World War he and other Germans were interned in South Africa at a camp called Andalusia, now known as Jan Kempdorp. During his internment he studied botany with Prof. Otto Heinrich Volk, who had arranged classes for scholars in the camp. The tuition they received in the various sciences was of sufficient quality to be recognised after the war as being of university standard. 
As an ancillary activity Volk taught the students practical botany, assembling a herbarium from plants growing within the confines of the camp. The students also produced a booklet, a key to the genera of grasses, entitled ""Bestimmungschlüssel für Südwest-Afrikanische Grasgattungen"", illustrated with engravings on pieces of wood and typeset with lead from toothpaste tubes. Some of the type and engravings are on display at the Swakopmund Museum.
Immediately after his release, Giess was employed as plant collector at the University of Stellenbosch. His botanical training during the war had not been forgotten, and in 1953 he was offered the post of curator at the national herbarium in Windhoek.
The nucleus of the new herbarium was a donation of 2 000 specimens from the initiator of the scheme, Prof Heinrich Walter of Hohenheim Technical University. Giess spent four years establishing the infrastructure of the herbarium, while continuing work on his farm. When the South West African Administration assumed management of the herbarium in 1957 they offered Giess the curatorship on a permanent basis, a post in which he served until his retirement in 1975.
Giess resumed work under M.A.N. Müller, his successor. During his association with the herbarium he collected some 18 750 meticulously labelled specimens which are housed at BM, K, LUA, M, NBG, P, PRE and WIND. His field trips ranged over most of Namibia, visiting remote regions such as the Okavango River, Brandberg, Lüderitz, Erongo Mountains and Kaokoveld. He was founding editor of the botanical journal "Dinteria" (1968-1991) and compiled a "Preliminary Vegetation Map of South West Africa" (1971) and "Bibliography of South West African Botany" (1989).
Awards & honours.
Giess is commemorated in the names of numerous plant species, a beetle and a termite. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Giess when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="20113100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113100" title="Deinum">
Deinum


</doc>
<doc id="20113126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113126" title="Society of Architectural Illustration">
Society of Architectural Illustration

The Society of Architectural Illustration was founded by Eric Monk (as the Society of Architectural Illustrators) in 1975 to encourage the use of the architectural perspective or model as a valuable part of the communication process between architect and the general public. It changed its name to the Society of Architectural and Industrial Illustrators in the 1980s in a bid to increase membership. This did not work and the name was finally changed, after a protracted debate, to the Society of Architectural Illustration in the 1990s.
The SAI was the first organisation worldwide to provide the services of a professional body to the public and practitioners in Architectural Illustration and this lead has been followed in other major countries, most notably by the American Society of Architectural illustrators. SAI members work in several disciplines including illustration, animation, model making and photography.
The objectives of the SAI are to:
The present Patron of the Society is British painter Ben Johnson. Previous patrons include Sir John Betjeman, Sir Hugh Casson and Gordon Cullen.
The president of the Society is Joseph Robson a CGI artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20113129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113129" title="IRSF">
IRSF

IRSF is an acronym that may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20113130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113130" title="Erysimum siliculosum">
Erysimum siliculosum

Erysimum siliculosum is a biennial or perennial herb from Xinjiang, Kazakhstan, Russia, and Turkmenistan, reaching 30-90(100)cm tall. This species inhabits sandy areas and dunes from 400 to 1400 m of altitude.
Description.
"Erysimum siliculosum" produced trichomes malpighiaceous throughout, mixed with 3-forked ones on calyx. Stems erect, often branched at base and above. Basal leaves rosulate, often persisting, petiolate; leaf blade filiform to linear, rarely linear-oblanceolate, 1.5-8 cm × 1-2(-5) mm, longitudinally folded, base narrowly attenuate, margin entire, apex acute. Cauline leaves similar to basal. 
Reproductive biology.
"Erysimum siliculosum" flowers from May to July, depending on the altitude.
Racemes are corymbose, densely flowered, ebracteate or rarely lowermost few flowers bracteate, elongated considerably in fruit. Fruiting pedicels are ascending or divaricate-ascending, (2-)4-6 mm, stout, narrower than fruit. Sepals are oblong-linear, (6-)7-9(-10) × 1-2 mm, united, persistent well after fruit maturity, strongly saccate. 
Petals are bright yellow, obovate or broadly spatulate, (1.1-)1.4-1.8(-2) cm × 5-8 mm, apex rounded; claw distinct, subequaling sepals. Filaments yellow, 6-10 mm; anthers linear, 2-3 mm. Ovules 50-100 per ovary. 
Fruit are oblong to oblong-linear, strongly 4-angled, slightly angustiseptate, (5-)7-10(-14) × 2-3 mm, smooth, erect and often appressed to rachis, straight; valves with a prominent midvein and slightly winged keel, outside with transversely oriented malpighiaceous trichomes, inside glabrous; style slender, (4-)5-10(-12) mm, cylindric; stigma strongly 2-lobed, with lobes often divergent. Seeds are oblong, 1.1-1.4 × 0.7-0.9 mm. 2n = 14.

</doc>
<doc id="20113133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113133" title="Journey into Medicine">
Journey into Medicine

Journey into Medicine is a 1947 American documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20113140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113140" title="Gribi būt miljonārs?">
Gribi būt miljonārs?

Gribi būt miljonārs? (English translation: "Want to be a millionaire?") was a Latvian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?".
The show was hosted by Ģirts Līcis (earlier by Mārtiņš Ķibilds). 
"Gribi būt miljonārs?" was broadcast from 2002 to 2008. It was shown on the Latvian TV station TV3 on Wednesday at 20:20 (UTC+2).
Rules.
The main goal of the game was to win 50,000 lati by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. When a contestant got the fifth question correct, he would leave with at least 100 lati. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, he would leave with at least 1,000 lati. There were three "lifelines" - "fifty fifty", "phone a friend" and "ask the audience". Later, at the third season, there was sometimes a fourth lifeline, that you could get if you answer at least five questions. It was called, "three smarts". It meant, that in 30 seconds three celebrities could tell you what they think is the answer to the question.

</doc>
<doc id="20113147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113147" title="Komsi">
Komsi

Komsi is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20113154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113154" title="Ureshino-Onsen Station">
Ureshino-Onsen Station

Lines.
Ureshino-Onsen Station will be served by the Kyushu Shinkansen and Leung Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="20113158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113158" title="Abdullah Al Shemali">
Abdullah Al Shemali

Abdullah Al Shemali(born June 18, 1988 in Kuwait City) is a Kuwaiti football midfielder, who plays for Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Arabi.
He played for Al-Arabi in the 2007 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20113159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113159" title="Keldian">
Keldian

Keldian is a Norwegian metal band, originating from Aurland in the Sogn og Fjordane county, that made their debut in 2007 with the album "Heaven's Gate". Their music is a blend of classic 1980s era melodic rock and more modern power and symphonic metal influences. Keldian is a studio project, with band members Christer Andresen and Arild Aardalen composing, producing and performing the music with the aid of hired session musicians.
Pre-Keldian history 1988-2004.
Andresen and Aardalen both grew up in the small town of Aurland, situated by the innermost arm of the Sognefjord in Norway. Andresen started playing guitar at the age of 8 and spent many of his early years in the hard rock band Madam Curie. Later on he joined forces with keyboardist Aardalen for the first time in the electronica-inspired stage project Protos Nemesis. Madam Curie and Protos Nemesis then fused into the short-lived Alien Love Gardeners, a classic rock band that released an EP titled "Cuts Shape The Man" in 2000. When the band broke up Andresen and Aardalen re-worked this EP as a studio exercise. They called the project Keld and renamed the EP "Salvation For The Guilty", and this soon formed the basis for Keldian.
Both the "Salvation For The Guilty" EP and earlier works by Protos Nemesis can be accessed through the "Hidden History" section on the official Keldian website.
Keldian history 2005-2012.
Andresen and Aardalen both figured in a 2005 cover band project named Top Guns, which covered rock and pop classics from the 1980s in concert. It seems that this project, in addition to the "Salvation For The Guilty" EP, was the impetus to create Keldian the same year. Andresen and Aardalen recorded original demos in the summer of 2005 and the following winter. These pre-production demos were then taken into production and embellished into their debut album "Heaven's Gate". The album was produced and engineered by Aardalen, who had by then become a professional sound engineer. "Heaven's Gate" was released through American label Perris Records in early 2007. The album had worldwide distribution, including a unique Japanese edition that featured a bonus track, and enjoyed brisk sales despite being the debut record of an unknown band. Fan favourites on the album include the metal anthem "Sundancer" and the dark ballad "Redshift".
The band's name is derived from the Old Norse word «kelde», which means outspring, source or well in English. The band would be inspired by science-fiction, spirituality and philosophy for their lyrics, and the band's name was chosen to reflect that the roots of the soul are intimately linked to human kind's ultimate destiny among the stars. Keldian would loosely mean "someone who comes from the source".
In May 2008, Keldian released their second album "Journey of Souls", also through Perris Records, which received favourable reviews in many parts of the world. The band were praised for their original approach to the heavy metal genre, and also hailed as some of the genre's best lyricists, the latter exemplified by the war epic "Memento Mori".
In a September 2008 radio interview with the Norwegian Broadcasting Company, Aardalen hinted that the third Keldian album was in the planning stages. The writing and production of this album would be significantly prolonged, as Keldian split from their record label and built their own studio to have maximum flexibility and control over their operations and finances. The rights to the first two Keldian albums have reverted to the band, allowing them to distribute their music and merchandise directly to fans through their official website and Facebook profile. Their own label is listed as Galactic Butterfly Music, and all their music is available in their own Keldian album store.
Keldian history 2013-present.
On February 22, 2013, the band announced in a fan Q&A on their website that the third Keldian album would be titled "Outbound". On February 26, 2013, Keldian launched a funding campaign on Indiegogo, asking for contributions to the production of "Outbound", which was set with a tentative September 2013 release in the case of a successful campaign. On March 4, with the campaign going well, Keldian revealed the cover artwork for "Outbound". On March 6, 2013, the band's funding for the album was completed.
On August 27, 2013, the band revealed the "Outbound" track listing and running order in the blog on their website. They also confirmed that the album was entering the final mixing stages. "Outbound" is set for an October 31, 2013 release, according to several updates on the band's official Facebook page.
Studio collaborators and the possibility of live shows.
Keldian's most frequent collaborator is drummer Jørn Steingrim Holen, who is best known for his work in the black metal outfits Windir and Vreid. He has performed on all of Keldian's albums. "Journey of Souls" featured several more session musicians, most prominently drummer Per Hillestad, who is known for his many years of studio and live work with Norwegian and international artists such as a-ha.
There has been no Keldian live shows thus far, seemingly a consequence of the band's inception as a studio project. Andresen and Aardalen have stated in several interviews that their priority is to create a handful of albums before possibly turning their attention to touring. Aardalen has also commented that Keldian live shows are very unlikely, since the whole premise of Keldian "has always just been about me and Chris writing music together." The only confirmed live material featuring Andresen and Aardalen consists of recordings made of their previous band Alien Love Gardeners, but these are extremely difficult to come by. Andresen has said that these recordings might be made available through the Keldian website at some point.
Band members and associated musicians.
Keldian:
Featuring, among others:

</doc>
<doc id="20113160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113160" title="Harper University Hospital">
Harper University Hospital

Harper University Hospital is one of eight hospitals and institutes that compose the Detroit Medical Center. Harper offers services in a broad range of clinical areas, including cardiology, neurology, neurosurgery, organ transplant, plastic surgery, general surgery, bariatric (weight loss surgery) endocrinology and sleep disorders.
History.
Established in 1863, Harper is among the oldest U.S. medical teaching institutions. 
Nursing became professionalized in the late 19th century, opening a new middle-class career for talented young women of all social backgrounds. The Harper Hospital School of Nursing, begun in 1884, was a national leader. Its graduates worked at the hospital and also in institutions, public health services, as private duty nurses, and volunteered for duty at military hospitals during the Spanish-American War and the two world wars. 
World War I.
Base Hospital No. 17 was organized at Harper Hospital in September 1916, and was mobilized on June 28, 1917. On July 3, 1917, the organization was transferred to Allentown, Pennsylvania, leaving there July 11, for New York City, where it embarked on the Mongolia and sailed July 13, 1917. It arrived at Southampton, England on July 24, by way of Plymouth, England, and at Le Havre, France on July 25, 1917. It remained at Le Havre until July 28, when it proceeded by rail to its final destination, Dijon, Department Cote D'or, in the advance section, arriving there July 29, 1917.
Base Hospital No. 17 was the first American organization to arrive at that station, where it functioned as an independent hospital, until January 8, 1919. At Dijon the unit was assigned the Hospital St. Ignace (French Auxiliary Hospital No. 77), then operated by the French Army. The French had about 230 patients in the hospital when the unit arrived, the evacuation of which was not completed until August 18, 1917. It began receiving American patients on August 21, 1917, but the hospital was not officially turned over to the commanding officer until September 2, 1917. In June 1918, when the capacity of the hospital proved inadequate, a French seminary was taken over at Plombiers, France, about 3½ miles from the main hospital, and was operated as an annex. The seminary was a large stone building, of 800-bed capacity, and was used largely for convalescent and minor surgical cases. Base Hospital No. 17 ceased to function January 8, 1919; the unit sailed from St. Nazaire on April 14, 1919, on the Princess Matoika, arriving at Newport News on April 27, 1919, and was demobilized at Camp Custer in Michigan on May 9, 1919.
First succcessful open heart surgery.
Harper was the site of the world’s first successful open-heart operation, using a mechanical heart called the Dodrill-GMR developed by a General Motors engineer with Harper physicians, including Forest Dewey Dodrill. The mechanical blood-pumping machine allowed a human heart to be temporarily stopped and operated on while the machine maintained blood circulation in the patient's body. The successful first surgery occurred on 3 July 1952.
Recent.
In 2004, Harper was the first to debut the Intraoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging (iMRI) system in Michigan. Also in 2004, surgeons at Harper were the first to perform a kidney transplant on an HIV recipient.
The hospital is now staffed by faculty of the Wayne State University School of Medicine.
Accreditation.
Harper is in The Leapfrog Group’s 2008 Top Hospital list for patient quality and safety. The Leapfrog group identified 33 hospitals, (26 adult and 7 pediatric) which have achieved the highest level for quality and safety practices. The Leapfrog Group rankings are based on a survey conducted at 1,220 hospitals across the country.
Harper University Hospital ranked above the national average in a survey compiled by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and the Federal Department of Health and Human Services. The list included data from 4,807 hospitals across the United States. Of those hospitals, only 38 were ranked above the national average. The results are meant to assist the public in assessing how well their area hospitals care for patients with specific types of medical conditions including heart failure and heart attacks.
Harper University Hospital has received full approval from the Surgical Review Corporation (SRC) and the American Society for Bariatric Surgery (ASBS) as a Bariatric Center of Excellence. This accreditation recognizes that Harper's bariatric program meets the patient care standards as set forth by the SRC and ASBS.
Cardio Team One.
Harper, along with Detroit Receiving Hospital, is the home of Cardio Team One, a specialized initiative designed to reduce the response time for patients presenting at emergency room with severe cardiac disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20113175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113175" title="Gurrë, Mat">
Gurrë, Mat

Gurrë is a commune in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania. 

</doc>
<doc id="20113180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113180" title="Fourth Arts Block">
Fourth Arts Block

Presentation.
East 4th Street is home to more than a dozen nonprofit cultural and community organizations, and was designated a Cultural District by Mayor Bloomberg in January 2006. “Downtown's Theater Row" contains 10 theater companies, 2 dance companies, 4 visual arts organizations, and 2 non-profit community development organizations that have worked to create a plan for the long-term development of the cultural buildings on the block. Fourth Arts Block (FAB), is the leadership organization for the Cultural District, building a permanent home for the arts and preserving the [neighborhood's creative character. FAB advocates for the District, directs marketing and outreach efforts, leads projects that contribute to sustainable development, and supports the development and capacity of its members.
Background.
The East Village/Lower East Side of Manhattan has gone through remarkable change, particularly in the past three decades, when it began to experience a major real estate boom together with a huge influx of (mostly) young, single professionals attracted by the neighborhood's vibrant, diverse, creative character.
The story of the neighborhood immediately surrounding East 4th Street between Second Avenue and the Bowery is unique in its history of artistic activity and grassroots activism. At the turn of the century, 66 East 4th Street, known as Turin Hall, was a focal point for the German immigrant community, and the first Yiddish theater in New York, in what became the Yiddish Theater District. Next door, at 64 E. 4th, was the Labor Lyceum, where early advocates for unionizing gathered and the International Ladies Garment Workers' Union was born.
However, by the 1970s, the city was holding on to a large number of vacant properties, all acquired through eminent domain, with plans, developed by Robert Moses, to raze this 'slum area' entirely. Neighborhood protest and the city's economic downturn halted everything other than the establishment of the 'Cooper Square Urban Renewal Area" and a hopeful plan for its development.
The empty buildings sat there unused until La Mama, a small experimental theater and a founder of the Off-Off-Broadway movement which embraced artistic experimentation and social protest, led by the legendary Ellen Stewart, secured a 30-day lease from the city on a dilapidated property. The city's condition for the low rent was simply that La Mama would bear full responsibility for anything beyond the most basic maintenance of the building's shell. 
Gradually, other neighborhood arts groups secured similar 30-day leases in adjoining vacant buildings on the block. Fixing the properties up was all on their shoulders; bit by bit they repaired the roofs, kept the boilers operating, and improved their spaces. And the 30 day leases stayed in effect for anywhere from 15 to 30 years. That ended in October 2005 when these same pioneering tenants became owners and the East 4th Street Cultural District became a reality.
Usually, at this chapter in the gentrification story, the exodus begins. Artists and small arts groups are forced out due to wildly escalating rents. Manhattan communities once more prove inhospitable to the kind of diversity and cutting edge creativity these small groups represent.
However, in a decision that surprised many, the city - with unanimous support at all levels of government - decided to sell six buildings and two vacant lots on East 4th Street between 2nd Avenue and the Bowery for $1 each to the artist tenants. Local leadership, which has been actively seeking to diversify the area's reliance on bars/clubs/restaurants as its prime source of economic activity, enthusiastically lent its support. The East 4th Street Cultural District was created. All the properties are restricted to non-profit cultural use in perpetuity; and, to date, $4.7 million in city and state monies have been allocated for their renovation.
The East 4th Street Cultural District is only one block long, yet it encompasses 17 theaters and rehearsal studios, three film editing suites, and a large screening room. Each year it hosts over 200,000 people attending performances, workshops, and readings involving more than 1200 artists. Through the plan for the Cultural District, more than of vacant space on East 4th Street will be transformed into active cultural use.
Members.
East 4th Street is home to more than a dozen arts and community groups, most of whom are pioneers of the block and have had long histories of racial and ethnic diversity, artistic ingenuity, and engaging low-income families:

</doc>
<doc id="20113197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113197" title="The World Is Rich">
The World Is Rich

The World Is Rich is a 1947 British documentary film directed by Paul Rotha. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20113198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113198" title="Clearwater River (Oregon)">
Clearwater River (Oregon)

The Clearwater River is a river in Douglas County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is a roughly long tributary of the North Umpqua River, located about east of Roseburg in the Cascade Range.

</doc>
<doc id="20113203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113203" title="Manor House Publishing">
Manor House Publishing

Manor House Publishing Incorporated is a small Canadian publishing company, established in 1998 and based in the Ancaster neighborhood of Hamilton Ontario.
History and operations.
It publishes mostly in soft-cover books by Canadian authors, many previously unpublished. These books vary in subjects, including non-fiction, fiction, biography, business, New Age and poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20113228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113228" title="Émilienne Raoul">
Émilienne Raoul

Emilienne Raoul ("née" Matingou, born 7 January 1945) is a Congolese politician who has served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Social Affairs since 2002. She additionally served as Minister of Health from 2007 to 2009.
Life and career.
Raoul was born in Brazzaville and has a background working in education at the Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville. She was married to Alfred Raoul, who served as Prime Minister during the 1960s, prior to the latter's death in 1999. From 1998 to 2002, she was a member of the National Transitional Council (CNT), the interim parliament that existed during the transitional period which followed the 1997 civil war. Her writings include "Alternative Strategies to Fight Against Poverty in Congo" ("Strategies alternatives de lutte contre la pauvrete au Congo"), published in 2000.
In the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, held at the end of the transitional period, Raoul was elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate from the first constituency of Brazzaville's Seventh Arrondissement (Mfilou); she won the seat in the second round of voting. Following the election, she was appointed to the government as Minister of Social Affairs, Solidarity, Humanitarian Action, Victims of War, and the Family on 18 August 2002.
On 3 March 2007, her ministerial portfolio was altered and she was appointed as Minister of Health, Social Affairs and the Family. She accordingly succeeded Alphonse Gando at the Ministry of Health on 10 March. In addition to her post in the government, she is President of the Center for the Advancement of Women in Politics as of 2007.
Raoul's portfolio was reduced on 15 September 2009, when she was appointed as Minister of Social Affairs, Humanitarian Action, and Solidarity. She was succeeded by Georges Moyen at the Ministry of Health on 24 September.

</doc>
<doc id="20113237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113237" title="Xibër">
Xibër

Xibër is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20113242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113242" title="Slappeterp">
Slappeterp


</doc>
<doc id="20113256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113256" title="Wier, Friesland">
Wier, Friesland


</doc>
<doc id="20113265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113265" title="Schingen">
Schingen


</doc>
<doc id="20113276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113276" title="Engelum">
Engelum


</doc>
<doc id="20113283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113283" title="Ramarkal Mettu">
Ramarkal Mettu

According to legend Ramarkal Mettu is the place where Lord Rama performed the last rites for bird Jatayu, killed after a fight with Ravana to save Sita while she was being abducted by him to Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="20113321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113321" title="Knowledge (band)">
Knowledge (band)

Knowledge were a Jamaican roots reggae group, best known for their work in the late 1970s and early 1980s, which saw them sign to A&M Records.
History.
The group formed in the Rema area of Kingston, in 1974, the line-up including Anthony Doyley (lead vocals and main songwriter), Delroy Fowlin (vocals) aka Bronco Knowledge, Earl MacFarlane (vocals), Michael Smith (guitar), and Michael Samuels (vocals). Doyley had previously been a member of The Classics, who had recorded for Lee "Scratch" Perry in the late 1960s. Paul Freeman joined the group later in their career. They recorded for deejay and producer Tapper Zukie, first on the "Make Faith" single, with several releases on his "Stars" label. These led to a major label deal with A&M, who issued the group's debut album, "Hail Dread" (produced by Zukie), in 1978. The deal with A&M proved to be short-lived, with the group's second album, "Judgement", issued on the Roach label in 1980. Samuels subsequently embarked on a solo career, and Freeman set up his own 'Sunshine' label, along with Trevor "Leggo Beast" Douglas.
In the early 1980s, the group worked with producer Roy Cousins, achieving reggae hits with "Na Buy Apartheid", "Chant Rasta Man", and "Fire Burn" on Cousins' Tamoki-Wambesi label. They used musicians including keyboard player Pablove Black, Winston Wright, Leroy "Horsemouth" Wallace, and Sowell Radics. These recordings were collected on the "Stumbling Block" album in 1982.
The group split up, with Doyley emigrating to England. He died on 26 February 2011, aged 55.
Delroy Fowlin also emigrated to England in 2001, and released his own albums, "Tell Me Something" and "More Knowledge for the People".

</doc>
<doc id="20113329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113329" title="Five on Kirrin Island Again">
Five on Kirrin Island Again

Five On Kirrin Island Again is the sixth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in October, 1947. Julian, Dick and Anne come to George's house for their holidays. They plan to explore Kirrin island a bit more. But when Uncle Quentin announces that he is going to use the island alone for a few days, the Five are surprised. They request their uncle to signal 12 times twice day, one at the morning and the other at the evening,
There exist some film versions, e.g. "Fünf Freunde".

</doc>
<doc id="20113332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113332" title="Warren Adelman">
Warren Adelman

Warren Adelman (born 1963) is the former CEO of the Go Daddy group of companies, the World's largest domain name registrar; managing more than 50 million domain names and responsible for a significant percentage of the web sites on the Internet. The Go Daddy group of companies is composed of three ICANN-accredited domain name registrars; two of which (GoDaddy.com and Wild West Domains) are in the top ten largest registrars in the World.
Life.
Adelman earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and history at the University of Toronto. In addition to English, he speaks Hebrew as a native language. 
Career.
Warren joined Go Daddy after numerous senior positions in the technology market including CEO of NeoPlanet, a customer interaction software company where he established partnerships with Compaq, USA Networks, MTV, Universal Studios, New Line Cinema and others. Warren was also President of Strategic Relations at Network Associates (now McAfee) and Vice President of Business Development at Bigfoot International, a leader in email communications and marketing automation technologies. In 2002, Adelman joined Go Daddy as the Vice President of Corporate Development.
In addition to his role at Go Daddy, Warren served on the Industry Advisory Board at Arizona State University's College of Technology and Innovation. He also was a member of the ICANN Affirmation of Commitments Accountability and Transparency Review team.
Prior to entering the private sector, Warren served as an officer in the Israel Defense Forces. He also spent six years in international relations at the Israeli Embassy in Washington, D.C., where he served as Chief of Public Affairs. During this time, Warren was a member of the media and communications team for Israel's Delegation to Bilateral Peace Talks held in Washington, D.C. between 1991 and 1996. 
Warren is one of several angel investors who participated in funding Optimal, Inc. in late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20113347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113347" title="Editta Sherman">
Editta Sherman

Editta Sherman (July 9, 1912 – November 1, 2013) was an Italian-American photographer, often referred to as the "Duchess of Carnegie Hall", since she lived and worked in Carnegie Hall Artist Studios for over 60 years. Originally formed as a diverse artist enclave and bohemian work-live rental studios to financially support Andrew Carnegie's struggling concert hall, Sherman's home from the 1940s until 2010 allowed her to be part of a unique artistic community of neighbors. Her life's work consists of thousands of historical large format 8×10 negative camera portrait images taken of celebrities, writers, poets, models, sports heroes, politicians, and many others (including many of the famed former tenants of Carnegie Hall).
Life.
Sherman was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the oldest of eight children born to Nunzio and Pierna Rinaldo, immigrants who moved to the United States from Italy in 1910. Her father operated a photography studio in New Jersey where she learned the art at a young age. Editta married in 1935 to Harold Sherman, a sound engineer and inventor, as well as her business partner. He died at the age of 50 years old, after suffering blindness and diabetes, leaving Editta with five young children to bring up as a single mother. She and her husband were instrumental in raising charity funds for the American Theatre Wing during World War II by volunteering to take portraits of Hollywood stars to aid in the American war effort.
Sherman was a muse of Andy Warhol who filmed her with filmmaker Paul Morrissey in the 1970s. She also appeared in the Abel Ferrara film "Ms. 45" in 1981. She was a model as well as photographer and was photographed by Francesco Scavullo and symbolized aging gracefully at age 60 years old in his book "On Beauty" in the 1970s. A decade-long collaboration with her long-time friend and neighbor, William J. Cunningham, a "New York Times" fashion photographer, resulted in the Fashion Institute of Technology /Penguin Books 1978 publication of their book "Facades", visually detailing 200 years of fashion and New York City architecture. In November 1967 Kodak Films sponsored a solo exhibit of Editta's celebrity portraits in a three-week public show at Grand Central Terminal, in New York City.
Sherman lived in Carnegie Hall until July 2010, and continued to work there until September 2010, having become an icon for renter's rights and affordable housing for the elderly in fighting eviction against the City of New York, the current owner of Carnegie Hall. All former residents have now relocated, and The Carnegie Hall Corporation plans to demolish the commercial and residential studios — which in their 1950s Bohemian heyday numbered as many as 170 — to create educational and rehearsal space for the hall. The $200 million project is to be completed in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20113349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113349" title="Five Go Off to Camp">
Five Go Off to Camp

Five Go Off To Camp is the seventh novel in the Famous Five children's adventure series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1948, and was followed by a number of reprints and translations. The story evolves around mysterious "spook trains" that the Five hear about on a lonely moor. The book has been adapted to two television series.
Plot.
Julian, Dick, George, Anne and Timmy the dog (the Famous Five) are planning to go camping in a moor with the absent-minded and insect-loving Mr Luffy, a teacher at Julian and Dick's school. When they arrive at camp they find that their camping site is close to a farm, and that several old train tracks run under the moors, some of them are unused. They soon make friends with a boy named Jock, who lives at the farm with his mother and stepfather, the farm owners. While exploring the moor, the Five find a railway yard and a tunnel that are apparently abandoned. A watchman called Wooden Leg Sam tells them that "Spook trains" travel along those tracks before chasing them away. 
The children visit the farm the next day and tell Jock about the spook trains. They are surprised to find that most of the farm labourers are not working properly although Jock's stepfather, Mr Andrews, has supplied the farm with a lot of expensive equipment and vehicles. When Mr Andrews hears about the spook trains, he warns the children to stay away from the railway yard, and tries to prevent Jock from meeting the Five over the next few days. 
Julian and Dick secretly set off with Jock the next two nights to watch for the spook train, leaving the girls behind. They find that there is indeed a mysterious train coming from and back into the tunnel. George is infuriated when she finds that the boys have left them behind and goes off with Timmy, but accidentally falls inside the tunnel through a ventilation shaft and finds the train there. Meanwhile, the boys explore the tunnel while Anne waits outside, but are captured by some men led by Mr Andrews. Anne runs off to find Mr Luffy. George, who had been hiding inside the train, rescues the boys, and realising that the train is used for smuggling, they try to find a way out of the tunnel. They are recaptured, but Anne arrives with Mr Luffy and the police to free them. The criminals are arrested, and the Famous Five return to the farm, while Jock is delighted at the adventure.
Adaptations.
"Five Go Off to Camp" was adapted for an episode of the Famous Five television series in 1978, produced by Southern Television for ITV. In 1996, another Famous Five television series featured the story, and was first aired on 29 July 1996. The book has also been adapted for a radio drama.

</doc>
<doc id="20113351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113351" title="The Secret Land">
The Secret Land

The Secret Land is a 1948 American documentary film about an American expedition code-named "Operation High Jump" to explore Antarctica. It won the Academy Award for Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Reception.
The film earned $395,000 in the US and Canada and $181,000 elsewhere, resulting in a profit of $10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20113372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113372" title="St.Thomas School Thiruvananthapuram">
St.Thomas School Thiruvananthapuram

St. Thomas Central School is a coeducational boarding high school, at Thiruvananthapuram in the south Indian state of Kerala. It is an English Medium School affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. 
St. Thomas Central School prepares students for the CBSE Exams.
The school was established by the Mar Thoma Church Educational Society (MTCES) on June 6, 1966. It is located on a campus, at Mukkolakkal, a village on the outskirts of Thiruvananthapuram city. Other institutions located on the same campus include St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, St. Thomas Teachers' Training College, St. Thomas Residential School and St. Thomas Pre-primary School. The students of the St Thomas are popularly called Santhomites.
History.
The school was established by the Mar Thoma Church Educational Society (MTCES)of the Malankara Marthoma Syrian Church and was established on June 6, 1966. The first principal of the school was Rev. P.K. Koshy, who served as Principal from 1966 to 1968.
Campus.
Located on the outskirts of Trivandrum city, St. Thomas Central School(STCS) has a lush 32-acre campus which it shares with its sister institutions. The school has an artificial tennis court, a hockey field, a football ground and a basketball court cum skating rink.
The Sanrevo.
This is an inter-school cultural fest hosted by the school, which was conceptualized and started by the ISC 2007 batch and is one of the most awaited school fests each year. The final year students, supported by their teachers and their juniors, are the organizers of the event.
The full form of 'Sanrevo' is Santhomite Revolution. The motto for SanRevo 2013 was "Revive. Recreate. Rise."
In 2009, St. Thomas Central school started the inter school fete, Colosseum. This is also organized by 12th grade students with help from the teachers and juniors. The motto for Colosseum 2k13 was "One Team. One Dream."

</doc>
<doc id="20113375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113375" title="Five Get into Trouble">
Five Get into Trouble

Five Get into Trouble is the eighth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1949.
In this novel, Dick gets kidnapped, mistaken for another boy whose name is Richard. The Famous Five track him down to a lonely, out-of-the-way house-but they are seized and imprisoned too... 
Plot summary.
The five are allowed to go on a cycling holiday after a lot of argument .While there they meet a boy called Richard Kent.His father is rich but fierce and once had a bodyguard named Rookie.Whom Richard didn't like and made a false plan to kick him out of their life.Richard asks the five to let him share the trip and promised to leave to his aunt's house at the end of the day if his mother gives him permission. They agree and Richard joins them. 
However Richard never asked permission and when he arrives to his aunt's he finds her away, as he leaves he gets chased by a car driven by Rookie. When he reaches the five he reveals the truth. Meanwhile Rookie's associates mistake Dick for Richard and kidnap him. 
The rest and Richard trace Dick to Owl's Den and on the way watch a man throwing clothes down a well.When they arrive they sneak in to the house but are caught and imprisoned themselves. Julian escapes in the house and finds a secret room with a man sleeping in it. The next morning Rookie sees Dick and explains his associates mistake. At this point the five are nearly free but Richard is recognized and they are held prisoner again. 
When one of the gang plans to go out the five plan to hide someone in the boot of his car. Richard proves his worth by agreeing to be the one. He escapes in the boot and goes to the police. When they arrive Julian shows the police the secret room which contains an escaped convict. The gang planned to help him leave the country in return for a share of the goods he stole and managed to hide.Richard goes home where he finds his worried parents waiting for him and five join them for a treat from Richard's parents for helping him from a great trouble .It ends with happy faces.

</doc>
<doc id="20113392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113392" title="Acinos alpinus">
Acinos alpinus

Rock thyme (Acinos alpinus) is a perennial plant of the "Lamiaceae" family. Synonyms include "Calamintha alpina" (L.) Lam., "Thymus alpinus" (L.), and "Satureja alpina" (L.). There are two subspecies of rock thyme: "A. alpinus meriodionalis", with smaller flowers; and "A. alpinus majoranifolius", which grows in smaller bunches. Rock thyme is sometimes used in pharmacology for its diaphoretic and antipyretic properties. In addition, it can be brewed and served as tea.
Morphology.
Rock thyme is an herbaceous plant averaging between 40 and 50 centimeters in height. The flowers are hermaphroditic; that is, they have both male and female reproductive systems. According to the Raunkiær system of categorizing life forms, rock thyme is considered to be a chamaephyte, specifically a chamaephyte sufruticosos.
The plant has a woody, fuzz-covered stem. Its leaves grow in symmetrical pairs and are connected to the stem by a thin petiole. Their shapes range from ovoid to lanceolates of 5 to 15 millimeters in length. 
The flowers consist of whorled inflorescences, consisting of clusters of 3 to 8 flowers. They range from 15 to 20 mm in length, and are generally violet in color. Depending on altitude, rock thyme flowers between May and August. Its fruit is schizocarpal, and splits into four equal portions upon reaching maturity.).
It is anchored to the ground by a taproot and a network of smaller secondary roots.
Habitat.
The plant originates from the mountains of Southern Europe.
In Italy, rock thyme can be found in most areas whose altitude is between 900 and 2600 meters above sea level. It is found in open fields, rock fissures, and areas with little fertile soil.

</doc>
<doc id="20113394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113394" title="Five Fall into Adventure">
Five Fall into Adventure

Five Fall Into Adventure is the ninth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1950.
Aunt Fanny and Uncle Quentin head off for a holiday in Spain — but not before Uncle Quentin loses his temper with the newspapers for saying exactly what he told them NOT to say! Now everyone reading the paper will know that his valuable scientific work and plans are locked up at Kirrin Cottage, practically inviting would-be burglars to come along and steal them. Disgruntled, he is forceably led from the house by Aunt Fanny and bundled into a taxi — and the house is left in the care of the Five and Joana, the cook.
A trip to the beach that afternoon proves interesting when the Five come across what looks like a dirty boy and his father. They ignore him and dig big holes in the sand to lie in, then go swimming, but when they return the boy has taken over George's sand-hole! A fight breaks out, but rather than let George (a girl) get into a fight, Dick steps in and punches the boy instead. Then they all find out the boy is actually a girl after all! The ragamuffin departs, and the Five believe they'll never see her again.
With Aunt Fanny and Uncle Quentin away, Joan looks to Master Julian as the Man of the House. Julian naturally loves this role and becomes Very Responsible Indeed when bedtime comes, making sure to lock all windows and doors...except for the tiny window in the pantry, which won't close properly. But it doesn't matter, it's far too small for anyone to climb through anyway. That night, Anne is terrified by a face at her bedroom window! Timmy rushes out to find the intruder, but returns later wet and bedraggled, ashamed of himself for failing to catch anyone.
The next day they all go down to the beach again. There they meet Jo, the ragamuffin girl. She spits damson stones at them and then teases George and makes Timmy come to her despite George's commands to the contrary. Like it or not, they seem stuck with the girl...although Julian and Dick both agree she's rather a fun, plucky person to be around. George fumes quietly.
Then things start happening. Anne, scared in case the Face at the Window returns, asks George not to leave her that night as they all turn in. So George asks Julian if he can just let Timmy out for his last walk. Timmy heads off into the night...and eventually returns acting very strangely, somehow tired and limp. That night a burglar breaks in and ransacks Uncle Quentin's study. Joan finds an almighty mess in the morning, and it turns out that Timmy had somehow been drugged while he was out on his walk, hence the reason he never stirred when the burglar was rifling through Uncle Quentin's work. After the police have come and gone and Timmy has recovered from his extra-long sleep, George makes sure to take him out that night herself so she can watch over him.
And then she and Timmy disappear...
George's disappearance is not noticed for a whole day. Anne wakes and finds her missing from her bed, and believes George has simply gone out early with Timmy. Later that morning, on the beach, the others look out to sea and spot two figures in a boat, which they assume to be George and Timmy. It's not until the boat comes in carrying two boys that they all get very worried indeed. Where can George be? That's when Jo turns up at the cottage and delivers a note that demands one of Uncle Quentin's valuable notebooks is handed over in return for their cousin! Jo is brought inside, but refuses to give any information. She bolts the first chance she gets and leaves Julian and Dick to make plans.
The adventure really gets under way when Julian, Dick and Anne once more come across Jo and persuade her to help them. Jo herself offers to help, purely because she thinks Dick is kind and wants to please him. She leads them into the forest to find an old caravan that she says George is probably locked in...but then she disappears and the others are left alone to find their cousin by themselves. 
After finding the caravan empty, with a message from George scribbled on the wall that says "Red Tower" over and over, and then a horrible night in the forest after getting lost, Jo once more turns up like a bad penny. But this time she can help. Red Tower, she says, as Julian demands her to point it out on a map, is not a place but a person. And Jo knows where he lives!
Julian, Dick and Jo head off to Red's castle-like place on the sea to rescue George and Timmy. Here they come across various bad guys including Red, Markham, Jake and Simmy, and confusion reigns when Jo — cunning as a fox — dives in and saves the day.

</doc>
<doc id="20113398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113398" title="Chris Williams (English footballer)">
Chris Williams (English footballer)

Christopher "Chris" Williams (born 2 February 1985) is an English professional footballer who plays for Stockport Sports as a forward.
The Manchester-born player notably appeared in the Football League for both Stockport County and Grimsby Town, before going on to play at Non-league level for Leigh RMI, Northwich Victoria, Bradford Park Avenue, Stalybridge Celtic and Fleetwood Town. He also had spells in the Welsh Premier League for both Rhyl and The New Saints.
Career.
Stockport County.
A pacey winger who can play on either flank, Williams started his career in Stockport County's youth system as a 12-year-old. He turned professional in October 2001, and made his first-team debut aged 16 years 256 days, as a late substitute in the 1–1 draw with Watford in Division One, on 10 November the same year. He spent several short spells out on loan, at Grimsby Town in 2004, Leigh RMI in 2005, and Northwich Victoria in 2006, and was released by Stockport in March 2006.
Move into Non-league.
After his release from County, Williams signed a permanent deal with Northwich, initially until the end of the 2005–06 season, but in August 2006 he suffered a compound fracture of the right leg which kept him on the sidelines until April 2007. Williams failed to make an impact on the first team, fell out with the manager, and in January 2008 he was released, moving on to Bradford Park Avenue where he spent the rest of the 2007–08 season before joining Stalybridge Celtic in the summer. In February 2009, he was transferred to Fleetwood Town.
Rhyl and The New Saints.
In September 2009 he moved on to Welsh Premier League club Rhyl where he spent two seasons. On 27 May 2011 he joined The New Saints. His competitive debut for the club took place on 30 June 2011 against Cliftonville in a Europa League first qualifying round match.
In July 2012 he rejoined Rhyl.
Return to England.
Williams returned to the English non-league by joining Stockport Sports during the 2013-14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20113419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113419" title="Five on a Hike Together">
Five on a Hike Together

Five on a Hike Together is the tenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1951.
Plot.
Two pupils at Julian’s and Dick’s school get a scholarship, so that the school gets extra holidays. Because Anne and George have a mid-term break at the same time the Five decide immediately to go for a hike across the countryside. Julian books to spend their first night at a bed and breakfast called Blue Pond Farm-House, but on the way there Timmy falls into a rabbit burrow and damages his leg. Consequently, Julian goes with George to Mr. Gaston, an expert on horses who also knows about dogs, and Dick and Anne head for Blue Pond Farm-House on their own. Mr and Mrs Gaston insist that Julian and George stay for the work done to Timmy, but the three do eventually reach Blue Pond Farm-House.
However, the weather had abruptly become dark and rainy, and Dick and Anne are directed only with the vaguest “ar”s when they request directions, besides being confused by ringing bells whose meaning they cannot decipher. The two children take completely the wrong route, and upon seeing a light, run to meet a completely deaf old woman. Assuming it must be Blue Pond Farm-House, Dick and Anne go in but the old woman, called Mrs. Taggart, bluntly announces they must leave because her son would not accept either of them. However, once Dick manages to communicate Mrs. Taggart agrees to let Anne stay in a remote loft whilst Dick makes do with sleeping in the barn.
During the night, Dick is awakened by a voice in the night who calls his name repeatedly. He knows the voice cannot be from one of the Five and cannot understand how he would know his name. Dick is handed a message in diagram form saying:
When Dick wakes up, Mrs Taggart’s son is back and the old woman forgets Anne, so that Dick shouts for Anne. The two recognise it was "not" Blue Pond Farm-House, something confirmed when they meet a local boy who directs them there quickly. Once they are back with Julian and George for breakfast, Dick and Anne tell the story of the bells and the message. Julian says that the bells signalled an escape from a prison, and the escaped prisoner meant to meet “Dirty Dick” Taggart at the barn, and Anne says that is how the prisoner recognised Dick’s name.
After this, the Five report the incident to the village police but the sergeant is extremely angry and strongly suspects the children are telling them lies. The Five consequently decide to hike to “Gloomy Water” higher on the moors and sleep in an old ruin, where they recognise that the message Dick was given was a clue to find stolen goods from a past burglary by a prisoner called “Nailer”, and that it was hidden in a boat called “Saucy Jane” in the lake.
Just as the Five realise where the loot is hidden, Maggie and Dirty Dick come to Gloomy Water to find it, but Timmy growls at the unpleasant-looking, chain-smoking couple, who want to wait for the Five to clear off. The Five, however, paddle into the lake but do not find anything, and the following morning, with the two villains absent, try to work out where the “Saucy Jane” is from the fourth clue “Tall Stone”, which they ultimately recognise as being seen clearly from where the loot is. Ultimately, with intense efforts to keep their raft steady, the Five locate the “Saucy Jane” at the bottom of the lake, then Maggie and Dirty Dick come in again, when Julian says they will be gone tomorrow to return to school. Thus, Julian (a star swimmer at school) comes out near midnight to collect the loot after failing to dislodge it the first time, and when they are able to force it from the sunken boat they find diamond and gold necklaces stolen from the Queen of Fallonia.
Although it was 2:30 AM when they recovered the jewels, the Five already plan to get them to the police, since Julian said the box was too heavy, and when they evade Maggie and Dick again and get back to Reebles to call Mr. Gaston, he is astonished that they have found the Fallonia jewels, and so is the police when the Five give the story of how they found them. At the same time, Maggie and Dirty Dick are stuck in marshland near the lake and are ultimately arrested themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20113436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113436" title="Five Have Plenty of Fun">
Five Have Plenty of Fun

Five Have Plenty Of Fun is the 14th novel in "The Famous Five" series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1955.
An American girl, Berta, stays with the five. Mysterious visitors to Kirrin island and a kidnapping combine to make this the adventure of a lifetime. Berta is hiding and only the famous five can protect her.

</doc>
<doc id="20113453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113453" title="Five on a Secret Trail">
Five on a Secret Trail

Five on a Secret Trail is the fifteenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1956.
Plot.
George is worried as her dog, Timmy, has hurt his ear. She pays a visit to the vet, and he tells her to place a round cardboard collar on Timmy to prevent him from scratching the bad ear. George is annoyed when everyone starts teasing Timmy because of the collar, and she goes to the end of Carters Lane on the common to camp alone, free from people who laughed at Timmy. She also leaves a note telling her family where she had gone, and tells them to send her cousin Anne to the place if she was willing to come.
When Anne comes to Kirrin Cottage and asks for George, Aunt Fanny tells her about Timmy wearing the collar and George being annoyed. So she leaves for the common. She goes there, only to find nobody. Then suddenly George signals to her. They both discuss about the camp. Anne asks her where the camp is, and George says that she planned it near a cold spring and an old cottage.
Next, when George asks Anne about Julian and Dick, who were very adventurous as usual, she replies that they have some kind of an educational tour. George is very disappointed.
George and Anne meet a boy who is the son of an archaeologist. He has a small, black and white, one-eyed, adorable mongrel called Jet. They ask him why he was there and he tells them that the area he was digging was an old Roman camp. He shows them some of his interesting finds. He asks them to promise that they wouldn't be disturbing him again. They promise him but on the condition that he shouldn't be wandering into their own camp too.
Then they have their meals and start to sleep, but Anne is woken up by pangs of thirst. She goes to the spring to have a drink, but she is lost and goes towards the old ruined cottage. She hears some sinister voices and sees some lights from the cottage. She comes back with the help of Timmy and tells George about what she saw in the morning. George is surprised and excited.
The next day they see the boy in their camp. George asks him why he had broken his promise. The boy tells her that he had made no promise. The girls are most annoyed.
That night they face a storm and have no choice other than taking shelter in the old cottage. They lie down with Timmy and in the middle of the night Anne sees three or four figures outlined in the lightning. She tells George but George tells her that they were just trees. But when the next streak of lightning came, they saw a figure of a man which had come close to the cottage, looking through the window. After the storm the girls reach their camp and the next morning they are fresh and happy.
They later get the news of Julian and Dick coming to Kirrin Cottage. George is most happy. When they reach the camp, George informs them about the cottage and also the boy. The Five walk off together and they see the boy beside a bush reading. The girls inquire of Jet and the boy replies Jet was never with him.
Then Julian and Dick search the cottage but they find nothing unusual. They decide to visit the cottage during the night and hide and watch whether there was anything queer about the cottage. They also find that the strange behavior of the "boy" was because there were twins, Guy and Harry Lawdler. But Julian and Dick discover that the cottage is not abandoned after all...

</doc>
<doc id="20113456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113456" title="Kleaster-Anjum">
Kleaster-Anjum


</doc>
<doc id="20113457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113457" title="Chromocell">
Chromocell

Chromocell is an American biotechnology company located in North Brunswick, NJ at the Technology Center of New Jersey, a research campus facility supported by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority. Chromocell was founded in 2002 by Nobel laureate Gunter Blobel and his student, Kambiz Shekdar to commercialize their proprietary Chromovert. technology. The company has grown to over 100 employees and is focused on the discovery and development of flavors, nutritional ingredients and therapeutics.
Chromocell works with global consumer goods companies to discover and develop flavor ingredients and natural taste enhancers. The company is active in all areas of taste sensation as well as aroma and fragrance enhancer discovery. In therapeutics the work is concentrated on analgesics and respiratory disorders where the technology has proven effective in the identification of potential new drug candidates.
Various Facts.
Chromocell Corporation was listed in NJBIZ’s September 15 2008 issue as one of the top New Jersey biotechnology firms. 

</doc>
<doc id="20113467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113467" title="Five Go to Billycock Hill">
Five Go to Billycock Hill

Five Go to Billycock Hill is the sixteenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1957.
Plot.
Camping again, this time on Billycock Hill, near the farm of Toby, a boy from Julian and Dick's school. Toby was very proud of Jeff, his cousin and thought he was a hero. When Jeff, a British Air Force pilot, flies off late in a stormy night with the newest aeroplane which is full of secrets, the Five are stunned. The media claims Jeff has flown away and people think he is a traitor. Could Jeff really be a spy? But the Five and Toby don't think so because jeff was always an ordinary British air force guy.

</doc>
<doc id="20113469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113469" title="Marssum">
Marssum


</doc>
<doc id="20113483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113483" title="Menaldum">
Menaldum


</doc>
<doc id="20113500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113500" title="Five on Finniston Farm">
Five on Finniston Farm

Five on Finniston Farm is the eighteenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1960.
Plot.
In this novel, the five children (Julian, Dick, George, Anne and Timmy), visit Finniston farm, where they discover ancient ruins of a medieval castle.
Whilst they solve this mystery, they are helped by two twins called the two Harries (Henry and Harriet), who are known by their ability to speak in unison, and held up by a family of arrogant, rude and rich Americans, Mr Henning and his spoilt son Junior, one of which an angry Grandfather threatens with a sword.

</doc>
<doc id="20113505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113505" title="Preguiças Lighthouse">
Preguiças Lighthouse

Preguiças Lighthouse also called Mandacaru Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Maranhão, Brazil. 
White truncated conical concrete tower, four black bands, four ribs, double gallery.
It is situated in the village Mandacaru on the banks of the Preguiças River, within the Lençois National Park. The nearest town is Barreirinhas, head of district. Built in 1940, it is still inhabited and visitable every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="20113517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113517" title="Five Go to Demon's Rocks">
Five Go to Demon's Rocks

Five Go to Demon's Rocks is the nineteenth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1961.
Plot.
Julian, Dick and Anne are coming to Kirrin to stay for a couple of weeks, but are beaten by Quentin's colleague Professor Hayling and his son Tinker (and monkey Mischief) on their way. There isn't enough room at Kirrin Cottage for everybody to stay, so Tinker suggests he and the Five go to his lighthouse at Demon's Rocks up the coast.
On arrival at the lighthouse, they settle in, and meet the local character Jeremiah Boogle, introduced to the Five by a local taxi driver Jackson, who tells them stories of olden time smuggling which went on in the area. He tells them about the three Wreckers who wrecked ships by luring them towards the Demon's Rocks deliberately and smuggled the wealth out of them. A petty burglary at the lighthouse introduces the two villains - Jacob and Ebenzezer - who also show tourists through the old Wreckers' Cave(s). During their own inspection with Jeremiah, Mischief runs off into the tunnels and subsequently appears with a gold coin. Great excitement ensues - he's found a long lost hoard of treasure, but where? Unfortunately Ebenezer (Ebby) is nearby, and also realises that treasure is in the vicinity. The turning tide means that they have to leave the cave, to return later to look for the treasure. Ebby and Jacob ensure that they can't do this by locking them in the lighthouse - but, with the aid of an old map, Julian discovers that it is possible to enter the tunnels through the lighthouse foundations. He and Dick do so, and in the space of a few pages locate the treasure. They then return to the lighthouse and that night light up the old lamp to let people know they are there and need help. Julian and Dick also lug the old warning bell up to the top of the lighthouse and, in a ferocious gale, bang it loudly to reinforce the light's message. Next morning they are rescued, and the tale ends with Julian and Dick promising to fetch the treasure and Anne planning to pack in readiness to go home.

</doc>
<doc id="20113525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113525" title="HMS Hinchinbrook (1778)">
HMS Hinchinbrook (1778)

HMS "Hinchinbrook" was the French privateer "Astrée", which the British captured in 1778 and took into the Royal Navy as a 28-gun sixth-rate frigate. She was Captain Horatio Nelson's second navy command, after the brig , and his first as post-captain. She was wrecked, with no loss of life, in January 1783. 
Privateering career.
The "Hinchinbrook" started life as the French merchant vessel "Astrée", built in 1778 at Nantes, and her owners were Guilliaume and Son, of that city. She was carrying a cargo of bricks and bale goods from Nantes when a British squadron under Captain Joseph Deane in captured her off Cape François, on 13 October 1778. She was described as being a ship of 650 tons, armed with 14 guns, and under the command of Louis David, master. A prize crew then took her into port, where the Royal Navy purchased her for the sum of £5,650 on 1 December 1778, renaming her as a courtesy to Viscount Hinchinbroke, eldest son of John_Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of the Admiralty in Lord North's administration.
British career.
Admiral Sir Peter Parker had intended to have "Hinchinbrook" upgraded to a 32-gun fifth rate, but this never came about. Instead, she became a 28-gun sixth rate, with a crew of 200 men. She was commissioned that December at Jamaica under Commander Christopher Parker. In May 1779, Captain Charles Nugent replaced Parker, who had been promoted to post captain in March. In September, Captain Horatio Nelson took command of "Hinchinbrook" and escorted a convoy to Greytown, Nicaragua. 
Nelson and the "Hinchinbrook" were based in the San Juan River from January until April 1780. "Hinchinbrook"s assignment was to support an expedition that Major-General John Dalling's wanted to capture the Spanish colonies in Central America, including an assault on the fortress of San Juan. "Hinchinbrook" was to take troops to the mouth of the San Juan River and wait for their return. The troops would go 70 miles up the river, take the fort, and then go on to capture other Spanish possessions. The expeditionary force was small, it was the dry season and so the river was low, and the climate was putrid. Nelson decided to leave "Hinchinbrook" and take the troops up the river himself. He used small boats that would ground in the shallows and have to be dragged by hand. At one point, a barefoot Nelson led a small group of sailors to capture the out fort of San Bartholomew. The force eventually did reach Fort San Juan and captured it, but between war and disease, about 140 of "Hinchinbrook's" crew of 200 men died and the whole expedition too was decimated. Nelson himself became ill, and debilitated by dysentery, withdrew "Hinchinbrook" back down the river. His friend Captain Cuthbert Collingwood replaced him in command of "Hinchinbrook" and brought the remainder of the expedition back to Jamaica. (Nelson and Collingwood had served together three years earlier in ; the transport "Victor" took Nelson from "Hinchinbrook" to Jamaica, where he took command of the frigate of 44 guns.) 
Collingwood remained in command of "Hinchinbrook" until December, when Captain Charles Hotchkys replaced him. Hotchkys's replacement, in February 1781, was Captain George Stoney, who in turn was replaced by Captain Sylverius Moriaty in June 1781. Moriaty was one among many navy personnel who suffered in the unhealthy climate of the West Indies; he was twice relieved during his period of command by Captain John Fish due to his health problems. Fish last commanded "Hinchinbrook" from 21 September 1781 to 12 February 1782, but apparently was on six weeks leave in January 1782.
On 13 January 1782 Admiral Peter Parker appointed Lieutenant John Markham to command "Hinchinbroke". Markham's orders were to cruise off the east end of Jamaica to protect trade.
Fate.
"Hinchinbrook" left Port Royal, Jamaica on 18 January 1782 and almost immediately started to take on water. The next day Markham decided to try to get to St Anne’s Bay, Jamaica but as she approached the harbour she stopped responding to the helm and she ran aground on a reef east of the harbour. Despite numerous efforts, her crew was unable to get her over or off the reef. A schooner came alongside and took off her guns, some stores, and her crew. She then sank that night.

</doc>
<doc id="20113527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113527" title="John Rolt">
John Rolt

Sir John Rolt PC QC (5 October 1804 – 6 June 1871) was an English lawyer, Conservative politician and judge who served as Attorney General under Lord Derby.
Early life.
John was the second son of James Rolt, a merchant of Calcutta, and Anne "née" Braine. He was born at Calcutta and brought to England by his mother about 1810. He was educated at dissenting private schools at Chipping Norton and Islington. His father died in 1813, and his mother in the following year. Around Christmas 1818, Rolt was apprenticed to a London firm of woollendrapers. Though his hours were long, he managed, by early rising and reading as he walked, to educate himself despite the disadvantages of his early life. On the expiration of his indentures in 1822–1823, he found employment in a Manchester warehouse in Newgate Street, which he exchanged in 1827 for a clerkship in a proctor's office at Doctors' Commons. His next step was to obtain two secretaryships. One to a school for orphans, the other to the Mill Hill School.
Legal and political careers.
Meanwhile he pursued his studies, and in 1833 entered the Inner Temple, where he was called to the Bar on 9 June 1837. Confining himself to the Court of Chancery, he rapidly acquired an extensive practice, in particular following his opinion for a large London firm in "Stubbs v Lister", which also led to a friendship with Edwin Wilkins Field. He took silk in Trinity vacation 1846. After some unsuccessful attempts to enter parliament, he was returned for the Conservatives for West Gloucestershire on 31 March 1857, and for ten years continued to represent the same constituency. In 1862 he carried through the House of Commons the measure commonly known as Rolt's Act, by which an important step was taken towards the fusion of law and equity. In 1866 he succeeded Sir Hugh Cairns as Attorney General on 29 October, and was knighted on 10 November.
On 18 July 1867 he succeeded Sir George James Turner as Lord Justice of Appeal, and on 3 August was sworn to the Privy Council. Incipient paralysis, due to long-continued overwork, compelled his resignation in February 1868, and on 6 June 1871 he died at his estate, Ozleworth Park, Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire. He was buried on 12 June in Ozleworth churchyard.
Private and family life.
In early life Rolt abandoned the dissenters and became a passionate adherent of the Church of England. He married twice:
Legacy and assessment.
It has been said that "In parliament Rolt made no great figure, but he voted steadily with his party, and did the drudgery connected with the carriage of the Reform Bill of 1867". Rolt was "neither a profound lawyer nor a great advocate; but he was thoroughly versed in chancery practice, had sound judgment, and quickness of apprehension".
Bibliography.
Obituaries:

</doc>
<doc id="20113546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113546" title="Five Have a Mystery to Solve">
Five Have a Mystery to Solve

Five Have a Mystery to Solve is the twentieth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1962. As the penultimate book in the Famous Five series, it follows the usual formula of finding secret passages, drinking ginger beer, hunting treasure, and foiling evil-doers.
Film adaptation.
An 6-part Children's Film Foundation film serial was produced in 1964, directed by Ernest Morris. The film starred David Palmer (Julian), Amanda Coxell (George), Darryl Read (Dick), Paula Boyd (Anne), Michael Wennink (Wilfred). Filmed mainly on location in Cornwall, United Kingdom, and at Bushey Studios, Herfordshire UK. On one occasion Enid Blyton visited the set during filming and spent the day with all the cast and crew.

</doc>
<doc id="20113550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113550" title="Smith Creek (Virginia)">
Smith Creek (Virginia)

Smith Creek (also known as Smith's Creek) is a tributary stream of the North Fork of the Shenandoah River in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. Its watershed comprises within Shenandoah and Rockingham counties on the western slope of the Massanutten Mountain ridge. Its headwaters lie in Rockingham County just north of Harrisonburg, and its confluence with the North Fork of the Shenandoah River is located just south of Mount Jackson.
Smith Creek's major tributaries include:
Smith Creek restoration project.
Smith Creek has been the beneficiary of a large-scale stream restoration project to revitalize the stream to a point where the native trout species can again thrive. Prior to the Civil War, trout up to 5 and 6 pounds were common in the stream, but as forested land was converted to pasture land for livestock the stream became unsuitable for fish. Restoration techniques include restricting livestock's access to the stream, which will reduce sediment and contamination from fecal bacteria, and planting grasses and trees along the banks, which will reduce erosion and sediment and reduce the stream's temperature by shading the water from the summer sun. By 2006, populations have already been reestablished in Mountain Run, and they have begun migrating downstream.
In 2010, the Smith Creek watershed was named Virginia’s Chesapeake Showcase Watershed in recognition of the community's outstanding efforts to rejuvenate the creek's aquatic ecosystem. Fishermen continue to flock to the creek for its excellent fly fishing. By 2011, Smith Creek was home to brown trout over and , and rainbow trout over are not uncommon.

</doc>
<doc id="20113579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113579" title="Christian Reiher">
Christian Reiher

Christian Reiher (born April 19, 1984, in Starnberg) is a German mathematician. He is the third most successful participant in the history of the International Mathematical Olympiad, having won four gold medals in the years 2000 to 2003 and a bronze medal in 1999.
Just after finishing his Abitur, he proved Kemnitz's conjecture, an important problem in the theory of zero-sums. He went on to earn his Diplom in mathematics from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
Reiher received his Ph.D. from the University of Rostock under supervision of Hans-Dietrich Gronau in February 2010 (Thesis: "A proof of the theorem according to which every prime number possesses property B") and is now junior professor at the University of Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20113583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113583" title="Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week">
Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week

The Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week is a weekly award given by the Football Writers Association of America (FWAA) to an American College Football team to honor that team's win and performance. Beginning in 2002, the members of the FWAA began naming a National Team of the Week. In 2004, the award first started being sponsored by the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl. 
Members of the FWAA board of directors and All-America committee decide the weekly honor. Each Monday during the college football season, the FWAA will name the Tostitos Bowl National Team of the Week throughout the regular season.
The very first recipient of the award was Duke, following their 23-16 victory over East Carolina to open the 2002 season, which ended the Blue Devils' 23-game losing streak. Since then, four teams have been given the honor at least three times, the most of any teams: Miami, Michigan State, Notre Dame, and Southern California. Only one team, Miami, has received the award twice in one season (2002), and only once has the award been shared amongst two teams (Texas and Oklahoma State in 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20113586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113586" title="Counter Force (Marvel Comics)">
Counter Force (Marvel Comics)

This second team of New Warriors is a superhero team in the Marvel Comics continuity composed mostly of former members of the original team of New Warriors.
Fictional history.
The purpose of the team is to monitor to ensure they stay true to their goal of training new and undeveloped superhumans.
In "Avengers: The Initiative" #12 after the defeat of KIA, the surviving Scarlet Spiders, along with the MVP clone and the real MVP's father, join with Justice and some former New Warriors that are Initiative trainees as a Counter Force of underground registered heroes.
Counter Force appears in a "Secret Invasion" tie-in story "Secrets and Skrulls" where they would team up with the current team of New Warriors, on a mission to recover the bodies of the original Night Thrasher, Microbe and Namorita.
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, a cyborg clone of Thor (created during the Civil War in the true Thor's absence) goes on a rampage at Camp Hammond, Counter Force resurfaces to assist in stopping the clone. Among the team is a person costumed as Night Thrasher, later revealed to be Donyell Taylor. In battle the group refer to themselves as "the New Warriors". They help to drive off the clone, but at the cost of one of the Scarlet Spiders. This drives Justice to retrieve MVP's body from under the Initiative, so that he may have a proper burial.
The team then absorbs Tigra and Gauntlet, who were on the run from Norman Osborn. Tigra suggests the team's name change to the Avengers Resistance, as a symbolic attempt to "take back" the name being corrupted by Osborn's "Dark Avengers". Together, they vow to take down Osborn.
After Osborn installs known criminals (supposedly reformed, but in reality working for Osborn through a deal with criminal mastermind The Hood) as Initiative-sponsored teams, the team sends a small squad to battle North Carolina's new "protectors" the U-Foes as a distraction while Night Thrasher hacks into a bank in Charlotte to check for illegal activities and establish remote access for future surveillance. Later, as a warning message to Osborn and his new Initiative, Tigra attacks Percy Grimes, one of the Brothers Grimm, while Grimes is on a weekend pass from Initiative training at Camp H.A.M.M.E.R.
While looking for Donyell Taylor, Tigra encounters a wheelchair-using Melati Kusuma who tells Tigra that she knows the layout of Camp H.A.M.M.E.R. and requests to join up with the Avengers Resistance to rescue Donyell.
Tigra and Patrick the Scarlet Spider infiltrate Camp HAMMER to rescue Donyell while the others fight Nightmare. After Nightmare is driven out of Trauma, Justice attempts to get Trauma and Penance to join up with them. Trauma and Penance decline Justice's offer and attempt to face the Hood in battle only for him to dismiss the two from the Initiative. It is later revealed that Diamondback is a double agent for the Avengers Resistance.
While Counter Force moves to a new hideout, Donyell stays behind now that Norman Osborn knows who he is.
During the Siege of Asgard, Counter Force hears about the incident at Soldier Field involving Volstagg and the U-Foes. Justice deduces that Norman Osborn orchestrated this. While Counter Force contacts the Mighty Avengers and the New Avengers, Donyell is advised to send E-Mails containing evidence of the U-Foes' payoffs where Donyell objected stating that Norman Osborn would make up some excuse to cover it. Justice concludes that they will have to attack Camp H.A.M.M.E.R. to expose Norman Osborn for what he is.
When visiting his brother's grave, Donyell is conflicted if he should go with the deal Norman Osborn and the Hood gave him. Counter Force takes the fight to Camp H.A.M.M.E.R. and ends up fighting the Hood's gang. They are knocked down by Hood's new Asgardian weaponry. When Donyell arrives, Hood demands that Donyell kill Tigra if he wants his brother revived.
Instead, Donyell attacks the Hood and is joined by Tigra as Hood uses the Norn Stones to empower some of the cadets on his side. Robbie Baldwin evades the guards and manages to get Batwing, Bengal, and Butterball to help the Avengers Resistance as he also reveals his identity. Hood receives a call from Norman Osborn requesting his assistance in Asgard. So Hood leaves in a portal while the other villains continue fighting. As Hood arrives in Asgard, Taskmaster deals with Captain America and is taken down. Constrictor saves Diamondback from an Asgardian soldier damaging his bionic arm. Diamondback then aids Captain America.

</doc>
<doc id="20113608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113608" title="Daybreak in Udi">
Daybreak in Udi

Daybreak in Udi is a 1949 British documentary film directed by Terry Bishop about cultural changes in Udi, Nigeria. It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Plot.
It is 1949, and colonial Nigeria is undergoing an identity crisis. There is a clash between the progressive, educated elements of society - those who desire westernization and modernity- and traditionalists who want to maintain Nigerian heritage. Two young African teachers, Iruka and Dominic (Fanny Elumeze, Harford Anerobi) decide the village of Udi should have a maternity home, itself a symbol of progressiveness and modernization. The British District Officer, E.R. Chadwick (E.R. Chadwick), after some persuasion, assents to this decision and agrees to provide the resources for the project. Before work can begin, Chadwick wants to ensure that everyone in the village is on-board for the task, but it quickly becomes clear that this is not the case. A man named Eze (Josef Amalu), an elderly resident, believes that building the maternity home is both an affront to the tradition and culture of the village, and works to persuade others towards his view. 
Chadwick visits the village in an attempt to convince the villagers otherwise, a task in which he ultimately succeeds. Work on the maternity home begins in earnest. Although it will prove a long, arduous process, the villagers band together to construct the building. They are interrupted by Eze, who arrives at the building site and claims that it is an old burial ground. He predicts that the builders will invoke the ire of the ancestors for disturbing the site and violating custom. Cultural values quickly manifest. Fear and superstition briefly stop the work, but Chadwick and Dominic arrive to allay the workers' fears and restart the building project. However, Eze’s threat looms large in the back of their minds. 
In time the building is complete, but before it is set to officially open, a young woman and her husband arrive in the village. The woman is in labor, and so Chadwick and the midwife (Joyce MgBaronye) agree to admit the woman as the home's first patient. That evening, while tending the woman, the midwife catches sight of movement and hears noises coming from outside. Frightened, she soon hears a knock at the door, but it turns out only to be Iruka coming to check up on the expectant mother. Relieved, the midwife resumes her work while Iruka sets a pot of water to boil on the fire. Shortly thereafter, there is another noise, and when looking out the window the midwife spots a masked figure peering in. Believing the masked figure to be a spirit of the ancestors, the midwife cries out in fear, but Iruka throws the boiling water onto the figure, revealing Eze, who flees back into the surrounding overgrowth. 
The next day the villagers march up to the maternity home for the opening ceremony, a traditional one complete with dancing, music, singing, and native costumes. Chadwick takes the center seat in front of the maternity home to watch the events, with, interestingly enough, Eze sitting near him. Eze has finally accepted that tradition and progress, as visible in the final scene, can go together after all. In the closing narration, Chadwick tells the viewer that progress brings "power, spirit, unlimited and unknown possibilities and destinations" and suggests that progress should be the ultimate goal of native society.
Awards.
In 1950, the film won an Oscar at the Academy Awards for Best Documentary. It also received a BAFTA Award for Best Documentary Film.

</doc>
<doc id="20113624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113624" title="Sangay Choden Wangchuck">
Sangay Choden Wangchuck

Queen Ashi Sangay Choden Wangchuck (born May 11, 1963) is one of the four wives and queens of Bhutanese king Jigme Singye Wangchuck, who ruled in Bhutan from 1972 until his abdication in 2006.
The other three wives and queens, all Sangay Choden's sisters, are:
She has the following children with the former king:
Ashi Sangay Choden Wangchuck is particularly interested in promoting the arts in Bhutan and advocating the country's rich cultural heritage. She is the patron of the Bhutan Textile Museum in Thimphu which she helped establish in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20113632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113632" title="Ancestor veneration in China">
Ancestor veneration in China

Ancestral veneration in Chinese culture () is the practice of living family members who try to provide a deceased family member with continuous happiness and well-being in the afterlife. It is a way of continuing to show respect toward them, and it reinforces the unity of family and lineage. Showing respect to ancestors is an ideology deeply rooted in Chinese society. It is based on the idea of filial piety (孝, "xiào") put forth by Confucius. Filial piety is the concept of remaining loyal to parents as their child. It is believed that despite the death of a loved one, the original relationship remains intact, and that the deceased possess more spiritual power than they did during life. In a sense, the ancestors became thought of as deities who had the ability to interact and have an effect on the lives of those still living.
The core belief of ancestor veneration is that there is a continued existence after death. It is thought that the soul of a deceased person is made up of yin and yang components called "hun" and "po". The yin component, "po" (魄), is associated with the grave, and the yang component, "hun" (魂), is associated with ancestral tablets . According to this belief, at death the components split into three different souls; the "po" goes with the body to the grave, one to judgment, and the "hun" resides in an ancestral tablet. The "hun" and "po" are not immortal and need to be nourished; it is the offerings that feed them. Eventually both the "hun" and "po" go to the underworld, although the hun goes to heaven first. Unlike in western usages of the term, underworld has no negative connotation.
Practices.
Mourning rites.
The mourning of a loved one usually involves elaborate practices, and commonly occurs in this sequence: A public notification of grief through wailing, the wearing of white mortuary clothes by the family of the deceased, bathing of the corpse, the transfer of symbolic goods like money and food from the living to the dead, preparation and installation of a spirit tablet, payment of ritual specialists (Taoist priests or Buddhist monks), the playing of music and chanting of scriptures to accompany the corpse and to settle the spirit, the sealing of the corpse in a coffin, the expulsion of the coffin from the community. The intensity of the mourning reflects the kind of relationship one had with the deceased. 
Confucianism placed importance on understanding and properly adhering to the five relationships:
From the time of Confucius until the 20th century the death of a parent would commonly mean a three-year mourning period for their child. The three-year length symbolizes the first three years in a child's life when they are being carried and loved unconditionally by their parents. These mourning practices would include wearing sackcloth, leaving hair unkempt, eating a restricted diet of congee two times a day, living in a mourning shack placed beside the house, and moaning in pain at certain intervals of the day. It is said that after the death of Confucius his followers engaged in this three-year mourning period to symbolize their commitment to his teachings.
Funeral rites.
There is a saying that there are two important things one must do before his or her life can be considered complete; One is to bury his or her father, the other, his or her mother. Funerals are considered to be a part of the normal flow of family life, and are what binds families together through generations. The primary goal is to protect the deceased from malevolent spirits, direct the yin soul to the earth, and the yang soul into the ancestor lineage. Funerals ensure comfort and reassurance for the deceased, and promote good fortune for their descendants. When the loved one passes, the corpse is bathed and dressed in grave clothes, or "longevity clothes" which represents longevity for the spirit. Incorporation of religious Daoist or Buddhist professionals may also be used in the funeral process to drive away evil spirits and bring good energy to the deceased. The family will then permanently place an ancestral tablet on an altar  in their home among tablets from other deceased ancestors. This act symbolizes the unity of all the ancestors, and the importance of family lineage. Incense is lit before the altar daily, and offerings such as favorite foods, beverages, and "spirit money" are given bi-monthly. Spirit money is paper money that can be purchased (which can now be found in the form of spirit credit cards, televisions, bicycles etc.), and then burned. It is believed that by burning the money and offering other necessities, you are then in turn giving the deceased spirit what it needs to live comfortably in the after life.
The wealthier a family is, the longer the burial can be delayed; where the coffin would remain in the main room of the family home to be prepared for burial. In some instances, a "lucky burial" can take place where several years after the burial, the bones are dug up, washed, dried, and stored in an earthenware jar. After the period of storage, the contents are then buried for the last time in a spot selected by a feng shui augur. More traditionally, this delay period is determined by social status. Kings' corpses are held in such abeyance for seven months, before being buried; magnates, five; other officers, three; commoners, one.
Continuing of sacrifices.
Descendants of the deceased would bury their ancestors with belongings that they wanted to be delivered to the spirit world with the deceased. Some royal families put bronze vessels, oracle bones, and human or animal sacrifices in the grave. All these sacrifices were seen as things one may need in the spirit world and as a form of continued filial piety. More common sacrifices included burning candles and incense, and offerings of wine and food. The "shi" 尸 "corpse; personator" was a Zhou Dynasty (1045 BCE-256 BCE) sacrificial representative of a dead relative. During a "shi" ceremony, the ancestral spirit supposedly would enter the personator, who would eat and drink sacrificial offerings and convey spiritual messages.
Types of rituals.
Sacrifice.
Sacrifice is performed regularly by the descendants of the deceased ancestors. Sacrifices are usually given, however not exclusively, at festivals. Such festivals include Qingming Festival and may include items like food, fruit, incense or candles for sacrifice.
Spirit money.
Spirit money is also commonly sacrificed. Spirit money is money with no monetary value but is symbolic of actual money. When it is burned at an altar or tomb it is believed that its value will be transported to the ancestors in the spirit world.
Prayer.
Prayer was usually performed at the household altar in a separate room containing the yang spirit of their ancestors. The eldest male would speak to the altar on a daily basis and possibly pray to the spirit to do something for the family. This ritual is very important since they believe if they forget their lineage they can either be haunted or become a homeless spirit when entering the spirit world.
Feng Shui.
The purpose of Feng Shui in funerary practices is used to regulate the flow of chi in regards to where the grave was positioned. A bad chi flow could result in an unsettled spirit. These disgruntled spirits could come back to haunt their descendants, so property plots with good feng shui are desirable for the burial of ancestors.
Festivals.
Qingming.
Qingming ("clear and bright") is the tomb sweeping festival that occurs on the Qingming solar term, which is April 4 or 5 in the Gregorian calendar. The festival takes place in the spring, which is considered to be a time of renewal where the deceased family could rejoin the living and rise once again. During this festival the families visit their ancestor's tombs to clean up (sweep the dust and pull the weeds) and redecorate them (add fresh flowers or new ornaments) as a way of celebrating the deceased's life instead of mourning it. The attention and services of the family are usually focused on the tomb of the most recent death, or the most significant ancestor, such as those who began their family lineage. The family is welcomed to join in the prayer and celebrations of life that this festival entails.
Ghost Month.
During the seventh month it is believed that the doors between our world and limbo are open for spirits to pass through and do as they wish. During this time it is customary to offer sacrifices of food or money to keep them appeased. It is thought that the family owes a kind of debt to the deceased family which must be paid through offerings. The money sacrificed to the spirits is "ghost money", or "spirit money", which is printed on paper because, with all respect to their ancestors, burning some items may be constituted as a waste. The ancestors that have nothing sacrificed to them may become "hungry" and cause bad luck for their neglectful family. The importance of ancestral sacrifices is great, because of the length of this period of roaming malevolent ghosts.

</doc>
<doc id="20113651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113651" title="Narta Lagoon">
Narta Lagoon

Narta Lagoon () is a lagoon in the west of Albania. It is the second largest lagoon in Albania referring to size and is located a few kilometeres north of the city of Vlorë. The lagoon is connected by two short canals to the Adriatic sea. Narta Lagoon is named after the village of Nartë which is found on the lagoon's southern shores. In the lagoon are two islands. The larger one is named Zvërnec Island. A wooden footbridge connects Nartë to the island, where is situated a 13th-century monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="20113681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113681" title="Kenji Comes Home">
Kenji Comes Home

Kenji Comes Home is a 1949 documentary film produced by Paul F. Heard. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20113694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113694" title="Servicemember's Access to Justice Act">
Servicemember's Access to Justice Act

The Servicemembers Access to Justice Act of 2008 (SAJA) () was introduced on August 1, 2008 by Senators Barack Obama, Edward Kennedy and Robert Casey. The bill was an attempt to ensure that returning reservists keep their jobs and employment benefits as required under current law. The bill was referred to committee and failed to become law in the 110th Congress.
Specifically, SAJA would have made it easier for servicemembers to obtain justice when their employment rights are violated by prohibiting employers from requiring servicemembers to give up their ability to enforce their rights under the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA) in court in order to get or keep a job. It also would have added minimum liquidated damages for willful violations and punitive damages for violations committed with malice.
SAJA was an attempt by its supporters to restore what they believe was the original intent of Congress to protect servicemembers under USERRA by making it clear that USERRA prohibits employers from paying lower wages to servicemembers simply because of their status as a servicemember, veteran, or applicant to be a servicemember.

</doc>
<doc id="20113702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113702" title="Bert Crossthwaite">
Bert Crossthwaite

Herbert "Bert" Crossthwaite (4 April 1887 – 20 May 1944) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Born in Preston, Lancashire, he began his football career as a youth with home-town club Preston North End. He went on to play one game in the Football League for Preston's arch-rivals Blackpool (at Gainsborough Trinity on 29 September 1906) and two for Fulham, and spent one-and-a-half seasons with Southern League club Exeter City, before joining Birmingham, for whom he played 49 league games. He later signed for Stoke, before retiring from the game in around 1915.
Crossthwaite remained an amateur throughout his football career. He joined the Birmingham City Police in 1910, rising to the rank of inspector. He died in Birmingham in 1944.
Crossthwaite's cousin, Harry Crossthwaite, played League football for Stockport County and Stoke.

</doc>
<doc id="20113747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113747" title="Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries">
Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries

The Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries (ISRI) is a private, non-profit trade association representing more than 1,600 private and public for-profit companies – ranging from small, family-owned businesses to multi-national corporations—operating at more than 6,000 facilities in the United States and 30 countries worldwide. Its membership is made up of manufacturers and processors, brokers and industrial consumers of scrap commodities, including ferrous and nonferrous metals, paper, electronics, rubber, plastics, glass and textiles. ISRI's associate members include equipment and service providers to the scrap recycling industry. Manufacturers and sellers of equipment and services—such as shredders, balers, cranes, cargo transporters, computer systems and more—also promote the scrap recycling industry through their membership in ISRI.
ISRI advocates for safety and responsibility in many different areas of the scrap recycling industry – Metals Theft, Electronics Recycling, occupational safety and regulatory compliance of its members. The organization also publishes periodic research on the recycling industry.
The trade organization operates a number of regional chapters, policy and networking events and an annual conference.
With a motto of the “Voice of the Recycling Industry,” ISRI promotes public awareness of the value and importance of recycling to the production of the world’s goods and services, along with the positive environmental benefits derived from scrap recycling. As part of this effort, ISRI advocates on behalf of the industry before the U.S. Congress, federal and state agencies, state governments and international bodies to help ensure the free and fair trade of scrap commodities globally. 
ISRI also educates the public about how the scrap recycling industry is uniquely positioned to meet the challenges of today’s world — a leading economic engine for the world providing real solutions that help protect and sustain the earth’s environment.
ISRI also publishes Scrap, a bimonthly magazine of scrap recycling industry news, features, trends, market statistics, business management, environmental compliance, legislative activities, scrap processing and handling equipment and technology, international market and trade developments and more. Each issue also contains a profile feature on a scrap processing company, a scrap consuming operation, and an equipment manufacturer. Regular departments cover market trends, industry news, new products, personnel changes, and industry meetings.
Metals Theft.
ISRI operates a free web-based alert system seeking to connect law enforcement communities and scrap yard operators in the investigation and prevention of materials theft. This service, Scrap Theft Alert, is online at www.scraptheftalert.com. Law enforcement officials can post information about stolen scrap materials, or materials that have been stolen by thieves that could be sold for scrap. The reports are turned into alerts that are then broadcast over the Internet to all member scrap yards within a 200 mile radius. ScrapT
Electronics Recycling.
Electronic scrap recycling is one of the most dynamic and fastest growing segments of the scrap recycling industry and generated an estimated revenue of more than $5.2 billion to the U.S. economy in 2010, employed more than 30,000 full-time employees in the private sector and when non-profit organizations are included, more than 45,000 people; and collected and processed domestically more than 3.5 million of used and end-of-life electronics. These figures are up, ISRI reports, from up from less than $1 billion in economic impact, 6,000 full-time employees and processing output 600,000 tons in 2002.
ISRI, along with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, industry representatives and other stakeholders, helped develop the Responsible Recycling certification standard for Electronics Recyclers, (R2), an environmental safety standard that seeks to implement environmental, health and safety regulations for electronics recyclers in the absence of regulation in the U.S.
Companies certified to the standard agree to meet and maintain specific health and safety requirements in the process of dismantling and recycling scrap electronics.
ISRI also developed the RIOS standard to help improve the recycling industry overall and is available to any recycler, not just electronics recyclers.
A current list of Certified Electronics Recyclers is available at http://www.r2rios.org/certified_electronic_recyclers.html.
Recycling Industry Jobs.
ISRI produces periodic reports detailing information on the state of the U.S. scrap recycling industry. Several recent studies show that the U.S. scrap recycling industry creates and supports hundreds of thousands jobs in the United States and generates billions in revenue for federal, state and local governments across the country.
Currently, the organization estimates 460,000 jobs are supported by the recycling industry in the U.S., and that the industry contributes $90 billion in annual economic benefit.
The organization also tracks jobs created by export of scrap material to overseas markets, where scrap plastics, paper and metal are refined and processed before re-entering the manufacturing stream. According to a study conducted by John Dunham and Associates for ISRI, U.S. scrap exports directly and indirectly support some 162,000 U.S. jobs while having generated $30 billion in export sales in 2010, helping the U.S. balance of trade.
Reports available from the organization include:
Economic Impact of U.S. Scrap Recycling Industry - July 2011 
Inside the U.S. Electronics Recycling Industry - October 2011
Economic Impacts and Environmental Benefits of Plastics Recycling - December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20113784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113784" title="The Washington Post Writers Group">
The Washington Post Writers Group

"The Washington Post" Writers Group (WPWG) is a press syndication service composed of opinion journalists, editorial cartoonists, comic strips and columnists. The service is operated by the "Washington Post".
Current arrangements.
With Bloomberg News, WPWG combines content to newspapers, magazines, and other subscribers globally. The Post offers national and international political news and analysis; Bloomberg offers financial and economic news. It also offers daily report of up to 150 stories plus photos and graphics.
History.
The Washington Post Writers Group formed in 1973.
Writers.
Writers syndicated by the group include Eugene Robinson, Charles Krauthammer, Kathleen Parker, E. J. Dionne, George Will and Ruth Marcus.

</doc>
<doc id="20113810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113810" title="List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1958">
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1958

List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20113827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113827" title="Dossia">
Dossia

Dossia is a Personal health record service offered by some of the largest employers in the United States. Along with Microsoft's HealthVault and Google's Google Health, Dossia is one of the largest PHR deployments in the world
Unlike the other two large PHR efforts, Dossia is based on open source software. Dossia released their API in summer of 2009.
Dossia differs from traditional tethered PHR services, by providing user access to health information regardless of health plan, employer or physician. Users also have the ability to download their full record, in electronic form, at any time.
It is an initiative formed from the following companies: 
Dossia is formed by some of the largest employers in the United States with the intention of offering a PHR to its employees. Given the number of employees of these combined institutions, Dossia could be one of the largest PHR systems in the world.
Dossia’s History.
In 2006, a group of Fortune 500 employers, including Applied Materials, BP America, Inc, Intel Corporation, Pitney Bowes Inc., Wal-Mart, Cardinal Health, AT&T, and sanofi-aventis, formed an alliance called the Dossia Consortium. Later, in April 2009, Dossia announced that Abraxis BioScience also joined the Dossia Founders Group. The Consortium’s goal was to empower their employees to make smarter, more informed decisions about their healthcare by offering them Personally Controlled Health Records (PCHR) . The Consortium funded the development of a web-based framework through which Consortium employees, dependents, and retirees can maintain private, personal, and portable PCHRs.
In 2008, the Dossia Consortium Board of Directors decided to create two additional organizations within the Dossia umbrella. These included the Dossia Foundation and the Dossia Service Corporation. The Dossia Foundation aims at advancing knowledge and progress in the healthcare space through a variety research, strategy, and advocacy initiatives pertaining to Personally Controlled Health Records (PCHRs). The Dossia Service Corporation is responsible for delivering the PCHR infrastructure and service to subscribing employers and customers. 
Also during 2008, Dossia established an agreement to work with Children’s Hospital Boston to provide strategic and technological expertise and guidance in creating, deploying and operating the electronic health record infrastructure. 
In fall of 2008, WalMart was the first Dossia Consortium member to roll out the PCHRs to their 1.4 million employees plus their dependents. Following WalMart’s roll out, Dossia continued to roll out its PCHRs to the other Dossia Consortium members including Vanguard, Intel, Pitney Bowes, AT&T and BP America.
Dossia’s PHP(Personal Health Platform).
The Dossia system enables individuals to gather copies of their own medical data (in digital form) from multiple sources and to create and utilize their own personal, private and portable electronic health records. Initially, the data will come primarily from insurers’ databases and the patient’s own annotations. As the system develops, additional information will come directly from the patient’s medical chart and various other sources. The information the system provides will empower individuals to manage their own healthcare, improve communications with their doctors, and ensure more complete and accurate information for healthcare providers than the current fragmented, paper-based system.
Dossia Board Members.
Dossia’s board is composed of industry leaders from a variety of Fortune 500 companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20113829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113829" title="Sinbad (1891 musical)">
Sinbad (1891 musical)

"Sinbad or The Maid of Balsora" is a musical with music composed by W. H. Batchelor and a book and lyrics by Harry B. Smith. 
The original production opened on June 11, 1891 in Chicago and starred Eddie Foy. It was produced by David Henderson, whose company was then known as the American Extravaganza Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20113830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113830" title="Wild America">
Wild America

Wild America may represent:

</doc>
<doc id="20113834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113834" title="Royal Coachman">
Royal Coachman

The Royal Coachman is an Artificial fly that has been tied as a wet fly, dry fly and streamer pattern. Today, the Royal Coachman and its variations are tied mostly as dry flies and fished floating on the water surface. It is a popular and widely used pattern for freshwater game fish, particularly trout and grayling. Large streamer versions are also used for winter steelhead and Atlantic Salmon.
In "Royal Coachman—The Lore and Legends of Fly-Fishing" (1999) Paul Schullery describes the Royal Coachman:
Origin.
The Royal Coachman was first tied as a traditional winged wet fly and is a derivative of the Coachman wet fly. Mary Orvis Marbury in her "Favorite Flies and Their Histories" (1892) tells the story of its creation as follows:
The Royal Coachman was first made in 1878 by John Haily, a professional fly-dresser living in New York City. In writing of other matters, he inclosed ""
a sample of this fly for us to see, saying: "A gentleman wanted me to tie
some Coachmen for him to take up into the north woods, and to make them extra
strong, so I have tied them with a little band of silk in the middle, to prevent the peacock bodies from fraying out. I have also added a tail of the barred feathers of the wood-duck, and I think it makes a very handsome fly." A few evenings later, a circle of us were together "disputing the fly question," one of the party claiming that numbers were "quite as suitable to designate the flies as so many nonsensical names." The others did not agree with him, but he said: "What can you do? Here is a fly intended to be a Coachman, yet it is not the true Coachman; it is quite unlike it, and what can you call it?" Mr. L. C. Orvis, brother of Mr. Charles Orvis, who was present, said: "Oh, that is easy enough; call it the Royal Coachman, it is so finely dressed!" And this name in time came to be known and used by all who are familiar with the fly.
The Royal Coachman pattern is one of the very few patterns that appeared in Marbury's work that is still being tied and fished today in some form or another.
Imitates.
The Royal Coachman and its derivatives are considered attractor patterns, or as Dave Hughes in "Trout Flies-The Tier's Reference" (1999) calls them—searching patterns—as they do not resemble any specific insect or baitfish. Early in the 20th century, Theodore Gordon once was of the opinion that the Royal Coachman resembled some form of flying ant, while in the 1950s, Preston Jennings, a noted fly tier and angler thought the Royal Coachman resembled "Isonychia" mayflies.
Materials.
The distinguishing features of any Royal Coachman or its derivatives are the peacock herl body partitioned with red silk or floss, a white wing and brown or red-brown hackle. Depending on whether the fly is tied as a dry fly, wet fly or streamer the white wing can be made with white duck quill, bucktail, calf tail, hen neck, hackle points or other white material. Tailing has varied over the years from the original Wood duck flank to include Golden Pheasant tippet, brown or red hackle, moose, elk and deer hair.
Variations and Sizes.
There are many variations on the original Royal Coachman. Typically dry fly variations are tied on hook sizes 10-16, wet fly versions on hook sizes 8-14 and streamer versions on hook sizes 1 to 8. Commonly named variations include:

</doc>
<doc id="20113835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113835" title="Osama Hussain">
Osama Hussain

Osama Hussain (), is a Kuwaiti football Right-back, centre-back. Osama finished his career at Al Arabi. He retired in 30/5/2002 in (Kuwait×Iran) Match which was finished (1-3) for Iran.
Al Arabi.
He Joined Al Arabi in 1984, first he played in Al Arabi U14. After that when he grow up and reach 16 years he was able to play for Al Arabi first team. He played his first match against Al Kuwait when he was 16, and he scored hi first goal against Al Salmiya in 1987.
National team.
In 1990 Luiz Felipe Scolari choose him to Kuwait national football team when he was 20. he played in The Gulf Cup, AFC Asian Cup,Olympic Games and the Asian Games. He played 95 matches with Kuwait. He retired in 30/5/2002 against Iran national football team in a match which was finished (1-3) for Iran.
He competed for Kuwait at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20113851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113851" title="Indoor athletics at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Indoor athletics at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Indoor athletics at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau East Asian Games Dome, Macau, China from 30 October to 1 November 2007.
Results.
Men.
60 m.
October 30
400 m.
Round 1.
October 30
Semifinals.
October 31
Final.
October 31
800 m.
Round 1.
October 31
Final.
November 1
1500 m.
Round 1.
October 30
Final.
October 31
3000 m.
November 1
60 m hurdles.
Round 1.
October 31
Final.
November 1
4×400 m relay.
Round 1.
October 31
Final.
November 1
High jump.
Qualifying.
October 30
Final.
November 1
Pole vault.
October 30
Long jump.
October 31
Triple jump.
November 1
Shot put.
November 1
Heptathlon.
October 31 – November 1
Women.
60 m.
October 30
400 m.
Round 1.
October 30
Final.
October 31
800 m.
Round 1.
October 31
Final.
November 1
1500 m.
October 31
3000 m.
November 1
60 m hurdles.
October 30
4×400 m relay.
November 1
High jump.
October 31
Pole vault.
October 31
Long jump.
November 1
Triple jump.
October 30
Shot put.
October 31
Pentathlon.
October 30

</doc>
<doc id="20113855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113855" title="HMS Hinchinbrook">
HMS Hinchinbrook

Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Hinchinbrook".

</doc>
<doc id="20113870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113870" title="Xhafzotaj">
Xhafzotaj

Xhafzotaj is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20113885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113885" title="Peter Shire">
Peter Shire

Peter Shire (born 1947) is a Los Angeles artist. Shire was born in the Echo Park district of Los Angeles, where he currently lives and works. His sculpture, furniture and ceramics have been exhibited in the United States, Italy, France, Japan and Poland; Shire has been associated with the Memphis Group of designers, has worked on the Design Team for the XXIII Olympiad with the American Institute of Architects, and has designed public sculptures in Los Angeles and other California cities. Shire has been honored by awards for his contribution to the cultural life of the City of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20113899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113899" title="Urogenital tuberculosis">
Urogenital tuberculosis

Urogenital tuberculosis is a form of tuberculosis that affects the urogenital system. 
Epidemiology.
It usually strikes young adults with tuberculosis in other places of the body as well. It is common in Asia, but less common in sub-Saharan Africa.
Symptoms.
However, the infection arises insidiously, going long time without symptoms.
Pathogenesis.
The infection may affect the kidneys, ureter and bladder and may cause significant damage to each.
Complications.
Urogenital tuberculosis may cause strictures of the ureter, which, however, may heal when infection is treated.

</doc>
<doc id="20113900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113900" title="Haslar Immigration Removal Centre">
Haslar Immigration Removal Centre

Haslar Immigration Removal Centre (formerly known as Haslar Prison) is an immigration detention centre, located in Haslar (near Gosport), Hampshire, England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The establishment was previously known as Haslar prison, housing adult male offenders. However, from 1989 Haslar started exclusively holding foreign national prisoners.
In February 2002 Haslar was redesignated as a Removal Centre, and began operating under Detention Centre rules.
The centre today.
Haslar holds those detained by the UK Border Agency during documentation procedures and during the process of removal or deportation. Only detainees awaiting deportation or appealing against their immigration status are held at Haslar. The vast majority of the population are ex-foreign national prisoners who have either completed their sentence, or have had their sentence “cut short” to speed up the deportation process.
The centre's living accommodation is divided between six dormitories (sized from 10 beds to 37 beds) which are divided into open cubicles of 1, 2, 3 or 4 beds. Detainees have free movement and association within the centre at any time, giving them the ability to organise their own days.
The CNA (Certified Normal Accommodation) is due to rise from the current 160 to 199 early next year. D dormitory that used to be the largest dormitory having 37 beds, has increased the population following the installation of bunk beds.
Courses offered by Haslar's Education Department (managed by Highbury College) to detainees include ESOL, Food Hygiene, Health and Safety, Business Skills and Information Technology. The centre also has a library, gym, and multi-faith chaplaincy.
The detainees also have a flat screen TV and DVD player in every room and play bingo on Saturday and Sunday evenings enabling them to win up to £4.50 each game.

</doc>
<doc id="20113912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113912" title="Scandalo">
Scandalo

Scandalo is Gianna Nannini's ninth studio album, and eleventh album overall. It was released in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20113921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113921" title="William McPherson (writer)">
William McPherson (writer)

William McPherson (born March 16, 1933) is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of two novels, "Testing the Current" and "To the Sargasso Sea", and many articles, essays, and book reviews. McPherson was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Distinguished Criticism in 1977.
Life.
William Alexander McPherson was born in Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan, the third son of Harold Agnew McPherson, an executive of Union Carbide Corporation, and of his wife Ruth Brubaker. He has lived in Washington, DC, or New York City most of his life, and spent several years in Romania. Although he attended the University of Michigan (1951 to1955), Michigan State University (1956 to 1958), and George Washington University (1960 to 1962), he took a degree from none of them. In 1959, he married Elizabeth Mosher, with whom he had a daughter, Jane, in 1963. In 1979, McPherson and Mosher divorced.
Career.
In 1958, McPherson began his professional career as a copy boy for the Washington Post, becoming a staff writer a few months later. He remained at the Post until 1966, when he became a senior editor at William Morrow & Company in New York. Three years later, at the behest of Ben Bradlee, executive editor of the Washington Post, McPherson returned to the Post, first as daily book editor and then, when the Sunday Book World came under the sole ownership of the Washington Post, as Book World's first editor, a post he held from 1972-1978. He later moved to the editorial page where he wrote a weekly op-ed column, selected the letters to the editor, and was a member of the editorial board. Before and after leaving the Post in 1987, he worked as a freelance writer and journalist, taught writing and criticism at American University in Washington, DC, and lectured at various colleges and universities in the United States and abroad, including Columbia University, the University of Oklahoma, and the Radcliffe Publishing Course.
McPherson's first novel, "Testing the Current", was published in 1984 to wide acclaim. Russell Banks wrote in the New York Times Book Review, "William McPherson's first novel is an extraordinarily intelligent, powerful and, I believe, permanent contribution to the literature of family, childhood and memory." The New York Times named "Testing the Current" one of 1984's "Notable Books of the Year." McPherson's second novel, "To the Sargasso Sea," explores the adult life of the first novel's child protagonist. In the fall of 2012, New York Review Books Classics will republish "Testing the Current". 
McPherson moved to Romania shortly after the execution of communist dictator Nicolae Ceauşescu and spent most of the next seven years exploring and writing about Romania for "Granta", the "Wilson Quarterly", the "Washington Post", and "Slate". McPherson has also contributed to "The New Republic", "The Nation", "The New Yorker", the "International Herald Tribune", and "Life", among other periodicals.
He now lives in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="20113933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113933" title="Reunited with Jimmy Webb 1974–1988">
Reunited with Jimmy Webb 1974–1988

Reunited with Jimmy Webb 1974–1988 is a compilation album of Glen Campbell recordings of Jimmy Webb songs, released in 1999 by Raven Records. The album contains the complete album "" (1974) and the Webb compositions from "Bloodline" (1976), "Southern Nights" (1977), "Highwayman" (1979), "It's The World Gone Crazy" (1981), "Still Within the Sound of My Voice" (1987), and "Light Years" (1988).
Track listing.
All songs written by Jimmy Webb, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20113945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113945" title="Patrick MacAdam">
Patrick MacAdam

Patrick "Pat" MacAdam is a Canadian writer born in Glace Bay, Nova Scotia.
Early and political life.
MacAdam attended St. Francis Xavier University, in Antigonish, Nova Scotia from 1952 until 1956. He served as the editor-in chief of the student newspaper The Xaverian Weekly in 1955, the same year he met longtime friend Brian Mulroney when Mulroney was a freshman and MacAdam was a senior.
MacAdam would serve as a political advisor to Mulroney during his term as Prime Minister of Canada, taking a job at the High Commission of Canada in London. After Mulroney's term ended in 1993, MacAdam was accused of tax evasion, and eventually convicted in 1997.
Writing.
In addition to a weekly column in the Ottawa Sun, MacAdam has written several books:

</doc>
<doc id="20113952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113952" title="Talloires Declaration on the Civic Roles and Social Responsibilities of Higher Education">
Talloires Declaration on the Civic Roles and Social Responsibilities of Higher Education

The Talloires Declaration on the Civic Roles and Social Responsibilities of Higher Education is a document which commits its university signatories to expanding and strengthening their civic engagement and social responsibility work through teaching, learning, research, and service.
History of the Talloires Declaration.
In September 2005, President Lawrence Bacow of Tufts University convened the Talloires Conference 2005, at Tufts University's European Center in Talloires, France. This conference was the first international gathering of the heads of universities devoted to strengthening the civic roles and social responsibilities of higher education. The meeting brought together 29 university presidents, rectors, and vice chancellors from 23 countries.
The conference gave rise to the Talloires Declaration on the Civic Roles and Social Responsibilities of Higher Education. All signatories of the Declaration have committed their institutions to educating for social responsibility and civic engagement, and to strengthening the application of university resources to the needs of local and global communities. As of July 2012, 247 colleges and universities have signed the Declaration. By signing the Declaration, these institutions have joined the Talloires Network, an association of institutions committed to promoting the civic roles and social responsibilities of higher education.
Text of the Talloires Declaration on the Civic Roles and Social Responsibilities of Higher Education.
In this century of change, we note with optimism that access to university education is increasing, that one-half of the students enrolled in institutions of higher education live in developing nations, and that the number of university students worldwide is expected to double between 2000 and 2025. The potential for social participation by students young and old, now and in the years to come, is massive. The extent to which this potential can be realized will depend on universities worldwide mobilizing students, faculty, staff and citizens in programs of mutual benefit. 
We are dedicated to strengthening the civic role and social responsibility of our institutions. We pledge to promote shared and universal human values, and the engagement by our institutions within our communities and with our global neighbors. We urge the one hundred million university students, and the many millions of faculty, staff, alumni and members of governing bodies throughout the world to join us in these initiatives.
We believe that higher education institutions exist to serve and strengthen the society of which they are part. Through the learning, values and commitment of faculty, staff and students, our institutions create social capital, preparing students to contribute positively to local, national and global communities. Universities have the responsibility to foster in faculty, staff and students a sense of social responsibility and a commitment to the social good, which, we believe, is central to the success of a democratic and just society.
Some of our universities and colleges are older than the nations in which they are located; others are young and emerging; but all bear a special obligation to contribute to the public good, through educating students, expanding access to education, and the creation and timely application of new knowledge. Our institutions recognize that we do not exist in isolation from society, nor from the communities in which we are located. Instead, we carry a unique obligation to listen, understand and contribute to social transformation and development. Higher education must extend itself for the good of society to embrace communities near and far. In doing so, we will promote our core missions of teaching, research and service.
The university should use the processes of education and research to respond to, serve and strengthen its communities for local and global citizenship. The university has a responsibility to participate actively in the democratic process and to empower those who are less privileged. Our institutions must strive to build a culture of reflection and action by faculty, staff and students that infuses all learning and inquiry.
Therefore, we agree to:
We commit ourselves to the civic engagement of our institutions and to that end we establish the Talloires Network, with an open electronic space for the exchange of ideas and understandings and for fostering collective action.
We invite others to join in this Declaration and to collaborate in our civic work.
External links.
Talloires Network website: [http://www.tufts.edu/talloiresnetwork/?pid=35&c=37]

</doc>
<doc id="20113966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113966" title="Nardi Contreras">
Nardi Contreras

Arnaldo Juan Contreras is a former professional baseball pitcher and coach. His brief time in Major League Baseball, as well as the majority of his time as a coach, came with the Chicago White Sox. He currently serves as minor league pitching coordinator for the New York Yankees.
Playing career.
With the Reds.
Contreras was drafted at the age of 17, selected in the 12th round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft by the Cincinnati Reds. He began his career as a starting pitcher, pitching in the Reds' organization for four seasons, never rising above Class A ball.
With the Mets.
Following the 1972 season, Contreras was drafted from the Reds by the New York Mets. The Mets moved him steadily up the minor league ladder over the next three seasons, and Contreras reached Triple-A with the Tidewater Tides in 1975. That season, his first full season as a relief pitcher, he posted an impressive 1.95 ERA in 60 innings. Still, the Mets released him during spring training in 1976.
With the Phillies.
Ten days after his release by the Mets, Contreras signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies. He split the next two seasons between the Phillies' Double-A affiliate in Reading and their Triple-A club in Oklahoma City. In 1977, Contreras was moved back into Reading's starting rotation for part of the season, going 6-5 with a 3.23 ERA. Once again, however, Contreras was released during spring training in 1979.
With the White Sox.
Contreras signed with the White Sox in May, and was assigned to the Triple-A Iowa Oaks. Once more used mostly as a starter, his numbers were not as impressive in 1979. Although he won more than he lost at 7-6, his ERA shot up to 5.97. He returned to Iowa in 1980, this time posting better numbers (9-7, 4.19 ERA in 20 games, all as a starter), and got his first, and what would prove to be his only, shot at the major leagues.
Although he had been a starter in the minors in 1980, the White Sox used Contreras exclusively as a reliever during his two brief stints in the majors. He appeared in a total of eight games, with no wins or losses and a 5.93 ERA. Contreras was generally used as a mopup man, and the White Sox lost each of the eight games in which Contreras appeared.
Post-major leagues.
Contreras returned to the minors for the White Sox, pitching sparingly over the next two seasons for their new Triple-A affiliate, the Edmonton Trappers. Contreras appeared in 11 games in 1981 and just one in 1982. Contreras was out of organized ball for the next several years. He resurfaced in 1989, pitching briefly for the St. Petersburg Pelicans of the short-lived Senior Professional Baseball Association.
Coaching.
Following his playing career, Contreras served as a coach in several major league organizations, including a few at the major league level. He was the pitching coach for the New York Yankees in 1995, the Seattle Mariners in 1997-98, and then with the team that gave him his shot at the majors, the White Sox, from 1998 until 2002. In 2005, he returned to the Yankees organization, where he currently serves as their minor league pitching coordinator. He gained recognition for developing pitch count guidelines—styled "Joba rules"—for Joba Chamberlain.

</doc>
<doc id="20113970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113970" title="List of tallest buildings in South America">
List of tallest buildings in South America

This list of the tallest buildings in South America ranks skyscrapers in order by height. South America has historically seen a relatively modest demand for skyscrapers. Most of the continent's high-rises are in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay, and Venezuela, and the tallest buildings are located in Santiago, São Paulo, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Montevideo, Rio de Janeiro,Valencia and Bogotá, all of which are the biggest financial centers of these countries.
Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela are the countries with the largest number of skyscrapers. Caracas is the South American city with largest number of Skyscrapers, historically Caracas has the tallest skyscraper since 1979, until 2012 was surpassed by the Gran Torre Santiago.
The majority of the continent's tallest buildings are residential. Office buildings have not historically been built taller than residential buildings in the region, though this scenario may well change in the next decades, as South America has been experiencing substantial economic growth.
Ranking criteria and buildings.
The first skyscrapers of at least height in South America were built in the 1920s, and included the Martinelli Building in São Paulo,
Palacio Barolo in Buenos Aires, and the Palacio Salvo in Montevideo.
Lists of high buildings are maintained by the nongovernmental US organization Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat. These lists, first defined and compiled in 1996, rank buildings in four categories: height of structural or architectural top; height of highest occupied floor; height to the top of roof; height to top of any part of the building. The Gran Torre Santiago, scheduled for completion in 2012, succeeded the two Parque Central Torres, in Caracas, as the tallest building in the continent; the latter had held the record since 1979 and 1984, respectively.
Many of the tallest buildings in South America are located in central business districts that emerged as early as the 19th century, or in office parks developed during the second half of the 20th century. Some of the most notable include Santa Fe (Bogotá); Catalinas Norte and the Buenos Aires Central Business District; Parque Central Complex (Caracas); along Avenida Rio Branco (Rio de Janeiro); the Nações Unidas Complex and the Central Zone of São Paulo; and Sanhattan and the Costanera Center (Santiago).

</doc>
<doc id="20113971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113971" title="Cisco Security Monitoring, Analysis, and Response System">
Cisco Security Monitoring, Analysis, and Response System

Cisco Security Monitoring, Analysis, and Response System (MARS) was a security monitoring tool for network devices. Together with the Cisco Security Manager (CSM) product, MARS made up the two primary components of the Cisco Security Management Suite.
MARS was an appliance-based solution that provided insight and control of existing security deployments. It could monitor security events and information from a wide variety of sources, including third-party devices and hosts. The correlation engine in MARS could identify anomalous behavior and security threats and could use large amounts of information collected for forensics analysis and compliance reporting.
Supported Types.
MARS centrally aggregates logs and events from a wide range of popular devices:

</doc>
<doc id="20113976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113976" title="Chin Chin (disambiguation)">
Chin Chin (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="20113982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113982" title="Road racing (disambiguation)">
Road racing (disambiguation)

Road racing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20113998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113998" title="Armed forces (disambiguation)">
Armed forces (disambiguation)

Armed forces may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20113999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20113999" title="Alphas">
Alphas

Alphas is an American science fiction dramatic television series created by Zak Penn and Michael Karnow. It follows a group of people with superhuman abilities, known as "Alphas", as they work to prevent crimes committed by other Alphas.
The series was broadcast in the United States on the cable channel Syfy and was a co-production between BermanBraun and Universal Cable Productions. It premiered on July 11, 2011. After initial reports that the show was canceled, on September 7, 2011, "Alphas" was renewed for a 13-episode second season, which premiered on Monday, July 23, 2012, at 10 pm ET. On January 16, 2013, Syfy announced that the program would not be returning for a third season, ending the series with an unresolved cliffhanger.
Series overview.
The series follows five people, known as "Alphas", led by noted neurologist and psychiatrist Dr. Lee Rosen (David Strathairn), as they investigate criminal cases involving other suspected Alphas.
Rosen and his team operate under the auspices of the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, the criminal investigative arm of the U.S. Department of Defense. While investigating these crimes, it does not take the team too long to discover that a group known as "Red Flag", which was thought defeated and eliminated long ago, is using other Alphas to commit crimes.
Development and production.
Originally known as "Section 8", "Alphas" was initially developed by Zak Penn and co-creator Michael Karnow in 2006. The series was then shopped around to various networks, with some interest from both NBC and ABC. In late 2007 ABC picked up the series with an initial six episode order. However, complications arising from the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike derailed the project. On August 5, 2009, after almost two further years of shopping the show around to the broadcast and cable networks, Syfy placed a pilot order. Zak Penn and Michael Karnow wrote the pilot, Jack Bender was attached to the project as the director, with Gail Berman and Lloyd Braun serving as executive producers.
Casting began in August 2010 and filming of the pilot episode took place in Toronto, Canada.
Alphas was ordered to series on December 8, 2010, by Syfy to air in the summer of 2011. The series is a co-production between BermanBraun and Universal Cable Productions. Along with the series pickup, Syfy also announced that veteran Sci-Fi producer Ira Steven Behr had been picked to serve as executive producer and showrunner.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Alphas" has received mixed reviews. It earned a score of 63 on Metacritic. The "New York Post" said of the first episode: ""Alphas" is fun, sure, but it has a 'been there, done that' feel."
TV Fanatic gave the show an average review saying, "Everything Alphas brought to the table has been done before."
"The New York Times" gave the show a negative review: "It's neither here nor there: low on sci-fi mystery and intrigue and not yet convincing as ensemble drama. Right now it feels like the beta version."
"Variety" gave a positive review: "At first blush, though, give "Alphas" high marks for effort and ingenuity, demonstrating a TV show needn't provide major pyrotechnics or a reinvented wheel to lay the groundwork for solid summer entertainment where the characters, somewhat refreshingly, are only sort-of super."
The "Los Angeles Times" gave the pilot a positive review: "Alphas deftly balances all the building blocks of great genrenonhuman abilities, twisty plot, cool special effects, smart dialogue and characters you want to spend more time with. And that's the most impressive superpower of all."
After eight episodes had aired, Maureen Ryan of "AOL TV" called it the summer's most promising new drama: "Not only has "Alphas" successfully avoided many of the pitfalls that have bedeviled other superhero-flavored projects, it's done a good job of balancing character-driven moments with taut, well-paced storytelling."
Ratings.
The pilot episode premiered with 2.5 million total viewers, scoring 1.2 million viewers in the 18–49 demographic and 1.3 million in the 25–54 demographic, making it Syfy's most watched debut in two years. Live + 7 day ratings for the series premiere updated those numbers to 3.6 million total viewers, scoring 1.7 million viewers in the 18–49 demographic and 1.8 million in the 25–54 demographic. By the 11th episode (its season finale) however, the ratings had dropped to 1.16 million total viewers.
In the UK the show was broadcast on Tuesdays. The first episode had 666,000 viewers altogether, 595,000 live and 71,000 on timeshift. When the second episode aired, the viewer count dipped to 469,000 together, live and on timeshift. Despite the fall in viewers on a Tuesday showing, the show has become popular in the UK with Friday repeats rounding up around 150,000 viewers.
U.S. ratings
United Kingdom ratings
Pop culture reference.
In episode 21 of season six of "The Big Bang Theory", the non-resolved cliff-hanger ending of "Alphas" caused character Sheldon Cooper distress about not having 'closure', as a lead-in to one of that show's plot lines.

</doc>
<doc id="20114003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114003" title="John Finklea">
John Finklea

John F. (Jack) Finklea was a physician, professor, researcher, and public health administrator notable for his leadership at the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health.
Background.
John Finklea, a native of Florence, South Carolina, earned his B.S. from Davidson College at Davidson, N.C., and his M.D. from the Medical University of South Carolina. He also received master's and doctorate degrees in public health from the University of Michigan. Finklea began his medical career as a physician and a professor at a series of medical schools. His interest in public health took root as he researched air pollution health hazards for the Federal government.
EPA.
From 1970 through 1974, Finklea served as head to the Environmental Protection Agency's National Environmental Research Laboratory in Durham, N.C. At the EPA, Finklea gained a reputation as an agitator (according to Business Week) for controversial research on the health effects of atmospheric sulfates from power plants. The research connected sulfur dioxide emissions to acid rain, a conclusion that rankled many in the power industry. He opposed the use of catalytic converters to control auto emissions because of their adverse environmental impact, a stand that directly conflicted with EPA policy. These controversies put pressure on Finklea to resign, which he did at the end of 1974.
NIOSH.
Appointment as director.
Finklea took over as director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health in April, 1975. He replaced Dr. Marcus M. Key, the Institute’s first director. Following Key's resignation, deputy director Edward Baier had served as acting director and many within the Institute expected Baier to be appointed to the post. Finklea took over NIOSH in the midst of Congressional complaints that NIOSH was too soft on industry, industry claims that NIOSH's research was sloppy, and organized labor accusations that NIOSH was overly slow in sharing important health data.
Finklea worked to accelerate health hazard research, especially in the chemical industry. Over Finklea's tenure, NIOSH identified 65 potentially dangerous substances found at job sites, as compared to the 23 such warnings issued during the first four years of NIOSH's existence. Within months of his appointment, Finklea had NIOSH issuing a steady stream of alerts on toxic substances.
Chemical identification.
Under Finklea's leadership, NIOSH issued a register of 100 chemical compounds considered potential carcinogens. He encouraged cooperation between NIOSH, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), chemical process companies in the effort. His was one of several voices working to increase awareness for birth defects, miscarriages, and other reproduction-related problems stemming from chemical and radiological exposure. Additionally, Finklea called on Congress to adopt toxic substances legislation related to carcinogenic pesticides, and Kepone in particular.
Resource constraints.
Finklea suggested that NIOSH did not have the resources to fully execute its mandate. For the millions of workers who Finklea claimed were at risk, NIOSH "would require the combined efforts of all government agencies involved in evaluating or regulating substances to which workers are exposed." He was forced to drop a number of projects because of budget and workforce constraints, among them a study of workplace stress.
With NIOSH's limited resources, Finklea chose to direct the researchers under him toward the completion of criteria documents—scientific literature surveys that determine the relative dangers of workplace substances. Preparation of the documents accounted for over 40% of NIOSH's budget.
Departure.
After nearly three years as its director, John Finklea abrubtly resigned. He did not publicly announce the departure or offer any specific reason. "The Washington Post" speculated that Finklea had been under pressure to resign because of what it called, "bureaucratic feuding". Finklea served temporarily as a special assistant to William Foege, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. His spot as direct was filled by J. Donald Millar, who described NIOSH at that time as being afflicted with "alienation and conflict".
University of Alabama.
Finklea returned to academia at the University of Alabama as a professor of medicine at the medical school and as a professor of environmental sciences at the school of public health. He researched, among other things, the effects of welding gases and fumes. He was instrumental in establishing the University of Alabama Occupational Health Clinic. He retired from in 2000.
CDC.
In 1989, Finklea became assistant director of the Injury Control Program at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, Georgia, and he chaired its research review committee.
Heart trouble.
In 1979, Finklea survived a coronary occlusion and bypass surgery. He had a second coronary occlusion and repeated bypass surgery in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20114016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114016" title="Betas">
Betas

Betas is a television series released in 2013 on Amazon Instant Video. The show stars Joe Dinicol and Karan Soni as "dating app" developers in California who are looking for an investor. 
Amazon offered the first three episodes of Betas for free on November 22, with each subsequent episode released weekly thereafter for Prime members. The app featured in the show, BRB, was inspired by an actual Silicon Valley start-up named Nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20114026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114026" title="Teja (film director)">
Teja (film director)

Teja is a popular Indian film cinematographer turned director, predominant in Telugu and Hindi cinema. He made a slam bang entry into Tollywood with a string of blockbusters, including "Chitram", "Nuvvu Nenu", "Jayam" and "Nijam". After working in Bollywood from 1984 to 2000, he made his directorial debut in Telugu cinema with "Chitram".
He introduced over five hundred actors, technicians including Nitin, Kajal Agarwal, Navdeep and Sunil. He has garnered many awards, notably- Andhra Pradesh State Nandi Award for Best Cinematographer and Filmfare Award for Best Cinematographer – South, Nandi Award for Best Director and Filmfare Award for Best Director – Telugu for "Nuvvu Nenu".
He is not only famous for his film work, but also infamous for his short-temper and eccentricity. He is known to often use unconventional ways to obtain satisfactory performances from actors on sets.
Teja in an ABN-interview named various persons responsible for his younger son's death, he also further stated that he had done all sorts of odd jobs for survival, including illegal frying and sale of marijuana.
Life and career.
Childhood.
Teja was born in Madras, Tamil Nadu, India. His father, Jasti Balaram Krishna, was a Japan based businessman. His family was one of the richest in Tamil Nadu. Teja only at a very young age was involved in his family export business, majorly in hair export from Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh to Narita, Japan., Having lost both his parents at a young age, he was forced to live with his relatives. His paternal uncle, Jasti Madhav Rao, dismantled/destroyed their family business and tortured Teja and his two sisters. Unable to bear his uncle and aunt's harassment, Teja ran away from home. He slept on pavements. He did all sorts of odd jobs for survival, such as truck and car wash, rickshaw pulling, illegal frying and sale of marijuana.
Teja joked that he used to work for All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) party in Chennai, and used to black mark any Hindi text found anywhere, either on billboards, posters or on walls, and later it was the Hindi film industry that became his bread and butter. Teja in many interviews recollected many traumatic events in his childhood, including being chased by gay police men, his sister Vinny being left at an orphanage by their uncle, him sleeping in rains on pavements, etc.
Early work: 1980 to 1991.
Teja worked in Tamil film shoots as a spot boy, who ran all types of errands. With his hard work he was able to slowly work his way up. After working in lighting and sound departments he moved into the camera department and worked under Ravikant Nagaich, and W.B. Rao. He then took up assignments for documentaries presented in National Geographic Channel. Teja started growing popular among film personalities, after shoots and during breaks he used to tell his gang of friends short stories and movie ideas, one of whom was Ram Gopal Varma, Ramu impressed with Teja's ideology, took Teja along with him to work on his directorial debut "Shiva". Teja was the first assistant director for the film, he also designed posters and handled the publicity. He also played a pivotal role in the filming of the major action sequences of the film, those including the extremely famous cycle chain scene and others. He designed new types of posters, those including silhouettes and also changed the colour in which film titles were written. He later collaborated with Ram Gopal Varma on "Kshana Kshanam", "Rangeela", "Raat", "Raatri", "Drohi", "Antham", "Gaayam", "Money", "Govinda Govinda", "Rangeela" and others.
Cinematography: 1992 to 1999.
Teja debuted as cinematographer in 1992 with "Raat", for which he won Nandi Award for best cinematography. He worked as cinematographer for many of Ram Gopal Varma's films. He later stopped working in the south and moved to Bomaby. Aamir Khan, impressed seeing Teja's work gave him his next big break and employed him as the cinematographer for Baazi. After which he went on to do films such as "Teerpu", "The Don", "Jis Desh Mein Ganga Rehta Hain", "Krodh", "Krishna", "Shsahtra", "Rakshak", "Tere Mere Sapne", "Vishwavidhaata".
He garnered twenty six Awards for best cinematography. Teja became extremely popular in Bollywood, when he shot night scene in Sydney airport with only two torch lights. He is said to have ghost directed one film in Hindi before making his directorial debut.
Directorial debut: 2000.
From 2000 to 2013, barring few films which managed to garner high profit margins, small budget films have had a poor run at the box office. Most filmmakers who make films on low budgets dream of repeating the success story of one of the first low-budget films which got a profit margin to the scale of 20:1 i.e. for every one rupee spent on the film, the producers grossed a return of rupees twenty. Almost unimaginable. The film which accomplished this feat was Chitram. It also marked the debut of Uday Kiran and Reema Sen.
Working as cinematographer, Teja used to frequently schedule Hindi film shoots in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh as to spend more time with his wife and son. Many schedules were planned in Ramoji Film City. As Teja was shooting in Film city, an elderly man came up to him and thanked him for all the business he was giving them, Teja not paying much attention continued shooting. Later realizing that, that elderly man was Ramoji Rao, he went up to his office to apologize. In conversation with Mr. Rao, he said it was possible to shoot an entire film completely in Film City with a very small budget of thirty to forty lakhs. This materialized into Chitram. Chitram initially released only in eleven theaters, but after the great talk it garnered, overnight they were printing hundreds of reels in Usha Kiran production offices. The film, Chitram, became a huge hit and revolutionized Telugu cinema. Chitram paved way for a variety of new age romantic/love films in Tollywood. It starred Udhay Kiran and Reema sen, both of whom became superstars in early 2000s. All the actors and crew members who worked on this film were only paid an amount of eleven thousand rupees, but after the film's huge success the cast and crew were gifted gold chains by Mr.Rao.
The movie's plot (two students end up having a baby and later get married…and it all happens while they are still in high school), was then considered very futuristic, seven years later a Hollywood flick Juno, was made with a similar story line. Critics praised Chitram and said Teja was a director ahead of his time.
After this, there was no turning back, Teja's next venture was Family circus, Starring Jagapathi babu, Rajendra Prasad, high comedy-drama. It had an average reception, but was given 4 star rating by Deccan Chronicle, a popular English daily. Although Family circus had an average run at the box office, it was huge success on cable TV and other home viewing networks.
Rise to prominence: 2000 to 2002.
Teja Directed "Nuvvu Nenu", in 2001, it is an all time blockbuster, and was the year's highest grosser. Uday Kiran and Anita Hassanandani played the lead roles. The supporting roles were done by Benarjee, Tanikella Bharani, Dharmavarapu Subramanyam, Telangana Sakuntala etc. "Gajuwaka Pilla" is a super hit song in this film. Music was given by R. P. Patnaik. A popular Deccan Chronicle critic gave the film a very poor rating and joked that "Nuvvu Nenu evaru ee cinema choodakudadhu", on the two hundredth day of the film's run, Teja arranged a special screening of the film for the critic. Nuvvu Nenu received six Nandi Awards and had a total run of three seventy five days. With this film, Teja introduced now popular actor and comedian Sunil to the industry. After Nuvvu Nenu, Teja and Udhay kiran became household names, and it marked Teja's rise to prominence.
Nuvvu Nenu was remade in Hindi starring Tushar Kapoor and Anita Hassanandani, although it was huge success in the south, it failed at the Hindi box office.
Stardom: 2002 to 2005.
"Jayam" (2002), is Telugu film directed and produced by Teja, starring Nitin, Sadha, and Gopichand in the lead roles. It was a massively successful at the box office. It broke all records and was declared biggest hit of Tollywood, whose records were later broken only by "Pokiri". The film was shot on very low budget of rupees two crore, It had a gross revenue of rupees thirty eight crore, It is the most profitable Telugu film till date. This movie was produced under Chitram Movies, Teja's home production company. 
It was later remade into Tamil with same title as "Jayam" (2003), starring Jayam Ravi and Sadha in lead roles which was debut in Tamil for both of them. It also starred Senthil, Gopichand, Mayilsamy, Suman Shetty and Ramesh Khanna. The Tamil version was also an all time box-office blockbuster. 'Jayam', was prefixed to the film's lead Ravi's name, now he is popularly know as Jayam Ravi.
A unique publicity campaign was launched for Jayam (Telugu), a hand mark of blood, was put all over the state, underlined with a text stating "Jayam choodandi".
Teja gained tremendous popularity post the release of Jayam, he gained star power equivalent to that of leading actors. The name "Teja" became a huge crowd puller. As all of Teja's films up till then starred debutants, he became the face of all his movies, which was rather unusual in Telugu cinema as normally the director is overshadowed by the lead actor. Because of tremendous popularity he was put on his subsequent film posters.
Teja next venture was Nijam (English: Truth), released in 2003, starring Mahesh Babu and Rakshitha in lead roles. The film was dubbed into Hindi as Meri Adalat and was remade into Oriya as Arjuna which was an all time blockbuster. The movie was praised by critics but was average grosser at box office. Teja before it's release said "It is also a love story, which has two kinds of loves. One is between a boy and girl and another between a boy and the country. This film would be having one hero and two heroines. And it's going to be very very (Teja emphasizes on using two very's) violent. That film might be certified 'A' as well. I want to show my solution for a corruption-free India. But I don't give any message through this film. I want to only entertain for two and half hours".
Exhibition and distribution : 2006 to 2007.
Teja later ventured into exhibition and distribution. He bought few movie theaters including the famous Ramatalkies located in the centre of visakhapatnam. Ramatalkies is prime property and is valued over rupees hundred crore. The junction in which it is located was renamed Ramatalkies junction.The orange Hanuman flag flies on top all of Teja's theaters.
Teja also setup chitram-movies distribution offices in Hyderabad and Vizag. He distributed films such as Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Spider-Man 2, Spider-Man 3, , , and many others In Nizam and other districts.
Slump: 2007 to 2009.
In the following years, Teja made Jai. Actor Navdeep's debuted with this film, he was paired with Santhoshini and Ayesha Julka. It was dubbed in Tamil as Jairam. The film had an average run in both languages. The story tries to marry romance and patriotism. Teja later made "Dhairyam", and "Avunanna Kadanna", simultaneously. He stated that the producer N. Sudhakar Reddy had changed and edited a part of his film Dhairyam, which lead led to many differences between the two. Teja fed up, returned his remuneration, arranged a press meet and declared he had nothing to do with the film. "Dhairyam" failed at the box office, whereas "Avunanna Kadanna" had a decent run and was declared a hit. After This Teja made "Lakshmi Kalyanam" (2007). Kalyan Ram plays the lead role alongside Kajal Agarwal. The film released on 15 February 2007, It had an average run at the box office.
Teja's quest for a much needed blockbuster continued. Many hoped "Keka" starring veteran lyricist Seetha Rama Sastry's younger son Raja would change this. Keka was a much-hyped film, failed miserably at the box-office. It was the biggest flop in Teja's career. It was produced on Teja's home banner, and it landed him in huge financial mess.
Alleged trespass: 2010 to 2011.
Cases were registered against Teja for allegedly trespassing into the house of film producer Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao. According to the police, pr, Srinivasa Rao, had bought an independent house belonging to Teja at Plot No. 1363, on Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills for rupees thirteen crore. He made an initial payment of Rs 3 crore. An agreement was made to this effect and a sale deed executed in favor of Srinivasa Rao. But Rao had been evading payment of the balance amount of Rs ten crore, police said. Soon after the agreement, Teja vacated the house and Rao took possession of it. Though Rao was not residing there he engaged a watchman to guard the premises. Jubilee Hills police inspector K Narsing Rao said ``According to the complaint lodged by Srinivasa Rao, Teja forcibly drove the watchman out and took possession of the house’’.
``Last night, around 11 pm, hundreds of goons barged into my house. They forcibly occupied it and are refusing to vacate it. They were sent by Teja,’’ Srinivasa Rao told Express. He also alleged that Home Minister P Sabitha Indra Reddy was supporting Teja and that the police slept over his complaint last night. ``Teja claims that Srinivasa Rao has to pay him the balance ten crore,’’ the inspector said. Teja later met the press and released copies of sale deed, sale agreement, GPA and others, and stated he was the sole and only owner of the house, and no agreement was made with Rao. Teja is currently residing in this house.
CID investigation.
Bhanu Kiran, gangster and alleged killer of Maddelacheruvu Suri, in his reported confession to CID said that he was approached by Teja to settle a property dispute. In his confession, Bhanu, however, told the CID that he did not play a direct role in settling the issue. He reportedly told the CID that his associate Ediga Srikanth Goud had said that he would look into the issue. Director Teja told Times of India that he had never approached Bhanu or any of his associates. "There is no truth in it whatsoever. If the issue was settled, then why did the matter go to court? This itself means that there was no attempt from my side to get anybody's involvement in it to settle the property dispute," Teja said. The matter pertains to a property dispute between Teja and another producer Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao. When allegations against Teja surfaced last year, the CID had summoned the filmmaker and questioned him about the issue. Teja said he met CID officials second time but the officials reportedly said there was no need to question him again. "If I am called again, I will certainly cooperate with the investigating agency," Teja said. The investigation was eventually stopped after zero evidence was found.
Son's death: 2011.
Teja's three-year-old son Aurov Teja died of prolonged illness in Hyderabad on Saturday, March 19, 2011. Aurov had been suffering from breathing problems and cerebral palsy since birth. Teja travelled to China, America and Germany with the three-year-old for treatment but in vain. Last week, Aurov's condition deteriorated and he was admitted in Rainbow hospital. Despite best efforts, his son died. Teja's family completed the last rites of the baby in Panjagutta crematorium. Members of film industry consoled Teja and expressed their condolences to his family for the loss of the baby boy. Teja is said to be deeply saddened and adversely affected by his son's death.
Teja blamed Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao being responsible for his son's death. He said he couldn't take his baby for further treatment to Germany because he was forced to stay in the country as he had to attend court proceedings of cases filed against him by the former. Teja further said it wasn't only the criminal charges and being dragged to court but the mental stress and pain the former caused disabled Teja from taking proper care of his baby.
Acquittal from all criminal charges: 2012.
Multiple criminal charges against director Teja were struck down by Nampally criminal court on Wednesday, April 25, 2012. The Judge said the house grabbing, trespass charges, links with anti-social elements were all bogus, he gave a judgement greatly in favor of the accused. The entire judgement paper was procured and published by Sakshi, a Telugu new channel. All CID/CBI inquiries were shut down. Although Teja is still fighting few civil cases relating to the same in lower courts.
Return to films: 2013.
After thumping victory in court, Teja made a comeback to Telugu film industry in 2013. He directed and produced 1000 Abhadhalu starring Sai Ramshankar, Ether, Nagababu, Venu, Naveen Neni and others. Though the film released with much hype, it didn't fare well at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20114039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114039" title="Langmuir adsorption model">
Langmuir adsorption model

Background and experiments.
In 1916, Irving Langmuir presented his model for the adsorption of species onto simple surfaces. Langmuir was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1932 for his work concerning surface chemistry. He hypothesized that a given surface has a certain number of equivalent sites that a species can “stick”, either by physisorption or chemisorption. His theory began when he postulated that gaseous molecules do not rebound elastically from a surface, but are held by it in a similar way to groups of molecules in solid bodies. 
Langmuir published two papers that proved the assumption that adsorbed films do not exceed one molecule in thickness. The first experiment involved observing electron emission from heated filaments in gases. 
The second, a more direct proof, examined and measured the films of liquid on an adsorbent surface layer. He also noted that generally the attractive strength between the surface and the first layer of adsorbed substance is much greater than the strength between the first and second layer. However, there are instances where the subsequent layers may condense given the right combination of temperature and pressure. 
The most important empirical data came from a set of experiments that Langmuir ran to test the adsorption of several gases on mica, glass and platinum. The experiments began at very low pressures (~100 bar) in order to more easily measure the change in quantities of free gas and also to avoid condensation. He then ran the experiments at different temperatures and pressures, which proved the pressure dependence demonstrated below.
Basic assumptions of the model.
Inherent within this model, the following assumptions are valid specifically for the simplest case: the adsorption of a single adsorbate onto a series of equivalent sites on the surface of the solid.
Derivations of the Langmuir Adsorption Isotherm.
Kinetic Derivation.
This section provides a kinetic derivation for a single adsorbate case. The multiple adsorbate case is covered in the Competitive adsorption sub-section.
The model assumes adsorption and desorption as being elementary processes, where the rate of adsorption "rad" and the rate of desorption "rd" are given by:
where "PA" is the partial pressure of A over the surface, "is the concentration of bare sites in number/m², "[Aad" is the surface concentration of A in molecules/m², and "kad" and "kd" are constants.
At equilibrium, the rate of adsorption equals the rate of desorption. Setting "rad=rd" and rearranging, we obtain:
The concentration of all sites "is the sum of the concentration of free sites "[S" and of occupied sites:
Combining this with the equilibrium equation, we get:
We define now the fraction of the surface sites covered with A, θA, as:
This, applied to the previous equation that combined site balance and equilibrium, yields the Langmuir adsorption isotherm:
Statistical Mechanical Derivation.
This derivation
was originally provided by Volmer and Mahnert in 1925.
The partition function of the finite number of adsorbents adsorbed on a surface, in a canonical ensemble is given by 
where formula_12 is the partition function of a single adsorbed molecule, formula_13 are the number of sites available for adsorption. Hence, N, which is the number of molecules that can be adsorbed, can be less or equal to Ns. The first term of Z(n) accounts the total partition function of the different molecules by taking a product of the individual partition functions (Refer to Partition function of subsystems). The latter term accounts for the overcounting arising due to the indistinguishable nature of the adsorption sites. The grand canonical partition function is given by
As it has the form of binomial series, the summation is reduced to 
where formula_16
The Landau free energy, which is generalized Helmholtz free energy is given by 
According to the Maxwell relations regarding the change of the Helmholtz free energy with respect to the chemical potential, 
which gives
Now, invoking the condition that the system is in equilibrium, the chemical potential of the adsorbates is equal to that of the gas surroundings the absorbent. 
where N3D is the number of gas molecules, Z3D is the partition function of the gas molecules and Ag=-kBT ln Zg. Further, we get
where
formula_23 
Finally, we have 
It is plotted in the figure alongside demonstrating the surface coverage increases quite rapidly with the partial pressure of the adsorbants but levels off after P reaches P0.
Competitive Adsorption.
The previous derivations assumes that there is only one species, A, adsorbing onto the surface. This section considers the case when there are two distinct adsorbates present in the system.Consider two species A and B that compete for the same adsorption sites. The following assumptions are applied here:
As derived using kinetical considerations, the equilibrium constants for both A and B are given by
and
The site balance states that the concentration of total sites "[S0]" is equal to the sum of free sites, sites occupied by A and sites occupied by B:
Inserting the equilibrium equations and rearranging in the same way we did for the single-species adsorption, we get similar expressions for both θA and θB:
Dissociative Adsorption.
The other case of special importance is when a molecule D2 dissociates into two atoms upon adsorption. Here, the following assumptions would be held to be valid:
Using similar kinetic considerations, we get:
The 1/2 exponent on "pD2" arises because one gas phase molecule produces two adsorbed species. Applying the site balance as done above:
Entropic considerations.
The formation of Langmuir monolayers by adsorption onto a surface dramatically reduces the entropy of the molecular system. This conflicts with the second law of thermodynamics, which states that entropy will increase in an isolated system. This implies that either another locally active force is stronger than the thermodynamic potential, or that our expression of the entropy of the system is incomplete.
To find the entropy decrease, we find the entropy of the molecule when in the adsorbed condition.
Using Stirling's approximation, we have, 
On the other hand, the entropy of a molecule of an ideal gas is 
formula_37
where formula_38 is the Thermal de Broglie wavelength of the gas molecule.
Disadvantages of the model.
The Langmuir adsorption model deviates significantly in many cases, primarily because it fails to account for the surface roughness of the adsorbate. Rough inhomogeneous surfaces have multiple site-types available for adsorption, and some parameters vary from site to site, such as the heat of adsorption.
The model also ignores adsorbate/adsorbate interactions. Experimentally, there is clear evidence for adsorbate/adsorbate interactions in heat of adsorption data. There are two kinds of adsorbate/adsorbate interactions: direct interaction and indirect interaction. Direct interactions are between adjacent adsorbed molecules, which could make adsorbing near another adsorbate molecule more or less favorable and greatly affects high-coverage behavior. In indirect interactions, the adsorbate changes the surface around the adsorbed site, which in turn affects the adsorption of other adsorbate molecules nearby.
Modifications of the Langmuir Adsorption Model.
The modifications try to account for the points mentioned in above section like surface roughness, inhomogeneity, and adsorbate-adsorbate interactions.
The Freundlich Adsorption Isotherm.
The Freundlich isotherm is the most important multisite adsorption isotherm for rough surfaces.
where "αF" and "CF" are fitting parameters. This equation implies that if one makes a log-log plot of adsorption data, the data will fit a straight line. The Freundlich isotherm has two parameters while Langmuir's equations has only one: as a result, it often fits the data on rough surfaces better than the Langmuir's equations.
A related equation is the "Toth equation". Rearranging the Langmuir equation, one can obtain:
Toth modified this equation by adding two parameters, "αT0" and "CT0" to formulate the Toth equation:
The Temkin Adsorption Isotherm.
This isotherm takes into accounts of indirect adsorbate-adsorbate interactions on adsorption isotherms. Temkin noted experimentally that heats of adsorption would more often decrease than increase with increasing coverage.
The heat of adsorption "ΔHad" is defined as:
He derived a model assuming that as the surface is loaded up with adsorbate, the heat of adsorption of all the molecules in the layer would decrease linearly with coverage due to adsorbate/adsorbate interactions:
where "αT" is a fitting parameter. Assuming the Langmuir Adsorption isotherm still applied to the adsorbed layer, formula_44 is expected to vary with coverage, as follows:
Langmuir's isotherm can be rearranged to this form:
Substituting the expression of the equilibrium constant and taking the natural logarithm:
BET equation.
Brunauer, Emmett and Teller derived the first isotherm for multilayer adsorption. It assumes a random distribution of sites that are empty or that are covered with by one monolayer, two layers and so on, as illustrated alongside. The main equation of this model is:
where
formula_49
and "" is the total concentration of molecules on the surface, given by:
where
formula_51
in which "is the number of bare sites, and "[Ai" is the number of surface sites covered by "i" molecules.
Adsorption of binary liquid adsorption on solids.
This section describes the surface coverage when the adsorbate is in liquid phase and is a binary mixture
For ideal both phases - no lateral interactions, homogeneous surface - the composition of a surface phase for a binary liquid system in contact with solid surface is given by a classic Everett isotherm equation (being a simple analogue of Langmuir equation), where the components are interchangeable (i.e. "1" may be exchanged to "2") without change of eq. form:
where the normal definition of multicomponent system is valid as follows :
By simple rearrangement, we get 
This equation describes competition of components "1" and "2".

</doc>
<doc id="20114045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114045" title="Hutzel Women's Hospital">
Hutzel Women's Hospital

Hutzel Women's Hospital is one of the eight institutions that compose the Detroit Medical Center. The hospital itself is connected to Harper University Hospital, on the midtown Detroit campus of the Medical Center. It is the only hospital in Southeast Michigan dedicated to women’s care.
History.
Hutzel Women's Hospital is the second oldest hospital in the city of Detroit. It traces its lineage to the period right after the American Civil War when a group of seven courageous women formed an association in 1868 to provide care for unwed mothers and their infants.
Throughout the late 19th century and early and mid-20th century the hospital became known for its innovative care of women and children, including Detroit's first baby incubator, Michigan's first research laboratory devoted to the "study of women's diseases," and establishment of the nation's first "Mother's Milk Bureau" to ensure a supply of breast milk to infants of non-lactating mothers.
In 1965 the Hospital was renamed Hutzel Women's Hospital in honor of Eleonore L. Hutzel, recognizing her 54 years of service as student, employee and trustee of the Hospital. Since that time the hospital has seen its services grow to include orthopaedics, ophthalmology, a pain clinic and sleep center.
Hutzel is home to the nation’s only National Institutes of Health (NIH) Perinatology Research Branch.
Clinical Services.
Hutzel Services include: High-Risk Pregnancy Care, Maternal-Fetal Medicine, Minimally Invasive Surgery, Incontinence/Urogynecology, Long-term Birth Control, Menopause and Bariatric (Weight Loss) Surgery
Hutzel “Firsts”.
1898: Detroit's first infant incubator for salvaging premature babies.
1909: Michigan's first research laboratory devoted to the study of "the diseases of women." 
1912: Detroit's first hospital-based social services department which ensured that the holistic view of total treatment - including follow-up - was used with all patients, regardless of their ability to pay. Establishment of the nation's first "Mother's Milk Bureau" to ensure a supply of breast milk to infants of non-lactating mothers.
1915: Establishment of the city's first hospital-based prenatal clinics.
1928: The first hospital to routinely segregate maternity patients from medical/surgical patients to prevent disease contamination.
1955: Opened the first fertility center in Detroit.
1972: The nation's first hospital to develop and use xeroradiography for the early detection of breast cancer.
1983: Began Michigan's first in vitro fertilization program.
1983: Development of the state's first reproductive genetics program.
1983: The establishment of Michigan's first hospital-based nurse midwifery program.
1984: Michigan's first successful in vitro births were born at Hutzel.
1993: Development of the world's first embryo fetoscopy procedures.
1995: The world's first successful fetal surgery to correct a right-sided diaphragmatic hernia in a fetus was performed at Hutzel.
1998: Development of infertility procedures that allow for the fertilization of the female egg with a single sperm by direct injection and then the direct re-implantation of the fertilized egg back into the female.
1999: Institution of one of the nation's first integrated programs for first trimester screening for Down syndrome and trisomy 18.
2002: The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development granted a 10-year contract to house its Perinatology Research Branch, an intramural branch of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) that conducts studies into maternal and infant health and disease, with an estimated value of $125 million over its duration.
2002: Hutzel first in US to perform Essure procedure for women requiring permanent birth control.
2002: Hutzel Women's Hospital was granted the largest study of its kind to treat women with Polyscystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) who have infertility problems.
2004: U.S. News & World Report names Hutzel Women's Hospital #46 in the country for gynecology.
2004: Hutzel celebrated its 136th Anniversary and nearly a half million births.
2005: U.S. News & World Report names Hutzel Women's Hospital #37 in the country for gynecology.
Accreditation.
Hutzel Women’s Hospital is listed in The Leapfrog Group’s 2008 Top Hospital list for patient quality and safety. The Leapfrog group identified 33 hospitals, (26 adult and 7 pediatric) which have achieved the highest level for quality and safety practices. The Leapfrog Group rankings are based on a survey conducted at 1,220 hospitals across the country and is considered the most complete and current assessment of hospital quality and safety available.

</doc>
<doc id="20114053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114053" title="Giannissima">
Giannissima

Giannissima is Gianna Nannini's second live album, and twelfth album overall. It was released in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20114060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114060" title="Mayakkam Enna">
Mayakkam Enna

Mayakkam Enna () is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written directed by Selvaraghavan. It stars his brother Dhanush, along with newcomer Richa Gangopadhyay, and features music scored by G. V. Prakash Kumar while the cinematography was handled by Ramji. "Mayakkam Enna" depicts the story of an aspiring wildlife photographer and his struggles in life. The film, produced and distributed by Gemini Film Circuit, was released on 25 November 2011. The film received generally positive reviews from critics and danush's performances has been praised well.
Plot.
Karthik Swaminathan (Dhanush), referred to as 'Genius' by his friends, is a freelance photographer who aspires to become a Wildlife Photographer like Madhesh Krishnasamy (Raviprakash). His close friends Sundar (Sunder Ramu), Shankar (Mathivanan Rajendran), Padmini (Pooja Balu) and Vindhya (Shilpi Kiran) support him and his sister after the death of their parents. One day, Sundar introduces Yamini (Richa Gangopadhyay) as his girlfriend to Karthik and his friends. On their first meeting, Karthik and Yamini have a bitter experience but they slowly develop a special bond. Karthik tries to stay away from the girl since he does not want to break his friend's heart, but a sequence of events brings them closer. Eventually, Sunder's dad arranges for Karthik and Yamini to be married.
After their wedding, Karthik learns that Madhesh had used a photograph that Karthik had taken to win a national award. After this incident he turns into an alcoholic and people start doubting his sanity. But Yamini does not give up on him and supports him hoping that he'll succeed one day. One day, Karthik's drunken fit leads to Yamini's miscarriage after which she stops talking to him. This makes him come to terms with reality and he mends his ways. He finally gets a break and becomes a Professional Wildlife Photographer and one of his photographs gets nominated for an International Photography award, which he finally wins. On this occasion, Karthik thanks his friends Sundar and others for their support and Yamini for her faith in him and reveals his love for her. Yamini finally relents and talks to Karthik as the film ends.
Production.
After his "Aayirathil Oruvan" starring Karthik Sivakumar and Andrea Jeremiah ran into trouble after the latter had pulled out of the film, citing differences with the director, Selvaraghavan began a new film featuring Dhanush and Richa Gangopadhyay, who had initially been signed to do another film with the director. Richa began shooting for the film in Kannur in May 2011, and the film was wrapped up within three months. The title was finally changed to "Mayakkam Enna" in August 2011, with reports suggesting that Dhanush would sport four different looks in the film. Selvaraghavan has since made it clear that the film has a totally different script from the film that had been shelved. It was said that Dhanush would be seen in various stages, as a boy just out of his teenage to an old man. Yuvan Shankar Raja replaced Prakash Kumar as music composer in the film, with the latter reporting it was due to "money and time issues". However, in a sensational turn, Prakash Kumar was assigned again as composer after Yuvan Shankar Raja moved out of the project as he was busy with other commitments and could not give priority to Selvaraghavan, who was in rush to complete the film and move over to his next project, "Vishwaroopam". On 24 May 2011, it was announced that Selvaraghavan was ousted from the project. Television actress Deepa Venkat dubbed the voice of the female lead.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack, composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar, was released on 19 September 2011 at Radio Mirchi's Chennai station. The soundtrack has received generally positive reviews. Behindwoods commented it was "intoxicating enough", giving 3.5 out of 5. 
Reception.
The film received positive reviews. "CNN-IBN" wrote that Selvaraghavan had "succeeded in presenting a sensitive and engaging movie". "The Times Of India" gave 3.5 out of 5, citing: "...with "Mayakkam Enna" he proves why he is one of the best actors around". "Deccan Chronicle" gave 3.5 out of 5 and commented that it had a "fresh appeal and is straight from the heart without any clichéd frills". "The New Indian Express" wrote: "A sensitively crafted screenplay, deft narration, stunning vignettes and montages, and a brilliant performance by the lead pair, makes "Mayakkam Enna" a fascinating watch". "Deccan Herald" wrote that it was "entertaining and worth a watch".
"NDTV" stated it was a film "with soul and worth a watch". In regard to Dhanush's performance, it wrote: "His myriad emotions elevate the movie to a great extent". "The Hindu" claimed: "Selvaraghavan knows where his potential lies and has tapped it suitably." Pavithra Srinivasan of "Rediff" gave the film 3 out of 5 and wrote: " has a brilliant first half but the film looses the steam in the second half". Sify claimed: "Simplistic story with a hard hitting impact, "Mayakkam Enna" will stay with you". Behindwoods rated 3.5/5 and called it "emotionally rich" and an "inebriating experience by itself". Indiaglitz cited that it does "mesmerize you and you will definitely consider watching this film more than once". "Oneindia" wrote that it was a "treat for youngsters". Rohit Ramachandran of Nowrunning.com rated it 3.5/5 suggesting the viewer to "just listen to the director's voice and you'll find Mayakkam Enna's soul". Mayakkam Enna also appeared on his 'Best of 2011' list. 
Awards.
Vikatan Awards
Edison Awards
Vijay Awards 
South Indian International Movie Awards (Pending)

</doc>
<doc id="20114103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114103" title="Karavasta Lagoon">
Karavasta Lagoon

The Karavasta Lagoon () is the largest lagoon in Albania and one of the largest in the Mediterranean Sea. It is separated from the Adriatic Sea by a large strip of sand. The lagoon is part of the Divjake-Karavasta National Park. It was elected as an area of international importance, protected by the Ramsar Convention of 29 November 1995.
Geography.
The lagoon is situated in the west of Albania and the largest town found near the lagoon is Lushnjë. The lagoon is cut of from the Adriatic Sea by a long sandy bar. The Karavasta lagoon has many pine trees and small sandy islands. The lagoon is famous for the rare Dalmatian Pelican which nests there: In fact 5% of the world's population of this type of pelican is found in this lagoon.
The Karavasta Lagoon is within the List of Ramsar wetlands of international importance and is part of the Divjake-Karavasta National Park. Inside the park's boundary are found a number of restaurants with the most famous being Alfa-Yur, also known as Ali Kali Restaurant. A former gymnast, Ali is known to serve food portions while doing acrobatic moves with his white horse.
Since disinfection campaigns have long been halted, the area is known to have a very active mosquito season.

</doc>
<doc id="20114116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114116" title="Langford and Ulting railway station">
Langford and Ulting railway station

Langford and Ulting railway station was located in Langford, Essex. It closed in 1964 as part of the Beeching closures.

</doc>
<doc id="20114142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114142" title="Maminas">
Maminas

Maminas is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114144" title="Museum Vincente Pallotti">
Museum Vincente Pallotti

The Museum Vicente Pallotti is located on Avenida Presidente Vargas, 115 in Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It is located in the same complex "Palotina College (FAPAS)". Visits need to be scheduled in advance.
Rooms.
The museum has many rooms, with great emphasis on the area of paleontology, with fossils of geopark of paleorrota. 
History.
In 1935, in the District of Vale-Vêneto, José Pivetta and Valentim Zamberlan started taxidermy in the Museum, which is already part of the same collection. 
In 1959, due to lack of space in Vale-Vêneto, the museum transferred to the College Máximo Palotino in Santa Maria. Moreover, in 1964, Daniel Cargnin, contributing to the museum in the college, collected various objects and fossils of geopark of paleorrota. On 7 January 1965, the museum received the first fossil, excavated in the Paleontological Site Sanga of Alemoa, near the town of Santa Maria. From this date, its growth continued, thanks especially to the efforts of Daniel Cargnin and Abraão Cargnin.
During the years 1972 to 1994, the museum personnel received several donations of the community in general and collections of sites: archaeological and palaeontological. During these years, the "Museum Vicente Pallotti" became a large repository of objects, and for this reason, the entire collection was in precarious conditions. Then in 1994, aiming to solve the difficulties, the museum was given its first phase of reorganization that continued until 1998. In 1998, work began on the second phase of reorganization.

</doc>
<doc id="20114159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114159" title="X Forza E X Amore">
X Forza E X Amore

X Forza E X Amore is Gianna Nannini's tenth studio album, and thirteenth album overall. It was released in 1993 on Polydor Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20114174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114174" title="Manëz">
Manëz

Manëz or Manzë is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114187" title="Lahitolle 95 mm cannon">
Lahitolle 95 mm cannon

The Lahitolle 95 mm cannon (Mle 1875) was a French cannon of the 19th century, developed in 1875 by the artillery commander de Lahitolle. The Lahitolle 90 mm was the first French field cannon made of steel, and one of the first to be equipped with a screw breech (issued 16 years after the British and Prussians adopted a similar system). It was adopted by the French Army in 1875 and superseded the Reffye cannon.
The Lahitolle 95 mm was superseded by the de Bange 90 mm cannon in 1877. An improved version, the Lahitolle 95 mm (Mle 1888), was developed in 1888. The Lahitolle 95 mm was still in use during World War I, together with the de Bange 90 mm cannon, as French industry could not keep with production requirements for the much newer Canon de 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20114190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114190" title="Octave of the Holy Innocents">
Octave of the Holy Innocents

Octave of the Holy Innocents is a studio album by Swedish bassist Jonas Hellborg, experimental guitarist Buckethead and drummer Michael Shrieve first released in 1993.
The album title refers to the Massacre of the Innocents and the Simple Octave of Christian liturgical usage. Hellborg reworked the album in 2003 and re-released it through Bardo Records.
He wrote:
When looking over the tapes of these sessions I discovered tracks that I did not use the first time around. So there are no extra songs on this reissue, but a fundamental reworking of all the compositions of the first release. Some new light on this music that I did with 2 of my absolute favorite musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="20114191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114191" title="Repere Transilvane">
Repere Transilvane

Repere Transilvane ("Transylvanian Highlights") is a Romanian weekly literary and political magazine, issued by the Radio Transilvania. It is a bilingual publication, in Romanian, and Hungarian. The first edition was printed on May 4, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20114221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114221" title="Avoch railway station">
Avoch railway station

Avoch railway station was a station on the single track branch of the Highland Railway, in north east Scotland. The line connected villages in The Black Isle peninsula to the railway network via a junction at Muir of Ord.
History.
Opened by the Highland Railway in 1894, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by British Railways.
Authorisation was obtained on 4 July 1890 to build a 15.75 mile (25 km) branch line from Muir of Ord to Rosemarkie; however the line never proceeded beyond Fortrose.

</doc>
<doc id="20114223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114223" title="Govind Man Shrestha">
Govind Man Shrestha

Govind Man Shrestha (February 1938 – March 2008) was a Bhajan singer, lyricist and composer. Born in Kathmandu, Nepal, he began singing on Radio Nepal's Nepal Bhasa/Newari Language program in 1958. He founded a music trust, Govind Jamuna Cultural Music Trust, in 1999 that provides financing to hospitals, Bhajan singers and social organizations. Govind Man Shrestha has promoted new singers, musicians and models, and his music has been released in various formats. He has also provided music translation services, and his songs are popular in Nepal.
Recognition.
He has received many letters of appreciation:

</doc>
<doc id="20114224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114224" title="Ishëm">
Ishëm

Ishëm is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114233" title="Adarmahan">
Adarmahan

Adarmahān (in Greek sources given as , Adaarmanes; fl. late 6th century) was a Persian general active in the western frontier of the Sassanid Empire against the East Roman (Byzantine) forces, during the Byzantine–Sassanid War of 572–591.
Biography.
Adarmahān is recorded as a "marzbān" (general of a frontier province, "margrave"), probably of Nisibis, by the Syriac historian John of Ephesus. He was posted at Nisibis in 573, when the Persian king, Khosrau I (r. 531–579), sent him at the head of an army to invade the Roman province of Syria. He devastated the province, sacked the city of Apamea, capturing several thousand prisoners, and defeated a small Roman force under general Magnus. 
In 577, he raided the Roman province of Osrhoene, but withdrew at the approach of a strong Roman army under general Justinian. In 580, the East Roman general Maurice advanced with an army along the river Euphrates toward the Sassanid capital, Ctesiphon. In response, Adarmahan was ordered to begin operations in northern Mesopotamia (581), threatening the Roman army's supply line and forcing Maurice to stop and withdraw his army north. Adarmahan pillaged Osrhoene, and was successful in capturing its capital, Edessa. Then he marched his army toward Callinicum on the Euphrates. There, however, he was met by Maurice and his army, and suffered a minor defeat which caused him to retreat. In June of the next year (582), Adarmahan suffered a heavy defeat by Maurice near Constantina, barely escaping the field, while his co-commander Tamkhosrau was killed. Thereafter, Adarmahan disappears from history.

</doc>
<doc id="20114251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114251" title="Judy Is a Punk">
Judy Is a Punk

Judy Is a Punk is a song by Ramones.
Story.
Judy Is a Punk was written around the same time as "Beat on the Brat". Joey had explained that the first line came about after he walked by Thorny Croft, an apartment building that Joey said was "where all the kids in the neighborhood hung out on the rooftop and drank." The second line came about after walking down a different street. The lyrics refer to two juvenile offenders in Berlin and San Francisco and their possible deaths at the conclusion of the song. The song is fictional, as announced Nicholas Rombes who describes this meta-perspective in his analysis of the album as "both line in a song and song line across a line in a song." "Judy Is a Punk" is the original album's shortest song, being one minute and 32 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="20114255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114255" title="Sukth">
Sukth

Sukth is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.
Sport.
FK Sukthi

</doc>
<doc id="20114268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114268" title="Electrical contractor">
Electrical contractor

An electrical contractor is a business person or firm that performs specialized construction work related to the design, installation, and maintenance of electrical systems—a $130 billion industry in the United States.
An electrical contractor is different from an electrician; an electrician is an individual tradesman and an electrical contractor is a business person or company that employs electricians. Both usually hold licenses and insurances to properly and safely operate a business, protecting the employees and home owners/business owners from insurance liabilities. These requirements vary from state to state. Electricians may work for an electrical contractor, or directly for individuals or companies.
Industry Classifications.
Electrical contractors are generally classified by three major types of work performed.
Industry Jobs.
Electrical contractors employ workers in many capacities, determined by their level of training and experience. Some common jobs include: 
Trade Associations.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, the three main trade associations are the National Inspection Council for Electrical Installation Contracting and Electrical Contractors' Association, covering England, Northern Ireland and Wales, and SELECT - the Electrical Contractors' Association for Scotland.
United States.
The National Electrical Contractors Association (NECA) is the largest trade association in the electrical contracting industry, with about 4500 members. NECA publishes an industry magazine, and sponsors an annual convention and trade show. Independent Electrical Contractors (IEC) is another trade association for electrical contractors with 70 chapters across the U.S. They provide education and training via a U.S. Department of Labor recognized apprenticeship program. 
The International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers organizes and represents over 700,000 members, and provides training and apprenticeship programs.
Safety.
Electrical contractors in the United States are required to follow National Electrical Code (NEC) to ensure systems work in a safe manner. The NEC is a widely-adopted model code for the installation of electrical components and systems, designed to safeguard persons and property from hazards arising from the use of electricity. While these are the default minimum requirements and guidelines, some states modify selected areas of the NEC code to suit their specific circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="20114269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114269" title="Tunnelling companies of the Royal Engineers">
Tunnelling companies of the Royal Engineers

Royal Engineer tunnelling companies were specialist units of the Corps of Royal Engineers within the British Army, formed to dig attacking tunnels under enemy lines during the First World War.
The stalemate situation in the early part of the war led to the deployment of tunnel warfare. After the first German Empire attacks on 21 December 1914, through shallow tunnels underneath no man’s land and exploding ten mines under the trenches of the Indian Sirhind Brigade, the British began forming suitable units. In February 1915, eight Tunnelling Companies were created and operational in Flanders from March 1915. By mid-1916, the British Army had around 25,000 trained tunnellers, mostly volunteers taken from coal mining communities. Almost twice that number of "attached infantry" worked permanently alongside the trained miners acting as 'beasts of burden'.
From the spring of 1917 the whole war became more mobile, with grand offensives at Arras, Messines and Passchendaele. There was no longer a place for a tactic that depended upon total stasis for its employment. The tactics and counter-tactics required deeper and deeper tunnelling, hence more time and more stable front lines were also required, so offensive and defensive military mining largely ceased. Underground work continued, with the tunnellers concentrating on deep dugouts for troop accommodation, a tactic used particularly in the Battle of Arras.
Background.
In siege warfare, tunnelling is a long-held tactic for breaching and breaking enemy defences. The Greek historian Polybius, in his Histories, described accounts of mining during Philip V of Macedon's siege of the town of Prinassos; there is also a graphic account of mining and counter-mining at the Roman siege of Ambracia.
Mining was also a method used in siege warfare in ancient China from at least the Warring States (481–221 BC) period forward. When attackers attempted to dig tunnels under walls for mining or entry into the city, the defenders used large bellows (the type the Chinese commonly used for heating up blast furnaces for smelting cast iron), to pump smoke into the tunnels in order to suffocate the intruders.
In 1215 during the First Barons' War, John, King of England laid siege to Rochester Castle. Eventually, he ordered his troops to dig a tunnel under the south tower, which they held up with pit props. After the tunnellers lit the props, the tower fell down, ending the siege even though the castle's main walls remained standing.
In 1346, Edward III of England requested that miners from the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire accompany his expedition to France, during the first part of the Hundred Years' War between England and France.
The Corps of Royal Engineers were formed in 1717. In 1770, the Company of Soldier Artificers formed a specialist tunnelling troop in Gibraltar to dig defensive positions into the Rock.
During the Siege of Lucknow in 1857, Royal Engineers were asked to undertake counter-mining.
World War I formation.
By the end of May 1915, a continuous opposed pair of defence-in-depth trench earthworks with no vulnerable flanks, stretched from the North Sea coast to neutral Switzerland. With both sides equally well dug-in and deploying comparable troop numbers and armaments, neither was to prove strong enough to force a decisive breakthrough.
The resultant static warfare meant that tunnelling saw a brief resurgence as a military tactic. As in siege warfare, mining was possible due to the nature of the fighting. Secondly, the ground on the Western Front was a prime candidate for underground warfare.
Although the British were equipped with Royal Engineers who were trained in carrying out sapping, mining and tunnelling operations, there was no core team of specialist skills.
Request and proposal.
Even before it became apparent that the Germans were mining to a planned system, the commanding officer of the IV Corps, Sir Henry Rawlinson, requested the establishment on 3 December 1914, of a special battalion to assist with mining duties.
Towards the end of 1914, the civil engineering company of MP and British Army Major, John Norton-Griffiths, was working on sewerage renewal contracts in Liverpool and Manchester. The relatively small-bore tunnels were being driven by a manual technique known as "clay-kicking." Only useful in firm clay soils, the man doing the digging sat with his back supported by a wooden frame, with his feet pointing towards the cutting face. With a spade-like tool he dug out the clay, passing the spoil over-head to one of his mates for disposal at the rear. In early December 1914, Norton-Griffiths wrote to the War Office suggesting that the technique would be useful within the war effort for attack, spying or for intercepting German tunnels coming in the opposite direction. He concluded by asking to be allowed to take a group of his "moles" to France where if the soil was right, they could quickly undermine enemy positions. His letter was filed.
On 20 December 1914, by placing shallow tunnels through no man’s land, German sappers placed eight 50 kilogramme (110 lb) mines beneath the positions of the Indian Sirhind Brigade in Givenchy. Following their simultaneous detonation, an infantry attack resulted in the loss of the entire company of 800 men.
Kitchener responds.
Following further attacks, it was evident by January 1915 that the Germans were mining to a planned system. As the British had failed to develop suitable counter-tactics or listening devices, Sir John French, commander of the British Expeditionary Force, wrote to the Secretary of State for War, Lord Kitchener, describing the seriousness of the German mining situation.
Norton-Griffiths received a telegram on 12 February 1915, instructing him to report to the War Office. On his arrival, he was shown into Kitchener's private offices, where he (Kitchener), showed him French's letter. Kitchener then asked Norton-Griffiths for his advice, to which using a coal shovel from the room's fire grate, he sat on the floor and gave a demonstration of "clay-kicking."
Impressed but sceptical, Kitchener asked Norton-Griffiths to travel that day to France to communicate his method to the commanders there, and confirm the suitability of the Flanders soil. If positive, he would then raise a suitable battalion of "moles", as Norton-Griffiths had named his new teams, the same name as their civil engineering counterparts.
Arriving with two of his employees at the GHQ Saint-Omer office of the Engineer-in-Chief (E-in-C), Brigadier George Henry Fowke, on 13 February, Norton-Griffiths gave another demonstration of "clay-kicking." A sceptical Fowke instructed his assistant, Colonel Harvey, to take Norton-Griffiths and his employees to Army and Corps headquarters on 14 February, to see what the Corps of Royal Engineers thought of the idea.
In an early public relations exercise, on 14 February, Norton-Griffiths got Colonel Harvey to stop at four headquarters – Army, Corps, Division and Brigade. At each briefing, Norton-Griffiths repeated his demonstration. On arrival at the front line, (a mile from where the first German mine had exploded the previous December), they confirmed the excellent conditions of the clay-based soil and returned to St Omer via the four headquarters to communicate their findings.
The following day, the team held further meetings in St Omer, concluding with a meeting between Norton-Griffiths, Fowke and Sir John French, the C-in-C, for a personal explanation. Fowke gave his agreement to a trial to which French agreed, and the three set out a structure for what were to be called tunnelling companies, rather than Norton-Griffiths' preference for 'moles': a symbol which many of the tunnelling companies would later adopt as their unit sign.
In a meeting with Lord Kitchener on 17 February, he reported on his visit to France and the agreement of Collins and Fowke to form trial tunnelling companies. Norton-Griffiths pointed out that to deploy the units at the speed which Lord Kitchener had suggested, would require the recruitment of civilians, who could not undergo basic military training to enable their immediate deployment to the front line. Kitchener's staff were highly sceptical of the proposal, but using his carte-blanche skill to cull such skilled men from regular infantry units, Norton-Griffiths won his argument.
First tunnelling companies.
Norton Griffiths travelled to Liverpool on 18 February and closed down one of his tunnelling contracts, making 18 staff redundant. The following day the War Office gave its approval to the Royal Engineers tunnelling company scheme. On the same day, 18 formerly redundant Liverpool men turned up in Chatham to be enrolled, clothed and turned into Royal Engineers. One of the most rapid acts of the First World War, men who were working underground as civilians on 17 February, were working underground on the Western Front by the following Monday, a mere four days later.
The first nine Royal Engineer Tunnelling Companies, numbers 170 to 178, were each commanded by a regular RE officer – they comprised: 5 officers and 269 sappers, aided by temporarily attached infantrymen as required, (which almost doubled the companies number). Norton-Griffiths, in the rank of major, acted as a liaison officer between these units and the E-in-C's office in St.Omer.
Although able to select almost any soldier he wished, as he had predicted, Norton-Griffiths was quickly forced to recruit civilians. The new recruits in these units, aged anything up to 60, did not readily conform to military discipline and Norton-Griffiths' skills as a politician and as an engineer were called on in recruiting the men he needed and integrating them into the military environment. His judgement of people was remarkably accurate, he very rarely made a mistake in selecting men for a commission.
The deployment of the first eight units led to the introduction of the tunnelling method that allowed the British to dig tunnels at a rate of per day, compared to the Germans' .
First action: Hill 60, Ypres Salient.
First deployed in the Ypres Salient with the 28th Division, the specialist tunnelling companies laid six mines by 10 April 1915. These mines (together with others that were unfinished), were filled with around of Ammonal explosives, the resulting explosions ripping the heart out of Hill 60 over a period of about 10 seconds. The effect was a mini-earthquake that split the ground under the entire hill, white flames shot into the sky. Concrete pillboxes and soldiers occupying them came down in all directions away. The explosion resulted in a deep crater, with surrounding trenches sandwiched shut so fast soldiers were crushed still in their standing positions. The Germans all around were crying with fear. Many retreated in terror, the-then tunnel master, Otto von Fusslein, was castigated, although the position was quickly recaptured a few days later.
The action showed the importance of the necessity for a counter-offensive against aggressive German mining on the British lines. Having proven the system, Norton-Griffiths left the company and returned to London in April 1916 and his duties as an MP. He left GHQ with his rough plan of August 1915 for extensive mining on the Messines front, which formed the framework on which mines were used at the Battle of Messines two years later. He was awarded the DSO for his efforts, mentioned in dispatches three times and promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in 1916.
Expansion.
The success of the Tunnelling Companies led to mining being made a separate branch of the new E-in-C's office, which was under Major-General S.R. Rice and the appointment of an Inspector of Mines at GHQ.
The second group of tunnelling companies were formed from Welsh miners from the 1st and 3rd Battalions of The Monmouthshire Regiment, who were attached to the 1st Northumberland Field Company, Royal Engineers, a Territorial unit. Twelve Tunnelling Companies were ultimately formed in 1915 and one more in 1916. A Canadian troop was formed from men on the battlefield, plus two other companies trained in Canada and then shipped to France. Three Australian and one New Zealand tunnelling companies were formed by March 1916. This resulted in 30 companies by the end of 1916, many made up of ex-miners.
All of these companies were occupied on other underground work such as the digging of subways, saps (a narrow trench dug to approach enemy trenches), cable trenches, underground chambers for such things as signals and medical services, as well as offensive and defensive mining.
Methodology.
Both sides deployed tunnelling, with the German lead quickly followed by the British follow-up. The result was a labyrinth of tunnels within a cat and mouse-like game of tunnelling, counter-tunnelling and counter tactics. As the tactics and counter tactics deployed against each other became less and less effective, the depth at which the tunnels needed to be dug became deeper and deeper and hence more dangerous. The result was a greater time to dig, resulting in a greater vulnerability to both leakage of information and tunnel collapse, and a higher loss of lives in the most hideous of circumstances: entombment, drowning, gassing or obliteration in cramped and claustrophobic galleries beneath no man’s land.
Recruitment.
To make the tunnels safer and quicker to deploy, the British Army enlisted experienced coal miners, many outside their nominal recruitment policy. The desperate need for skilled men saw notices requesting volunteer tunnellers posted in collieries, mineral mines and quarries across South Wales, Scotland and the Northeast of England covering Derbyshire, County Durham, Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire. In addition, specialist tin miners were also recruited from the Cornish mines mainly joining the 251st Company RE. To attract the tin miners, a per diem of six shillings a day was offered to underground miners, which was around double to that was being paid in the mines.
The mining assistants who acted as 'beasts of burden' were often made up of "Bantams", (soldiers of below average height who had been rejected from regular units because they did not meet the height requirements). Upon the declaration of war in August 1914, William Hackett applied and was turned down three times at the age of 41 by the York and Lancaster Regiment. On 25 October 1915, despite having been diagnosed with a heart condition, he was enlisted and sent for two weeks basic training at Chatham, joining 172 Tunnelling Company.
Digging.
As tunnels were vulnerable to attack, the entrances were a closely guarded secret. With electricity in short supply in the frontline, tunnellers were forced to work by candlelight. Operating in near silence to avoid detection, the tunnels were cold, cramped and often up to a foot deep in freezing water.
Tunnel entrances were most often at the bottom of deep shafts. From here, using the clay-kicking technique, the tunnels were aligned and given direction by the simple use of candlelight. They were built on a slight uphill gradient of between 1:100 and 1:50 to keep them as dry as possible. This meant that they were also vulnerable to the accumulation of gas at the digging face.
A clay-kicking team typically consisted of three men: a "Kicker" who worked at the face, a "Bagger" who filled sandbags with the lumps of clay spoil, and a "Trammer" who transported the bags out of the gallery on a small, rubber-tyred trolley on rails. The trolley was also employed to bring timber in on the return journey.
If the tunnel was long, the trammer was given extra assistants, to speed the exit of spoil and intake of timber. The team was responsible for its own safety, and would insert a 'sett' of wooden supports every . As no nails or screws could be used due to noise, the 'setts' (consisting of a sole, two legs and a cap), were sawn with a rebated step, which once trimmed into the clay, would expand with the absorbed water into a solid structure.
Working conditions.
Working in cold, cramped conditions, miners worked in 6 or 12 hour rotating shifts. Miners were prone to illness, with high rates of trench foot and bad food disease, while fatigue compounded the situation, creating a high mortality rate. The miners also had to cope with difficult circumstances when they entered the mining tunnels. Often the tunnels were dark, small and flooded with water. Tunnellers were billeted quite a long way back from the front line, while a regular Royal Navy-style rum ration was issued to keep out the cold.
Natural gases and gases given off as a result of explosions could ignite, poison or asphyxiate. The major problem gas for tunnellers was carbon monoxide, given off by all projectiles from shells to rifle bullets.
With the use of experienced miners, came the use of "miners friends" in the form of mice and later small birds, such as canaries. With a high metabolic rate, they were readily susceptible to gas, and issued to the Tunnelling Companies as an official item. When gas was present, their unconsciousness would alert miners to the need to evacuate. Although many animals died, they could recover on the surface, with at least one company keeping a record of the gassings so that their creatures did not have to endure more than three instances before being pensioned off to an aviary. The role of the miners friends are honoured on the Scottish National War Memorial in Edinburgh.
In extensive tunnelling systems, air-tight doors were introduced to control air flows.
Mine rescue.
Such was the reliance on mining during the early stages of the war, that eventually mining-related casualties became so great that the War Office decided something had to be done. The skilled mining volunteers were particularly hard to replace. In one six-week period, one tunnelling company had 16 men killed; 48 sent to hospital; and 86 minor cases treated at the shaft head and returned to company billets. Another company suffered 12 men killed by gas; 28 sent to hospital in one month; 60 minor cases were retained with the unit.
In response the affected mining units put out an urgent call for appropriate rescue equipment. Captain D Dale Logan was appointed advisor to GHQ in September 1915 on all matters connected with the health of the specially enlisted Tunnelling Companies.
In June 1915, Lance Corporal Arthur B. Clifford was made solely responsible for mine safety training. Sent to the front to train 3000 mine-rescue troops in a month, there were only 36 sets of 'PROTO' breathing equipment available in the whole of the United Kingdom. Clifford was based with the Royal Engineers at Strazeele, with a sub-station at Berguette. This became the first Army Mine-Rescue School. Clifford was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal in 1917 for what he had achieved.
From July 1916, under Logan's new organisation, the second Army Mine-Rescue School was established at Armentieres. This allowed the British to deploy a system of mines rescue, where no mining shaft was further than from a rescue station. Named after the kit they employed, Proto-men were hand-picked experienced miners, selected for coolness under pressure. Two men were on duty at all times, with additional access to 10 electric miners lamps, six canaries, four mobile cages, one saw, one hand axe, three life-lines, two mine stretchers, one trench stretcher, one Primus stove, two tins of café au lait, six hot water bottles and six blankets.
Underground fighting.
As a result of so much mining activity by both sides, detection and breakthrough into each other's tunnelling systems occurred frequently. The result was often the deployment of the emergency camouflet, a pre-prepared charge which was always ready in the British and Allied forces sectors when tunnelling was taking place. Vicious hand-to-hand fighting in the dark with picks, shovels and wood used as weapons might also take place. Although all miners were trained to use rifles, the restrictions of tunnel construction and the conditions of the tunnels where the miners had to operate often meant they could not be used. If the opposing side were unsuccessful in repelling an attack, then enemy tunnels could be used for short periods to observe enemy tunnelling activity and direction.
Counter tactics.
Listening.
Early tunnelling required a great deal of improvisation, as equipment was in short supply. This made tunnels shallow, the noise of digging being detectable using simple devices in the trenches, even amongst the gun-fire.
In the trenches, soldiers found that driving a stick into the ground and holding the other end between their teeth enabled them to feel any underground vibration. Another method involved sinking a water-filled oil drum into the floor of the trench, with lookout soldiers taking turns to lower an ear into the water to listen for vibrations. Improvised methods later included Water Board inspector short-sticks, each with a single vibrating wire-type earphone attached, or using filled French water-bottles laid flat on their sides in pairs, so they could be listened-to through medical stethoscopes.
Underground, within the tunnelling operations, side-shaft listening posts were deployed and manned by soldiers whose job entailed listening for indications that the enemy was tunnelling. Initially using just manual methods, the British were eventually equipped with the Geophone, which could detect noises up to away. Employing two Geophones, a listener was able to ascertain the direction of hostile activity by moving the sensors until sound levels were equal in both ears. A compass bearing was then taken. When gauging distance only, both earpieces were plugged into a single sensor; this was a skill only gained by experience.
Deploying listeners in different tunnels in triangulation techniques, by the end of 1916 the scale of British tunneling warfare had expanded to such an extent that there were not enough listeners to man every post; central listening stations were devised. Working electronically like a telephone exchange, the signals from up to 36 remote sensors (Tele-geophones and Seismomicrophones) could be distinguished and logged by just two men.
Underground tactics.
The tunnellers developed counter tactics, which both sides deployed. The first was the use of large mines placed in one's own tunnels – some actually dug towards enemy noise to create damage – which when exploded would create fissures and cracks in the ground, making the ground either unsuitable for tunnelling or destroying existing tunnels and works. A small device, called the camouflet, created a localised underground chamber designed not to break the surface and form craters, but to destroy a strictly limited area of underground territory – and its occupants.
The second tactic, deployed when the enemy tunnel was too close to your existing works or trenches, was the deployment of rod-fed torpedo shaped camouflet charges. Effectively land mines on the end of long iron sticks, the technique was a defensive tactic against an immediate threat. Towards the end of the tunnel war, forces also deployed mines at greater depths, which together with listening devices could be exploded away from friendly trenches as a defensive measure.
British advantages.
The British tunnellers had three advantages over their German counterparts, the Pioniere:
Firstly, the British used clay-kicking which was a virtually silent method of tunnelling. The Germans did not know of this technique, having not used it in their pre-war civil engineering, and thus used mattocks (a type of pick-axe) and other loud tools throughout the war. This made their tunnels more vulnerable to detection and attack.
Secondly, the use of clay-kicking made the British four times as fast at tunnel digging as their German counterparts.
Thirdly, British positions were most often located in low-lying areas, while German positions tended to be more elevated. Although this made the British more vulnerable to shelling, it also meant that British tunnellers had less of the soft quicksand-like 'Kemmel Sands' (known to the Germans as "schwimmsands"), an integral component of the geological make-up of the ridges around Ieper (Ypres), to penetrate. While the bottom blue clay layer was virtually flat, as was the Kemmel Sands that sat on top of it, there was a dry strata which varied above this which created the geographical contours. This varying dry strata increased pressure on the Kemmel Sands, which unable to egress water below them, made them wet and unstable. When punctured, the Kemmel Sands would often "spout" under pressure, both water and solid material. Difficult to dig through and keep the mining wooden structure stable, the Germans, assuming that the British had the same instability problem, dug few tunnels until 1916. The British found an engineering solution by creating a metal tube through the Kemmel Sands. Sunk either through its own weight or by the use of hydraulic jacks, once the blue clay layer was hit, the tunnelling could again resume under wooden supports.
The British used tube shafts from May 1915, a full year before the Germans, who when they did start to use metal and concrete tunnels, had lost the strategic advantage and were digging purely for defensive purposes.
Operations.
Tunnelling companies were not popular amongst the ordinary troops. Knowing such a unit was nearby made them nervous:
The first British mine to be detonated was at Hill 60 on 10 April 1915. Mines were also used at The Bluff, St Eloi, the Battle of Aubers Ridge in May 1915; Hooge, Givenchy, Cuinchy and the Battle of Loos in September 1915.
Battle of Mont Sorrel.
Hooge, a small village in the Ypres Salient in Flanders, was the site of a château which changed hands a number of times. Used as the Divisional Headquarters for the area, the staff at the château from the 1st and 2nd Divisions were all killed when the château was shelled on 31 October 1914.
German forces attacked the château between 24 May and 3 June 1915 and despite the detonation of a British mine by the 3rd Division, leaving a massive crater, took control of the château and the surrounding area on 30 July. The château and the crater (craters being strategically important in relatively flat countryside), were taken by the British 6th Division on 9 August. It was reclaimed by the Germans on 16 June 1916 and retaken by the British on 31 July 1917 when the 8th Division managed to advance past it by about a mile. The Germans retook the site in April 1918 as part of the Spring Offensive but were expelled from the area by the British on 28 September as the offensive faltered. The chateau was completely destroyed along with the entire village; several large craters were blown over the course of the 1917 fighting.
Battle of the Somme.
When the Battle of the Somme started on 1 July 1916, the plan was to detonate ten mines, the northernmost of which was that under the Hawthorn Ridge Redoubt, a front-line fortification west of the village of Beaumont Hamel. The other two were the Lochnagar mine and the Y Sap mine at La Boisselle. The Hawthorn Ridge Redoubt mine, which consisted of of explosives, was the first to be detonated. The plan was to detonate the remainder at 7:28 am, two minutes before Zero hour, when the infantry advance would begin, but a compromise was reached with Lieutenant-General Aylmer Hunter-Weston, whose VIII Corps was holding the Hawthorn Ridge sector, enabling him to explode the mine at 07:20. This led to the successful filming of the explosion by British cinematographer Geoffrey Malins, who was filming the 29th Division's attack. He had his camera set up about away, trained on the ridge and waiting for the explosion.
Tunnelling units involved in the Battle of the Somme were the 174th, 178th, 179th, 181st, 183rd, and 252nd companies.
Battle of Messines.
In January 1917, General Sir Herbert Plumer, gave orders for mines to be placed under the German lines in preparation for the Battle of Messines.
From 1915, British engineers started digging, but it was not until the winter of 1916 when they were joined by Canadian, Australian and New Zealand engineers, that mass tunnelling started under the German trenches. Twenty-two mines were dug, some up to long and up to deep, altogether containing 600 tonnes of ammonal explosive. To solve the problem of wet soil, the tunnels were dug in the layer of "blue clay", 80–120 feet (25–30 m) below the surface. The galleries dug in order to lay these mines eventually totalled over in length, and had been constructed in the face of tenacious German counter-mining.
On several occasions, German tunnellers were within yards of large British mine "chambers." The mine at Petite Douve Farm was discovered by the Germans on 24 August 1916 and destroyed by a counter-mine. Two mines close to Ploegsteert Wood were not exploded as they were outside the attack area.
As preparation for the attack, six mines were detonated on 27 March 1916. The largest of these was at St Eloi, dug by the 1st Canadian Tunnelling Company, consisting of of explosive. This allowed the capture of St Eloi by the British 41st Division.
This choice reduced the total explosive to 450 tonnes. The evening before the attack, General Plumer remarked to his staff, "Gentlemen, we may not make history tomorrow, but we shall certainly change the geography."
With doubts about the reliability of the system, (some mines had been lying underground for over a year), soldiers waiting in the trenches had been warned that they could not depend absolutely on the mines working as planned, so their orders were to leave their trenches and attack whether the mines exploded or not. The explosion of the mines took place at 03:10 on 7 June. Approximately 10,000 German troops were killed when the 19 mines were simultaneously detonated, creating an explosion so loud it was heard by British Prime Minister David Lloyd George in his study in 10 Downing Street in London. There is even a report of an insomniac student hearing it in University College, Dublin.
The largest of the 19 Messines mines was at Spanbroekmolen. Found and counter-mined by the Germans a few weeks before the attack, the British were forced to dig a second entrance tunnel into the already prepared explosive chamber, (which consisted of 41 tons of ammonal explosive below ground), to reconnect the detonation wires. Although tested fully just a few hours before the attack, officers used torch batteries to prove the circuits. As instructed, soldiers of the 36th (Ulster) Division had already left their trenches and begun to move across No-Man's Land when the mine exploded a few seconds late, leading to some being killed by falling debris. They are buried in Lone Tree cemetery nearby. The "Lone Tree Crater" formed by the blast was approximately in diameter, and deep.
The 1st Australian Tunnelling Company took over mining operations in November 1916 on Hill 60, led in part by Capt. Oliver Holmes Woodward. The explosion demolished a large part of the hill, killing many German soldiers.
The British intended to dismantle the two remaining mines, but the Third Battle of Ypres delayed operations, after the Germans overran the group headquarters their location was lost. On 17 July 1955, a lightning strike set-off one of the remaining mines. There were no human casualties, but one cow was killed and some local property damage was sustained. The 21st cache was never found, and there are still several tonnes of high explosive buried somewhere under the Belgian countryside. A memorial to the Australian mining troops killed at Hill 60 during the course of the war was later placed at the site.
Battle of Vimy Ridge.
In preparation for the Battle of Vimy Ridge between 9 and 12 April 1917, the British XVII Corps, commanded by Lieutenant-General Sir Julian Byng, relieved the French Tenth Army in the sector in February 1916, permitting the French to expand their operations at Verdun. The British soon discovered that German tunnelling companies had taken advantage of the relative calm on the surface to build an extensive network of tunnels and deep mines from which they could attack French positions. The Royal Engineers immediately deployed specialist tunnelling companies along the front to combat the German mining operations. In response to increased British mining, German artillery and trench mortar fire intensified in early May 1916. On 21 May 1916, after shelling both forward trenches and divisional artillery positions from no less than 80 out-of-sight batteries on the reverse slope of the ridge, German infantry attacked the British lines along a front in an effort to eject them from positions along the ridge. The Germans successfully captured several British-controlled tunnels and mine craters before halting their advance and consolidating their positions. The Germans grew uneasy about the proximity of the British positions to the top of the ridge, particularly after the increase in British tunnelling and counter-mining activities. Small counter-attacks by units of the 140th and 141st British Brigades, 47th (1/2nd London) Division, took place on 22 May, but did not manage to change the situation. The Canadian Corps relieved the British IV Corps stationed along the western slopes of Vimy Ridge in October 1916.
Other operations.
Another example is recorded in Louis Trenker's "Mountains on Fire". Whole mountain peaks in the Alps were exploded during the mountain war. Col di Lana, Lagazuoi and Marmolata, were a few examples.
End of mining operations.
From Spring 1917 the whole war became more mobile, with grand offensives at the Battles of Arras, Messines and Passchendaele, there was no longer a place for a tactic that depended upon total immobility for its employment. As the tactics and counter-tactics required deeper and deeper tunnelling, (hence more time and requiring more stable front lines), offensive and defensive military mining largely ceased.
Underground work continued, with the tunnellers concentrating on deep dugouts for troop accommodation, safe from the larger shells being deployed.
According to the original trench maps, hospitals, mess rooms, chapels, kitchens, workshops, blacksmiths, as well as bedrooms where exhausted soldiers could rest, were hewn from the blue-clay and stone. Connected by corridors measuring 6 ft 6in high by 4 ft wide, they were fitted with water pumps which, when the troops left within weeks of the war ending, were slowly submerged. The developments at Hill 60 housed 3,000 men, those near Hooge 1,000. A brigade headquarters at the Vampire dugout near Zonnebeke, was captured and occupied by the Germans in their Spring Offensive in 1918, before being retaken in September. The level of activity can be gauged by the fact that during 1917 and 1918, more people lived underground in the Ypres area than reside in the town today.
Battle of Arras.
In preparation for the Battle of Arras in 1917, the Royal Engineers had been working underground from October 1916, constructing tunnels for the troops. The Arras region is chalky and therefore easily excavated; under Arras itself there is a vast network of caverns (called the "boves"), which consist of underground quarries, galleries and sewage tunnels. The engineers devised a plan to add new tunnels to this network so that troops could arrive at the battlefield in secrecy and in safety. The scale of this undertaking was enormous: in one sector alone four Tunnel Companies (of 500 men each) worked around the clock in 18-hour shifts for two months.
The British attack plan was well developed, drawing on the lessons of the Somme and Verdun in the previous year. Rather than attacking on an extended front, the full weight of artillery fire would be concentrated on a relatively narrow stretch of . The barrage was planned to last about a week at all points on the line, with a much longer and heavier bombardment at Vimy to weaken its strong defences. During the assault, the troops would advance in open formation, with units leapfrogging each other in order to allow them time to consolidate and regroup. Before the action could be undertaken, a great deal of preparation was required, much of it innovative.
To assist the attack, the Royal Engineers constructed of tunnels, graded as "subways" (foot traffic only); "tramways" (with rails for hand-drawn trollies for taking ammunition to the line and bringing casualties back); and "railways" (a light railway system). Just before the assault the tunnel system had grown big enough to conceal 24,000 men, with electric lighting provided by its own small powerhouse, as well as kitchens, latrines and a medical centre with a fully equipped operating theatre. The bulk of the work was done by New Zealanders, including Maori and Pacific Islanders from the New Zealand (Māori) Pioneer Battalion, and Bantams from the mining towns of Northern England.
Assault tunnels were also dug, stopping a few yards short of the German line, ready to be blown open by explosives on Zero-Day. In addition to this, conventional mines were dug under the front lines, ready to be blown immediately before the assault. Many were never detonated for fear that they would churn up the ground too much. In the meantime, German sappers were actively conducting their own underground operations, seeking out Allied tunnels to assault and counter-mine. Of the New Zealanders alone, 41 died and 151 were wounded as a result of German counter-mining.
Today, most of the tunnels and trenches are off-limits to the public for reasons of safety. A 250 metre portion of the Grange Subway at Vimy Ridge is open to the public from May to November and the Wellington tunnel was opened to the public as the Carrière Wellington museum in March 2008.
Second Battle of Passchendaele.
In preparation for the Second Battle of Passchendaele, as early as the 17 October, assault units were given all available details about the German defences in their respective sectors, in order to facilitate early planning. Intelligence officers and artillery observers worked jointly in observation posts recording newly built German fortifications as well as those that had previously escaped notice, permitting the artillery to take necessary action before the offensive. To improve the logistical movement of artillery and supplies an extensive programme of road building was started. Ten field companies, seven tunnelling companies, four army troop companies and nine battalions were put to work repairing or extending existing plank roads. From the middle of October until the end of the offensive, a total of of double plank road and more than of heavy tram line was constructed in the Canadian Corps area. Brigadier General Edward Morrison, commanding the artillery, also secured permission to use the roads to the rear for withdrawing disabled guns for repair.
Remains and memorial.
Many of the largest craters have been left, often too large to fill-in, even today. The largest crater on the Western Front, the Lochnagar Crater, had been left for 50 years, but it had begun to be used by motorbikers and as a rubbish dump. Privately purchased in 1979, it is now a recognized 1914–1918 historic battlefield site.
The RE Grave Railway Wood Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery was founded by Commonwealth troops in November 1915 and remained in use until August 1917. It commemorates the eight men of the 177th Tunnelling Company, Royal Engineers, and the four assistant infantrymen who were killed whilst tunnelling under the hill. Their bodies were left in situ, beneath the hill on which the memorial now stands.
Operations since WW I.
Because World War II troop movements were too fluid, and tunnelling too slow, mining proved not to be worth the investment of effort.
Awards.
Two members of the Tunnellers Companies were awarded the Victoria Cross:
Sapper William Hackett 254 Tunnelling Company, Royal Engineers awarded posthumously for helping his fellow miners when a tunnel collapsed at Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée, France on 26 June 1916. His medal is held by the Royal Engineers Museum and he is commemorated at the Tunnellers Memorial
Captain Coulson Norman Mitchell, of No 1 Tunnelling Company, 4th Canadian Engineers Royal Canadian Engineers for preventing the demolition of bridges on the Canal de I'Escaut, north-east of Cambrai on 8–9 October 1918. His medal is held by the Canadian Military Engineers Museum, CFB Gagetown, New Brunswick.
External links.
'Born Fighters: Who were the Tunnellers?' Conference paper by Simon Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20114271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114271" title="Dispetto">
Dispetto

Dispetto is the fourteenth album by Gianna Nannini, released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20114277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114277" title="Inishkea Islands">
Inishkea Islands

The Inishkea Islands (Goose Islands, Irish: "Inis Gé") are situated off the coast of the Mullet peninsula in Ireland. There are two main islands - Inishkea North and Inishkea South. The islands lie between Inishglora to their north and Duvillaun to their south, off the Mullet's west coast, and offer some protection to the mainland coast from the power of the eastern Atlantic Ocean. The underlying rock of the Inishkea Island is that of gneiss and schist, the same as that on the Mullet. The islands are relatively low lying and are covered in machair. Fine white sand is found everywhere, often blown into drifts by the strong winds especially along the beach beside the harbour where it fills the houses of the abandoned village. The sea surrounding the islands is crystal clear. The inhabitants of both Inishkea North and South left the islands in the 1930s after most of their young men died at sea in a storm. 
History.
The islands are little known outside of the local area but are well known by fishermen who use the island harbour regularly. There are regular trips from Falmore on the mainland to the islands when weather permits and after a trip taking about half-an-hour, the boat ties up at the pier right beside the pure white sandy beach lined with little ruined cottages, some of them with slate and galvanised roofs and in habitable condition (these being used by surveyors etc. doing work on the islands). Sand has taken its toll on most of the buildings with the floors covered in several feet of white sand blown in from the beach. The island is inhabited by donkeys and many sheep.
The earliest evidence of settlement on the island goes back at least 5,000 years and the islands have numerous archaeological sites from the Neolithic and several Early Christian monastic sites. Early Christian sites dating from the sixth to the tenth centuries are found on most of the Erris islands including Duvillaun and Inishglora. 
A well known archaeologist, Francoise Henri visited these offshore islands in the 1930s and again in the 1950s. On Inishkea North (which is less visited than the south island) are the ruins of St. Colmcille's Church, the Bailey Mór, Bailey Beag and Bailey Dóite, small circular areas which contained beehive huts, used by monks in the Early Christian period. On the south island is a tall cross inscribed slab and to its west, the foundations of a small church. Inishkea must have been an important centre in the Early Christian period.
In 1927, the men from the islands were night fishing in the clear waters which surround the islands and a sudden violent storm blew up which caught them unawares. Some of the currachs managed to reach home but several failed to get back and one was reputed to have been taken all the way in and thrown up on the mainland with its crew unharmed. In the morning, it was discovered that several currachs and ten young fishermen had been lost. The island community was devastated and a few years later the community was rehoused, mostly on the Mullet Peninsula. The few who had miraculous escapes often related the tale of that fateful night. The last survivor, Pat Reilly, died aged 101 in 2008. The islands had a number of owners including the Barretts, who were a Norman family, the McCormacks who were given the island by King James I and finally the O’Donnells of Newport who took control of them in the 18th century. It is believed by many historians that the islands were abandoned in the Middle Ages before being re-inhabited in the 17th century.
Whaling and shellfish.
IN 1908, a Norwegian whaling station was established on Rusheen a small island, a short distance away from the south Iniskea island which is connected to the south island when the tide goes out. Environmental rules and regulations in Norway at the time meant that a lot of the whaling stations there had to be closed down and moved to other countries, like Ireland, where the regulations were not as strict. The industry was short-lived as it lasted only ten years, but it employed a number of local people in difficult times. The presence of the station caused tension between north and south islands, because it is said that all the jobs went to the south islanders and the north islanders were left with just the foul smell from the station.
The whale industry on the Inishkeas did not begin and end at the beginning of the 20th century. Sperm whales were a common sight off the coast during the Middle Ages and the most important product at the time to come from the sperm whale was its vomit. The vomit was hugely valuable because when it was washed ashore it had a sweet scent and was sold as perfume and medicine. It was traded in the 17th century from the coast of Connacht through Galway to Spain and onto the spice markets of Cairo and Baghdad where he said it was worth a ‘small fortune’.
In 1946, French archaeologist Francoise Henry excavated evidence of a 7th-century AD dye workshop on Inishkea North where the monks in an early Christian Monastery were producing it from the shells of the dog whelk The dye fetched high prices at the time it was in high demand.
One letter in the Book of Kells would take 500 shells to get enough colour to decorate it. Purple was very important because in early Irish laws only the royalty could wear purple. The tradition came from the Roman tradition, who took it from the Greeks, who borrowed that tradition from the Phoenicians.
Famine and piracy.
During the Irish Famine (1845/47), the people on the Inishkea islands were not immune. Like most places in the west of Ireland, the pattern of lazy beds can be seen on the island wherever there was enough soil to sow potatoes, even on the outer reaches near the cliff edge. While the lack of shelter would have made conditions too harsh for potatoes to flourish, the threat of starvation meant that every option had to be tried. However, unlike other areas of the west coast, the famine did not affect the Inishkeas as badly as the mainland. While the population on the mainland fell dramatically during the famine years, it was the opposite on the Inishkea islands because it would appear that potato blight was confined to the mainland. The prevailing winds would have kept the blight off the islands to a degree. The islanders also had the tradition of fishing. 
It is alleged that the inhabitants were always vigorously and actively engaged in piracy from the island. They were attacking and robbing boats passing west of them. “This was the whole island and operation was highly organised, robbing the boats, taking the cargo and distributing it across the island. Wrecking was common along the west coast so the authorities had to deploy Royal Naval ships to stamp it out and there were islanders shot and killed as they attacked the passing vessels. The deliberate wrecking was an alternative enterprise because in the areas along the west coast there was no regulation. However, when coastguards were posted to coastal sites in the latter part of the 19th century, they were despised and hated and they were a disaster, economically, for these islands because they stamped out wrecking and smuggling.
The Godstone.
In 1940 English author T. H. White visited the islands and learned the tale of a local artefact named the Godstone or Naomhóg. This, a modestly sized stone object had been an item of veneration, credited by the inhabitants of the islands with the powers of calming weather, speeding growth of potatoes, and quelling fire. The stone had allegedly been cast into the sea sometime in the 19th century upon the urging of one Fr. O'Reilly. White set out to find out what else he could learn.
His discoveries - which include pirates, the theft of the stone from North I. to South Inishkea by islanders jealous of its potato-growing properties, a thrice (or once) annual re-clothing ceremony and the niche in the wall of a south Inishkea hut where the Naomhóg had formerly resided - is contained in White's book The Godstone and the Blackymor, which was based upon his contemporary journal.
Flora and fauna.
THE Inishkea islands are home to large numbers of Atlantic Grey seals and the coves and beaches across the islands are the largest breeding colonies for grey seals in Ireland.
Over 300 pups are born annually on the islands, compared to just 150-180 in the mid-1990s. However, when pups are born they can’t go into the sea for the first ten days and there is a high mortality rate with only 50 per cent of pups expected to survive the first year.
While the seals are a protected species, there have been instances of them being culled by fishermen in the past because they bite at fish caught in nets. In the early 1980s over 120 seals and pups were killed on the beaches of the islands but the numbers gradually recovered over the last number of years.
The islands are also home to a number of bird species- the geese of the island's name are barnacle geese. In addition, the islands have wheatears, rock pipits and fulmars. Lapwing breed on the island and peregrine falcons hunt for prey. There is evidence of rabbits on the island.
The islands have no trees and is composed almost entirely of machair with outcrops of rock. They are crisscrossed by a number of stone walls that provide some shelter for nesting birds.

</doc>
<doc id="20114283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114283" title="Katund i Ri">
Katund i Ri

Katund i Ri is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114304" title="The Dark Defender">
The Dark Defender

"The Dark Defender" is the fifth episode of the second season and seventeenth overall episode of the American television drama series "Dexter", which first aired on 28 October 2007 on Showtime in the United States. The episode was written by Timothy Schlattmann and was directed by Keith Gordon. 
In the episode, Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) investigates a crime scene in a comic book store where he sees a poster of The Dark Defender, a character inspired by Dexter's own crimes under the guise of the "Bay Harbor Butcher", who is currently under investigation in his own police department. After he dreams that The Dark Defender saved his mother's life when he was young, Dexter's Narcotics Anonymous sponsor Lila Tournay (Jaime Murray) encourages him to seek closure by confronting one of his mother's killers, Santos Jimenez (Tony Amendola). Meanwhile, Dexter's sister Debra (Jennifer Carpenter) suspects that her new boyfriend Gabriel (Dave Baez) is using her to write a book about her engagement to the first season's "Ice Truck Killer".
Schlattmann was inspired to set the homicide case in a comic book store when he realized that an Aquaman snow globe on his desk "could easily be a murder weapon". When he visited comic book artist Tone Rodriguez to draw and render the poster of The Dark Defender, comic book writer Dan Wickline was also at Rodriguez's studio, and so Schlattmann arranged for the two to have cameo appearances in the episode. The episode was filmed in Los Angeles, California though set in Miami, Florida. "The Dark Defender" was praised by critics and Schlattmann was nominated for Writers Guild of America Award for his script. The episode was also submitted as "Dexter"s sample episode to determine the nominees for Outstanding Drama Series at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards; though nominated, the series didn't win.
Plot.
While drinking coffee with his sister Debra, Dexter is called to a murder scene at a comic book store. Talking to a witness about the victim, a shopkeeper who had been bludgeoned to the head with a snow globe, he sees a poster of The Dark Defender, a vigilante killer based on the Bay Harbor Butcher. Later, at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting, Dexter falls asleep and dreams about the death of his mother, Laura Moser (Katherine Kirkpatrick). In the dream, he enters the cargo container where she was killed, dressed in The Dark Defender's cloak, and beats his mother's murderers to the ground, saving her. When he tells his sponsor Lila about his dream, she tells him that he must confront them to seek closure. He and Lila travel to Naples, Florida where one of the three men, Santos Jimenez, is alive and running a tavern. Having been warned by his girlfriend Rita Bennett's mother Gail (JoBeth Williams) to leave Rita (Julie Benz) and her children alone, Dexter tells Rita that he is going away while Gail is visiting. Leaving Lila in their motel room, he goes to Jimenez's bar and waits until all of the patrons have left. Dexter tries to explain to Jimenez how he feels, but Jimenez takes out a baseball bat and threatens to beat him. In response, Dexter disarms and brutally beats him, revealing his past to Jimenez as one of the boys he left in his mother's blood. Jimenez tells Dexter that his mother was killed because she was not only a narcotics informant to Harry Morgan (James Remar)—Dexter's adoptive father and a police officer—but also his lover. Dexter punches Jimenez and is close to killing him when Lila phones and he tells her that he is about to "use". Thinking that he is about to use drugs, she urges him not to go any further, because "using" will only leave him empty and alone inside. He returns to the motel, leaving Jimenez unconscious in the bar, and falls asleep in Lila's lap, distraught and completely drained.
When the morning comes, Lila tells Dexter of why she went into rehab. She had been dating a man who introduced her to methamphetamine, a drug that she became very addicted to. But when her boyfriend broke up with her, Lila set his former house on fire after getting high. But later on, she would find out that her boyfriend was squatting inside the house, and had been burned alive. Dexter asks her if she thinks that he was bad and deserved to die, something that Lila silently agrees to. Comforting her now, Dexter tells her "It's okay then."
Debra is insecure in her relationship with Gabriel because her ex-fiancé Brian Moser, the "Ice Truck Killer", kidnapped and tried to kill her. When she looks through Gabriel's e-mail, she sees that he has sent a book titled "The Ice Princess" to a number of publishers. She assumes that the book is about her and angrily breaks up with him. Discussing the break-up with FBI Special Agent Frank Lundy (Keith Carradine), he gives her the background check that he had run on Gabriel, revealing that Gabriel is a children's writer, and Debra realizes that "The Ice Princess" is a children's book.
When Dexter visits Rita the next morning, Gail—who suspects that he is hiding something—announces that she will be staying in Miami and will live with Rita. Dexter realizes that he must protect his secrets, so he begins by cleaning his boat that night with a black light to detect any blood. He is unaware that the marina is being videotaped by the Miami-Metro Police, who believe that the Bay Harbor Butcher may be keeping his boat at that marina.
Production.
Schlattmann thought to write the comic book store homicide storyline when he picked up the Aquaman snow globe in his office and thought, "'Wow, this thing could easily be a murder weapon," because of its weight and its edge. The writers wanted to use the actual Aquaman globe but DC Comics would not allow the character and the snow globe to be used in the episode, so the "Dexter" art department custom-made a snow globe. The superhero's name ultimately became "Mariner" as other names including "Sea King" and "King of the Seas" could not be used for legal reasons. Trademark and copyright clearances was again an issue when finding a name for the superhero based on the Bay Harbor Butcher. "The Eradicator" and "Judge Justice" were considered, but the final choice was "The Dark Defender". Cerone said that the name was "a little on the generic side, but it was one we could clear." He said that The Dark Defender was in part an homage to "" and to Dexter's Dark Passenger, featured in Jeff Lindsay's series of "Dexter" novels on which the television series is based. On the poster, The Dark Defender, though hooded, was drawn with a smile to resemble Michael C. Hall. The poster was rendered by comic artist Tone Rodriguez, with whom Schlattmann had previously worked on a screenplay in development at 20th Century Fox. When Schlattmann visited Rodriguez's studio in Los Angeles to discuss the art, comic book writer Dan Wickline was also there. Schlattmann thought that "by including the two of them, we could make things a bit more special and add some credibility to the show". Wickline played the dead comic book shopkeeper, while Rodriguez played the prime suspect for the murder. The Dark Defender character also lent its name to a series of highly stylized "Dexter" webisodes, recapping Dexter's victims of the second season.
The scenes at the marina where Dexter keeps his boat, Coral Cove, were filmed at the Leeward Bay Marina in Los Angeles' Wilmington neighborhood, in spite of the show's Miami setting. The episode opens in a coffee bar at Coral Cove Marina, which was filmed at Leeward Bay's floating diner, the Chowder Barge. One of the empty barns at Long Beach, California's Shoreline Village was set up as the comic book store. Doakes and LaGuerta discuss the homicide case while standing on the Shoreline Village boardwalk, and the Village car park was used to film Doakes and LaGuerta's stake out.
Reception.
Eric Goldman of IGN called "The Dark Defender" "a very satisfying episode of the show" and thought that "so far cast and crew are doing a very good job" of replicating the tension seen in the first season. He was impressed by Dexter's discoveries about his birth mother and adoptive father, but called Debra's romance with Gabriel a "less successful" storyline. Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Tom O'Neil called the episode a "standout" because of the parts of Dexter's past that it explored. He stated that, for regular viewers, "this episode is a real knockout", but for unfamiliar viewers, "this whole Dark Defender bit might look pretty corny". TV Squad's Keith McDuffee believed the revelation of Laura's affair with Harry to be "certainly the most shocking moment of the episode", and thought that "One of the brilliant moments of the season so far was Dexter going after one of his mom's killers." Paula Paige of "TV Guide" called Dexter's monologue about his hollowness "very moving". She thought that his confrontation with his mother's killer "may have been one of the best shot in the whole series". "Blogcritics" Ray Ellis praised the "razor-sharp sense of humor" seen in the episode and thought that "In a season of mostly dreary, bland series, "Dexter" remains the most daring show on television." Dexter and Jimenez's confrontation was named Hall's best scene by "Variety" critic Stuart Levine.
In a short recap of seasons 1 and 2 in "Film Quarterly", J. M. Tyree called "The Dark Defender" season 2's "most intriguing episode", and compared Dexter to Batman:
When the identities of the Butcher's victims are revealed to be murderers, the public applauds him, elevating Dexter to the status of a folktale avenger or comic-book anti-hero. And indeed Rita excoriates him for disappearing at night "like Clark fucking Kent," but the FBI describes the Butcher as more like one's own "personal Batman." Batman is an apt comparison, although Dexter prefers to violate Batman's aversion to killing. Both live outside the law, "part human, part mutant," as Dexter puts it. Both cling to an ethos riddled with perplexities and contradictions. Visiting a comic-book shop, Dexter find himself transformed on a handmade superhero poster from Butcher into The Dark Defender, a protector of the city and the executioner of its predators. Vigilantes simultaneously share territory with cops and outlaws, they break the law in the hopes of helping society. ... Dexter describes being "half sick with the thrill, the complete wrongness," when the "dark passenger" inside him takes command.
Schlattmann was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for his work on this episode in the Episodic Drama category. "The Dark Defender" was submitted to the Primetime Emmy Awards judging panel to determine nominees for the Outstanding Drama Series award; "Dexter" was one of the top ten candidates and became one of the 6 series nominated for the award. The episode was also unsuccessfully submitted for Emmys for Outstanding Writing (Timothy Schlattmann) and Outstanding Directing (Keith Gordon) in a Drama Series.
External links.
"* The Dark Defender" at Showtime's website

</doc>
<doc id="20114323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114323" title="Else (Werre)">
Else (Werre)

The Else is a left tributary of the river Werre in the northeast of North Rhine-Westphalia and in southern Lower Saxony. The Else is a distributary of the river Hase and begins at a river bifurcation near Melle.
Origin.
The River Else does not have a source but originates at a hydrological phenomenon known as a river bifurcation. The bifurcation is near Gesmold (part of the borough of Melle) in Lower Saxony, where the river Else branches off the river Hase (at Hase river kilometre 158.9). The bifurcation may have been created or established artificially; or at least maintained artificially. This is however unclear. In history there were disputes over the distribution of water that was able to be controlled by man-made means. For example, the entire water flow could be diverted either into the River Hase or River Werre during conflicts. Today the Hase loses a third of the its water mass at the bifurcation. The Hase flows northwest to the Ems, while the Else flows east to the Weser.
Course.
The River Else flows slowly through the Ravensberg Hills and through the wetlands known as the Else meadows ("Elseauen"). The Else and Werre valleys, which were formed during the ice age, are bordered in the south by the Teutoburg Forest and in the north by the ridge of the Wiehen Hills.
After the bifurcation in Melle the river flows east into North Rhine-Westphalia, passing the state border at river kilometre 19.2 and crossing Rödinghausen and Bünde, before discharging, after a distance of approximately 35 km, into the Werre near the eastern edge of Kirchlengern. The Werre swings east at its mouth by almost 90°, thus aligning itself with the west-to-eastern course of the Else.
The River Else passes under the A 30 federal motorway three times (at Gesmold (km 33), at Bruchmühlen (km 22) and at Bünde (km 15). The Else Valley Bridge crosses the river at Kirchlengern. The Else is dammed several times along its length. A particularly large number of weirs is located on the lower reaches between Bünde and its mouth; the Else's velocity here is controlled over a short distance by 4 weirs.
Tributaries.
Designated tributaries, which flow into river Else or the parallel led river Neue Else are (from bifurcation to mouth):
"(L/R; KM): Left right supply, with river kilometer, delta with km 0)"
Watershed.
The watershed of river Else has a size of 414,6 km². In the watershed approximately live 100,000 people.
The following municipalities lie at river Else:
In addition to the watershed lie totally or partly:
Nature reserve.
On the North-Rhine/Westphalian side there are two adjacent nature reserves with the same name of "Elseaue" ("Else water meadows") with a total area of . The reserves were established in 1994 and 1995. The area lies north of the Else and south of the railway line from Löhne to Osnabrück along a 3.5 km long section of the river. The area is protected, because it is a near-natural floodplain in the middle of the intensively farmed Ravensberg Land. On the floodplain, the remnants of former river courses of the Else may be recognized. The floodplain is largely turned over to grassland with flood banks. The steep river banks, up to 3m high, are a haven for the kingfisher.
Tourism.
In Bünde there is an association for canoe sports. Due to its good water quality, fishing in always possible in the river. In addition the Else-Werre cycle way on the river continues to lead along and of the delta into the Werre up to the Weser.

</doc>
<doc id="20114326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114326" title="Instrumentalism (disambiguation)">
Instrumentalism (disambiguation)

Instrumentalism is a non-realist philosophy of science which holds that scientific theories are instruments. Instrumentalism may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114334" title="Formosa Youth">
Formosa Youth

Formosa Youth (寶島少年 "Báodǎo Shàonián", lit. "Taiwan Teenager") is a weekly Chinese language manga magazine created by Tong Li Publishing for Taiwan. "Formosa Youth" features various series from the Japanese language manga magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump". The "Formosa Youth" magazine translates "Weekly Shōnen Jump" manga up to date. A sister publication of "Formosa Youth" is "Dragon Youth Comic" (龍少年 "Lóng Shàonián"), which specializes in local manhua.
History.
In 1977, the Tong Li company was created and founded by Fang Wan-Nan which created bootlegs, this ended in 1992 when a law in Taiwan restricted the act of bootlegging all manga. During 1992, Tong Li created many manga and manhua magazines, "New Youth Bulletin", "Youth Comic", "Margaret", "Dragon Youth Comic", and "Formosa Youth". Some series like "One Piece" and "Hikaru no Go" were first published in the manga/manhua magazine "Hot Youth Top" (熱門少年TOP) by Daran Publishing, but when Daran Publishing went bankrupt in 2003, those series were transferred into "Formosa Youth".

</doc>
<doc id="20114343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114343" title="Rrashbull">
Rrashbull

Rrashbull or Rashbull is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114345" title="National Youth Jazz Festival">
National Youth Jazz Festival

The National Arts Festival has been running in Grahamstown (Eastern Cape, South Africa www.nafest.co.za ) since 1974, and is the world’s second-largest single cultural festival, attracting performers in all art forms from around South Africa and all over the world.
It attracts a heterogeneous audience of over 140 000 from around the country, who cram into what is normally a small settler town best known for its academic and legal institutions. Performance venues are thus created in any available venue (school and church halls etc.) and accommodation is at a premium.
History.
The Jazz Festival—sponsored by Standard Bank—has been running since 1989, and the Standard Bank National Youth Jazz Festival (NYJF) has been in existence since 1991. The two festivals now run as a single entity, organised by the same administrative team.
The Standard Bank Jazz Festival runs for the full 10 days of the National Arts Festival in a variety of jazz styles. The festival incorporates the Standard Bank National Youth Jazz Festival for the first six days to bring together more than three hundred young jazz musicians, thirty-five jazz educators and eighty jazz performers from around the world. 
Intention.
The intention of the festival is to develop South African jazz by:
1) providing educational opportunities for young players.
2) encouraging artistic integrity and creativity on the Main Stage.
3) creating a forum for South African musicians to network with peers from around the country and with foreign musicians.
4) providing audiences with interesting, quality jazz.
The festival lasts nearly a week, incorporating jazz performance, rehearsals, workshops, lectures, networking and an opportunity for South Africa’s future jazz stars to interact personally and musically with their peers and other performers.
The festival has hosted many of South Africa’s leading jazz musicians over the past 16 years, as well as musicians and teachers from Argentina, Australia, Austria, Britain, Canada, Costa Rica, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Israel, Mexico, Mozambique, The Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, the US and Zimbabwe.
South African jazz students audition for places in the Standard Bank National Schools Big Band and the National Youth Jazz Band (NYJB). The NYJB performs regularly at festivals around South Africa—Grahamstown, Cape Town, Johannesburg, Durban—and has performed in New York, Sweden and the North Sea Jazz Festival, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20114357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114357" title="Liz Anderson discography">
Liz Anderson discography

This article presents the discography of country music singer-songwriter, Liz Anderson.
Albums.
Children's holiday albums.
All albums were released under Showboat Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20114360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114360" title="MTC Namibia PGA Championship">
MTC Namibia PGA Championship

The MTC Namibia PGA Championship is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour. It was founded in 2004, the year after the PGA of Namibia was formed, and played at the Windhoek Country Club, to the south of Windhoek, Namibia until 2009 when it moved to Rossmund Golf Club in Swakopmund. After not being played in 2010, it moved back to Windhoek in 2011.
In 2008, the event was played over 72 holes for the first time, having previously been contested over just three rounds, with a prize fund of 1 million rand, making it the richest event on the winter swing of the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20114362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114362" title="Gjepalaj">
Gjepalaj

Gjepalaj is a municipality in the Durrës District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114391" title="Indoor cycling at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games">
Indoor cycling at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games

Indoor cycling (Artistic cycling and Cycle ball) at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games was held in Nimibutr Gymnasium Nation Stadium, Bangkok, Thailand from 14 November to 17 November 2005.
Results.
Artistic cycling.
Men's singles.
November 14
Men's pair.
November 15
Women's singles.
November 14
Women's pair.
November 15
Cycle ball.
Qualifying round.
November 17

</doc>
<doc id="20114398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114398" title="Philip Graham (writer)">
Philip Graham (writer)

Philip Graham (born August 26, 1951) is an American novelist, short story writer, creative non-fiction author, memoirist, political satirist, professor, and editor. He is one of the founders and the current fiction editor of the literary/arts journal Ninth Letter, which won the MLA’s Best New Literary Journal Award in 2005. He is a professor in the Creative Writing Program at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he has been the recipient of three campus teaching awards. He also teaches in the low-residency MFA program of the Vermont College of Fine Arts. Additionally, he is the recipient of a National Endowment for the Arts Creative Writing Fellowship, a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities, two Illinois Arts Council grants, and the William Peden Prize in Fiction, as well as fellowship residencies at the MacDowell and Yaddo artist colonies.
Graham was born in Brooklyn, New York City on August 26, 1951. He received a B.A. from Sarah Lawrence College in 1973, where he studied with Grace Paley, and received an M.A. from City College/City University of New York in 1976, where he studied with Donald Barthelme and Frederic Tuten.
Writing.
Graham is the author of six books:
Graham’s non-fiction has appeared in The New York Times, Chicago Tribune, The Washington Post, Things (U.K.), and In the Middle of the Middle West: Literary Nonfiction from the Heartland (edited by Becky Bradway). His dispatches from Lisbon appeared regularly on the website of McSweeney’s. He has written over 30 book reviews on contemporary fiction and non-fiction for the Chicago Tribune and The New Leader. His essays on the craft of writing have appeared or will soon appear in "Rules of Thumb: 73 Authors Reveal Their Fiction Writing Fixations" (edited by Michael Martone and Susan Neville), "Words Overflown by Stars" (edited by David Jauss), and "Now Write! Nonfiction Writing Exercises from Today’s Best Writers and Teachers" (edited by Sherry Ellis).

</doc>
<doc id="20114422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114422" title="Ice Water (horse)">
Ice Water (horse)

Ice Water (foaled 1963 in Ontario) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by George Gardiner, she was the daughter of Gardiner's unraced filly Seiches who was a daughter of the 1948 U.S. Triple Crown champion, Count Fleet. Ice Water's sire was Nearctic who also sired the most influential sire of the 20th Century, Northern Dancer.
Trained by future Hall of Fame trainer, Lou Cavalaris, Jr., racing at tracks in Toronto, at age two Ice Water won the important Natalma Stakes. At age three in 1966, she defeated her male counterparts in the Achievement Handicap, Toronto Cup Handicap, and the Nassau Stakes. Against females, Ice Water won the Wonder Where Stakes and the Belle Mahone Stakes. Although she ran second in the Canadian Oaks, she ended 1966 as the dominant filly in her country.
Ice Water raced and won at age four and five, notably winning her second and third consecutive runnings of the Belle Mahone Stakes. She was retired to broodmare duty for the 1969 season at her owner's breeding farm where she had limited success.

</doc>
<doc id="20114449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114449" title="Rainy Dayz (Raekwon song)">
Rainy Dayz (Raekwon song)

"Rainy Dayz" is the fourth single from Raekwon's debut album "Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...", released as a promotional single in 1996, and released sometime in 1996. backed with "Rainy Dayz (remix)". The song features fellow Wu-Tang Clan rapper Ghostface Killah in the first verse and its in-house affiliate singer Blue Raspberry in the intro and chorus, with Raekwon rapping the second verse. The song samples the Michael Jackson cover of "Ain't No Sunshine" and dialogue from the film "The Killer". The remix of the song samples "You Know How to Make Me Feel So Good" by Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes. This song is the longest song on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20114451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114451" title="Hagström (disambiguation)">
Hagström (disambiguation)

Hagström, Häggström and Hagstrom are surnames of Swedish origin which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114452" title="Tomasz Bajerski">
Tomasz Bajerski

Tomasz Bajerski (born 1975-09-09 in Toruń, Poland) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who was riding in 2003 Speedway Grand Prix. He was won Team Polish Champion title in 2001 and Individual U-21 Polish Champion titles in 1993 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20114455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114455" title="Cornelia Nixon">
Cornelia Nixon

Cornelia Nixon is a novelist, short-story writer and teacher. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and has lived most of her life in the San Francisco Bay Area. She was married to poet Dean Young from May 16, 1983 to November 15, 2010.
Education.
Nixon attended the University of California, Irvine where she earned her B.A.. She received an M.F.A. from San Francisco State University and the Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley.
Career.
Nixon served as a teacher at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana from 1981 to 2000. Nixon joined the faculty at Mills College in Oakland, California in 2000 and continues to teach there today.
Nixon's first book was "Lawrence's Leadership Politics and the Turn Against Women," a critical essay that examined what Nixon felt to be the negative portrayal of women in D. H. Lawrence's "Women in Love".
In 1991, Nixon authored "Now You See It", a novel in stories. It was reviewed by Michiko Kakutani in the daily "New York Times, "by Richard Locke in "The Wall Street Journal, "in "The Chicago Tribune, Entertainment Weekly, "and elsewhere. 
Nixon's next literary work was published in 2000. "Angels Go Naked" is a collection of interrelated short stories that together form a larger narrative. It was reviewed in "The New York Times Book Review". 
"Jarrettsville" is Nixon's most recent novel and was released October 1, 2009. It has been reviewed, in "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", Kirkus Reviews, Publishers Weekly, San Francisco Magazine. It received the MIchael Shaara Prize for Excellence in Civil War Fiction, awarded by the Civil War Institute at Gettysburg College. 
Nixon has also contributed to periodicals such as the "New England Review", the "Iowa Review" and "Ploughshares".

</doc>
<doc id="20114462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114462" title="Talloires Network">
Talloires Network

The Talloires Network is an international association of institutions committed to strengthening the civic roles and social responsibilities of higher education. These institutions work together to implement the recommendations of the Talloires Declaration on the Civic Roles and Social Responsibilities of Higher Education. This Declaration was signed during a conference of university presidents at the Tufts University European Center in Talloires, France in September 2005. As of June 2013, 300 colleges and universities in 71 countries have signed the Declaration and are members of the Talloires Network.
The Talloires Network secretariat is based at Tufts University and directed by Rob Hollister, and is supported by several corporate donors and foundations, including Santander Universities, The MasterCard Foundation, and the Walmart Foundation. The Talloires Network hosts conferences, releases publications on university civic engagement, provides financial and technical support to regional university networks, and awards the annual MacJannet Prize for university student civic engagement initiatives.
Programs.
The MacJannet Prize.
The MacJannet Prize was established by the Talloires Network and the MacJannet Foundation to recognize exceptional student community engagement initiatives at Talloires Network member universities and contributes financially to their ongoing public service efforts.
The MacJannet Prize was established in order to:
Community engagement initiatives at Talloires Network member institutions are eligible to be nominated. The nomination and award process is held February through May each year.
Youth Economic Participation Initiative (YEPI).
In 2012, the Talloires Network launched a new $5.9 million global initiative in partnership with The MasterCard Foundation. This Youth Economic Participation Initiative (YEPI) aims to address the global crisis in youth unemployment by supporting the efforts of universities in developing countries to develop and test innovative university-led models that enable upper-year university students and recent alumni to accelerate their transition to the work force. The Talloires Network awards six to eight Demonstration Grants of $350,000 to $465,000 to universities in the following regions: West Africa, Southern Africa, Eastern Africa, North Africa, South Asia, South East Asia, Central Asia, Latin America, Caribbean. The Talloires Network will support demonstration grant programs in evaluating and learning from their efforts, and will encourage the exchange of knowledge on this topic through the creation of a global Community of Practice in 2013.
University Volunteer Program.
The Talloires Network (TN) and Universidad Autónoma de Madrid (UAM) announced the pilot program for the Talloires Network University Volunteer Program, funded by the Santander Group, in 2013. The overarching goal of the Volunteer Program is to promote global civic engagement and community building through the international exchange of student volunteers within the Talloires Network member institutions. The program aims to instill long-term values of civic engagement and social responsibility in the volunteers such that they continue to contribute to their local communities and apply their experiences wherever they may go.
For the pilot year in 2013, the Talloires Network and the Universidad Autónoma de Madrid are selecting 10-15 universities with special emphasis on South-South exchange within Latin America, Asia and Africa. Volunteers must be enrolled Talloires University member students and will participate in six-month long assignments at a university in a country different from their own. Students will collaborate in activities that promote civic engagement and social responsibility with local communities.
Faculty and Staff Professional Development Program.
The Faculty and Staff Professional Development Program (FSPD) is a new Talloires Network initiative made possible by funding from the Pearson Foundation and the administrative support of Innovations in Civic Participation (ICP). The goal of the program is to impart to participants the technical skills and knowledge that will enable them to expand and strengthen civic engagement efforts at their universities, as well as develop strategies and methods to promote institutional policy change and quality improvement.
Current members.
South Asia.
(*) Denotes university as one of the original 29 signatories to the Talloires Declaration at the 2005 Talloires Conference

</doc>
<doc id="20114465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114465" title="Oded Machnes">
Oded Machnes

Oded Machnes (born 8 June 1956) is a retired Israeli footballer who was a striker, and is the second-greatest goal-scorer in Israeli history with 196 goals in the Israeli Premier League.
In 2005, he was voted the 144th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.
Personal life.
Oded's twin brother Gad was a defender and both played together in Maccabi Netanya and in Maccabi Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="20114484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114484" title="Vic Wright">
Vic Wright

Ernest Victor "Vic" Wright (24 January 1909 - 1964)was an English-born footballer who played as an inside forward in the 1920s and 1930s, notably with Rotherham United and Liverpool. He was the son of William Wright and Patience Wootton of Bloxwich, and a first cousin to Aston Villa F.C. player Charlie Athersmith.
Liverpool.
He made his debut against Birmingham on 17 March 1934. His last appearance came on 10 April 1937, and in all he scored 33 times in his 85 games for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20114496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114496" title="A.C. Milan in European football">
A.C. Milan in European football

Associazione Calcio Milan is an Italian football club based in Milan, Lombardy. The club was founded in 1899 as Milan Foot-Ball and Cricket Club, and has competed in the Italian football league system since 1900. They were the first Italian club to qualify for the European Cup in 1955. Since then, the club has competed in every UEFA-organised competition, with the exception of the Intertoto Cup.
The competition in which the club has had the most success is the European Cup/UEFA Champions League, which they won seven times, the first in 1963; this win made them the first Italian side to win the European Cup. The other six victories came in 1969, 1989, 1990, 1994, 2003 and 2007. The club has also won the Cup Winners' Cup twice, in 1968 and 1973; the Super Cup five times, in 1989, 1990, 1994, 2003 and 2007; and the Intercontinental Cup three times, in 1969, 1989 and 1990.
After their Champions League win in 2007, Milan also competed as UEFA's representatives at the 2007 FIFA Club World Cup, eventually winning the competition and thus becoming the first Italian and European side to win the trophy.
History.
European debut.
Following their league title win the previous season, Milan first competed in European football competition in the 1955–56 season.
The club's first match in European competition was a round-of-16 tie in the first edition of the European Cup against Saarbrücken; Milan lost the home match 3–4. The return leg was played at the Ludwigspark Stadion in Saarbrücken, and the match finished as a 4–1 win for Milan, which made them able to qualify for the next round. After eliminating Rapid Wien in the quarter-finals, Milan faced Real Madrid in the semi-finals. The first leg took Milan to the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, where they were defeated 4–2. Despite winning 2–1 in the second leg back at San Siro, they got knocked out the competition and the club's first European season came to an end as Real Madrid went on to record the first of their five consecutive European Cup titles.

</doc>
<doc id="20114506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114506" title="Daily Calumet">
Daily Calumet

The Daily Calumet was a Chicago newspaper that existed from 1881 until 1987. It was at one time billed as "America's Oldest Daily Community Newspaper."
The "Daily Calumet" was located at 9120 S. Baltimore Ave., Chicago, in the South Chicago neighborhood on the city's Southeast Side. Depending on the delineation of ward boundaries, it was either in the 7th or 10th Ward.
It served the communities within the city of South Chicago, South Shore, Irondale/Slag Valley, South Deering, the East Side and Hegewisch as well as the neighboring suburbs of Calumet City and Burnham.
Affectionately known as "The Cal" to generations of readers, the newspaper covered only topics of local interest and it was not until its finals years that it used any wire service copy. In the early 1980s, "The Daily Calumet" subscribed to the United Press International service to augment the copy produced by its staff of reporters, photographers and correspondents. Reporting areas, or "beats" were divided into four areas of responsibility on "The Daily Calumet".
The police beat, known internally as the "cops and courts" beat, was basically focused on news from the 4th District of the Chicago Police Department. The detective bureau covered by "The Daily Calumet" was Area 2, which comprised districts 3 (Grand Crossing), 4 (South Chicago) 6 (Gresham) and 22 (Morgan Park).
The most sensational police coverage done by "The Daily Calumet" concerned the 1966 murders of six student nurses by drifter Richard Speck. The women were killed in an apartment rented by South Chicago Community Hospital on East 100th Street. Photographers and reporters from "The Daily Calumet" were the first media on the scene and were allowed unparalleled access to the homicide scene. The newspaper also extensively reported and photographed the October 30, 1972 collision between two Illinois Central commuter trains, which originated from the IC's 91st Street station in South Chicago. The wreck, which killed 45 people and injured 332, remains the worst commuter rail crash in Chicago's history, and carried a number of victims from the newspaper's coverage area.
The labor beat, which covered both the unions and the businesses of the Southeast Side, concentrated heavily on the steel and auto industries that made up the bulk of the local manufacturing employers. Among the largest of these were the South Works of United States Steel, Republic (later LTV) Steel, Wisconsin Steel, the Chicago Assembly Plant of Ford Motor Company and related suppliers to the above industries. The most significant coverage on the labor beat was during the 1937 Memorial Day Massacre when Chicago police shot down several striking workers at the Republic Steel plant on Avenue O.
The education beat covered numerous parochial and public schools on the Southeast Side. The high schools covered by "The Daily Calumet" included Washington High School, Bowen High School, Hirsch High School and St. Francis De Sales High School operated by the Archdiocese of Chicago.
The political beat covered both the 7th Ward and 10th Ward organizations. As part of its coverage, the beat reporter would attend Chicago City Council meetings. The beat also covered the state house and senate districts within the Southeast Side area and the 2nd Congressional District of the U.S. House. Some of the most intense political reporting came during the administration of Chicago Mayor Harold Washington, whose primary nemesis on the council floor was Ald. Edward Vrdolyak, the 10th Ward alderman. Vrdolyak led the floor opposition to Washington during the stormy time known as "Council Wars," a play on words from the popular "Star Wars" films, when the Washington bloc found itself at odds and often outnumbered or outmaneuvered by Vrdolyak and his allies.
The environment beat was created during the turn of the 1980s, when Waste Management Corp. tried unsuccessfully to create a nature preserve in Burnham, Illinois, to mitigate a planned expansion of its CID Landfill near 130th Street and the Calumet (Bishop Ford) Expressway, and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency initiated legal actions against several small operating and closed landfills concentrated in a heavily industrialized area near Torrence Avenue.
In addition to these "beats," reporters were encouraged to produce enterprise stories on any neighborhood subject of their choice. "The Daily Calumet" also had a photo department with two full-time staffers and several stringers; two full-time sports personnel and a full-time Lifestyles editor and an assistant.
As the neighborhood demographics changed, "The Daily Calumet" added a Spanish language page known as "Fin de Semana" or "Weekend" which served the growing Latino market.
In approximately 1980, "The Daily Calumet" was sold by its owners, Panax Publishing Co., to a British-owned group from Liverpool. After several years, the British group sold the paper to Pulitzer, which owned "The Daily Southtown" newspaper which served Chicago's Southwest Side. After about two years of operation by Pulitzer, "The Daily Calumet" nameplate was phased out and replaced by "The Daily Southtown", which opened a bureau in a building owned by "The Daily Calumet" in south suburban Lansing, Ill. at 18127 William St. The office was closed and "The Daily Southtown" effectively withdrew from the southeastern Chicago market when its product failed to catch on with the local population.
"The Daily Calumet" building at 9120 S. Baltimore Avenue in Chicago was donated to the South Chicago YMCA. After a structural analysis determined the building was not safe, it was razed to expand the YMCA parking area. The Lansing building was sold, was razed and is now the site of a medical building.
References.
John Kass, a columnist who appears daily on page 2 of the Chicago Tribune, got his start in journalism at The Daily Calumet.

</doc>
<doc id="20114514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114514" title="Item Idem">
Item Idem

Cyril Duval, who works under the name Item Idem, is a fashion designer and artist. He won the 2007 Great Indoors Award for designing the Bernhard Willhelm store in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20114518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114518" title="A. Scott Loveless">
A. Scott Loveless

A. Scott Loveless is an American academic who was a law professor at the J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University (BYU) and served as the Executive Director of the World Family Policy Center, at the BYU Law School, until the Center's closure at the end of 2008.
Loveless has edited, with Thomas Holman, a three volume work entitled "The Family in the New Millennium" and authored one of the chapters in that set.
Loveless has also been involved in promoting California Proposition 8 (2008), writing multiple pieces in support of this measure.
Loveless received his JD from BYU in 1978, although he spent his last year of Law school at Georgetown University. He also holds a Ph.D. in family studies from BYU which he earned in 2000. Loveless also received his bachelors degree from BYU.
For 20 years Loveless worked as an attorney and supervising attorney in the Office of the Solicitor of the U.S. Department of the Interior.
Loveless has been closely involved with Richard G. Wilkins in advocating the recognition of the family in international law.
Loveless has also written a review for the "Utah Historical Quarterly" of a book dealing with natural resource use issues, specifically the "Law of the River."
Loveless is a Latter-day Saint. He is married to Cheri Anderson Loveless who was an Associate Editor of "This People" and later of "Meridian Magazine". 

</doc>
<doc id="20114523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114523" title="Class 80">
Class 80

Class 80 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114535" title="Turbo Dogs">
Turbo Dogs

Turbo Dogs is a Canadian television show that airs on Qubo and Kids' CBC. The show is based on the book "Racer Dogs" by Bob Kolar. The show premiered on October 3, 2008. The show was not renewed for a second season.
Premise.
Canine friends Dash, Mags, Strut, Stinkbert, Clutch, and GT learn lessons in friendship, fair play, and teamwork as they pull together to protect their reputations as the fastest dogs in Racerville in the animated series adapted from Bob Kolar's book "Racer Dogs".
Characters.
Dash - A selfless, thoughtful beagle with a heart of a gold and a healthy spirit of competition, Dash is the leader of the Turbo Dogs who always plays fair. His colors are red and white and his player number is 1 which is colored blue. His gloves have the same color as his number. He does try hard, but he can be hard on himself sometimes. He is also very tidy and neat. In one episode it was shown that Dash also has a large collection of racing memorabilia and model cars.Dash may have a crush on Mags. He is voiced by Lyon Smith.
Mags - Clear-headed and cool under pressure, Mags is an American Cocker Spaniel, and the only female Turbo Dog. Never bossy or overbearing, she is one tough girl who isn't afraid to speak her mind. She is responsible and cheerful, and often tends to be the voice of reason when things go awry. She also owns a pet hamster named Lulu. Her colors are purple and orange, her player number is 2. When her helmet is off, she's revealed to have bangs and purple hairbands. She is voiced by Stacey DePass.
GT - GT is a bulldog that is a natural born inventor and mechanic. His colors are blue and white and his player number is 3. It is said that GT can fix just about any car, and "could probably make an engine out of a leash and some empty dog food cans". GT also may have a crush on Mags.He is voiced by Dan Petronijevic.
Strut - A dachshund who is his own worst enemy, Strut makes up for his small size by making big plans, that sometimes backfire. He wants to win so badly that he'll break the rules and take shortcuts to make it happen. His colors are blue and yellow and his player number is 5. His car has six tires unlike all the other cars. He is the only one of the Turbo Dogs who regularly uses his car's special apparatus to give him an unfair advantage during the races, however it usually ends up with him spinning out or crashing. If there's a way to get what he wants without working for it, you can be sure he'll try it. He is voiced by Joris Jarsky.
Stinkbert - Stinkbert is a terrier with a strong odor who likes garbage. His colors are chartreuse and goldenrod and his player number is 6. He is shown to have a cheerful and relaxed personality. One of his talents is cooking. He is voiced by Hadley Kay.
Clutch - Clutch is a Turbo Dog who is just a bit of a klutz. While all the dogs like him, he's closest to Strut and Stinkbert than he is to Dash, Mags, or GT. As a result, he often gets mixed up in Strut's dastardly plans. His colors are green and yellow and his player number is 7. He's voiced by Peter Cugno.
Cam - A Beagle who is the announcer for every race. He is usually seen on the large display screen on the side of his personal airship that he flies above the racetrack during races. He is voiced by Terry McGurrin.
Ump - A German Shepherd, Ump is Racerville Raceway's track official. He is also the flagman for every race, and enforces the track rules. He is voiced by Ron Pardo.
Five- A pizza delivery dog who is in charge in the Dog-Gone Pizzeria, Five is usually seen travelling on his pizza-delivery scooter. He got his name from his "five minutes or less" delivery policy. He is voiced by Joseph Motiki.
The Chicken - A chicken who attempts to cross the road/track in every episode, and is usually costumed according to the theme of that particular segment. However, no matter how carefully he looks both ways, he is always narrowly missed by whoever is driving by (such as the TurboDogs) and sent spinning to the other side of the road, dizzy, but unharmed.
Marlene - A spaniel who runs "Marlene's", the shop where the Turbo Dogs get their racing helmets and suits. She is voiced by Shakura S'Aida.
Officer Sarge Gruffer - A retriever who is a member of the local highway patrol. When the Turbo Dogs got lost in the fog during a race through the countryside, his laugh was able to guide them home. He is voiced by Ron Rubin.
Zanner Howler - A young dog who is one half of "the Howler Brothers", and is Dash's biggest fan. He wears a large, gold dog tag around his neck, blue pants, belt, and brown sandals. He likes playing golf, watching TV with his friend Dash, eating snacks, and hanging out with his best friend Fanner. Zanner is from Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Australia, and Ukraine. He is voiced by Peter Cugno.
Fanner Howler - A small terrier who, along with Zanner, is the other half of "the Howler Brothers". He wears racing gloves and sometimes a cape to emulate his idols, the Turbo Dogs. He is voiced by Terry McGurrin.
Rock Rally - A German Shepherd and Dash's idol, Rock is actually a movie-star who makes racing movies. Upon visiting the Turbo Dogs home track to make a new film, Dash is pressed into service to double for him in the driving scenes. Dash soon discovers that the reason for this is driving makes Rock "very nervous", and he doesn't do his own driving in his films. He is voiced by Dwayne Hill.
Auntie Ratchet - Dash's aunt. A bright, extremely cheerful little dog who lives in the country, Auntie Ratchet is an inventor and former racer with a surprising number of skills, which she demonstrates. She is voiced by Catherine Disher.
Wrenchini – Wrenchini is the local master mechanic and garage owner, who is idolized by GT, who obtains parts and occasionally works on or modifies the Turbo Dogs racing cars. He is voiced by William Colgate using a German accent.
Pit-Crew Dogs - A crew of small Schnauzer-type dogs who do the tire changing, fueling, and other pit work on the Turbo Dogs racing cars.
The Alstatian Aces - A sister trio of Cairn Terriers with human hair and eyeglasses. Their names starts with "A".
Reception.
Turbo Dogs has won the 2009 US iParenting Media Award for Best Product in the television category.
The Globe and Mail, Canada's national newspaper, says this about Turbo Dogs:
"This new cartoon takes the creativity ingenuity of the movie CARS and uses dogs instead. For many kids, the combination couldn't be better. Turbo Dogs is a glossy, computer animated toon based on the book Racer Dogs, by Bob Kolar. The series is full of verve, humour and parent-friendly messages about helping your friends and being a good sport. Turbo Dogs ends with its fourth season sometime in 2014."
The Hollywood Reporter writes:
"Bottom Line: Going to the dogs is a good thing in this charming new animated series. The best thing about Turbo Dogs is its flawless animation, and the dogs all are charming in a loopy kind of way. It's all stuff kids will love, and the education they might get - how to behave in the world and find what's important - is an extra added canine attraction."

</doc>
<doc id="20114540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114540" title="HTTP body data">
HTTP body data

HTTP Body Data is the data bytes transmitted in an HTTP transaction message immediately following the headers if there is any (in the case of HTTP/0.9 no headers are transmitted).
HTTP message.
The request/response message consists of the following:
The request/status line and headers must all end with <CR><LF> (that is, a carriage return followed by a line feed). The empty line must consist of only <CR><LF> and no other whitespace. 
The "optional HTTP message body data" is what this article defines.
Response example.
This could be a response from the web server:

</doc>
<doc id="20114549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114549" title="Cruisers Yachts">
Cruisers Yachts

Cruisers Yachts is a brand of pleasure boats owned by KCS International. The company builds boats ranging from 30 feet - 58 feet, and is headquartered in Oconto, Wisconsin. Most models in the 2009 lineup are offered with both gasoline and diesel engine options, and the company was one of the first boat builders to utilize the Volvo Penta IPS propulsion system.
History.
The company was founded in 1953 in Oconto by Ray, Glenn, brothers Roy and Grant, and brothers Bob and Ted Thompson. They were second generation members of the Thompson family, involved in boat building at Peshtigo, WI and Cortland NY. Roy and Grant were following in their father Chris's footsteps, as he had co-founded the Thompson Bros. Boat Mfg. Company in 1904 in nearby Peshtigo, Wisconsin. The company was originally known as "Cruisers Incorporated," or "Cruisers Inc." for short. They set up operations in the former Holt Lumber planing mill in Oconto. In the first year of operation, Cruisers constructed 14 and 16 foot lapstrake boats, and sold them to the Thompson Bros. Boat Mfg Co. with the Thompson name badge on the hulls. The first shipment left the Oconto factory on November 18, 1953. The first cabin-cruiser model was a 19-foot 3-inch lapstrake boat, which was introduced at the 1954 New York Boat Show; she featured a sink, alcohol stove, water closet, cushioned bunks to sleep four, cabin lights and a collapsible table.
In 1956, the first Cruisers product catalog debuted. The company was producing 60 boats per week then, and the work force had grown from 20 to 101, over 5 times its size, in just three years. By 1961, 300 people were employed at the company. At this time they were producing 12 different models, ranging from 14 feet - 20 feet long. Cruisers claimed to be the foremost lapstrake boat builder in the world. In 1959 and 1960, they made 3,000 boats annually. Then the bottom fell out of the wooden-boat market.
A reorganization of the three Thompson family owned boat plants at Peshtigo, Cortland, NY and Oconto went into effect on 1 January 1959. Cruisers, Inc. became the sole property of Roy and Grant Thompson. Ray Thompson and family gained control of Thompson Bros. boat Mfg. Co. at Peshtigo. A new corporation was formed at Cortland, NY to run that operation; Thompson Boat Company of New York, Inc. with Bob, Ted and Glenn Thompson as owners.
As fiberglass boats hit the scene, customers abandoned wooden vessels en masse. Cruisers resisted the change, with the Thompsons believing firmly that a well-built wooden boat would outperform and outlive any fiberglass version of itself. Cruisers sold less than 800 boats in the 1965 season, and wooden boats were eliminated from the line by the end of 1966.
Cruisers Yachts today.
In the early 1990s, the boat building business suffered as the economy worsened. Venture Capitalist K.C. Stock, an experienced businessman in the Oconto area, saw potential in the struggling company and knew that if the biggest employer in the town were to close, it would be devastating to the town's economy. In 1993, his company KCS International purchased the company and renamed it Cruisers Yachts. Soon after, the industry saw an upswing in sales and an increasing demand. The company expanded its model lineup year after year. Today, the company builds express cruiser and flybridge style yachts, and has recently introduced new models that fit into the new sport coupe class of express boat. The company currently employs approximately 1,000 people, with an annual sales figure exceeding $94 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20114557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114557" title="Piotr Parasiewicz">
Piotr Parasiewicz

Piotr Parasiewicz is a river professor, Director of Rushing Rivers Institute and is creator of the Mesohabitat Simulation Model (MesoHABSIM). He holds a Ph.D in Natural resource management and Water Engineering. For over twenty five years, he has been working to restore rivers to their natural state and conserve water for human use including (but not limited to) the Quinebaug River, Fort River, Saugatuck River & Aspetuck River, Eightmile River (Connecticut River), and Delaware River.
Education.
Dr. Piotr Parasiewicz began his studies in 1985 at the University of Agricultural Sciences in Vienna, Austria, receiving his B.S. degree in Environmental and Water Engineering. He continued his education at the University of Agricultural Sciences and in 1993 he received his M.S. degree in Environmental and Water Engineering. In 1998 he received his Ph.D in Natural Resources Management and Water Engineering. He gained additional training in 1994 at the Utah State University in Logan, in using the computer-based Physical Habitat Simulation (PHABSIM) and Instream Flow Incremental Methodology (IFIM),and later Stream Habitat Sampling Techniques at Colorado State University, in Fort Collins.
Career.
Between 1984 and 1999 he resided in Vienna, Austria with his wife, Maria Parasiewicz, and their two children while working at the University of Agricultural Sciences as a Research Assistant and University Lecturer in the Department of Hydrobiology, Fisheries and Aquaculture. The following year he moved with his family to the United States and worked as a Post-Doctoral Fellow at the New York Cooperative Fish and Wildlife Research Unit at Cornell University. Between 2000 and 2004 he became the Director of the Instream Habitat Program at Cornell University while at the same time he was the Research Associate IV in the Department of Natural Resources. Between 2003 to 2004 he transitioned to the University Of Massachusetts (U.Mass.) in Amherst, working for the Department of Natural Resources Conservation as a Research Associate Professor from 2004 to 2007. During this time he was also an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Department of Natural Resources Management and Engineering at the University of Connecticut (U.Conn.), in Storrs, Connecticut.
In 2007, Piotr inaugurated the Rushing Rivers Institute, a river science non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation of water resources for both environmental and human use, of which he is currently the director. He is also an adjunct professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. 
He is best known as a developer of the Mesohabitat Simulation Model, which provides computer simulation models of instream habitat for fish and mussels.
In 2012 he completed habilitation at the S. Sakowicz Inland Fisheries Institute in Poland and took there an adjunct associate professor position. He is a Polish representative of European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Commission of FAO.
Publications and Contributions.
Some of His Publications Include:
Quotations.
“Now, many years after [Piotr's] original work that shook up the old guard managing the Delaware, everyone recognizes there is significantly more water available for the ecosystem.”
-Nat Gillespie, Trout Unlimited. 
“Piotr is both an academic and an engineer. A unique combination of practice and theory is clearly his modus operandi. He constantly checks on the state of rivers in Massachusetts and uses that data to better inform his river simulations. Yes, that’s right. He can simulate the effects of water flow on fish in that river using long-standing data. SimStream — yes, like the Sims only it’s for rivers.” -Socially Marketing Blog

</doc>
<doc id="20114576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114576" title="Randy Shain">
Randy Shain

Randy Shain is the Vice President of First Advantage Investigative Services and author of the book "Hedge Fund Due Diligence: Professional Tools to Investigate Hedge Fund Managers".
Shain co-founded BackTrack Reports with his partner, Chris Manthey, in October 1993. BackTrack is a due diligence investigative specialist firm providing background reports on management teams or fund managers. Shain has published several articles on management team due diligence in journals such as "The Secured Lender", "Mergers & Acquisitions Report", and "Risk & Reward". 
Prior to founding BackTrack, Shain had been the Regional Director and vice president at Bishop Services, a nearly 100-year old investigative firm. Shain received a bachelor's degree with honors from Rutgers University in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20114586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114586" title="Transfiguration (religion)">
Transfiguration (religion)

Transfiguration, from Latin "transfiguratio", is primarily a religious term, and refers to the experience of momentary divine radiance.
The most famous account of transfiguration is the Transfiguration of Jesus.
Instances in the Judeo-Christian scriptures and tradition.
Transfiguration of Jacob.
In the ladder of Jacob, at the conclusion of this instruction, instead of simply being given the new name Israel, Jacob is introduced to his heavenly counterpart, the angel Israel.
Transfiguration of Enoch.
In the Book of Enoch, when Enoch returns to Earth, he tells his children that although they see him as the earthly, human Enoch, there is likewise an angelic Enoch (Metatron) that has stood in the Lord’s Presence.
Transfiguration of Moses.
The assumption of Moses apocrypha offers a detailed account of the assumption and transfiguration of Moses.
Transfiguration of Mary.
Lumen Gentium states that "the Immaculate Virgin [...] was exalted by the Lord as Queen of the universe, that she might be the more fully confirmed to her Son, the Lord of lords and the conqueror of sin and death".
Transfiguration of humanity as a whole.
In Christian eschatology, eternal life is said to be the transfiguration of all of humanity.
Instances in other religions and spiritual traditions.
Buddhism.
The Buddha is said to have been twice transfigured, at the moment of his enlightenment and at the moment of his death.
Gurdjieff's Fourth Way.
P.D. Ouspensky recounts an episode where he claims that he and other onlookers experienced a change in the aspect of Gurdjieff while seated in a railway carriage.
Transfiguration of demons.
In demonology, some high-ranking demons, such as Lucifer, are said to have been able to shapeshift in order to deceive people.

</doc>
<doc id="20114601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114601" title="Bubq">
Bubq

Bubq is a municipality in the Krujë District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114603" title="In re Bilski">
In re Bilski

In re Bilski, 545 F.3d 943, 88 U.S.P.Q.2d 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2008), was an "en banc" decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC) on the patenting of method claims, particularly business methods. The Federal Circuit court affirmed the rejection of the patent claims involving a method of hedging risks in commodities trading. The court also reiterated the machine-or-transformation test as "the" applicable test for patent-eligible subject matter, and stated that the test in "State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group" should no longer be relied upon.
The Supreme Court of the United States issued an opinion on appeal (as "Bilski v. Kappos") that affirmed the judgment of the CAFC, but revised many aspects of the CAFC's decision. In their decision, handed down on June 28, 2010, the Supreme Court rejected the machine-or-transformation test as the sole test of process patent eligibility based on an interpretation of the language of § 101. The majority, however, had high praise for the Federal Circuit opinions, advising that "tudents of patent law would be well advised to study these scholarly opinions."
Background and prior history.
The applicants (Bernard L. Bilski and Rand Warsaw) filed a patent application (on 10 April 1997) for a method of hedging risks in commodities trading via a fixed bill system. Such patent claims are often termed business method claims.
The serial number for the patent application is 08/833,892. The text is available on the USPTO web site. The patent application describes a method for providing a fixed bill energy contract to consumers. Under fixed bill energy contracts, consumers pay monthly prices for their future energy consumption in advance of winter based on their past energy use. The monthly prices remain the same no matter how much energy they then use. Thus, consumers save money relative to others if, for example, a given winter is unusually cold and they use an unusually large amount of energy for heating. On the other hand, consumers pay more than others if a winter is unusually warm and their energy use is lower than average.
Method claim 1 of the patent application claims a three-step method for a broker to hedge risks for purchaser-users of an input of a product or service (termed a commodity). For example, an electric power plant might be a purchaser and user of coal, which it purchases from coal-mining companies (producer-sellers) and uses to make electricity. The power plant might seek to insulate itself from upward changes in the price of coal by engaging in "hedging" transactions. The risk can be quantified in terms of dollars (termed a "risk position"). Thus, if the purchaser-user uses 1000 tons of coal in a given period, and the potential price spike is $10 per ton, the purchaser-user's total risk position for that period is 1000 × $10, or $10,000.
The claimed process comprises these steps (simplified for easier readability):
The patent examiner rejected all 11 of the claims on the grounds that "the invention is not implemented on a specific apparatus and merely manipulates abstract idea and solves a purely mathematical problem without any limitation to a practical application, therefore, the invention is not directed to the technological arts." 
The applicants appealed the rejection to the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences (BPAI), which affirmed the rejection, although on different grounds. The Board held that the examiner erred to the extent he relied on a "technological arts" test because the case law does not support such a test. Further, the Board held that the requirement of a specific apparatus was also erroneous because a claim that does not recite a specific apparatus may still be directed to patent-eligible subject matter "if there is a transformation of physical subject matter from one state to another." The Board concluded that Applicants' claims did not involve any patent-eligible transformation, holding that transformation of "non-physical financial risks and legal liabilities of the commodity provider, the consumer, and the market participants" is not patent-eligible subject matter. The Board also held that Applicants' claims "preempt[] any and every possible way of performing the steps of the process, by human or by any kind of machine or by any combination thereof," and thus concluded that they only claim an abstract idea ineligible for patent protection. Finally, the Board held that Applicants' process as claimed did not produce a "useful, concrete and tangible result," and for this reason as well was not drawn to patent-eligible subject matter.
The applicants appealed the rejection to the Federal Circuit. The case was argued before a panel of the court on October 1, 2007. The court then ordered an "en banc" rehearing "sua sponte", which was held on May 8, 2008. The Federal Circuit issued its decision on October 30, 2008.
Majority opinion.
The "en banc" Federal Circuit upheld the rejection, 9–3. The majority opinion by Chief Judge Paul Redmond Michel characterized the issue as whether the claimed method is a patent-eligible "process," as the patent statute (35 U.S.C. § 101) uses that term. While any series of actions or operations is a process in the dictionary sense of that term, the court explained, the Supreme Court has held that the statutory meaning is narrower than the dictionary meaning which "forecloses a purely literal reading." Patent-eligible processes do not include "laws of nature, natural phenomena, abstract ideas." The limiting legal principle applies not just to processes, but to anything on which a patent is sought. As a trilogy of Supreme Court decisions on patent-eligibility from approximately three decades ago had taught, "Phenomena of nature, though just discovered, mental processes, and abstract intellectual concepts are not patentable, as they are the basic tools of scientific and technological work." Therefore, the question was whether Bilski's process fell within any of the prohibited categories (that is, was a claim to a "principle"), and the underlying legal question was what legal tests or criteria should govern that determination when a claim is directed to a principle.
The court concluded that prior decisions of the Supreme Court were of limited usefulness as guides because they represented polar cases on the abstraction and concreteness spectrum. Nonetheless, a legal test could be distilled from them: "A claimed process is surely patent-eligible under § 101 if: (1) it is tied to a particular machine or apparatus, or (2) it transforms a particular article into a different state or thing." Not only did the patent-eligibility trilogy ("Benson", "Flook", and "Diehr") support this test, the court explained, but so too did earlier Supreme Court precedents dating back well into the 19th century.
The court then considered whether this two-branch test should be considered all-inclusive, that is, as stating indispensable conditions of patent-eligibility. It concluded that the answer was affirmative, even though much of the language in the Supreme Court's patent-eligibility trilogy was more reserved. The Federal Circuit placed great weight on the use of the definite article in several Supreme Court statements that transformation and use of a particular machine provided ""the" clue to the patentability of a process claim." At the same time the court placed no weight on the fact that the "Benson" Court had not accepted the Government's argument that the case law "cannot be rationalized otherwise."
The Federal Circuit observed that two "caveats" exist to the transformation-machine test: (1) a field-of-use limitation is insufficient to avoid the prohibition against pre-emption, as "Flook" expressly held; and (2) conventional or obvious "insignificant post-solution activity" does not make what is otherwise a claim to a principle patent-eligible (again referring to "Flook"). The court added that insignificant pre-solution activity (such as data-gathering) is equally ineffective, and so too is an insignificant step in the middle of a process (such as recording a result).
The court then rejected other proposed tests of patent-eligibility that had been suggested since the Supreme Court's trilogy. Several Federal Circuit panel decisions had held that a process was patent-eligible if it produced "a useful, concrete, and tangible result" — such as the transformation of financial data from one form to another form. Thus, in the "State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group" case the court had upheld a patent on a tax-avoidance scheme under this standard. The court now recognized that this test is "inadequate," as a dissenting Supreme Court opinion had already stated, and therefore backed away from the language, denying that the Federal Circuit had ever "intended to supplant the Supreme Court's test." The court did not, however, expressly hold that "State Street" should be overruled: it merely dropped a footnote stating that "those portions of our opinions in "State Street" and "AT&T" relying solely on a 'useful, concrete and tangible result' analysis should no longer be relied on."
The court next turned to the "technological arts" test (a patent-eligible advance must be "technological" in nature) and rejected it on several grounds: The meanings of "technological arts" and "technology" are disputed and ambiguous. No court has ever adopted the test. The technological-arts test is not an equivalent of or "shortcut," the court insisted, that can be used instead of the transformation-machine test. "Rather, the machine-or-transformation test is the only applicable test and must be applied, in light of the guidance provided by the Supreme Court and this court, when evaluating the patent-eligibility of process claims."
On the other hand, the court refused to adopt a test that barred business methods, under that rubric, from patent-eligibility. Also, while the court stated that the machine-or-transformation test was "the" applicable test, the Supreme Court in "Benson" had stated that there could be cases where a claim that fails the "requirements of prior precedents" may still nonetheless be patent-eligible subject matter. "Benson", 409 U.S. at 71. Similarly, software could not categorically be excluded. The court also stated that future developments may alter the standing or the application of the test.
Bilski's method.
Turning finally to Bilski's method, the court held it patent-ineligible. First, the court said, Bilski did not argue that the rejected claims recited any specific or "particular" machine, so that the court found it unnecessary to decide any issues relating to the machine-implementation branch of the test. "We leave to future cases the elaboration of the precise contours of machine implementation, as well as the answers to particular questions, such as whether or when recitation of a computer suffices to tie a process claim to a particular machine." Second, the court turned to transformation of articles from one thing or state to another. What is an "article"? "Benson" had made it clear that tanning hides, smelting ores, and vulcanizing rubber were all instances of transforming articles. This corresponded to the transformation test as the PTO and some "amici curiae" articulated it: one physical substance is transformed into a second physical substance. But what of electronic signals and electronically-manipulated data? Or even more abstract constructs such as legal obligations, which the "Bilski" case involved? No Supreme Court precedents addressed such entities.
Some Federal Circuit decisions, however, had held some transformations of signals and data patent-eligible. For example, the "Abele" decision approved a dependent claim to a method transforming X-ray attenuation data produced in a X-Y field by an X-ray tomographic scanner to an image of body organs and bones — while at the same time the "Abele" court rejected a more generic and abstract independent claim to a process of graphically displaying variances from their average values of unspecified data obtained in an unspecified manner. The court said that this kind of difference between the two claims was critical to patent-eligibility. The dependent claim, unlike the independent claim, involved signal data representing tangible physical objects, which were electronically manipulated to provide a screen image of the physical objects. But Bilski's process had nothing to do with such a procedure. Like "State Street", "Bilski" involved manipulation of financial data.
Bilski's method claim was patent-ineligible because it did not "transform any article to a different state or thing." Legal obligations (such as options and futures contracts) and business risks "cannot meet the test because they are not physical objects or substances, and they are not representative of physical objects or substances." Moreover, to the extent that signals are involved and are transformed, they are not "representative of any physical object or substance." Accordingly, Bilski's claim entirely failed the transformation-machine test.
Concurrences and dissents.
Concurrence by Judge Dyk.
Judge Dyk, joined by Judge Linn, concurred in the majority opinion upholding the PTO's rejection of Bilski's patent, but concurred also in Judge Mayer's historical analysis that the framers of the Constitution intended to exclude from the operation of the US patent system "methods for organizing human activity that do not involve manufactures, machines, or compositions of matter." Since Bilski's method failed that test, it is patent-ineligible.
Dissent by Judge Mayer.
Judge Mayer dissented, first, on the ground that the majority opinion failed to overrule "State Street" explicitly. Whether this should be done was a question that the court had asked to be briefed on the re-argument. "I would answer that question with an emphatic 'yes.'" He then moved to the major thrust of his dissent: business-method patents are unconstitutional, or the patent statute must be interpreted not to extend to them in order to avoid unconstitutionality. He maintained:
The patent system is intended to protect and promote advances in science and technology, not ideas about how to structure commercial transactions. Claim 1 of the application . . . is not eligible for patent protection because it is directed to a method of conducting business. Affording patent protection to business methods lacks constitutional and statutory support, serves to hinder rather than promote innovation and usurps that which rightfully belongs in the public domain. "State Street" and "AT&T" should be overruled.
Pointing to the Statute of Monopolies and the public hostility to the "odious monopolies," he concluded that when Congress enacted the first patent statute (in language substantially unchanged to this day in regard to patent-eligibility), Congress did not want the system to allow patents on methods of conducting trade. "State Street" was a grave error. "Before "State Street" led us down the wrong path, this court had rightly concluded that patents were designed to protect technological innovations, not ideas about the best way to run a business."
Judge Mayer also criticized the majority opinion for doing nothing to remedy the ills of a "patent system has run amok," for evading crucial issues, and for failing to enlighten users of the patent system in regard to
three of the thorniest issues in the patentability thicket: (1) the continued viability of business method patents, (2) what constitutes sufficient physical transformation or machine-implementation to render a process patentable, and (3) the extent to which computer software and computer-implemented processes constitute statutory subject matter.
Dissent by Judge Rader.
Judge Rader dissented on the ground that the majority should have "said in a single sentence: 'Because Bilski claims merely an abstract idea, this court affirms the Board's rejection.'" He then complained that instead of doing that, the majority opinion
propagates unanswerable questions: What form or amount of "transformation" suffices? When is a "representative" of a physical object sufficiently linked to that object to satisfy the transformation test? (E.g., Does only vital sign data taken directly from a patient qualify, or can population data derived in part from statistics and extrapolation be used?) What link to a machine is sufficient to invoke the "or machine" prong? Are the "specific" machines of Benson required, or can a general purpose computer qualify? What constitutes "extra-solution activity?" If a process may meet eligibility muster as a "machine," why does the Act "require" a machine link for a "process" to show eligibility?
Judge Rader indicated his belief that nothing is wrong with patents on business methods or natural phenomena, so long as they are claimed to "achieve a useful, tangible, and concrete result." In his view, the "LabCorp" dissent's criticism of that test, and of business method patents generally, misses the point of the needs of 21st century innovation and entrepreneurship.
Dissent by Judge Newman.
Judge Newman dissented on the ground that the PTO should have allowed Bilski's patent. The opinion largely constitutes a debate with Judge Dyk's concurrence about whether the Statute of Monopolies, common law precedents, and the widespread opposition to the "odious monopolies" led to a ban on business-method patents in the US. Judge Newman insists that "t is inconceivable that on this background the Framers, and again the enactors of the first United States patent statutes in 1790 and 1793, intended sub silentio to impose the limitations on 'process' now created by this court." 
In short, Judge Newman felt that the current definition of the word process used by the court directly contradicted the statute, the precedent, and the constitutional mandate to promote the useful arts and science. Because the court's decision could affect thousands of patents already granted, Newman warned of uncertainty in patent eligible matter which serves as a disincentive to innovation.
Impact.
Prior to the Supreme Court's decision on appeal, it was widely reported that the "Bilski" decision would call into question the validity of many already issued business method patents. This issue has received global news coverage with a generally favorable assessment of the judgment. According to "The Associated Press", the decision "could reshape the way banks and high-tech firms protect their intellectual property." Moreover, as a result of the decision, according to "The Washington Post" and others, many business method patents, possibly thousands, may now be invalid.
Recent decisions by the BPAI have used "Bilski" to overturn claims related to more traditional computer implemented inventions. Four out of five of the initial Bilski rejections, for example, were to IBM patent applications not in the business method area.
In January 2009, Bilski and Warsaw petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari, seeking to overturn the Federal Circuit decision. It was granted on June 1, 2009.
In March 2009, a Federal Circuit panel split over what "Bilski" had held. For "In re Ferguson" the majority opinion (per Judge Gajarsa, joined by Judge Mayer) stated that "Bilski" has held that the "useful, concrete and tangible result test" "is insufficient to determine whether a claim is patent-eligible under § 101," that it "is inadequate," and that "those portions of our opinions in "State Street" and "AT&T Corp. v. Excel Communications, Inc." relying on a 'useful, concrete and tangible result' analysis should not longer be relied on." In addition, the "Ferguson" majority said, "In "Bilski", this court also rejected the so-called "Freeman-Walter-Abele" test, the "technological arts" test, and the "physical steps" test." In her dissenting opinion, Judge Newman took issue with the majority opinion as an erroneous "sweeping rejection of precedent." She insisted that "Bilski" had left "State Street" partly in effect. She argued that "Bilski" had "recognized that the "State Street Bank" test was directed to processes performed by computer, "thus meeting the "Bilski" test" and pointed to note 18 of the "Bilski" opinion, which stated, "In "State Street", as is often forgotten, we addressed a claim drawn not to a process but to a machine."
A March 2009 district court opinion interpreting "Bilski" "ponderwhether the end has arrived for business method patents." The court then observed:
Without expressly overruling "State Street", the "Bilski" majority struck down its underpinnings. This caused one dissenter, Judge Newman, to write that "State Street" "is left hanging," while another dissenter, Judge Mayer, registered "an emphatic 'yes'" to rejecting "State Street"... Although the majority declined to say so explicitly, "Bilski"'s holding suggests a perilous future for most business method patents.
The court concluded, "The closing bell may be ringing for business method patents, and their patentees may find they have become bagholders."
External links.
Commentary:

</doc>
<doc id="20114617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114617" title="UCSD (disambiguation)">
UCSD (disambiguation)

UCSD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114633" title="Ak Bars">
Ak Bars

Ak Bars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114635" title="Nikël">
Nikël

Nikël is a municipality in the Krujë District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114661" title="Belle Mahone Stakes">
Belle Mahone Stakes

The Belle Mahone Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Run in early to mid August, the ungraded event is open to fillies and mares, age three and older. Raced over a distance of 11/16 miles on Polytrack synthetic dirt, it currently offers a purse of $100,000.
The Belle Mahone Stakes was first run in 1956 but was ended after the 1997 edition. Revived in 2002, there was no race held in 2005.
Records.
Most wins:

</doc>
<doc id="20114668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114668" title="Vic Lambden">
Vic Lambden

Victor David Lambden (25 October 1925 – 4 July 1996) was a professional footballer who played for Bristol Rovers in the Football League. After retiring from professional football, he dropped out of the league to play for Trowbridge Town.
Lambden formed a successful strike partnership with fellow Rovers forward Geoff Bradford, and the pair died just eighteen months apart.

</doc>
<doc id="20114671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114671" title="Class 82">
Class 82

Class 82 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114674" title="Zabranena Lyubov">
Zabranena Lyubov

Zabranena Lyubov () (literal translation: "Forbidden Love") is a soap opera filmed in Bulgaria. Its broadcasting started on 5 October 2008, at 20:00 on Nova Television and its first season ended on 5 June 2009.The soap opera is based on the Australian TV series "Sons and Daughters".
The soap opera rotates around two Sofia families, the affluent Konstantinovs and the low-income Belevs, who are mainly linked together by a central theme of love. It not only deals with the love of siblings who are unaware of each other, but also life in contemporary Bulgarian society. It has tackled controversial issues during its first season such as: murder, arson, kidnapping, abortion, homosexuality, rape, teacher-pupil relations and so on.
Its second season will start in autumn of 2009. Bulgaria's current Prime Minister Boyko Borisov also had a part in one episode as himself.
Characters.
The main protagonists consist of two families, the Konstantinovs and the Belevs.

</doc>
<doc id="20114678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114678" title="Kodër-Thumanë">
Kodër-Thumanë

Kodër-Thumanë is a municipality in the Krujë District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114679" title="Reffye 85 mm cannon">
Reffye 85 mm cannon

The Reffye 85 mm cannon (French: "Canon de campagne de 7 de Reffye modèle 1870") was a French artillery piece of the 19th century, developed by the French artillery General Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye, superintendent of the works at Meudon. The weapon was adopted by the French Army from 1870. It was an 85 mm (3.35-inch) rifled breech-loading cannon, equipped with a breech screw, initially made of bronze. 
The sliding breech block, and the interrupted screw used for sealing were advanced features, but the perfect sealing of the breech would only be achieved two years later with the invention of the de Bange obturator. The cannon used shell cartridges for ammunition. It would be soon superseded by the Lahitolle 95 mm cannon (1875) and especially the De Bange 90 mm cannon (1877). 
De Reffye also developed the Reffye 75 mm cannon in 1873.
De Reffye also developed in 1866 a mitrailleuse (named "Canon à balles"), one of the best early machine guns, which was used during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="20114684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114684" title="Variant object">
Variant object

Variant objects in the context of HTTP are objects served by an Origin Content Server in a type of transmitted data variation (i.e. uncompressed, compressed, different languages, etc.).
HTTP/1.1 (1997–1999) introduces Content/Accept headers. These are used in HTTP requests and responses to state which variant the data is presented in.
Example Scenario.
Client:
Server:

</doc>
<doc id="20114693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114693" title="Andre Pool">
Andre Pool

Andre Pool is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A teacher by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and has been elected to the Assembly four times.

</doc>
<doc id="20114697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114697" title="Thaddeus Fairbanks">
Thaddeus Fairbanks

Thaddeus Fairbanks (January 17, 1796 – April 12, 1886) was an American inventor. He was an inventor of heating and cook stoves, cast iron plows, and other items. His greatest success was the invention and manufacture of the platform scale, which allowed the weighing of large objects accurately.
Biography.
Fairbanks was born in Brimfield, Massachusetts, on January 17, 1796. In 1815 he moved to St. Johnsbury, Vermont, and set up a wheelwright's shop above his father's gristmill. In 1820 he married Lucy Peck Barker. In 1824 he built an iron foundry and his brother Erastus joined him to establish "E. and T. Fairbanks", a partnership to manufacture heating stoves, cast iron plows, and farm implements.
In 1830 Fairbanks and Erastus became interested in the raising and processing of hemp. Fairbanks, being mechanically minded, made and patented a hemp and flax dressing machine at this time. He became the manager of the St. Johnsbury Hemp Company. He also built a set of scales that would measure large loads of hemp accurately, as there were no sure scales at the time that would do this. Upon the success of building these scales his brothers recommended that he make and sell these as town scales. Fairbanks obtained an agent to attempt this and remarked, 
Fairbanks' most famous invention then became the platform scale for weighing heavy objects. These are commonly known as the Fairbanks Scales, for which he patented a design in 1830. Before this time, accurate weighing of objects required hanging them from a balancing beam; as a result, particularly heavy or ungainly objects could not be weighed accurately. A platform scale, if large enough, could weigh an entire wagon. In 1834 Fairbanks and his brothers formed "E. and T. Fairbanks and Company" to manufacture and sell these platform scales. 
These scales were well known in the United States and around the world. The company doubled in volume every three years from 1842 to 1857. There was a temporary slow down during the American Civil War, however the business took off again after the war. Their partnership was incorporated in 1874 into a firm known as "Fairbanks Scale Company" and sold on a large scale. 
These platform scales revolutionized weighing methods of large loads that has been in use ever since. Portable platform scales are found in almost every hardware store, physician's office, and manufacturing factory throughout the United States. The first railway track platform scale patent was granted to Fairbanks on January 13, 1857, as Patent No. 16,381. In 1916 the company was purchased by Fairbanks, Morse and Company. Ownership of the company has since changed several times, but Fairbanks Scales continue to be made in St. Johnsbury to this day.
Fairbanks received 43 patents in his lifetime with the last one at the age 91. He died on April 12, 1886, and is buried at St. Johnsbury, Vermont, at the Mt. Pleasant Cemetery.
Awards.
In 1826 Fairbanks received a patent on a cast iron plow and a refrigerator. In 1830 he received his patent on the platform scale known as the Fairbanks Scales. In 1842 Fairbanks founded St. Johnsbury Academy with his brother Erastus. He also founded the St. Johnsbury Athenaeum, St. Johnsbury Rotary Planetarium, and the Fairbanks Museum.
A painting of Thaddeus Fairbanks can be seen in the lobby of Colby Hall at St. Johnsbury Academy.
Fairbanks received many foreign awards. He was even knighted by the Emperor of Austria and received honors from the Bey of Tunis, and King of Siam.

</doc>
<doc id="20114702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114702" title="Ansley Constance">
Ansley Constance

Ansley Constance is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A teacher by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and has been elected to the Assembly twice.

</doc>
<doc id="20114704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114704" title="Murphy Warehouse Company">
Murphy Warehouse Company

Murphy Warehouse Company is a family-owned, full-service supply chain logistics company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Founded in 1915, Murphy is one of the Upper Midwest's largest asset-based logistics companies and serves more than 250 companies ranging from Fortune 500 to startup companies. The company provides a wide range of services, including warehousing, distribution, transportation, cross-docking, fulfillment and administrative, as well as international logistics through its Midwest International Logistics Center. Murphy is OSHA MNSHARP Certified and ISO 9001:2000 Certified.
History.
In 1904, founder Edward L. Murphy, Sr. purchased two horses and a wagon from his brother, Jack, signifying the beginning of the Murphy Warehouse Company. Today, Murphy operates 11 warehouse facilities, many on or adjacent to rail yards.
Richard T. Murphy, Jr..
Richard T. Murphy, Jr., President and CEO of Murphy Warehouse Company, is the fourth generation of the Murphy family to lead the company. He is the immediate past Board Chair for the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals. Murphy also has a Master of Landscape Architecture from the Harvard Graduate School of Design. He currently is an adjunct assistant professor in the Department of Landscape Architecture at the University of Minnesota. Murphy credits his training in landscape architecture with helping him solve problems in the business world. He often is quoted as an industry leader, including in Traffic World, Market News International, Inbound Logistics Magazine, Distribution Center Management, WERC and CSCMP publications.
Logistics services.
Murphy provides warehousing, distribution, information management, contract logistics, consolidation, transportation, rail transloading, pool distribution, pick and pack, fulfillment, freight brokerage and international support services. Murphy also provides other services, such as labeling, stretch wrapping, product assembly, packaging, re-pack and quality control testing-sampling.
The company also offers international logistics through its Midwest International Logistics Center, which includes a designated U.S. Customs Exam Station (CES), a Container Freight Station (CFS) and a Foreign Trade Zone (FTZ), allowing for modifications to import products before they reach U.S. soil, as well as export services.
Stormwater management system.
In 2008, Murphy Warehouse installed a stormwater management system at its headquarters. The system cost $580,000 to install, captures 95 percent of stormwater on a site that was more than 95 percent impervious, recharges groundwater, filters stormwater for quality, and eliminates a $68,000 annual stormwater assessment from the city. It is the first stormwater system of its kind to be voluntarily constructed on an existing, heavy use commercial site in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Murphy also installed native prairies around the stormwater system, increasing its efficiency, eliminating polluting fertilization and water waste from automatic sprinklers, and saving additional money through reduced maintenance costs of a traditional lawn. For example, at Murphy’s Fridley Campus, a similar installation requires $2,240 per year for of prairie upkeep instead of $21,650 per year for only four acres of lawn care.
In January 2009, the American Council of Engineering Companies recognized Murphy and Wenck Engineers, which assisted in design and installation, with the Minnesota Engineering Excellence Honor Award for the stormwater system. 
Minneapolis mayor R.T. Rybak proclaimed it, “the single best green value that I can see in Minneapolis,” on Earth Day, April 22, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20114706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114706" title="Bernard Adonis">
Bernard Adonis

Bernard Adonis was a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He was a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front (now the People's Party) and was elected to the Assembly for the Plaisance district in 2007. He did not stand in the September 2011 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20114712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114712" title="Çudhi">
Çudhi

Cudhi is a municipality in the Krujë District, Durrës County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20114722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114722" title="Extreme sports at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games">
Extreme sports at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games

Extreme sports at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games was held in Suphanburi X Games Sports Stadium, Suphanburi, Thailand from 14 November to 16 November 2005.
Results.
BMX freestyle.
Flatland.
Preliminary.
November 15
Final.
November 16
Park.
Preliminary.
November 15
Final.
November 17
Park best technical.
November 16
Inline skate.
Park.
Preliminary.
November 15
Final.
November 17
Park best technical.
November 17
Vert.
Preliminary.
November 15
Final.
November 16
Skateboard.
Park.
Preliminary.
November 16
Final.
November 17
Park best technical.
November 16

</doc>
<doc id="20114726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114726" title="Bernard Georges (politician)">
Bernard Georges (politician)

Bernard Georges is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A lawyer by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20114728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114728" title="MV Ranga">
MV Ranga

The motor ship Ranga was a 1,586 tonne container ship owned by the Spanish shipping company, Naviera Ason SA, but on charter to the Icelandic shipping company, Hafskip. She was formerly named "Berta de Perez", but her name was changed at sea to "Ranga", due to the Icelandic charter. The "Ranga" was on her maiden voyage from Santander to Reykjavík . Captain Miguel Ángel Díaz Madariaga. The ship lost power on this voyage during a storm, and was wrecked at at Dunmore Head, close to Coumeenole Beach, near Slea Head on the Dingle peninsula, Co. Kerry, Ireland on 11 March 1982.
Rescue.
The local rescue team rescued some of the fifteen crew members by Breeches buoy. The remainder were taken off by an RAF helicopter.
Captain, 'Miguel Ángel Díaz Madariaga'
Disposal.
The ship was a total loss and created oil pollution as she broke up. The ship broke into two parts quickly, the stern of the ship, with the superstructure on, and the bows. In 1989, the company, Eurosalve tried to scrap her, but this failed due to the inaccessibility of the wreck. The stern section of the wreck was removed in 1991, due to filming of "Far and Away", which included a scene shot at Dunmore Head. Today, the bow and some other scattered pieces of wreckage are visible.

</doc>
<doc id="20114741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114741" title="Pusey, Oxfordshire">
Pusey, Oxfordshire

Pusey is a hamlet and civil parish east of Faringdon in the Vale of White Horse district. It was part of Berkshire until the 1974 boundary changes transferred it to Oxfordshire. The village is just south of the A420 and the parish covers about .
Pusey seems to be a Saxon settlement. Its toponym is derived from the Old English "pise ēg", meaning "pea island". The Domesday Book of 1086 records the village as "Pesei".
The Pusey family held the manor of Pusey from Saxon times. There is a tradition that it was granted to the family by Cnut the Great, by the delivery of a horn (an Anglo-Saxon form of land tenure known as "cornage"). The Pusey Horn is now in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. 
In 1753 the family built Pusey House (not to be confused with Pusey House, Oxford), where Edward Bouverie Pusey, English churchman and Regius Professor of Hebrew at Oxford, was born in 1800.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints was built in 1745–50 for J. A. Pusey.

</doc>
<doc id="20114747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114747" title="Charles DeCommarmond">
Charles DeCommarmond

Charles DeCommarmond is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20114758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114758" title="Juraj Czinege">
Juraj Czinege

Juraj Czinege (born 29 October 1977 in Bratislava) is a Slovak professional footballer, who plays for SV Gols in the Austrian II. Liga Nord.
Club career.
Czinege spent two seasons in the Turkish Super Lig with Elazığspor, one season in the Gambrinus Liga with 1. FC Slovácko and one season in the Greek Super League with Iraklis FC. He previously played for SV Mattersburg Amateurs in the Austrian Regional League East and FC ŠTK 1914 Šamorín.
International career.
Czinege has made four appearances for the full Slovakia national football team.
Czinege also played at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20114760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114760" title="Collin Dyer">
Collin Dyer

Collin Dyer is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A businessman by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20114762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114762" title="Santa Cruz de Coya">
Santa Cruz de Coya

Santa Cruz de Coya was a city established by the governor of Chile Martín García Oñez de Loyola on the site of the fort of Santa Cruz de Oñez, in 1595. It was named for his wife Beatriz Clara Coya, a member of the royal Incan house. The Mapuche called the city "Millacoya", meaning gold princess from the mapudungun "milla", gold and the quechua "coya", princess. 
The city was near the confluence of the Bio-Bio and Laja Rivers on the right bank of the upper reach of the Rele River in Catiray, ten kilometers south of the Bio Bio. The site was in an elevated location but with a shortage of water. Gold mines were located across the Rele on a stream called Millapoa. It had a population that supported three churches but it did not flourish. It was abandoned soon after the Disaster of Curalaba and was destroyed by Pelantaro in February 1599. Goveror Alonso de Ribera attempted to rebuild it in a better site in 1601 closer to the Bio Bio and the forts of San Rosendo, Chivicura and Jesus de Huenuraquí. However it was soon abandoned and a new town of Monterrey de la Frontera was founded by Ribera to the east at the mouth of the Rele in 1605. 
Source

</doc>
<doc id="20114766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114766" title="Clifford Andre">
Clifford Andre

Clifford Andre is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A lawyer and marine captain by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.
Since 2004, The Right Honourable Mr. Clifford Andre has held the position of President within India Ocean Oil (IOO). Indian Ocean Oil is a leading independent offshore oil company operating and growing a global business in Seychelles and the Indian Ocean Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20114770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114770" title="Beth Harwell">
Beth Harwell

Beth Halteman Harwell (born July 24, 1957, in Norristown, Pennsylvania) is the current Speaker of the House in the Tennessee House of Representatives. She serves as Tennessee State Representative from Nashville and former Chairman of the Tennessee Republican Party from 2001 through 2004. A longtime member of the Tennessee House of Representatives since 1988, Harwell was a ranking Republican in the House (former Minority Whip) and Commerce Committee chairwoman, and is one of the female stars of the Republican Party in Tennessee. She is the first woman to serve as Tennessee's Speaker of the House.
In 1978 Harwell received her Bachelor of Arts from Lipscomb University. She received a Ph.D. from Vanderbilt University. She is married to Samuel Harwell. The couple has three children.
Harwell received the Small Business award from the National Federation of Independent Business.
Harwell explored a run for the 2006 U.S. Senate race; however she finally decided against seeking that seat. In May 2007 Harwell said that she was considering running in the 2010 state gubernatorial election.
In 2008, Harwell was the Co-Chair in the Tennessee for John McCain presidential campaign., who won the State electoral votes in the 2008 presidential election on November 3, getting 56.9% of the popular vote against Democrat Barack Obama. During the elections, the Republican Party gained control of both the Tennessee Senate and House for the first time since Reconstruction. In January 2009, Harwell was named chairwoman of the Commerce Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20114772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114772" title="David Payet">
David Payet

David Payet is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A doctor by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114773" title="Yn (disambiguation)">
Yn (disambiguation)

YN, Y.N., or Yn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114776" title="David Pierre">
David Pierre

David Pierre is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A teacher by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20114784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114784" title="Class 83">
Class 83

Class 83 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114789" title="Ginette Gamatis">
Ginette Gamatis

Ginette Gamatis is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A teacher by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20114795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114795" title="Gervais Henrie">
Gervais Henrie

Gervais Henrie is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114804" title="Metropolitan Steamship Company">
Metropolitan Steamship Company

The Metropolitan Steamship Company was for 75 years one of the chief transportation links between New York City and Boston, Massachusetts. It was closely associated with the Whitney family until its acquisition by Charles W. Morse in 1906. Even after being merged into Eastern Steamship Lines, it was maintained as a distinct service, the Metropolitan Line, until 1941.
Metropolitan Steamship Company.
Early history.
The Metropolitan Steamship Company was established by Boston business interests soon after the end of the American Civil War in 1866 to operate steamships on the "outside route" between Boston and New York City around Cape Cod. The company was organized in February 1866 by Peter Butler, James B. Taft, Thomas Clyde, Brigadier General James Scollay Whitney, and Whitney's elder son, Henry Melville Whitney. One of the objectives of the investors was to place in remunerative service vessels they owned which were presently idle. James S. Whitney, who had been collector of customs for the Port of Boston in 1860–61, was elected president; Henry M. Whitney was named agent at Boston. Other members of the family eventually became financially interested in the company, including Whitney's younger son, William Collins Whitney, and his sons-in-law, Henry F. Dimock and Charles T. Barney.
Service was inaugurated in 1866 by Captain George L. Norton with the steamer "Ashland", a wooden propeller of 843 gross tons, built in 1853 at Philadelphia and owned by Thomas Clyde. The "Ashland" was soon followed into service by the "Jersey Blue", "City of Bath", "Mary Sanford", "Salvor", "Relief", "Miami", "Monticello" and "Fairbanks". Oldest of these was the "Jersey Blue", a 368-ton, 133-foot wooden propeller built in 1850 at Newark, New Jersey. All were propellers except the "Miami", a sidewheeler built in 1861–62 by the Philadelphia Navy Yard as the gunboat USS "Miami" and sold for mercantile use in 1865. The line's New York offices were at first located at the foot of Catherine Street, East River, but soon moved to Pier 10, North River, where they remained for nearly half a century.
In December 1866 the wooden propellers "Nereus", "Glaucus" and "Neptune" were purchased from the failed Merchants' Steamship Company. Built in 1864, each was a vessel of 1,800 tons and measured 228 feet in length with a beam of 40 feet. Their hulls had to be strengthened, as they had been built for the more protected waters of Long Island Sound, not the open seas beyond Point Judith. Simple expansion steam engines gave a speed of 13 knots.
Iron steamships.
The line's first iron-hulled propeller, the "General Whitney", was built in 1873 by Harlan & Hollingsworth at Wilmington, Delaware. A vessel of 1,848 tons, she measured 227 feet in length with a beam of 40 feet, and was propelled by two-cylinder compound engines. All of the company's iron steamers were designed by Herman Winter, the line's chief engineer from 1872 to 1891.
Upon the death of James Whitney on October 24, 1878, Henry Whitney was elected his successor as president of the steamship line. In addition, he retained the office of agent at Boston.
In 1884 the 2,625-toon iron propeller "H.F. Dimock" was built by William Cramp and Sons at Philadelphia and named for the line's New York agent. A similar 2,625-ton, 274-foot iron propeller, the "Herman Winter", was built by Cramps in 1887. Both had two-cylinder compound engines. With the construction of the 2,706-ton, 288-foot "H.M. Whitney", powered by triple expansion engines at the Cramp shipyard in 1890, the line possessed four modern iron propellers – the "General Whitney", "H.F. Dimock", "Herman Winter" and "H.M. Whitney", and the older wooden propellers "Glaucus" and "Neptune" (the "Nereus" having been lost while a barge).
Into the 20th century.
While on her customary route from New York to Boston the steamer "H.F. Dimock" collided with William K. Vanderbilt's yacht, the "Alva", in the Pollock Rip Slue, a narrow channel of Vineyard Sound, on July 24, 1892, sinking the "Alva". Captain Henry Morrison of the "Alva" filed suit against the "H.F. Dimock", but both the United States District Court for Massachusetts and the United States Supreme Court ruled against him.
The "H.M. Whitney" was involved in a serious accident while still in harbor on September 28, 1892. While bound from Boston to New York, at 7 p.m. the "H.M. Whitney" was run down and sunk in Boston harbor by the transatlantic steamer "Ottoman" of the Warren Line, bound from Liverpool to Boston. No lives were lost, and the "H.M. Whitney" was refloated and reconditioned for further service
In 1893 the firm of Flint & Company purchased the steamer "El Cid" of the Morgan Line and outfitted her as an auxiliary cruiser named "Nichtheroy"(sold to United States Navy and renamed as USS Buffalo (1892)) for service in the Brazilian Civil War of 1893–94. At one point it was reported that Flint & Company wished to purchase the "H.F. Dimock" or "Herman Winter" from Metropolitan, but nothing came of it.
The "Glaucus" and "Neptune" were withdrawn from service in 1893 and laid up at Brooklyn, New York, where they remained until July 1906, when they were finally towed to Boston for breaking up.
In 1898 the "General Whitney" was chartered by the Morgan Line for service between New Orleans and New york. While carrying copper ingots and barrel molasses she sprang a leak and sank off St. Augustine, Florida, on April 23, 1899. Lifeboats were launched, but as they came ashore in the surf one capsized, drowning Captain Hawthrone and 16 men.
When the Joy Steamship Company established its New York City-Providence, Rhode Island service in 1899, the company also instituted freight-only service between New York and Boston. The Joy Line was acquired by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1906, ending its freight service to Boston.
On January 23, 1900, the "Herman Winter" was bound from New York to Boston when she collided with the freighter "Ardendhu" of the Munson Line off Robinson's Hole, Vineyard Sound. The "Ardendhu" sank with the loss of two crew members, but the "Herman Winter" brought 29 survivors into Vineyard Haven.
In 1900 the 2,707-ton, 278-foot steamer "James S. Whitney" was built to replace the lost "General Whitney". Built by Harlan & Hollingsworth at Wilmington, this modern steel propeller was powered by triple expansion engines.
The annual passenger season for the line was from May to November. In 1903 the line's steamers left India Wharf, Boston, for New York daily at 4 p.m. The evening sailing in the opposite direction from New York was from Pier 14, North River.
Charles W. Morse gains control.
Originally chartered in Massachusetts, the Metropolitan Steamship Company was reincorporated in May 1905 in Maine. In 1906 Whitney and his associates sold a controlling interest in the company to Charles W. Morse of the Eastern Steamship Company. Whitney later said this was the worst mistake he ever made. Morse organized the Consolidated Steamship Company in January 1907 as a holding company for Metropolitan as well as Eastern Steamship Company, Clyde Steamship Company and Mallory Steamship Company. Despite an initial announcement of such a sale, Morse failed in his attempt to purchase the Long Island Sound fleet of the New York, New Haven and Hartford. He did, however, acquire control of the New York and Cuba Mail Steamship Company and the New York and Porto Rico Steamship Company in 1907.
In 1906–07 the steamers "Harvard" and were built by the Delaware River Iron Shipbuilding & Engine Works (the operator of the old John Roach shipyard) at Chester, Pennsylvania, for a Metropolitan subsidiary, the Metropolitan Steamship Company of New Jersey. Each of the 3,731-ton steel propellers measured 407 feet in length with a beam of 61 feet, and had accommodations for 987 overnight passengers. Amongst the first American ships to be fitted with steam turbines, the two ships had a maximum speed of 24 knots and upon entering service were the fastest American-flagged vessels afloat.
Owing to the highly leveraged nature of his financing, the Morse business empire crashed in the Panic of 1907. The Metropolitan Steamship Company went into receivership in February 1908.
The "H.M. Whitney" was outbound from New York to Boston with passengers and freight when a failure of her steering gear caused her to run aground in the Hell Gate channel of the East River on the afternoon of May 23, 1908. After floating off on a rising tide, she anchored in mid-channel, where her lights were concealed by a heavy fog that lay over the river and Long Island Sound all that evening and night. Fortunately, damage was minor, and she was able to proceed when the fog cleared.
During 1907 three modern steamers, the "Massachusetts", "Bunker Hill" and "Old Colony", had been built by Cramps at Philadelphia as package freighters for the Maine Steamship Company, a New Haven subsidiary. Each of the 4,029-ton steel propellers measured 395 feet in length with a beam of 52 feet three inches. The "Massachusetts" and "Bunker Hill" were propelled by steam turbines while the "Old Colony" had reciprocating engines. They were running between New York, Boston and Portland on what was called the Boston Merchants' Line when Charles Sanger Mellen of the New Haven sold a controlling interest in the trio to Morse in 1908.
In the meantime, Morse had been indicted for his role in precipitating the Panic of 1907. He was sentenced to federal prison in November 1908 for violation of federal banking laws but remained free on appeal until January 1910.
Corporate restructuring.
On March 10, 1909, the "H.F. Dimock", bound from New York to Boston, and the coastwise steamer "Horatio Hall" of the Maine Steamship Company collided in the eastern Vineyard Sound shortly after 8 a.m. while sailing at half speed in a heavy fog. The accident occurred in Pollock Rip Slue, not far from where the "H.F. Dimock" had collided with the "Alva" in 1892. Captain John A. Thompson of the "H.F. Dimock" brough his vessel alongside the "Horatio Hall" so that the latter's five passengers could be transferred.
The "Horatio Hall" sank at the edge of the channel. Most of her crew left in lifeboats and were picked up by the "H.F. Dimock", but Captain W. Frank Jewell, the pilot, first mate, and two seamen remained in the pilot house, which remained a few feet above water. (They were picked up later.) The "H.F. Dimock" left the scene at 11:15 a.m. and sailed slowly toward Orleans Life-Saving Station, where she was beached. The passengers and crew were removed by the lifesavers under Captain James H. Charles. Moderately damaged, the "H.F. Dimock" was later hauled off the beach and towed to shipyard for repairs.
On October 8, 1909, Metropolitan's assets were sold at foreclosure sale to John W. McKinnon of Chicago. The company was reincorporated in Maine on October 11, 1909, with Morse as president, McKinnon as vice president, Charles L. Andrews as secretary and Campbell Carrington as treasurer.
The "James S. Whitney" was outbound from New York to Boston when she ran aground in Hell Gate channel at 5:40 p.m. on December 18, 1909. Captain J.W. Crowell found it necessary to give way for a passing Fall River Line package freighter, and while doing so was forced aground by the ebbing tide. It was necessary to lighter part of her cargo before she could be pulled off by tugs. No passengers were on board at the time.
Early on July 15, 1910, the "James S. Whitney" was again in trouble while bound from New York to Boston with a cargo of wool, cotton and oil. She passed Point Judith at 5:30 a.m. and caught fire about half an hour later. In an attempt to reach Vineyard Haven she ran onto the western end of Middle Ground Shoals in Vineyard Sound at 8 a.m. The steamer backed off the shoal at 11:45 a.m. and, accompanied by the revenue cutter "Acushnet", safely reached Vineyard Haven. Contained in one section of the cargo hold, the fire continued to smolder for a couple days but was finally extinguished.
On the afternoon of the next day, July 16, 1910, fire destroyed Piers 14 and 15 on the North River in New York City. The "H.F. Dimock" of the Metropolitan Steamship Company and the "Altemaha" of the Brunswick Line were able to leave their berths with some damage, but two sailors from the "H.F. Dimock" panicked and were drowned. The "Harvard" suffered only some blistered paint and was able to sail on her evening departure for Boston from Pier 9.
Later in 1910 the "Harvard" and "Yale" were leased for $360,000 a year to the Pacific Navigation Company for service between San Francisco and Los Angeles. After a voyage by way of the Strait of Magellan to California, they entered service in December 1910. Sailings were extended to San Diego in 1911. Leased by H.F. Alexander's Admiral Line for service on the same route in 1916, they saw war service in 1918 as military ferries on the English Channel, a locale for which they were well suited. Later, they were operated on their old California coastwise route by the Los Angeles Steamship Company.
Metropolitan Line.
For the 1911 season the "Massachusetts", "Bunker Hill" and "Old Colony" sailed between New York, Boston and Portland, Maine, for the Maine Steamship Company. In 1911 the Metropolitan Steamship Company and Maine Steamship Company were consolidated with the Eastern Steamship Company to form the Eastern Steamship Corporation. The "Massachusetts" and "Bunker Hill" were sent to the Cramp yard in 1912 for the addition of passenger accommodations and conversion to oil fuel. Their sister, the "Old Colony", remained coal-fired.
The line went into receivership in 1914, but emerged in 1917 as Eastern Steamship Lines. The company's Boston-New York service, the Metropolitan Line, began using the Cape Cod Canal in 1916. During World War I the "James S. Whitney" and "H.M. Whitney" were sold to foreign interests, reportedly for $400,000 each, for ocean service. The "H.F. Dimock" and "Herman Winter" were also sold during this period and placed in the banana trade between Mobile, Alabama, and Bocas del Toro, Panama.
After the United States' entry into World War I, the "Massachusetts" and "Bunker Hill" were purchased by the United States Navy in 1917 and converted into minelayers as the (later AK-44) and USS Shawmut (CM-4) (later ).
Eastern assigned the steamers "Camden", "Belfast" and "North Land" to the Metropolitan Line from 1918 to 1925. In 1924 the steamers "Boston" and "New York" were built for the service; they were joined at peak periods by the "North Land". Sailings on the Metropolitan Line had always been summer-only, but Eastern assigned the steamers "George Washington" and "Robert E. Lee" to the route in the off season from 1927 to 1932. When the steamers "Saint John" and "Acadia" were built in 1932, "Saint John" was assigned to the Boston-Saint John, New Brunswick route in the summer, with the "Acadia" on a new route between New York and Yarmouth, Nova Scotia. In the off season both were assigned to the Metropolitan Line.
Service on Eastern's various routes was gradually reduced in the 1930s. The steamer "New York" left Manhattan on the last sailing of the Metropolitan Line on November 29, 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20114807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114807" title="Hardy Lucas">
Hardy Lucas

Hardy Lucas is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20114823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114823" title="Jennifer Vel">
Jennifer Vel

Jennifer Vel is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. An economist by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114824" title="Devil Dub">
Devil Dub

Devil Dub is the 1999 debut album by San Francisco Bay Area band Ben Wa consisting of Anthony "Butthouse" Chaba and Eric "Dr. Ware" Ware (formerly in Limbomaniacs, Big Janitor and MCM & the Monster). 
After forming in 1997, contributing to several compilations and releasing an EP in 1998, "Devil Dub" was the first full length release by the duo. Anthony "Butthouse" Chaba sums up:
Guest musicians finally included avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, drummer Brain (with Primus at this time) and DJ Disk (from the Invisibl Skratch Piklz).
Critics were overwhelmingly warm with the "URB magazine" calling it "one of the most crucial records of any genre released this year".
Personnel.
Notes.
Ben wa humbly acknowledge the following for the inspiration: Scientist, Mad Professor, Lee 'Scratch' Perry, King Tubby, Sly and Robbie, Bill Laswell and Kraftwerk.

</doc>
<doc id="20114831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114831" title="Joevana Charles">
Joevana Charles

Joevana Charles is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. She is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20114836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114836" title="Ghost Town Trail">
Ghost Town Trail

The Ghost Town Trail is a rail trail in Western Pennsylvania that stretches from Black Lick, Indiana County, to Ebensburg, Cambria County. Established in 1991 on the right-of-way of the former Ebensburg and Black Lick Railroad, the trail follows the Blacklick Creek and passes through many ghost towns that were abandoned in the early 1900s with the decline of the local coal mining industry. Open year round to cycling, hiking, and cross-country skiing, the trail is designated as a National Recreation Trail by the United States Department of the Interior.
Development.
Construction of the trail began in 1991 after the Kovalchick Salvage Company of Indiana, Pennsylvania, donated sixteen miles of the Ebensburg and Blacklick Railroad to Indiana County. Twelve miles of that railroad were used for the trail, which originally spanned from Dilltown in Indiana County to Nanty Glo in Cambria County. In 1993, the Cambria and Indiana Railroad donated the Rexis Branch, four miles (6 km) from Rexis near Vintondale to White Mill Station at U.S. Route 422. Another twenty miles (32 km) were added in 2005, extending the trail twelve miles (19 km) west from Dilltown to Black Lick, and eight miles (13 km) east from Nanty Glo to Ebensburg.
Historical sites.
The trail passes many historical sites, particularly sites of abandoned coal mines and their company towns. The ghost towns include Bracken, Armerford, Lackawanna No. 3, Wehrum, Scott Glenn, Webster, Beulah, and Claghorn.
Wehrum.
Wehrum, the largest of the former towns, once contained 230 houses, a hotel, company store, jail, bank, post office, school, and two churches. It was founded in 1901 by Warren Delano, uncle of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, for the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Company, which opened mines in the area. When the mines declined and closed in the 1930s, the town was abandoned. Only one of the houses is still standing, across from the site of the hotel and the remains of the bank vault. One of the few other remnants of Wehrum is a Russian Orthodox Church cemetery that sits in the woods above the trail; the last burials took place in 1927. The trail follows the Pennsylvania Railroad's Ebensburg & Blacklick line past Wehrum, which opened in 1903.
Claghorn.
Construction of Claghorn by Lackawanna Coal began in 1903. Due to an economic downturn, work was suspended in 1904. The Vinton Colliery Company purchased the partially built town in 1916 and opened six mines in the area. The company constructed 84 houses, a three-story 22 room hotel, a building that served as a school and theater, and a company store. The Ebensburg-Black Lick line of the Pennsylvania Railroad extended past Claghorn. The mines were closed in 1924, and houses were rented until after World War II when the town was abandoned.
Buena Vista Furnace.
Named after the Mexican-American War's Battle of Buena Vista, the hot blast iron furnace was built in 1847. The thirty-foot furnace used iron ore, limestone, and charcoal mined nearby to produce up to 400 tons of pig iron per year. The operation was started by partners Henry McClelland, Elias McClelland, and Stephen Johnson who acquired along the Blacklick Creek. The property containing the furnace eventually totaled and included a sawmill and several boarding houses to accommodate the more than 60 workers.
As early as 1850, the furnace was struggling financially and forced to close. Ownership passed to Dr. Alexander Johnson, who sought experienced individuals to run the furnace. When Johnson died in 1874, he stipulated that his estate be divided amongst his three children. The courts ruled that the estate "could not be parted or divided ... without injury to or prejudice to or spoiling the whole thereof." The Court awarded the property to Johnson's son Stephen, one of the original partners in the project. On February 17, 1901, the property was sold to Judge A.V. Barker on behalf of the Lackawanna Iron and Steel Company, who acquired a total of over of coal land in Indiana and Cambria counties. The deed passed to Warren Delano and his Delano Coal Company, established as a subsidiary of Lackawanna Steel.
Facing financial troubles during the Great Depression, the mines were shut down. A civic group, the Buena Vista Furnace Park Association, was organized shortly after in hopes of acquiring the furnace to create a public historical park. According to the group, an attempt was made by Henry Ford to obtain the furnace for his Greenfield Village project. On November 5, 1957, the Delano Coal Company sold the property to the Historical & Genealogical Society of Indiana County.
Due to difficult access and a flood in 1977, repairs had been minimal until the trail was extended past the site in 2005. The furnace is located along the trail in Brush Valley Township, Indiana County, about one-half mile west of PA 56.
Eliza Furnace.
The Eliza Furnace, also known as Ritter's Furnace, operated between 1846 and 1849. It is one of the best-preserved hot blast iron furnaces in Pennsylvania, one of the first in the area, and is on the National Register of Historic Places. At its peak the furnace produced about 1080 tons of iron, employed over 90 men and boys, and used 45 mules.
During the 1830s and 1840s, partners David Ritter and George Rodgers acquired several thousand acres in the Blacklick Valley and began construction of the furnace in 1845. Before completion, Rodgers sold his share to Lot Irvin, a farmer from Centre County. The furnace was one of the region's first to use the hot blast method. After the iron was produced at Eliza, it was carried by wagon to Nineveh (modern day Seward) in Westmoreland County or Johnstown, where it was transported by the Pennsylvania Canal to Pittsburgh. In 1848 the furnace produced over 1000 out of an estimated capacity of 1800 tons of iron. But the operation soon began to decline.
The furnace operation encompassed , though Ritter and Irvin owned much more. The property included many related buildings such as a casting house and a stove house, twenty-one log homes, a wagon shop, smoke house, stable, sawmill, boarding house, and store. The employees were often paid in kind rather than in cash. The furnace was never able to achieve a profit and was forced to close for several reasons: the Pennsylvania Railroad chose the Conemaugh Valley for its new route rather than the Blacklick, the furnace utilized outdated technologies, and the cost of hauling iron to the Canal was high. David Ritter experienced financial problems, losing property in Armagh as payment when sued by former partner George Rodgers for $350. In July 1848, the property was seized and sold at sheriff's sale to Soloman Alter and Joseph Replier of Philadelphia. After being purchased by Alter and Replier, the property passed hands many times before ultimately passing from Manor Realty of the Pennsylvania Railroad to the Cambria County Historical Society.
The furnace is located at Vintondale, near the midpoint of the trail. The site also contains a picnic area, restrooms, and historical signs.
Economic impact and funding.
In October 1996, interns from the Southwestern Pennsylvania Heritage Preservation Commission and Penn State's School of Forest Resources completed an economic impact study of the trail. The study concluded that the trail is providing a positive impact on the region. Average daily expenditures of resident visitors was $4.33 per day while non-residents spent $9.28 daily. Attendance during the May to October period was 66,000, of which 23% were from outside of Cambria and Indiana counties. The overall impact of the trail during the period totaled $362,000.
The trail obtained much of the property through donated right-of-ways. Since its establishment, the trail has been supported by the Keystone Grant Funding, a program that will match a donation from a variety of private, local, state, and federal groups.
External links.
Creek Trail Page]

</doc>
<doc id="20114857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114857" title="Joseph François (politician)">
Joseph François (politician)

Joseph François is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114869" title="Firefox Sync">
Firefox Sync

Firefox Sync, originally branded Mozilla Weave, is a browser synchronization feature that allows users to partially synchronize bookmarks, browsing history, preferences, passwords, filled forms, add-ons and the last 25 opened tabs across multiple computers.
It keeps user data on Mozilla servers, but the data is encrypted in such a way that no third party, not even Mozilla, can access user information. It is also possible for the user to host their own Firefox Sync servers, or indeed, for any entity to do so.
Firefox Sync was originally an add-on for Mozilla Firefox 3.x and SeaMonkey 2.0, but it has been a built-in feature since Firefox 4.0 and SeaMonkey 2.1.
Firefox Home.
Firefox Home is a companion application for the iPhone and iPod Touch based on the Firefox Sync technology. It allows users of either device to access their Firefox browsing history, bookmarks and recent tabs. It also includes Firefox's "Awesomebar" location bar. Firefox Home is not a browser; the application launches pages in either a Webkit Web viewer or in Safari. Mozilla pulled Firefox Home from the App Store in September 2012, stating it would focus its resources on other projects. The company subsequently released the source code of Firefox Home's underlying synchronization software.
Sync Server.
Mozilla also offers a synchronization server application for use with Firefox Sync, for users and businesses that prefer to host their own synchronization data.

</doc>
<doc id="20114889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114889" title="Jean-François Ferrari">
Jean-François Ferrari

Jean-François Ferrari is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A journalist by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007 after being proportionally elected in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20114899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114899" title="Marc Naiken">
Marc Naiken

Marc Naiken is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114902" title="LNWR Jubilee Class">
LNWR Jubilee Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Jubilee Class was a class of 4-4-0 4-cylinder compound locomotives by F.W. Webb. A total of forty were built from 1897–1900.
Slightly unusually for the LNWR, the class received a number series, this being 1901–1940.
As with other Webb compounds, they were mechanically unreliable. As a result, George Whale rebuilt these as two cylinder simple locomotives of the Renown Class, starting with 1918 "Renown" in 1908. Rebuilt engines retained their numbers. Rebuilding continued so that at the grouping of 1923, only 9 Jubilees remained. These were 1903/4/8/11/12/15/23/27/29. 1908 "Royal George" was withdrawn in January 1923, but the remaining eight were allocated the LMS numbers 5110–5117, in sequence. Two, 1904 "Rob Roy" and 1923 "Agamemnon" were withdrawn 1923, without receiving new numbers. The LMS rebuilt the remaining six into Renowns in 1924, making the class extinct. (Their subsequent history is discussed at LNWR Renown Class).

</doc>
<doc id="20114907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114907" title="Marc Volcere">
Marc Volcere

Marc Volcere is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114909" title="Bogoslovni vestnik">
Bogoslovni vestnik

Bogoslovni vestnik, subtitled "Theological Quarterly, Ephemerides Theologicae", is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on theology published by the Faculty of Theology of the University of Ljubljana. It is the oldest Slovenian scholarly journal in the field of humanities. Articles are in English, French, German, Italian, Latin, or Slovenian. The journal is abstracted in "Religious and Theological Abstracts".

</doc>
<doc id="20114913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114913" title="Michel Marie">
Michel Marie

Michel Marie is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114919" title="OpenCrowd">
OpenCrowd

OpenCrowd is a New York City based privately held services firm that designs and implements user centric custom applications. Implementations cover rich internet applications, social media applications, mobile applications and cloud applications.
Founded in 2005, it is headed by Sushil Prabhu as CEO, formerly CTO at Scient, with Bob Howe, founder of IBM’s consulting practice, and former CEO of Scient, serving as its Chairman.
Solutions.
OpenCrowd provides three primary solution offerings:

</doc>
<doc id="20114920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114920" title="Mitzy Larue">
Mitzy Larue

Mitzy Larue is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A teacher by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20114926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114926" title="Marie-Antoinette Rose">
Marie-Antoinette Rose

Marie-Antoinette Rose is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A journalist by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2006 on a proportional basis; she was reelected in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114928" title="Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye">
Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye

Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye (30 July 1821 – 6 December 1880) was a French artillery general of the 19th century, and superintendent of the works at Meudon. He was a former ordnance officer for Napoleon III. He also established the gun manufacture in Tarbes.
Reffye mitrailleuse.
De Reffye developed in 1866 the Reffye mitrailleuse (named "Canon à balles"), one of the best early machine guns, which was used during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870. It was based on the earlier Belgian Montigny mitrailleuse of 1863.
Breech-loading cannons.
Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye took a key role in introducing rifled breech loading cannons, a marked improvement over the previous La Hitte system which had been in place since 1858. The La Hitte system used rifled weapons, but they were muzzle-loading, which had the advantage of structural strength, but the disadvantage of slowness in loading.
In 1870, de Reffye developed the Reffye 85mm cannon, an 85 mm (3.35-inch) rifled breech-loading cannon, equipped with a breech screw, initially made of bronze. The cannon used shell cartridges for ammunition. 
De Reffye also developed the Reffye 75mm cannon in 1873. His cannons would be soon superseded by the Lahitolle 95mm cannon and especially the De Bange 90mm cannon.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20114939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114939" title="Marie-Louise Potter">
Marie-Louise Potter

Marie-Louise Potter is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. She is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993. In 2007 she became the leader of Government Business.

</doc>
<doc id="20114941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114941" title="Raw Opium">
Raw Opium

Raw Opium is a 2011 documentary film and two-part TV series produced by Robert Lang of Kensington Communications, directed by Peter Findlay and written by Peter Findlay and Robert Lang. The documentary examines the worldwide opium trade, and the vast criminal and public health issues that have arisen alongside.
Raw Opium is a journey around the world and through time, where conflicting forces do battle over the narcotic sap of the opium poppy. From an opium master in southeast Asia to a UN drug enforcement officer on the border of Afghanistan hunting down the smugglers of Central Asia; from a former Indian government Drug Czar and opium farmer to a crusading Vancouver doctor and Portuguese street worker who daily confront the realities of drug addiction.
We see how this flower has played, and continues to play, a pivotal role – not just in the lives of people who grow, manufacture and use it – but also in the increasingly tense sphere of international relations. In the process, our assumptions about addiction and the War on Drugs are challenged.
Production Credits.
Director: Peter D. Findlay
Producer: Robert Lang
Written by: Peter D. Findlay, Robert Lang
Associate Producer / Researcher: Scott Calbeck
Cinematographers: Derek Rogers, Jonathan Bland
Editor: Michael Fuller
Sound Recordists: Mike Fillipov, Ao Loo, Kevin Pinto
Production Manager: David Meth
Original Music: John Findlay
Narration: Peter D. Findlay, John Kramer
Narrator: John Ralston
Editorial Consultant: John Kramer
Head of Development: David Oppenheim
Executive Producer: Robert Lang
Produced by Kensington Communications Inc. in association with TVO, Canal D (owned by Astral Media), SCN, CTV Two, ZDF-ARTE, and SBS-TV Australia. Produced with the participation of the Ontario Media Development Corporation, and Rogers Documentary Fund. Produced with the financial participation of Canadian Television Fund, and with the assistance of the Docs Completion Fund.
People in the documentary.
Christer Brannerud: Project lead, United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), Tajikistan
Dr. Gabor Maté: Physician, Author, Public Speaker, Vancouver, Canada
Peter Dale Scott: Author and Commentator, Berkeley, USA
Larry Mendosa: Special Agent, Drug Enforcement Administration, USA
Gwynne Dyer: Author, Historian, Journalist, London, UK
Misha Glenny: Journalist, Author, UK
Darwin Fisher: Intake manager, Insite, Vancouver, Canada
Derek Thomas: Client at Insite, Vancouver, Canada
Eugene Oscapella: Barrister and Solicitor, Ottawa, Canada
Pam Squire, MD.: Doctor, Pain Management Specialist, Vancouver, Canada
Daniel Reid: Author and Historian, Australia
Peresia and Danglesia Kathak: Opium farmers, Arunachal Pradesh, India
Romesh Bhattacharji: Former Narcotics Commissioner, India
Rui Reis: Outreach worker, Institute on Drugs and Drug Addiction, Lisbon, Portugal
Screenings.
Find out where the documentary is screening and where it has screened on the website: Upcoming Screenings and Broadcasts
Broadcasts.
The 2-part TV documentary has been shown in several countries. 
References.
Notes from the official website: http://kensingtontv.com/rawopium/film/

</doc>
<doc id="20114943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114943" title="Nicholas Prea">
Nicholas Prea

Nicholas Prea is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. An engineer by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20114944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114944" title="Pilkington (disambiguation)">
Pilkington (disambiguation)

Pilkington the largest glass manufacturer in the United Kingdom.
Pilkington may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20114945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114945" title="LNWR Alfred the Great Class">
LNWR Alfred the Great Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Alfred the Great class, after modification known as the Benbow Class was a class of 4-4-0 4-cylinder compound locomotives by F.W. Webb. A total of forty were built from 1901–1903. They were a development of the Jubilee Class, with a slightly larger boiler. 
Unusually for the LNWR, the locomotives were assigned a number series, this being 1941-80.
Compounds had proven unreliable, so starting in 1908 Whale started rebuilding the Jubilees into the 2 cylinder simple Renown Class. Bowen-Cooke started the same process with the Benbows in 1913, and these too were added to the Renown Class. Rebuilt engines retained their numbers. Benbow 1974 "Howe" was superheated in 1921; the only member of the class so treated.
Number 1976 "Lady Godiva" was withdrawn in December 1922 without rebuilding. By the grouping of 1 January 1923, when the LNWR passed into London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) ownership, 25 had been rebuilt to Renowns, leaving fourteen Benbows. Of these, 1956 was withdrawn in early 1923, before it could be allocated an LMS number, but the remaining 13—1944/52–55/64/66/67/69/70/74/77/79 were allocated the LMS numbers 5118–5130, sequentially. The LMS continued conversions, rebuilding another eight—1952–54/64/67/69/70/74 in 1923/4. The remainder four Benbows 1944/55/66/79 were withdrawn between 1923–1927, the last being 1974 "Howe" in 1928 – none of these last five received their allocated LMS numbers. And thus the class was made extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="20114947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114947" title="Norbert Loizeau">
Norbert Loizeau

Norbert Loizeau is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. An engineer by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114965" title="Patrick Herminie">
Patrick Herminie

Patrick Herminie is the Speaker of the National Assembly of Seychelles, to which post he was elected on May 29. 2007. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993.
References.
EDUCATIONAL RECORDS
1995 Master in Public Health, Nuffield Institute, University of Leeds, England
1990 Doctorate in General Medicine, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic 
1982 Seychelles College (“A Levels”) 
1980 Seychelles College (“O Levels”)
INSERVICE TRAINING
1997 Training of Trainers (Epidemic Control) Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
1998 Certificate in Aviation Medicine, Kings College, London
PROFESSIONAL CAREER
1990 Medical Officer, Seychelles Hospital, Seychelles
1992 Senior Medical Officer, Seychelles Hospital, Seychelles
1995 Director, Environmental Health Section, Ministry of Health
1996 Director General, Disease Prevention and Control, Ministry of Health
1998 Director General, Division of Primary Health Care, Ministry of Health
2000-
2003 Director General, Disease Prevention and Control, Ministry of Health 
POLITICAL CAREER
1992 Member of the Commission drafting the Constitution of the third Republic of Seychelles
1993 Elected Member of the National Assembly for English River Constituency
1998 Re-elected Member for the National Assembly for the English River Constituency
1998-
2007 Leader of Government Business in the National Assembly (Majority Leader)
1998 
to 2010 Member of the Central Committee of the Seychelles People’s Progressive Front (The present ruling party)
2003 Re-elected Member of the National Assembly for English River Constituency
2007-
2011 Oct. Speaker of the 4th National Assembly of Seychelles
2011 Oct.
to date Speaker of the 5th National Assembly of Seychelles

</doc>
<doc id="20114971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114971" title="Roy Nibourette">
Roy Nibourette

Roy Nibourette is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20114982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114982" title="Regina Alcindor">
Regina Alcindor

Regina Alcindor is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A nurse by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly on a proportional basis in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20114987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114987" title="45th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival">
45th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival

The 45th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival () was held from October 10 to 19 2008 in Antalya, Turkey. Awards were presented in the 45th Antalya Golden Orange Festival in 20 categories of three competition divisions and in the 4th Eurasia Film Festival in 4 categories. The award ceremony took place on October 19, 2008 at the Konyaaltı Amphitheatre in the downtown of Antalya. It was run in conjunction with the 4th International Eurasia Film Festival.
Jury.
Following cinema professionals formed the juries:
Nominees.
Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival.
Following 15 national films (in alphabetical order) were nominated to compete for the Golden Orange Award:

</doc>
<doc id="20114989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114989" title="Tomasz Gapiński">
Tomasz Gapiński

Tomasz Gapiński (born 8 July 1982 in Piła, Poland) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who was riding in 2007 Speedway Grand Prix of Europe. He was won Team Polish Champion titles in 1999 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20114992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114992" title="Georgia Career Information System">
Georgia Career Information System

The Georgia Career Information System (GCIS) provides current, accurate occupational and educational information to schools and agencies throughout Georgia in order to help young people and adults make informed career choices. It is the main service of the Georgia Career Information Center (GCIC). 
Working with educational and labor market professional, GCIS contains assessments, explorations, and search strategies as well as the most comprehensive and accurate state and national occupational and educational information. In addition to career management tools for individuals, tools are available to assist administrators. Each year, about 625,000 Georgians access GCIS from around 1,250 sites.
A further initiative, the "Georgia Career Information System Junior" (GCIS Junior) provides career development information for elementary and middle school students in a fun and rewarding structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20114993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114993" title="Masters France">
Masters France

The Masters France (sponsored by BNP Paribas) is a professional tennis exhibition round robin singles-only tournament, played on indoor hard courts, specifically Plexicushion. It is held annually in December at the Palais des Sports de Toulouse in Toulouse, France, since 2008. The eight players qualified for the event are the top seven French players, based on their performance in the four Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tournaments held in France, the Marseille Open 13, the Metz Open de Moselle, the Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon, and the Paris BNP Paribas Masters, and an eighth French player receiving a wild card.
History.
Creation.
In February 2008, during the 2008 Open 13 in Marseille, three former professional French tennis players, Jean-François Caujolle, Gilles Moretton and Jean-Louis Haillet announced the creation on their impulse, and with the participation of the French Tennis Federation (Fédération Française de Tennis - FFT) of a special year-end event for French tennis players, intended to reinforce competition in the four existing French ATP events on the tour, recreate an event similar to the defunct French National Singles Championships, and bring back a large tennis event in Toulouse after the discontinuation of the Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse in 2000. The "Masters France" was conceived as a round robin tournament with a prize money of 280,000€, with two groups of four players, to determine the finalists, matches played in two sets and a match tie-break, and including the seven players having won the most ATP points in the four French ATP events of Marseille, Metz, Lyon and Paris, and an additional wild card. The event, first planned to be played in November, right after the BNP Paribas Masters, was moved to late December, and the surface of choice was changed from a fast indoor hard court to a slower Plexicushion court, to transform the event into a warm-up tournament for the following year's Australian Open.
First event.
The first "Masters France" was scheduled to be played from December 18 through December 21, with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Paul-Henri Mathieu, Gilles Simon, Julien Benneteau, Adrian Mannarino, Nicolas Mahut, Marc Gicquel and Richard Gasquet as the wild card. Tsonga decided to withdraw on December 2, explaining he wanted to delay his return to competition, and set up his own preparation at the end of December for the 2009 Australian Open, and was replaced by Michaël Llodra. Gasquet also withdrew on December 9, due to a lack of preparation after being sidelined for several weeks due to injury, and was replaced by Arnaud Clément. Mahut eventually pulled out on December 16, two days before the event, and was replaced by Lyon quarterfinalist and Rennes Challenger winner Josselin Ouanna.
Gicquel, Ouanna, Clément and Mannarino were eventually eliminated in the round robin stage of the event, with Julien Benneteau and Paul-Henri Mathieu qualifying for the third place match, and Gilles Simon and Michaël Llodra for the final. The third place match was dominated by Mathieu until 7–5, 4–4, when Benneteau managed to break back, and kept his momentum to win the match tie-break, and clinch the tournament's third place, on the score of 5–7, 6–4, 10–4. The final saw Simon took the early advantage, as the Tennis Masters Cup semifinalist broke Llodra twice to lead 5–1, before the Adelaide and Rotterdam titlist lined up 6 straight games to win the set 7–5. Both players broke each other repeatedly in the second set, until the tie-break, where Simon saved two match points for Llodra, and snatched the set 7–6(7). Already diminished by an arm strain, Llodra decided to retire, allowing the World No. 7, winner of Casablanca, Indianapolis and Bucharest during the season, to become the first champion of the Masters France.

</doc>
<doc id="20114994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20114994" title="Sandy Arissol">
Sandy Arissol

Sandy Arissol is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A laboratory technician by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles National Party, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20115005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115005" title="Terence Mondon">
Terence Mondon

Terence Mondon is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20115009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115009" title="Vicky Theresine">
Vicky Theresine

Vicky Theresine is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. A teacher by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly on a proportional basis in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20115015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115015" title="Waven William">
Waven William

Waven William is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles. He is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20115018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115018" title="Blohm &amp; Voss P.194">
Blohm &amp; Voss P.194

__NOTOC__
The Blohm & Voss P.194 was a design for a mixed-power ground-attack aircraft and tactical bomber developed in Germany during World War II. Like some of Richard Vogt's other designs for Blohm & Voss, the P.194 featured an asymmetric layout.
Along with the P.192, P.193, and P.196, the P.194 was one of four designs Blohm & Voss submitted in response to a requirement issued by the RLM in February 1944 for a replacement for the venerable Junkers Ju 87. The basic design of the aircraft echoed that of the BV 141: the crew and weapons carried in a nacelle separate from the main fuselage structure that carried a propeller-driven engine at one end and the empennage at the other, joined together by a common wing. In the P.194, however, a turbojet was to be added at the rear of the cockpit pod and the design intended that the thrust from this engine would help balance the thrust from the propeller. A powerful cluster of guns was to be located in the nose, and a bombload of up to 500 kg (1,100 lb) was to be carried in an internal bomb bay in the fuselage.
All four Blohm & Voss designs were rejected by the RLM, which instead selected the Messerschmitt Me 262 to fill the tactical bomber role. 

</doc>
<doc id="20115022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115022" title="Clark Gayton">
Clark Gayton

Clark Gayton is an American multi-instrumentalist, musician, composer and musicians' rights advocate.
Biography.
Born as Carver Clark Gayton Jr. to Carver Clark Gayton and Mona Marie Lombard, Clark Gayton is a professional musician (trombone, euphonium, tuba, sousaphone, cornet, keyboards, piano), composer and producer. 
Clark studied music with Floyd Standifer, JoAnn Christen, Curry Morrison, Julian Priester, Joe Brazil and Buddy Catlet while attending Garfield High School. After graduating from high school in 1981, Clark received a scholarship to attend the Berklee College of Music, where he studied with Phil Wilson, Tom Plsek and Tony Lada. He graduated in 1984 and moved to Oakland before moving to New York in 1987 where he lives to this day.
Since living in New York, Clark has worked and recorded with some of the finest jazz musicians in the world, such as Charles Tolliver, Lionel Hampton, McCoy Tyner, The Duke Ellington Orchestra, the Mingus Big Band, Ted Nash and Odeon, Ben Allison & Medicine Wheel, the Carnegie Hall Jazz Orchestra, the Count Basie Orchestra, Clark Terry, Nancy Wilson, and Ray Charles. Clark toured with Bruce Springsteen as part of the Seeger Sessions band. Clark has recorded or performed with Prince, Rihanna, Brazilian Girls, Steel Pulse, Wyclef Jean, Queen Latifah, Quincy Jones, Sting, Whitney Houston, Stevie Wonder, Santana, Maxwell, The Skatalites, and Bad Brains, to name a few. He performs regularly with his band, Explorations in Dub, at Nublu in New York City. He has appeared in the movies Malcolm X, Sweet and Lowdown, and Kansas City. He has performed frequently with Conan O'Brien's house band as a substitute for Richie "LaBamba" Rosenberg. In addition, he is a strong advocate for musicians’ rights and has been a panelist for discussions about the online and independent music industry.
Family influence and early music history.
He is the son of Carver Clark Gayton and Mona Marie Lombard and is the great-grand nephew of the legendary New Orleans musician, Manuel "Fess" Manetta.
The first two professionally trained musicians on his maternal side were Jules and Deuce Manetta who founded the Pickwick Brass Band who played cornet and trombone, respectively. Deuce, trained classically in France, was said to be the first slide trombone player in New Orleans. Valve trombone was the instrument of choice at the time. Their nephew was Manuel Manetta. He began on violin and guitar, but did his first paid work as a pianist for Countess Willie Piazza. He played with Buddy Bolden in 1903. By 1910 he had mastered cornet, saxophone and trombone. Manuel played at Tuxedo Hall with the Eagle band. He went to Chicago in 1913, then returned to New Orleans, played locally for 5 years. He went to Los Angeles in November 1919 to join Kid Ory. He returned home shortly afterwards and toured as pianist for with Martels' Family Band, then played piano in Ed Allen's Band on riverboats. He settled down in New Orleans where his versatility and musicianship enabled him to work with many bands and orchestras including Papa Celestine's, Arnold Du Pas and Manual Perez's, and solo work at Lulu White's. In later years he became the most renowned teacher in New Orleans. He gave occasional public appearances well into his seventies, making a specialty of playing two brass instruments simultaneously. Manuel had a sister, Olivia who had three daughters and a son, Lucille (Clark's grandmother, piano), Dolly (Adams, played all instruments, mother of Justin, Placide, and Gerry Adams), Gladys (piano), and Lawrence (trombone). All were born in Algiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20115023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115023" title="Avonbridge railway station">
Avonbridge railway station

Avonbridge railway station was a station on the Slamannan Railway. The line connected mines and villages in the Central Scotland.
History.
Opened by the Slamannan Railway, then joining the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, was absorbed into the North British Railway. It became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station was then closed by that company.
The site today.
The station has been demolished but a set of level crossing gates mark the site.[http://www.railscot.co.uk/Slamannan_Railway/frame.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20115031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115031" title="Wilby Lucas">
Wilby Lucas

Wilby Lucas is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles, currently serving as that body's deputy speaker. A lawyer by profession, he is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20115041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20115041" title="John Robertson (New South Wales politician)">
John Robertson (New South Wales politician)

John Cameron "Robbo" Robertson MP (born 16 November 1962), an Australian politician, is the Leader of the Australian Labor Party in New South Wales and the Leader of the Opposition. Robertson is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Blacktown for Labor since 2011. He is a former Minister for Transport and served as a member of the Legislative Council between 2008 and 2011.
Early life and personal background.
Robertson was born at Ryde Hospital in New South Wales to parents Don and Rowena Robertson, the elder of two boys. Don Robertson conscripted his son into handing out how to vote cards in the 1972 Australian elections.
He was educated at Denistone East Primary School and Ryde High School. His first job was working for Woolworths packing shopping bags at the age of 15.
He left school at 16 and began working as an apprentice electrical fitter. He worked as one from 1979 until 1987, even working on the New South Wales Parliament building to which he has now been elected. He claims to be the only person to have worked on the construction of that building, as well as being voted into office.
He is married to Julie McLeod and they have three children.
Union career.
During his time as electrician he became an organizer for the Electrical Trades Union in 1986. In 1991 he became an Industrial Officer with the Labor Council of New South Wales, and then its Executive Officer in 1998.
Later in life, he took up tertiary studies, and studied at the University of Technology, Sydney and graduated with a Graduate Diploma of Human Resources.
In 1998 he became the Assistant Secretary of the Labor Council. As Assistant Secretary, he had responsibility for the building and construction industry, breweries, local government, public sector policy, the oil industry and Sydney Water. In 2000, he ran the State Wage Case for the Labor Council before the Industrial Relations Commission of New South Wales. The case was historic in that it was the first one heard in Wollongong, New South Wales rather than Sydney. The Commission granted workers a $15 per week pay rise.
In 2001 he was elected unopposed as the Secretary of Unions NSW (formerly the Labor Council of New South Wales) replacing Michael Costa. One of his first acts as Secretary was to organize a blockade of the New South Parliament to protest against the introduction of workers compensation law reforms. The blockade did not change the government's plans. During his term as secretary, he headed the organisation as it sold its holiday property “Currawong” to finance a campaign to stop the implementation of WorkChoices by the Federal Howard Government. The deal was said to have benefited the developers as the purchase was at "about half the price" of other bids for the property. Currawong had been established in 1949 to allow the union movement to provide poor kids with decent holidays. Robertson denied the deal was at less than value as it was an unconditional sale compared to other bids which were conditional on building approval.
He has been on the Administrative Committee of the Australian Labor Party since 2005 and he became the Vice-President of Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) in 2006. As member of the group Labor for Refugees, Robertson fought in 2002 to overturn the Labor Party's policy on asylum seekers, which mimicked the policy of the Howard Government at the time. 
Robertson was a pivotal player in the campaign to replace Federal Opposition Leader Kim Beazley with Kevin Rudd in 2006.
Robertson has held other roles. In 1993 he was a member of the Building and Construction Industry Long Service Payments Corporation. He was a Director of WorkCover NSW between 2001 and 2007. In 2002 he was appointed a Director of the Parramatta Stadium Trust. In 2006 he became a member of the New South Wales Heritage Council. Robertson was a director of Energy Australia between 1998 and 2003, as well as a Director of 2KY Broadcasters between 1998 and 2001.
He has co-authored the book "Your Rights at Work", which was published in 1993.
Political career.
On 18 October 2008 he was endorsed to be the Labor Party candidate to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of former State Treasurer Michael Costa. He was subsequently appointed to the New South Wales Legislative Council to fill that casual vacancy. Costa was Robertson’s predecessor at Unions NSW, and ironically, was one of the causes that led to Costa’s resignation due to blocking of the privatisation of the NSW power industry.
Shortly after his swearing in, former Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating sent a scathing letter to Robertson stating that Keating was "ashamed to share membership of the same party" as him. Keating's view of Robertson was that his opposition to the privatisation bid would cost Labor dearly at the next State election.
Robertson won the seat of Blacktown in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly at the March 2011 election that resulted in Labor being heavily defeated. After Keneally announced she was standing down as state Labor leader and returning to the backbench, Robertson was heavily tipped to succeed her. On 31 March, Robertson was elected unopposed as leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition. His immediate task was rebuilding a party that had seen its caucus more than halved in the election held a week earlier—a result that Robertson said the party deserved, calling it "a devastating result, a message that was sent to us."

</doc>
