<doc id="20130084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130084" title="Marko Attila Hoare">
Marko Attila Hoare

Marko Attila Hoare (born 1972) is a British historian of the former Yugoslavia who also writes about the current affairs of Southeast Europe, especially the Balkans including Turkey and the Caucasus.
Biography.
Hoare is the son of the British translator Quintin Hoare and the Croatian journalist and historian Branka Magaš. In his early articles, he signed his name simply as 'Attila Hoare', but since 1999 his articles have been signed Marko Attila Hoare. He is a regular contributor the to the Bosnian Institute, UK and other academic publications.
Hoare has been studying the history of the former Yugoslavia since 1993. In the summer of 1995, he acted as translator for the humanitarian aid convoy to the Bosnian town of Tuzla, organised by Workers' Aid for Bosnia, a movement of solidarity in support of the Bosnian people. His degrees in History are a BA (1994) (later converted to an MA) from the University of Cambridge and a MPhil (1997) and PhD from Yale University (2000). 
In 1998-2001, he lived and worked in Belgrade, Serbia, and was resident there during the Kosovo War of 1999, and worked a war crimes investigator at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, where he participated in the drafting of the indictment against Milošević. Subsequently Hoare was a research assistant at the Bosnian Institute in London (founded by his father Quintin), a British Academy Postdoctoral Research Fellow and a research fellow of the History Faculty of the University of Cambridge, He has been Reader at Kingston University in London since 2006.
He had been Greater Europe Co-Director and then European Neighbourhood Section Director of the Henry Jackson Society (HJS); in 2012, he resigned from the HJS, saying it has became "an abrasively right-wing forum with an anti-Muslim tinge". He is also an advisory editor of "Democratiya", and a member of the editorial board of "Spirit of Bosnia", an international, interdisciplinary, bilingual, online journal. His blog, "Greater Surbiton", concentrates on international developments, and 'revisionists' of the recent history of the Balkans, such as Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky. He is a signatory of the Euston Manifesto, and was formerly connected with the British website Harry's Place. He has written also for "Prospect" and "Standpoint" magazine. He is working on a history of modern Serbia.
Hoare was a childhood friend of Ed Miliband, leader of the Labour Party (UK). In 2010, he appeared in Channel 4's TV docu-drama "Miliband of Brothers", where he commented on his memories of Miliband and his brother David Miliband. In criticising the position of the Conservative London Major Boris Johnson, he has argued in favour of arming the opponents of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria, "one of the world's most murderous and tyrannical regimes", according to Hoare.
Books.
Hoare's historical writing has focussed in particular on the history of Bosnia and Herzegovina. "How Bosnia Armed: The Birth and Rise of the Bosnian Army" (London, Saqi, 2004) examines the history of the Bosnian Army and Bosnian internal politics in the 1990s. "Genocide and Resistance in Hitler’s Bosnia: The Partisans and the Chetniks, 1941-1943" (London, Oxford University Press, 2006) looks at the conflict between the Yugoslav Partisans and Chetniks in Bosnia during World War II. "The History of Bosnia: From the Middle Ages to the Present Day" (London, Saqi, 2007) focuses in particular on the history of national identity in Bosnia. "The Bosnian Muslims in the Second World War: A History" (London, C. Hurst & Co., 2013) looks at the role of the Bosnian Muslims in World War II.
Awards.
Dr Marko Hoare is the recipient of the 2010 Congress of North America Bosniaks (CNAB) award for outstanding contributions to the advancement of history. The award is recognition for his lifelong dedication to presenting the historical truth and standing up against genocide denial.

</doc>
<doc id="20130086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130086" title="Erastus Wentworth">
Erastus Wentworth

Erastus Wentworth (; Pinyin: "Wànwéi"; Foochow Romanized: "Uâng-ùi"; August 5, 1813 - May 26, 1886) was an educator, a Methodist Episcopal minister, and a missionary to Foochow, China.
Life.
Dr. Wentworth was born in Stonington, Connecticut. He converted to Methodism in 1831. Later he studied at the Cazenovia Seminary and attained an undergraduate degree at Wesleyan University in 1837.
Wentworth began teaching after leaving College. From 1838 to 1846 he taught natural science in the Gouverneur Wesleyan Seminary; from 1841 to 1846, in the Troy Conference Academy; in 1846 he became president of the McKendree College, which position he occupied until 1850, when he took the chair of Natural Philosophy and Chemistry in Dickinson College. In 1850, he received the degree of D.D. from Allegheny College.
In 1854, Dr. Wentworth left his position to spearhead a Methodist Mission to Foochow, China, along with some students who were just graduating from Dickinson, including Otis T. Gibson. In 1862, he had to cut short his work in China because of the state of his wife's health. The couple returned to Troy Conference where he then worked as a pastor.
Wentworth was editor of the "Ladies' Repository" from 1872–76, after which he was semi-retired, writing and serving on committees for the Methodist Church. On May 26, 1886, he died at his home in Sandy Hill, New York.
Family.
The son of Erastus and Esther (States) Wentworth, and seventh generation descendant of William Wentworth (elder), Erastus married three times, was widowed twice, and had twelve children, one in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20130088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130088" title="Baseball at the 1998 Asian Games">
Baseball at the 1998 Asian Games

Baseball was one of the many sports which was held at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand beginning on December 7, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20130105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130105" title="Joy Air">
Joy Air

Joy Air is a Chinese airline launched jointly by China Eastern Airlines and AVIC I on March 29, 2008 based at Xi'an. The airline started testing service in June 2009, and commenced passenger service sometime around the end of 2009.
History.
The airline began flying on June 1, 2009 with a fleet of 3 MA-60 turboprops. This airline focuses on the northwestern part of China. The airline was testing its aircraft until the end of 2009 when it commenced passenger service with 4 MA-60 turboprops. The company is mainly owned by China Eastern Airlines. AVIC Group owns the rest. The airline will bring more airline service for Xi'an and serve northwestern China. China Eastern is planning to sell most of the stock to create money for the company. Joy Air is expecting to own 50 ACAC ARJ 21 and 50 MA-60 in 8 years.
Fleet.
The Joy Air fleet includes the following aircraft (as of January 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="20130106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130106" title="Henry Edward Colville">
Henry Edward Colville

Major-General Sir Henry Edward Colville KCMG CB (10 July 1852 – 25 November 1907) was an English soldier.
Biography.
Colville was born at Kirkby Hall, Leicestershire. He was the son of Charles Robert Colville and Hon. Katherine Sarah Georgina Russell. 
Colville was educated at Eton, and entered the Grenadier Guards in 1870. He was appointed A.D.C. to General the Hon. Sir Leicester Smyth, commanding the forces in South Africa, in 1880. He served on the Intelligence Department of the Suakin Expedition of 1884, was present at the Battles of El Teb and the Battle of Tamai, mentioned in despatches, and received the bronze star, medal, and clasp. He was employed on special service in the Sudan prior to the Nile Expedition of 1884-85, and during that Expedition served as D.A.A.G. ; was mentioned in despatches ; received the clasp, and was created C.B. At the close of the Expedition he was Chief of the Intelligence Department of the Frontier Force ; was present at the Battle of Ginnis; was mentioned in despatches, and was promoted to the rank of Colonel. He was then attached to the Intelligence Department at headquarters, and wrote the official history of the Sudan Campaign. In 1893 he succeeded the late Sir Gerald Portal as Commissioner (Acting) for Uganda, commanded the Unyoro Expedition, which resulted in the inclusion of that country into the Protectorate ; received the Central Africa Medal, was created K.C.M.G., and received the second-class Order of the Brilliant Star of Zanzibar. He was selected for promotion to the rank of Major-General, 12 April 1898. 
Later, he became commander, Infantry Bde, Gibraltar 1899; Guards Bde and 9 Div, South Africa 1899-1900; and retired 1901.
He married, firstly, Alice Rosa Daly, daughter of Hon. Robert Daly and Hon. Cecilia Maria A'Court, on 6 August 1878. He married, secondly, Zelie Isabelle Richard de Preville on 30 December 1886. He died after his motorcycle collided with Henry Rawlinson, 1st Baron Rawlinson's car at Bisley.

</doc>
<doc id="20130120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130120" title="Jim Gillette (American football)">
Jim Gillette (American football)

James Thomas "Jim" Gillette, Jr. (December 19, 1917January 9, 1990) was a professional American football halfback in the National Football League. Born in Courtland, Virginia, he played for six seasons with the Cleveland Rams (1940, 1944–1945), the Boston Yanks (1946), the Green Bay Packers (1947), and the Detroit Lions (1948).
He was originally drafted by the Green Bay Packers in 1940 but signed with the Cleveland Rams (now the St. Louis Rams) for six seasons before going back to Green Bay in 1946.
Gillette's son, Walker Gillette, also played in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="20130133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130133" title="Roberta Seelinger Trites">
Roberta Seelinger Trites

Roberta Seelinger Trites is a professor at Illinois State University. 
She has written the following books:

</doc>
<doc id="20130134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130134" title="Charles Le Roux">
Charles Le Roux

Marie-Guillaume Charles Le Roux (1814–1895) was a landscape painter of the Barbizon school. He was born and died in Nantes, and is noted for his paintings of the Loire and its surroundings. 
He was a pupil of Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot and a friend of Théodore Rousseau and Gustave Dore. Having inherited a fortune, he did not have to sell his works. 
Museums holding works by Le Roux include the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Nantes. His painting "Edge of the Woods; Cherry Trees in Autumn", which was painted in the last year (1895) of the artist's life, was exhibited in the Exposition Universelle of 1900, and is in the collection of the Musée d’Orsay.

</doc>
<doc id="20130137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130137" title="Richard Maack">
Richard Maack

Richard Otto Maack (also Richard Karlovic Maak, Russian: Ричард Карлович Маак; 4 September 1825 – 25 November 1886) was a 19th-century Russian naturalist, geographer, and anthropologist. He is most known for his exploration of the Russian Far East and Siberia, particularly the Ussuri and Amur River valleys. He wrote some of the first scientific descriptions of the natural history of remote Siberia and collected many biological specimens, many of which were original type specimens of previously unknown species.
Ethnically Maack was an Estonian; however, the Russian Empire controlled this country during his lifetime. He was a member of the Siberian branch of the Russian Geographical Society.
Biography.
He studied natural sciences at the University of St. Petersburg. In 1852 he became a professor of natural sciences at the Gymnasium in Irkutsk and later director of the school. From 1868 to 1879, he was the superintendent of all schools of northern Siberia.
During the 1850s he undertook a number of expeditions in Siberia including those to the Amur River valley (1855–1856) and the Ussuri River (1859). He also participated in a Russian Geographical Society's first expedition (1853–55) to describe the orography, geology and population of the Vilyuy and Chona River basins.
He is credited with discovering "Syringa reticulata" var. "amurensis" simultaneously and independently of Carl Maximowicz.
Plants named after him.
Maack is most famous for collecting previously unknown species and sending specimens back for scientific descriptions and naming. A number of those he found on his Amur River expedition bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="20130141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130141" title="TD Arena">
TD Arena

TD Arena is a 5,100 seat multi-purpose arena in Charleston, South Carolina, USA that opened in 2008 and replaced John Kresse Arena as the home of the College of Charleston Cougars basketball and volleyball teams. The South Financial Group of Greenville, South Carolina, purchased the naming rights to the new facility, when it opened in 2008 under the Carolina First Arena name. After the 2010 sale of the corporation to Toronto Dominion Bank, the arena's name changed to TD Arena. The playing surface is named John Kresse Court in honor of legendary coach John Kresse. 
Originally to be named Carolina First Center, the facility was renamed Carolina First Arena to avoid confusion with the bank's south coast main offices in Charleston which are located in an office building by the same name.
The first game played at the arena on November 14, 2008 was a first round game of the inaugural Charleston Classic between Texas Christian University and Western Michigan University won by TCU 67-63.
The arena not only plays host to Cougars basketball games, but it also hosts many other campus events, including orientations and campus tours. Also, several high school volleyball games have been held there.

</doc>
<doc id="20130148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130148" title="Frank Liebel">
Frank Liebel

Frank Edward Liebel (November 19, 1919December 26, 1996) was a professional American football end/defensive back in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the New York Giants (1942–1947) and the Chicago Bears (1948). He led the league in 1945 in yard per reception (27.0) and receiving touchdowns (10). He also was Named to the All-NFL 2nd Team in both 1945 and 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20130149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130149" title="Bertrand Russell's views on society">
Bertrand Russell's views on society

Aspects of philosopher, mathematician and social activist Bertrand Russell's views on society changed over nearly 80 years of prolific writing, beginning with his early work in 1896, until his death in February 1970.
Activism.
Political and social activism occupied much of Russell's time for most of his long life, which makes his prodigious and seminal writing on a wide range of technical and non-technical subjects all the more remarkable.
Russell remained politically active to the end of his life, writing to and exhorting world leaders and lending his name to various causes. Some maintain that during his last few years he gave his youthful followers too much license and that they used his name for some outlandish purposes that a more attentive Russell would not have approved. There is evidence to show that he became aware of this when he fired his private secretary, Ralph Schoenman, then a young firebrand of the radical left.
Pacifism, war and nuclear weapons.
Russell was never a complete pacifist. He resisted specific wars on the grounds that they were contrary to the interests of civilization, and thus immoral. On the other hand, his 1915 article on "The Ethics of War," he defended wars of colonization on the same utilitarian grounds: he felt conquest was justified if the side with the more advanced civilization could put the land to better use.
Russell's activism against British participation in World War I led to fines, a loss of freedom of travel within Britain, and the non-renewal of his fellowship at Trinity College, Cambridge, and he was eventually sentenced to prison in 1918 on the tenuous grounds that he had interfered in British foreign policy — he had argued that British workers should be wary of the United States Army, for it had experience in strike-breaking. He was released after serving six months, but was still closely supervised until the end of the war.
In 1943 Russell called his stance towards warfare "relative political pacifism"—he held that war was always a great evil, but in some particularly extreme circumstances (such as when Adolf Hitler threatened to take over Europe) it might be a lesser of multiple evils. In the years leading to World War II, he supported the policy of appeasement; but by 1940 he acknowledged that in order to preserve democracy, Hitler had to be defeated. This same reluctant value compromise was shared by his acquaintance A.A. Milne.
Russell consistently opposed the continued existence of nuclear weapons ever since their first use. However, on 20 November 1948, in a public speech at Westminster School, addressing a gathering arranged by the New Commonwealth, Russell shocked some observers with comments that seemed to suggest a preemptive nuclear strike on the Soviet Union might be justified. Russell apparently argued that the threat of war between the United States and the Soviet Union would enable the United States to force the Soviet Union to accept the Baruch Plan for international atomic energy control. (Earlier in the year he had written in the same vein to Walter W. Marseille.) Russell felt this plan "had very great merits and showed considerable generosity, when it is remembered that America still had an unbroken nuclear monopoly." ("Has Man a Future?", 1961).
However, Nicholas Griffin of McMaster University, in his book "The Selected Letters of Bertrand Russell: The Public Years, 1914–1970", has claimed (after obtaining a transcript of the speech) that Russell's wording implies he advocated not the actual use of the atom bomb but merely its diplomatic use as a massive source of leverage over the actions of the Soviets.
Griffin's interpretation was disputed by Nigel Lawson; the former British Chancellor, who was present at the speech, claims it was quite clear that Russell was advocating an actual first strike. Whichever interpretation is correct, Russell later relented, instead arguing for mutual disarmament by the nuclear powers, possibly linked to some form of world government.
In 1955, Russell released the Russell-Einstein Manifesto, co-signed by Albert Einstein and nine other leading scientists and intellectuals, a document which led to the first of the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs in 1957. In 1958, Russell became the first president of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. He resigned two years later when the CND would not support civil disobedience, and formed the Committee of 100. In September 1961 he was imprisoned for a week for inciting civil disobedience, when he took part in a huge ban-the-bomb demonstration at the Ministry of Defence but the sentence was quashed on account of his age.
During the Cuban Missile Crisis, Russell sent telegrams to U.S. President John F. Kennedy, Nikita Khrushchev, the UN Secretary-General U Thant and British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan. His telegrams were greatly critical of Kennedy, who he had already singled out earlier as "more dangerous than Hitler", and tolerant of Khrushchev. Khrushchev replied with a long letter, published by the Russian news agency ITAR-TASS, which was mainly addressed to Kennedy and the Western world.
Increasingly concerned about the potential danger to humanity arising from nuclear weapons and other scientific discoveries, he also joined with Einstein, Robert Oppenheimer, Joseph Rotblat and other eminent scientists of the day to establish the World Academy of Art and Science which was formally constituted in 1960.
The Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation and its publishing imprint "Spokesman Books" began work in 1963 to carry forward Russell's work for peace, human rights and social justice. He began public opposition to US policy in Vietnam with a letter to "The New York Times" dated 28 March 1963. By the autumn of 1966, he had completed the manuscript "War Crimes in Vietnam". Then, using the American justifications for the Nuremberg Trials, Russell, along with Jean-Paul Sartre, organised what he called an international War Crimes Tribunal, the Russell Tribunal.
Russell criticized the official account of the assassination of John F. Kennedy in "16 Questions on the Assassination," 1964.
Communism and socialism.
Russell initially expressed great hope in "the Communist experiment." However, when he visited the Soviet Union and met Vladimir Lenin in 1920, he was unimpressed with the system in place. On his return he wrote a critical tract, "The Practice and Theory of Bolshevism". He was "infinitely unhappy in this atmosphere—stifled by its utilitarianism, its indifference to love and beauty and the life of impulse." He believed Lenin to be similar to a religious zealot, cold and possessing "no love of liberty."
In the 1922 and 1923 general elections Russell stood as a Labour Party candidate in the Chelsea constituency, but only on the basis that he knew he was extremely unlikely to be elected in such a safe Conservative seat, and he was not on either occasion.
He was strongly critical of Joseph Stalin's regime, and referred to Marxism as a "system of dogma." Between 1945 and 1947, together with A. J. Ayer and George Orwell, he contributed a series of articles to "Polemic", a short-lived British "Magazine of Philosophy, Psychology, and Aesthetics" edited by the ex-Communist Humphrey Slater.
Russell was a consistent enthusiast for democracy and world government, and he advocated the establishment of a democratic international government in some of the essays collected in "In Praise of Idleness" (1935), and also in "Has Man a Future?" (1961); he also discussed the matter of world government in a series of lectures titled "Why Men Fight"(1916).
Women's suffrage.
As a young man, Russell was a member of the Liberal Party and wrote in favor of women's suffrage. In his 1910 pamphlet, "Anti-Suffragist Anxieties", Russell wrote that some men opposed suffrage because they "fear that their liberty to act in ways that are injurious to women will be curtailed." In May 1907, Russell stood for Parliament as a Woman's suffrage candidate in Wimbledon, but was not elected.
Sexuality.
Russell wrote against Victorian notions of morality. "Marriage and Morals" (1929) expressed his opinion that sex between a man and woman who are not married to each other is not necessarily immoral if they truly love one another, and advocated "trial marriages" or "companionate marriage", formalized relationships whereby young people could legitimately have sexual intercourse without being expected to remain married in the long term or to have children (an idea first proposed by Judge Ben Lindsey). This was enough to raise vigorous protests and denunciations against him during his visit to the United States shortly after the book's publication. Russell was also one of the first intellectuals to advocate open sex education and widespread access to contraception. He also advocated easy divorce, but only if the marriage had produced no children — Russell's view was that parents should remain married but tolerant of each other's sexual infidelity, if they had children. This reflected his life at the time — his second wife Dora was openly having an affair, and would soon become pregnant by another man, but Russell was keen for their children John and Kate to have a "normal" family life.
Russell was also an active supporter of the Homosexual Law Reform Society, being one of the signatories of A.E. Dyson's 1958 letter to "The Times" calling for a change in the law regarding male homosexual practices, which were partly legalized in 1967, when Russell was still alive.
Race.
As with his views on religion, which developed considerably throughout his long life, Russell's views on the matter of race did not remain fixed. By 1951, Russell was a vocal advocate of racial equality and intermarriage; he penned a chapter on "Racial Antagonism" in "New Hopes for a Changing World" (1951), which read:
Passages in some of his early writings support birth control. On 16 November 1922, for instance, he gave a lecture to the General Meeting of Dr. Marie Stopes's Society for Constructive Birth Control and Racial Progress on "Birth Control and International Relations," in which he described the importance of extending Western birth control worldwide; his remarks anticipated the population control movement of the 1960s and the role of the United Nations.
Another passage from early editions of his book "Marriage and Morals" (1929), which Russell later claimed to be referring only to environmental conditioning, and which he significantly modified in later editions, reads:
Russell later criticized eugenic programs for their vulnerability to corruption, and, in 1932, he condemned the "unwarranted assumption" that "Negroes are congenitally inferior to white men" ("Education and the Social Order", Chap. 3).
Responding in 1964 to a correspondent's inquiry, "Do you still consider the Negroes an inferior race, as you did when you wrote "Marriage and Morals"?", Russell replied:
Influence on society.
Russell often characterized his moral and political writings as lying outside the scope of philosophy, but Russell's admirers and detractors are often more acquainted with his pronouncements on social and political matters, or what some (e.g., biographer Ray Monk) have called his "journalism," than they are with his technical, philosophical work. There is a marked tendency to conflate these matters, and to judge Russell the philosopher on what he himself would certainly consider to be his non-philosophical opinions. Russell often cautioned people to make this distinction. Beginning in the 1920s, Russell wrote frequently for "The Nation" on changing morals, nuclear disarmament and literature. In 1965, he wrote that the magazine "...has been one of the few voices which has been heard on behalf of individual liberty and social justice consistently throughout its existence."
Further reading.
Selected bibliography of Russell's books.
This is a selected bibliography of Russell's books in English sorted by year of first publication.
Note: This is a mere sampling, for Russell also wrote many pamphlets, introductions, articles and letters to the editor. His works also can be found in any number of anthologies and collections, perhaps most notably "The Collected Papers of Bertrand Russell", which McMaster University began publishing in 1983. This collection of his shorter and previously unpublished works is now up to 16 volumes, and many more are forthcoming. An additional three volumes are used to catalogue just his bibliography. The Russell Archives at McMaster University also have more than 30,000 letters that he wrote.
External links.
Writings available online
Audio
Other

</doc>
<doc id="20130162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130162" title="Smart Money">
Smart Money

Smart Money may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20130166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130166" title="Jean François Laterrade">
Jean François Laterrade

Jean-François Laterrade (January 23, 1784 - October 30, 1858) was a French botanist born in Bordeaux. He was a founding member of Linnean Society of Bordeaux, and was director of the botanical garden at Bordeaux.
In 1811 Laterrade published a work involving flora found in the environs of Bordeaux called ""Flore bordelaise, ou Tableau des plantes qui croissent naturellement aux environs de Bordeaux"". This book was re-issued in 1821, 1829 and 1846. In 1823 he founded a popular agricultural journal titled ""L'Ami des champs"" (The Friend of the fields).
The mycological genus "Laterradea" (Raspail, 1824) is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20130172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130172" title="Seasonality">
Seasonality

In statistics, many time series exhibit cyclic variation known as seasonality, seasonal variation, periodic variation, or periodic fluctuations. This variation can be either regular or semi-regular.
Seasonal variation is a component of a time series which is defined as the repetitive and predictable movement around the trend line in one year or less. It is detected by measuring the quantity of interest for small time intervals, such as days, weeks, months or quarters.
Organizations facing seasonal variations, like the motor vehicle industry, are often interested in knowing their performance relative to the normal seasonal variation. The same applies to the ministry of employment which expects unemployment to increase in June because recent graduates are just arriving into the job market and schools have also been given a vacation for the summer.
That unemployment increased as predicted is a moot point; the relevant factor is whether the increase is more or less than expected.
Organizations affected by seasonal variation need to identify and measure this seasonality to help with planning for temporary increases or decreases in labor requirements, inventory, training, periodic maintenance, and so forth. Apart from these considerations, the organizations need to know if the variations they have experienced has been more or less would be expected given the usual seasonal variations.
Examples.
For example, retail sales tend to peak for the Christmas season and then decline after the holidays. So time series of retail sales will typically show increasing sales from September through December and declining sales in January and February.
Seasonality is quite common in economic time series. It is also very common in geophysical and ecological time series. A notable example is the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide: it is at a minimum in September and October, at which point it begins to increase, reaching a peak in April/May, before declining. Another example consists of the famous Milankovitch cycles.
Reasons for studying seasonal variation.
There are several main reasons for studying seasonal variation:
Detecting seasonality.
The following graphical techniques can be used to detect seasonality:
The run sequence plot is a recommended first step for analyzing any time series. Although seasonality can sometimes be indicated with this plot, seasonality is shown more clearly by the seasonal subseries plot or the box plot. The seasonal subseries plot does an excellent job of showing both the seasonal differences (between group patterns) and also the within-group patterns. The box plot shows the seasonal difference (between group patterns) quite well, but it does not show within group patterns. However, for large data sets, the box plot is usually easier to read than the seasonal subseries plot.
Both the seasonal subseries plot and the box plot assume that the seasonal periods are known. In most cases, the analyst will in fact know this. For example, for monthly data, the period is 12 since there are 12 months in a year. However, if the period is not known, the autocorrelation plot can help. If there is significant seasonality, the autocorrelation plot should show spikes at lags equal to the period. For example, for monthly data, if there is a seasonality effect, we would expect to see significant peaks at lag 12, 24, 36, and so on (although the intensity may decrease the further out we go).
Semiregular cyclic variations might be dealt with by spectral density estimation. 
Measuring seasonality.
Seasonal variation is measured in terms of an index, called a seasonal index. It is an average that can be used to compare an actual observation relative to what it would be if there were no seasonal variation. An index value is attached to each period of the time series within a year. This implies that if monthly data are considered there are 12 separate seasonal indices, one for each month. There can also be a further 4 index values for quarterly data. The following methods use seasonal indices to measure seasonal variations of a time-series data.
Calculation.
The measurement of seasonal variation by using the ratio-to-moving average method provides an index to measure the degree of the seasonal variation in a time series. The index is based on a mean of 100, with the degree of seasonality measured by variations away from the base. For example if we observe the hotel rentals in a winter resort, we find that the winter quarter index is 124. The value 124 indicates that 124 percent of the average quarterly rental occur in winter. If the hotel management records 1436 rentals for the whole of last year, then the average quarterly rental would be 359= (1436/4). As the winter-quarter index is 124, we estimate the number of winter rentals as follows:
359*(124/100)=445; 
Here, 359 is the average quarterly rental. 124 is the winter-quarter index. 445 the seasonalized winter-quarter rental.
This method is also called the percentage moving average method. In this method, the original data values in the time-series are expressed as percentages of moving averages. The steps and the tabulations are given below.
Steps.
1. Find the centered 12 monthly (or 4 quarterly) moving averages of the original data values in the time-series.
2. Express each original data value of the time-series as a percentage of the corresponding centered moving average values obtained in step(1).In other words, in a multiplicative time-series model, we get(Original data values)/(Trend values) *100 = (T*C*S*I)/(T*C)*100 = (S*I) *100.
This implies that the ratio–to-moving average represents the seasonal and irregular components.
3. Arrange these percentages according to months or quarter of given years. Find the averages over all months or quarters of the given years.
4. If the sum of these indices is not 1200(or 300 for quarterly figures), multiply then by a correction factor = 1200/ (sum of monthly indices). Otherwise, the 12 monthly averages will be considered as seasonal indices.
Let us calculate the seasonal index by the ratio-to-moving average method from the following data:
Now calculations for 4 quarterly moving averages and ratio-to-moving averages are shown in the below table.
Calculation of seasonal index.
Now the total of seasonal averages is 299.14. Therefore the corresponding correction factor would be 300/299.14 = 1.0028. Each seasonal average is multiplied by the correction factor 1.0028 to get the adjusted seasonal indices as shown in the above table.
Remarks.
1. In an additive time-series model, the seasonal component is estimated as 
S = Y – (T+C+I) Where S is for Seasonal values
Y is for actual data values of the time-series
T is for trend values
C is for cyclical values
I is for irregular values.
2. In a multiplicative time-series model, the seasonal component is expressed in terms of ratio and percentage as 
Seasonal effect = (T*S*C*I)/( T*C*I)*100 = Y/(T*C*I )*100; 
However in practice the detrending of time-series is done to arrive at S*C*I . This is done by dividing both sides of Y=T*S*C*I by trend values T so that Y/T =S*C*I.
3. The deseasonalized time-series data will have only trend (T) cyclical(C) and irregular (I) components and is expressed as: 
Modeling seasonality.
A completely regular cyclic variation in a time series might be dealt with in time series analysis by using a sinusoidal model with one or more sinusoids whose period-lengths may be known or unknown depending on the context. A less completely regular cyclic variation might be dealt with by using a special form of an ARIMA model which can be structured so as to treat cyclic variations semi-explicitly. Such models represent cyclostationary processes.
Seasonal adjustment.
Seasonal adjustment is any method for removing the seasonal component of a time series. The resulting seasonally adjusted data are used, for example, when analyzing or reporting non-seasonal trends over durations rather longer than the seasonal period. An appropriate method for seasonal adjustment is chosen on the basis of a particular view taken of the decomposition of time series into components designated with names such as "trend", "cyclic", "seasonal" and "irregular", including how these interact with each other. For example, such components might act additively or multiplicatively. Thus, if a seasonal component acts additively, the adjustment method has two stages:
One particular implementation of seasonal adjustment is provided by X-12-ARIMA.

</doc>
<doc id="20130183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130183" title="Operation Seabight">
Operation Seabight

Operation Seabight, or Sea Bight, is the codename used to describe the tracking and eventual seizure of up to €750 million of cocaine off the Irish coast in November 2008, originally thought to have been the largest such haul in the history of Ireland and one of the largest in Europe in 2008. The figures were later revised to show that this was in fact the second largest haul in Irish history. The seizure took place off the south-west coast and eclipsed the discovery of €440 million of cocaine near Mizen Head in July 2007. A yacht containing more than seventy bales of the substance was seized by a team of European anti-drugs agencies led by the Irish authority forces. Three men were also apprehended and later each was sentenced to ten years in jail.
The seizure came just one day after the fourth man involved in Ireland's previous record haul in 2007 was sentenced to ten years imprisonment. of cocaine valued at €440 million washed up on the Cork coast near Mizen Head following an attempted trafficking scam that failed when one of the men filled their petrol-powered motor engine with diesel. The inflatable launch overturned and dumped sixty-two bales of cocaine into the sea. Three of the men involved in the operation were sentenced earlier in 2008 for a total of eighty-five years.
Etymology.
Operation Seabight received its name from the Porcupine Seabight, Porcupine Bank near international fishing grounds where the seizure took place.
Background.
The seizure was masterminded by the Lisbon-based anti-trafficking body, Maritime Analysis and Operations Centre – Narcotics (MAOC-N), which is staffed by law enforcement personnel from Ireland, United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, the Netherlands, France and Italy. The centre targets aeroplanes and sea vessels, such as private ships, cruisers and yachts, mainly from South America, Latin America and West Africa. The operation has previously identified smuggling routes which use West Africa as a staging post for illegal substances before shipping them to Europe.
A yacht containing seventy bales of the substance was seized by a team of European anti-drugs agencies led by the Irish. The yacht, named "Dances with Waves", had set sail from Trinidad more than a month earlier. MAOC-N tracked it across the Atlantic Ocean before the naval vessel "LÉ Niamh" moved in around off the coast of West Cork at around 11:00 UTC on 6 November 2008.
The yacht, registered in Britain until July and then de-registered, was escorted into Castletownbere Harbour in West Cork by the "LÉ Róisín" early on 7 November 2008. Gardaí (the Irish police) removed the 70 bales of cocaine from the vessel and garda technical experts examined it. The haul was taken to local garda stations and later removed to the Department of Justice Forensic Science Laboratory at Garda Headquarters.
It later emerged that the yacht was on the verge of capsizing when naval officers swooped on the vessel, with the seventy bales almost being washed into the sea. Authorities were forced to board the ship in "horrendous weather conditions" to prevent a potential loss of evidence as swells swirled in the background. The yacht was seized in the midst of a force seven gale which delayed its onshore arrival by seven hours.
The LÉ Orla was deployed to search for bales of the drug while monitoring shipping to ensure they didn't recover any of the haul from the sea
Substance.
Initial tests indicate the cocaine seized is 80% pure, 5% more potent than the €440 million Dunlough Bay haul of 2007. According to one source, the average purity of Irish street cocaine is (presumably currently) just 10%,
although an older source (data for 1999) states that cocaine purity across Europe is typically 55% to 70%, with Ireland being exceptionally low at 41%.
Street prices for cocaine in both the US and Europe have dropped consistently over the last twenty years, indicating supply in this period has outstripped demand.
Convicts.
Three male British nationals, initially reported to be aged between 44 and 52, were detained and questioned by gardaí in two separate garda stations in Bantry and Bandon, County Cork. The men were taken ashore at the small fishing port of Castletownbere. The three, later named as 49-year-old Philip Doo and 40-year-old David Mufford (both from Devon, England) and 42-year-old Christopher Wiggins (with an address on Spain's Costa del Sol), appeared before a special sitting of the District Court in Clonakilty, County Cork on 8 November 2008. They were charged with possession of cocaine knowing the drug was to be imported into a country other than Ireland. No application for bail was made and the men were remanded in custody to appear in Kinsale court again on 13 November 2008.
The damaged yacht, believed bound for Liverpool, remains in Castletownbere. Searches of its logs, charts and navigation computers continue to find evidence that would prove its link to Spanish-based British drugs gang members. The bulk of the cocaine consignment was due for European markets. The "Daily Star" reported that "the drugs were almost certainly destined for British dealers to sell in pubs and clubs ahead of the Christmas party season."
The three men were each sentenced to ten years in jail on 8 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20130203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130203" title="Staphylococcus aureus delta toxin">
Staphylococcus aureus delta toxin

Staphylococcus aureus delta toxin is a toxin produced by "Staphylococcus aureus". It has a wide spectrum of cytolytic activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20130207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130207" title="2008–09 IUPUI Jaguars men's basketball team">
2008–09 IUPUI Jaguars men's basketball team

The 2008–09 IUPUI Jaguars men's basketball team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I college basketball team representing Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis.
IUPUI was picked to finish fourth in The Summit League's preseason poll. was voted to finish first and North Dakota State second. Senior guard Gary Patterson was named to the Preseason All-League Second Team.
Roster.
Coaches: Ron Hunter, Todd Howard, Matt Crenshaw, Austin Parkinson

</doc>
<doc id="20130208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130208" title="Entrance Station (Devils Tower National Monument)">
Entrance Station (Devils Tower National Monument)

The Entrance Station at Devils Tower National Monument is a log cabin in the National Park Service Rustic style, built in 1941. The cabin is based on 1933 plans created by the National Park Service Landscape Division for a now-vanished caretaker's cabin at Aspenglen Campground in Rocky Mountain National Park, adapted by NPS architect Howard W. Baker of the Branch of Plans and Design for dual use as an entrance station and as a residence. It features a unique porch with rough-cut projecting log ends in a scooped pattern.
The interior was renovated in 1999, replacing the living spaces with office space.

</doc>
<doc id="20130221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130221" title="Ganesh Satish">
Ganesh Satish

Ganesh Satish (born 15 March 1988) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who currently plays for Karnataka. He was born in Davanagere.
Satish began his cricketing career playing for the Under-14s team in 2001, first appearing in a game which saw team-mate Vrushabendranath Pawar score 229 runs. He again played for the Under-14s the following season. 
Satish continued to make it up the youth ranks, up through to the Under-22s. Satish's List A debut came in the Vijay Hazare Trophy competition of 2007-08. His debut first-class appearance came in November 2008 against Railways, partnering centurion and 2008 IPL player Robin Uthappa in the first innings and Chandrashekar Raghu in the second.
Satish represented Malnad Gladiators in the first edition of the Karnataka Premier League(2009). Satish was the captain of the kanataka ranji trophy in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20130222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130222" title="Micah Armstrong">
Micah Armstrong

Micah Armstrong, also known as Brother Micah, is a campus sidewalk preacher.
He began his campus ministries full time in 2006, however he visited campuses in his spare time as early as 2004, with visits also possibly occurring as early as the mid-1990s. Armstrong travels with his wife Elizabeth preaching in circuits mostly in the eastern and southern parts of the United States. Armstrong uses outrageous statements to spark heated discussions. According to Jay Reeves of the Associated Press, Armstrong "holds a near mythic status on college campuses across the eastern United States".
Beliefs.
Armstrong speaks out against sex outside of the biblical context of marriage, drugs, rock and roll, masturbation, smoking, and pornography. He calls himself a "homophobe" and performs a song entitled, "The Homo Song". He refers to “real Muslims" as terrorists. On the subject of women, Armstrong has said, "Women have two places: In front of the sink and behind the vacuum." He believes that you can lose your salvation and you must work to maintain your salvation; You will not be saved unless you stop sinning/repent from sinning *and trust in Jesus Christ* *Reference: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQfZNl0ScuU

</doc>
<doc id="20130249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130249" title="Winterbottom">
Winterbottom

Winterbottom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20130264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130264" title="David O'Keefe (Australian politician)">
David O'Keefe (Australian politician)

David John O'Keefe (21 August 1864 – 21 July 1943) was an Australian politician. 
Born in Longford, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a farm worker and miner. He was involved in the labour movement as a journalist and an organiser of the Australian Workers' Union. In 1901, he was elected to the Australian Senate, running with endorsement from the Protectionist Party, as there was no Labour Party in Tasmania at the time; however, he joined the Australian Labor Party caucus in Parliament. He was defeated in 1906, but re-elected in 1910, serving until his defeat in 1919 (taking effect in 1920). 
In 1922, he was elected to the House of Representatives, defeating Labor-turned-Nationalist MP William Laird Smith for the seat of Denison. He was the first Tasmanian to have served in both houses of federal parliament. 
He was defeated in 1925 by Nationalist Sir John Gellibrand and worked in Western Australia for some time before returning to Tasmania in 1931. In 1934 O'Keefe was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly, immediately taking the position of Speaker. He held the Speaker's position until 1942 and died the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20130277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130277" title="Baidyanath group">
Baidyanath group

Baidyanath is one of the oldest and most popular pharmaceutical firm specialising in Ayurvedic medicines.It has been manufacturing many highly popular items like Chyawanprash and Dashmularishta for several years.
Shree Baidyanath Ayurved Bhawan (p) Limited was founded in 1917 by Late Pt. Ram Dayal Joshi. Its registered office is in Kolkata. To encourage and boost research in Ayurveda, Baidyanath established Pt. Ram Dayal Joshi Memorial Ayurvedic Research Institute at Patna in 1971. Baidyanath Group awards two hundred thousand rupees every year for the best research paper or book on Ayurveda.

</doc>
<doc id="20130317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130317" title="Constantin Dan Vasiliu">
Constantin Dan Vasiliu

Constantin Dan Vasiliu (born February 15, 1951) is a Romanian politician. He was born in Bârlad, Romania, and is the son of Mihai (Melu) Vasiliu and of Lucia Vasiliu (née Perida) (see Taşcă family). He studied economics at the Alexandru Ioan Cuza University of Iaşi. After graduation he worked at the Tepro Company in Iaşi where he eventually was promoted Commercial Director of the Company. After 1989, Constantin Dan Vasiliu entered politics.
In 1992, he was elected senator for the National Salvation Front; in this capacity, he was vicepresident of the Senate of Romania from 1994 to 1996. Reelected in 1996 on the lists of the Democratic Party, he was chairman of the parliamentary group of the Democratic Party. From 1996 to 2000 he was also secretary of the senate's "Budget, Finance and Banking Commission". In 2000 he was reelected Vicepresident of the Senate.
Constantin Dan Vasiliu also was Vicechairman of the "Romanian-Australian Friendship Group" and member of the "Group for the Friendship between Romania and the Republic of Moldova". 
From 2000 to 2004 he was advisor to the Senate of Romania. At present he is Secretary General of the Senate.
He is leader of the Democratic Liberal Party organization of Iaşi County.

</doc>
<doc id="20130319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130319" title="Arthur Hutchin">
Arthur Hutchin

Arthur William Hutchin (3 March 1887 – 12 June 1965) was an Australian politician. Born in Bathurst, New South Wales, he was educated in that state before serving in the military 1910-1920. He returned to become a company manager. In 1931, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the United Australia Party member for the Tasmanian seat of Denison, defeating sitting Labor MP Charles Culley. He was defeated by Labor candidate Gerald Mahoney in 1934 and left politics, becoming a businessman and industrial consultant. Hutchin died in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20130351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130351" title="Old Headquarters Area Historic District">
Old Headquarters Area Historic District

The Old Headquarters Area at Devils Tower National Monument includes three structures and their surroundings, including the old headquarters building, the custodian's house, and the fire hose house. The buildings are all designed in the National Park Service Rustic style.
Funded as an Emergency Conservation Works project and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935, the old administration building was used as the monument's headquarters and museum until 1959. At that time, headquarters was relocated while the building continued its function as the park's primary visitor center. Today the main level of the building serves as the visitor center; the basement level has public restrooms, museum storage, interpreter's office, library, storage for search and rescue and first aid equipment and supplies, and a fuel oil furnace. The upper level, originally designed for use as a bedroom, is now used for storage and houses an evaporative cooler.
The custodian's residence was designed by the NPS Landscape Division under the direction of Chief Landscape Architect Thomas Chalmers Vint and constructed in 1931 by a private contractor, a Mr. Cummings of Deadwood, South Dakota. The building first served as the residence of the monument's second custodian, George C. Crowe. The original structure had five rooms: living room, bedroom, breakfast nook kitchen, and bathroom.
Designed by the Architect Edward A. Nickel, NPS Branch of Plans and Design, and executed by the Civilian Conservation Corps (Camp NM-1, 6th Period), the fire hose house was constructed as ECW Project #17. Work was completed by August 10, 1937, "except for shelves," according to the hand-written note on the architectural plans. The fire hose house was designed and used to house the fire hydrant and to store the monument's hose and fire fighting equipment. It has been used for that purpose since 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20130353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130353" title="Ahmed Nizam">
Ahmed Nizam

Sheikh Ahmed Nizam (born 17 May 1986) is an Indian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a left-arm slow bowler who plays for Jammu and Kashmir. He was born in Bombay.
Nizam spent his youth cricketing career at Mumbai, playing for the Under-16s, the Under-19s and the Under-22s before entering into first-class cricket.
Nizam made his first-class debut for Jammu and Kashmir in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20130357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130357" title="Winnie Shaw">
Winnie Shaw

Winifred (Winnie) Mason Shaw (later Mrs. Wooldridge) (1947 – 1992) was a Scottish tennis player. In 2002 she was posthumously inducted into the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame. She was born in Glasgow.
Shaw had more success as a doubles than a singles player. She never won a major tournament, but she reached the finals of both the ladies doubles and the mixed doubles, and twice made it to the semi-finals in the French Open. She played twice in the Australian Open semi-finals. She reached the quarter-finals at Wimbledon in 1972, playing with another Scot, Joyce Williams. 

</doc>
<doc id="20130360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130360" title="Seasonal subseries plot">
Seasonal subseries plot

Seasonal subseries plots are a tool for detecting seasonality in a time series. This plot allows one to detect both between-group and within-group patterns. This plot is only useful if the period of the seasonality is already known. In many cases, this will in fact be known. For example, monthly data typically has a period of 12. If the period is not known, an autocorrelation plot or spectral plot can be used to determine it. If there is a large number of observations, then a box plot may be preferable.
Definition.
Seasonal subseries plots are formed by
In addition, a reference line is drawn at the group means.
The analyst must specify the length of the seasonal pattern before generating this plot. In most cases, the analyst will know this from the context of the problem and data collection.
Importance.
It is important to know when analyzing a time series if there is a significant seasonality effect. The seasonal subseries plot is an excellent tool for determining if there is a seasonal pattern. The seasonal subseries plot can provide answers to the following questions:
Software.
Seasonal subseries plots are implemented in the R function monthplot().

</doc>
<doc id="20130362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130362" title="Special Music School">
Special Music School

The Special Music School (New York City Public School 859), or SMS, is a unique New York public school for musically gifted children. The school is run as a public/private partnership between the New York City Department of Education and Kaufman Music Center, a not-for-profit, multi-arts organization. The Department of Education funds the academic portion of the students' education, while the music program is funded by private donations through Kaufman Music Center.
Intended for children with high musical potential, the Special Music School provides a rich musical and demanding academic education for grades K-8 through an integrated curriculum with a primary focus on music. Children have two private lessons per week in piano, cello, violin, flute, French horn, trumpet, trombone, percussion, or clarinet, as well as classes in music theory, chorus, and movement. Three quarters of the students' time is spent on academic subjects. The school has partnerships with the National Dance Institute, the Center for Educational Innovation, New Visions for Public Schools, Studio in a School, Teachers College, Columbia University and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Beginning in the fall of 2013,Special Music School will expand into the high school grades at the Martin Luther King, Jr. Educational Complex on New York City’s Upper West Side, with a music curriculum that emphasizes the development of the student as a musician for the 21st century. With the establishment of the high school extension, Special Music School High School will be the city’s only K-12 school that teaches music as a core subject. Applications for the high school will be taken beginning in October 2012. Eighth graders from all five boroughs of New York City will be eligible to apply.
Students from all five boroughs of New York City are eligible to apply for admission, which is by audition. Admission is extremely competitive. In recent years there have been as many as 500 kindergarten applicants for 15 spaces. The total enrollment for all grades (K-8) is approximately 135 students.
The school was founded in 1996 and was originally called The Special Music School of America. Inspired by the "spetsshkola," special music school system of the former Soviet Union, many members of the music faculty are Russian-conservatory trained musicians.
In the fall of 2006 the Special Music School established the after-school Young Artist Program for grades 9–12. It offers music students intensive after-school study courses. Each week students have classes covering literature and composition, music theory, and ear-training. Students also perform in chamber music and solo recitals.
In 2005, Special Music School Director Jenny Undercofler founded Face the Music, initially an 8-member after school music ensemble, and now NYC's only "alt classical" teen ensemble composed of 75 students from music students in the tri-state area aged 10 to 18. In 2011 ASCAP awarded its Aaron Copland Award to both Face the Music and Director Jenny Undercofler.

</doc>
<doc id="20130365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130365" title="East Brazilian Chachalaca">
East Brazilian Chachalaca

The East Brazilian Chachalaca ("Ortalis araucuan") is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found in forests in the Atlantic forests in eastern Brazil. It was previously considered a subspecies of the Speckled Chachalaca.

</doc>
<doc id="20130367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130367" title="Scaled Chachalaca">
Scaled Chachalaca

The Scaled Chachalaca ("Ortalis squamata") is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found in forests in southeastern Brazil. It was previously considered a subspecies of the Speckled Chachalaca.

</doc>
<doc id="20130370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130370" title="Colombian Chachalaca">
Colombian Chachalaca

The Colombian Chachalaca ("Ortalis columbiana") is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is endemic to the forests and woodlands in the inter-Andean valleys in Colombia. It was formerly treated as a subspecies of the Speckled Chachalaca.

</doc>
<doc id="20130375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130375" title="Gerald Mahoney">
Gerald Mahoney

Gerald William Mahoney (24 May 1892 – 16 September 1955) was an Australian politician. Born in Tasmania, he was educated in that state at Latrobe, becoming a painter and an official of the Painters' Union. In 1931 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as a Labor member for Denison. In 1934, he transferred to federal politics, defeating United Australia Party MP Arthur Hutchin for the federal seat of Denison. He held the seat until his defeat by UAP candidate Arthur Beck in 1940. Mahoney became a public servant and died in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20130380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130380" title="Randy Kerbow">
Randy Kerbow

Randall Morris Kerbow (Born December 19, 1940 in Paris, Texas) is a former football player in the National Football League and Canadian Football League.
A quarterback for the Rice Owls football team from 1960-1962, Kerbow made the Houston Oilers as a wide receiver in 1963. After failing to make the Oilers in 1964, he made the Edmonton Eskimos in 1965 as a quarterback. In 1966, Kerbow led Edmonton to its first Western Football Conference playoff berth in five seasons. Benched in favor of Heisman Trophy winner Terry Baker in 1967, Kerbow left Edmonton to try out for the New Orleans Saints in 1968. After failing to make the team, he rejoined the Eskimos where he split playing time with Frank Cosentino. Although he was expected to regain the starting job full time in 1969, Kerbow opted to retire. 

</doc>
<doc id="20130388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130388" title="Hoddle">
Hoddle

Hoddle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20130390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130390" title="Echinostomata">
Echinostomata

The Echinostomata are a suborder of the parasitic flatworm order Echinostomida. A highly notable family is the Fasciolidae. These contain several species causing major parasitic diseases in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="20130417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130417" title="Luis Alberto Perea">
Luis Alberto Perea

Luis Alberto Perea Pérez (born September 3, 1986 in Medellín) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Universidad San Martín de Porres in Perú.
Career.
Perea attended Miami Sunset High School in Miami, Florida and graduated in 2004 after winning a state title.
Perea returned to the United States in 2012 and signed with FC Dallas of Major League Soccer.
Personal.
Perea is the son of Luis Carlos Perea, a professional footballer who played in Categoría Primera A and the Mexican Primera División as well as for the Colombia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20130418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130418" title="Midline shift">
Midline shift

Midline shift is a shift of the brain past its center line. The sign may be evident on neuroimaging such as CT scanning. The sign is considered ominous because it is commonly associated with a distortion of the brain stem that can cause serious dysfunction evidenced by abnormal posturing and failure of the pupils to constrict in response to light. Midline shift is often associated with high intracranial pressure (ICP), which can be deadly. In fact, midline shift is a measure of ICP; presence of the former is an indication of the latter. Presence of midline shift is an indication for neurosurgeons to take measures to monitor and control ICP. Immediate surgery may be indicated when there is a midline shift of over 5 mm. The sign can be caused by conditions including traumatic brain injury,stroke, hematoma, or birth deformity that leads to a raised intracranial pressure. 
Methods of Detection
Doctors detect midline shift using a variety of methods. The most prominent measurement is done by a computed tomography (CT) scan and the CT Gold Standard is the standardized operating procedure for detecting MLS. Since the midline shift is often easily visible with a CT scan, the high precision of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is not necessary, but can be used with equally adequate results. Newer methods such as bedside sonography can be used with neurocritical patients who cannot undergo some scans due to their dependence on ventilators or other care apparatuses. Sonography has proven satisfactory in the measurement of MLS, but is not expected to replace CT or MRI. Automated measurement algorithms are used for exact recognition and precision in measurements from an initial CT scan. A major benefit to using the automated recognition tools includes being able to measure even the most deformed brains because the method doesn’t depend on normal brain symmetry. Also, it lessens the chance of human error by detecting MLS from an entire image set compared to selecting the single most important slice, which allows the computer to do the work that was once manually done.
Structures of the Midline
Three main structures are commonly investigated when measuring midline shift. The most important of these is the septum pellucidum, which is a thin and linear layer of tissue located between the right and left ventricles. It is easily found on CT or MRI images due to its unique hypodensity. The other two important structures of the midline include the third ventricle and the pineal gland which are both centrally located and caudal to the septum pellucidum. Identifying the location of these structures on a damaged brains compared to an unaffected brain is another way of categorizing the severity of the midline shift. The terms mild, moderate, and severe are associated with the extent of increasing damage.
Midline Shift in Diagnoses
Midline shift measurements and imaging has multiple applications. The severity of brain damage is determined by the magnitude of the change in symmetry. Another use is secondary screening to determine deviations in brain trauma at different times after a traumatic injury as well as initial shifts immediately after. The severity of shift is directly proportional to the likeliness of surgery having to be performed. MLS also has the aptitude to diagnoses the very pathology that caused it. The MLS measurement can be used to successfully distinguish between a variety of intracranial conditions including acute subdermal hematoma, malignant middle cerebral artery infarction, epidural hematoma, subarachnoid hemorrhage, chronic subdermal hematoma, infarction, intraventrical hemorrhage, a combination of these symptoms, or the absence of pertinent damage altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="20130420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130420" title="Stratification of emotional life (Scheler)">
Stratification of emotional life (Scheler)

Max Scheler (1874–1928) was an early 20th-century German Continental philosopher in the phenomenological tradition. Scheler's style of phenomenology has been described by some scholars as “applied phenomenology”: an appeal to facts or “things in themselves” as always furnishing a descriptive basis for speculative philosophical concepts. One key source of just such a pattern of facts is expressed in Scheler’s descriptive mapping of human emotional life (the “Stratification of Emotional Life”) as articulated in his seminal 1913–1916 work, Formalism in Ethics and Non-Formal Ethics of Values.
Overview.
The practical significance of Scheler's Stratification of Emotional Life is obvious in several respects and points of view.
First, Scheler seems to be making a case in favor of what we might refer to today as Emotional Intelligence, as a portal to more ethical behavior and optimum personal development, similar to the ancient Greek concern for promoting virtuous character. However quite unlike many of our modern attitudes and prejudices, emotional life ought not be viewed as simply a chaotic impediment to reason, but rather should be understood as a sort of “sixth sense” having an informative objective core: what Scheler termed our Ordo Amoris (or “Logic of the Heart”).
Second, for Scheler values have true primacy as real inherent "qualities" discovered in things, people, situations and the like. Values and immanent emotive experience are co-extensive: “the plain fact is that we act vis-à-vis values just as we do vis-à-vis colors and sounds.” Scheler's claim is that the correlates of feelings and emotions are "values", just as the correlates of visual perception are "colors" and audio perceptions are "sounds". If such qualities are present in a person's world, they tend to be apprehended. But the reverse is also true: the meanings ascribed to things, people, situations and the like are uniquely co-extensive with the subjective relativity of every "person", as the "totality of acts of different kinds" having a unique qualitative direction and destiny. As a value being and bearer of values every person is as unique as a snowflake. This is why Scheler's ethics is commonly referred as a Material Value-Ethics as opposed to a formal ethics (Immanuel Kant).
Third, values are emotively intuited. The "whole" of "something" is intuited by consciousness before any of the "parts" can fully be rationally known or assimilated. Common expressions such as "ah ha", "love at first sight," "déjà vu" or "the cat's pajamas" sum up this basic idea. Values are realized though personal apprehensions (i.e. "attractions" and "repulsions") of positive (and negative) qualities discoverable through our own pre-thought, pre-willed acts of preference 
Fourth, depth of emotion signals importance (intensity) of value, just as absence of feeling signals the lack. This depth structure found in emotive life correlates reciprocally to Scheler’s formulation of an upward vertical "apriori" hierarchy of values as forming the basis of an intuitive ethics inspired by love, emanating ultimately from the "Divine".
Scheler's Analysis of the Strata of Emotive Life.
For Scheler, human feelings, feeling states and emotions display a meaningful and progressive pattern of levels from our peripheral to the deeper more stable structures of personality. Scheler identified four distinct but interrelated strata found in human emotional life.
At our most periphery we have sensible feelings (e.g., a tickle, an itch, a fragrance, a taste, pleasure, pain, hunger, thirst, intoxication…), which manifest in relative modes of joy and suffering. These feelings are shortest in duration, extended and localizable with reference to the lived-body, and are the most readily alterable and accessible through external means and stimuli.
Next we have vital feelings or feeling states of the unitary lived-body which are experienced as a unified field or whole (e.g., comfort, health, vigor, strength, tiredness, illness, weakness, advancing age, phantom limb phenomenon…), and which manifest intentionally as fear and hope.
The remaining two strata of the emotive map belongs to the realm of individual personhood because these emotions transcend (or at least exceed) the physical restrictions of lived-body and environment; they are the least subject to arbitrary alteration; and they are also by their very nature communicable and social in character.
These are, first, the purely psychic feeling states or emotions having a characteristically ego-quality (e.g., euphoria, happiness, sympathy, enjoyment, sadness, sorrow, anger, jealousy…), and which manifest intentionally as empathy, preferring, loving, hating and willing. As representing one’s prevalent mental disposition it is important to note that psychic feeling states are alterable though acts of free will, thought and positive social interactions.
Finally, Scheler identifies spiritual feelings which differ sharply from personal psychic feeling states in that “all ego-states seem to be extinguished… such emotions take possession of the whole of our being.” (e.g., bliss, awe, wonder, catharsis, despair, shame, remorse, anxiety, pangs of conscience, grief…). These types of emotions overtake and overcome us, usually quite unexpectedly. We can not reason or will to produce such spiritual feelings. As positive experiences, we can only open our hearts and mind and hope that they find us.
The intentional arch of positive feelings and feeling states ultimately spans from the sensible to the spiritual, or from a sort of “hedonistic nihilism” to deeper levels of personal contentment. The opposite is true for negative feeling and feeling states.
The Connection Between Emotive Life and Value Modalities.
The structure of Scheler's stratification model of emotive life correlates to the inherent spectral type structure of value rankings, or what Scheler termed the "apriori" hierarchy of value modalities. Our earlier analogy to color perception illustrates this point. Just as all colors we intuit (see) are derivative of the pure spectrum or hues as when pure ("white") light is refracted through a prism, so too all intuited (felt) values are derivative of the "apriori" hierarchy of value modalities as when "Divine" love is apprehended through a purely ordered heart (Ordo Amoris).
Scheler's claim is that these value modalities are constant and unchanging throughout history, forming a basis for objective non-formal ethics. From lowest to highest these modalities (with their respective positive and corresponding negative dis-value forms) are as follows: sensual values of the agreeable and the disagreeable; vital values of the noble and vulgar; mental (psychic) values of the beautiful and ugly, right and wrong and truth and falsehood; and finally values of the Holy and Unholy of the Divine and Idols.
The logical implication of all the above is that human beings will naturally prefer a positive value (i.e., value situation) over a negative value (or dis-value), such as when life seems to tragically descend in a self-perpetuating spiral of negative emotions (envy, anger, jealousy, spite, hate, revenge)--a psycho-philosophical problematic termed Ressentiment. Furthermore, human beings will naturally prefer values of a higher ranking over those of a lower to the extent that they will invest time, work and sacrifice to order to attain them: for example, people will routinely defer a measure of immediate gratification in order to secure a child's education, their own retirement, etc.
Hence, the relativity of value experience transitions to the beginnings of an objective morality which ensures personal fulfillment and transcendence. Since all ethics must ultimately advise our decisions in some way, Scheler’s non-formal value-based ethics promises to potentially achieve this end through our cognitive understanding and channeling of the advance information offered through our emotive life.
Philosophy vs. Psychology: a Relation of Synergy.
Critics and admirers alike find Scheler's ethics susceptible to flights of romanticism as "decisively canceling the normative character of ethical acts." No surprise since a non-formal ethics does not rely on a system of rules or principles, but only implicit suggestions. More pragmatic applications of Scheler's principles might best be implemented under the controlled guidance of therapeutic psychology.
Scheler’s ideas are inspiring to anyone who shares a common philosophical belief in the fundamental value of persons and in developing each of us to our optimum potential. This is all the more true when we consider just what this might mean for a well ordered free and democratic society.
However, extreme care should be taken not to assume Scheler’s philosophy is somehow based purely in some sort of progressive bottom-up psychology: for example, Abraham Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, Jean Piaget’s theory of cognitive development, or Lawrence Kohlberg’s Stages of Moral Development. This is particularly important since Scheler’s relied extensively on hierarchical “stratification” models as a sort of general motif for his philosophy as a whole, as well as for a wide range of editorial topics. In spite many striking content similarities with scientific psychological theories, Scheler’s philosophy is, by contrast, first and foremost a serviceable speculative top-down emanation model, guided by love and values, and based upon dualistic metaphysical principals of Vital Urge ("Drang") and Spirit ("Geist").
Likewise, science alone can not fully account the sustaining spiritual forces that lift man and culture beyond the limitations of practical necessity, adaptation and natural selection. When scientific method can no longer design a model to verify what the scientist suspects, he becomes a philosopher of sorts...that is when the scientific community considers that member to have gone "soft in the head"—a distinction which ironically includes most of the best and brightest of science.
Sources.
• Scheler, Max, Formalism in Ethics and Non-Formal Ethics of Values. Trans. Manfred S. Frings and Roger L. Funk. Evanston: Northwestern University Press, 1973.
• Scheler, Max, On the Eternal in Man. Trans. Bernard Noble. Hamden: Shoe String Press, 1972.
• Scheler, Max, Man’s Place in Nature. Trans. Hans Meyerhoff. New York: Noonday, 1973.
• Scheler, Max, The Nature of Sympathy. Trans. Peter Heath. Hamden: Shoe String Press, 1973.
• Scheler, Max, Philosophical Perspectives. Trans. Manfred S. Frings. Boston: Beacon, 1958.
• Scheler, Max, Problems of a Sociology of Knowledge. Trans. Manfred S Frings. Ed, Kenneth W. Stikkers. London: Routledge & Kegan Paul, Ltd., 1980. Hamden: Shoe String Press, 1972.
• Scheler, Max, Ressentiment. Trans. William W. Holdheim. Introduction by Lewis A. Coser. New York: Schocken, 1972. 
• Scheler, Max, On the Eternal in Man. Trans. Bernard Noble. Hamden: Shoe String Press, 1972.
• Scheler, Max, Selected Philosophical Essays. Trans. David R. Lachterman. “The Idols of Self-Knowledge,” “Ordo Amoris,” “Phenomenology and the Theory of Cognition,” “The Theory of Three Facts,” and “Idealism and Realism.” Evanston: Northwestern University Press, 1973.
• Frings, Manfred S. Max Scheler: A Concise Introduction into the World of a Great Thinker. Milwaukee: Marquette University Press, 1996.
• Frings, Manfred S. The Mind of Max Scheler: The First Comprehensive Guide Based on the Completed Works. Milwaukee: Marquette University Press, 2001.
• Luther, Arthur R. “The Articulated Unity of Being in Scheler’s Phenomenology. Basic Drive and Spirit.” Max Scheler (1874–1928) Centennial Essays, Ed. Manfred S. Frings. The Hague: Martinus Nijhoff, 1974.
• Emad, Parvis. “Person, Death and World” Max Scheler (1874–1928) Centennial Essays, Ed. Manfred S. Frings. The Hague: Martinus Nijhoff, 1974).
• Wojtyla, Karol (Pope John Paul II). The Acting Person. Trans. Potocki Andrzej. Boston: Kluwer, 1979.
• Buttiglione, Rocco. Karol Wojtyla: The Thought of the Man who Became Pope John Paul II, trans. Paolo Guietti, Francesca Murphy. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1997.
• Welch, E. Parl. “Max Scheler’s Phenomenology of Religion.” Diss. University of Southern California, 1934.
• Czopek, Michael J. “Max Scheler’s Problem of Religion: A Critical Exposition.” Diss. Chicago: DePaul University, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20130437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130437" title="Ripley Hitchcock">
Ripley Hitchcock

Ripley Hitchcock, born James Ripley Wellman Hitchcock, (1857–1918) was a prominent American editor. He edited the works of Rudyard Kipling, Arthur Conan Doyle, Zane Grey, Joel Chandler Harris, Stephen Crane and Theodore Dreiser.
Biography.
Ripley Hitchcock was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, in 1857. His father was surgeon Alfred Hitchcock (1813-1874). He graduated from Harvard University in 1877. After his graduation, he was a special student at Harvard in fine arts and philosophy. He attended lectures at the New York College of Physicians and Surgeons for one year.
He started work as a journalist for "The New York Tribune" in 1882. In 1890, he became literary adviser for D. Appleton & Company, in which capacity he edited Edward Noyes Westcott's narrative "David Harum" (1898) into a bestseller, later made into a film. From 1902 to 1906, he worked for A. S. Barnes as vice president. From 1906 onwards, he worked as an editor for Harper and Brothers. He unfanged Stephen Crane's lewd details and Theodore Dreiser's irony.
He also wrote books on art and the history of the West and was a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters, the Century Association and the Authors Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20130449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130449" title="California Cured Fruit Association">
California Cured Fruit Association

The California Cured Fruit Association was formed by plum growers in the Santa Clara Valley the country's largest center of production in 1900 to handle distribution of the dried fruit. There were well over three thousand members which also included farmers in other parts of the state.
The driving force in the association was its President Hiram Bond who with his brother Elmer Monroe Bond a New York produce dealer owned a plum nursery and bank in Santa Clara, California.
There were wide swings in the price of prunes depending on time from the harvest. In 1901, the Association built a large dried fruit warehouse near Santa Clara's railroad station. The Cured Fruit Association disbanded in 1903. That year there was an unusually successful plum crop too large to be processed or stored in the association's warehouses. Farmers who faced with rotting fruit sold outside of their agreement at less than the association approved price. A group of dissident members managed to obtain a majority and had the organization disbanded.
In 1916, Rosenberg Brothers took over the warehouse for its dried prune and apricot operation. Many of the farmers involved were later active in the California Prune Board which recently became the California Dried Plum Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20130474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130474" title="Papyrus 79">
Papyrus 79

Papyrus 79 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_179, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Hebrews. The surviving texts of Hebrews are verses 10:10-12,28-30.
The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 7th century.
The text was not corrected. The letters have Coptic shape.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin (Inv. no. 6774) in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20130476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130476" title="Psilostomatidae">
Psilostomatidae

The Psilostomatidae are a family of the parasitic flatworm order Echinostomida, wherein they are part of the Echinostomata (one of the larger suborders). They often parasitize aquatic vertebrates as definitive hosts.
The genera placed here are:

</doc>
<doc id="20130481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130481" title="Lawrence Arts Center">
Lawrence Arts Center

The Lawrence Arts Center was established in Lawrence, Kansas in May 1974 to support the visual and performing arts. The founder and first Executive Director was Ann Evans, who retired at the end of 2007 [http://www2.ljworld.com/news/2007/nov/16/leader_arts_center_retiring/]. In 2002, the Center opened a new facility that included studios, gallery space, a performance space, a gallery shop and space for an arts-based preschool. Currently over 95,000 people participate in the education, performance and outreach programs each year.
On November 17, 2008, David L. Leamon assumed the role of Executive Director Mr. Leamon resigned as Executive Director effective July 31, 2009, and the current Executive Director, Susan Tate, a former Humanities and English teacher at Lawrence High School, began in the position on December 1, 2009 [http://www2.ljworld.com/news/2009/nov/18/lawrence-arts-center-names-new-executive-director/.

</doc>
<doc id="20130487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130487" title="EF-Ts">
EF-Ts

EF-Ts (elongation factor thermo stable) is one of the prokaryotic elongation factors.
EF-Ts serves as the guanine nucleotide exchange factor for EF-Tu (elongation factor thermo unstable), catalyzing the release of guanosine diphosphate from EF-Tu. This enables EF-Tu to bind to a new guanosine triphosphate molecule, release EF-Ts, and go on to catalyze another aminoacyl tRNA addition.

</doc>
<doc id="20130489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130489" title="Tred Avon River">
Tred Avon River

The Tred Avon River (a corruption of "Third Haven River") is a main tributary of the Choptank River in Talbot County on Maryland's Eastern Shore. The river is long.
Geography.
The Tred Avon's headwaters are located approximately southeast of Easton, the county seat. The river flows roughly west past the city then widens and flows southwest about to the mouth just south of Oxford at Benoni Point. The mouth is marked by the Choptank River Light, a 35-foot spider in the main channel.
Name.
"Tred Avon" is a corruption of "Third Haven." The United States Geological Survey's Geographic Names Information System lists the following variant names for the Tred Avon River:
History.
With the colonial port of Oxford founded near its mouth between 1666 and 1668, the river served as a major shipping lane in the international tobacco trade until the end of the American Revolutionary War, when wheat became the Eastern Shore's main cash crop and Oxford's monopoly on colonial trade ended, leading to an economic downturn. With the decline in trade came a post-Civil War rise in oyster harvesting, causing a renewed local economic boom lasting until the depletion of oyster beds in the Tred Avon and lower Choptank in the 1920s from overharvesting.
Maryland governor Martin O'Malley sought to revive the river's oyster beds through citizen participation by initiating the "Marylanders Grow Oysters" project in September 2008, which encourages waterfront property owners to grow oysters from their piers using cages; after a 9- to 12-month growing period, the oysters are moved to a protected sanctuary in the Tred Avon.
The Oxford-Bellevue Ferry, believed to be the oldest privately operated ferry service in the United States, offers shuttle service across the river from April to November.

</doc>
<doc id="20130492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130492" title="John Gaha">
John Gaha

John Francis Gaha (14 April 1894 – 18 March 1966), known as Frank, was an Australian politician. Born in Narrabri, New South Wales, he was educated at St Joseph's College in Sydney and the National University of Ireland, becoming a doctor and a house surgeon in Dublin. Returning to Australia in 1920, he settled in Tasmania, where he established a private practice at Hobart; he was a health officer 1925–1929. In 1933, he was elected as a Labor member to the Tasmanian Legislative Council for Hobart, serving as Minister for Health 1934–1943. In 1943, he transferred to federal politics, winning the House of Representatives seat of Denison by defeating sitting United Australia Party MP Arthur Beck. He retired from federal politics in 1949, returning to Tasmanian politics as a member for Denison in the House of Assembly in 1950. He was chief secretary, Minister for Police and Minister for Transport 1959–1961. Gaha left the Assembly in 1964 and died two years later in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20130495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130495" title="François de Wittert">
François de Wittert

François Wittert (1571 — 12 June 1610) was an admiral in the service of the Dutch republic.
François Wittert was born in Rotterdam, the son of Hendrik Adriaenz. Wittert and Volckgen Clementsdr. van Overschie. He descended from a prominent family from Rotterdam, members of which still live there today.
He was an officer on the ship "Rotterdam", part of an expedition of 14 ships that sailed on 17 June 1602, from Texel under the command of Wybrand van Warwyck, to the East-Indies. His destination was Bantam. Once there, the king of Bantam gave the Dutch permission to build a fort to serve as a Factory (trading post). François Wittert was appointed as its president. He was also the first governor of Bantam from 1603-1605.
After his return to the Netherlands, Witters was appointed as vice-admiral of an expedition of 13 ships, that set sail towards East-India on 22 December 1607 under command of admiral Pieter Willemsz. Verhoeven.
On the 18th of August, presumably 1608, Wittert ravaged Mozambique. He arrived at Bantam in 1609, and went on to erect a lodge on Sulawesi. On 22 May 1609, admiral Verhoeven was killed by the Bandanese, and Wittert succeeded him as admiral. On 22 June the king of Ternate signed a favourable agreement with him. On 22 September Wittert sailed to the Philippines, where he landed on the island Mortir, which he named Nassau, before he sailed for Manila to do battle with the Spanish there in order to remove the Moluccas from Spanish authority. He was able to capture 23 merchants vessels, winning a huge amount of plunder, but he was ambushed in Manila by a superior force on 23 April 1610, and killed. His base of operations was an island called "Islas Hermanas" near Manila, also called Witterts island. This island was a future point of operations for Dutch expeditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20130504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130504" title="Online NMF">
Online NMF

Online NMF (Non-negative matrix factorization) is a recently developed method for real time data analysis in an online context. Non-negative matrix factorization in the past has been used for static data analysis and pattern recognition. In the past it has been used for facial recognition and spectral data analysis, however due to the time and memory expensive nature of NMF algorithms2, PCA, SVD, and Pearson correlation based methods have been used instead. However, the fact that data can be recreated as a linear combination of the set of resolved "basis" data is advantageous in some lines of study. One such use is for collaborative filtering in recommendation systems where it is advantageous to know not only how much two individuals are alike, which can be derived from the Pearson correlation, but also in what ways are they alike. The purpose of the online NMF algorithm is to perform rapid NMF analysis so that recommendations can be produced in real time.
Mathematical Framework.
We begin with the initial factorization at timestamp t
V = W*H + E
For simplicity we claim V ~ W*H
We then add the additional data U to matrix V resulting in V'
V' = ( V ) over ( U )
V' = W'*H
V' = ( W1' )*H' over ( W2' )
Also, for previously processed data:
W' = ( W*Λ−1*W1' ) over ( W2' )
H' = W1'−1*Λ*H
Where Λ is a diagonal matrix were Λii equals weight factor hi
For unprocessed data we need to perform the optimization problem of minimizing J. We have:
J = 1/2 ||V - W*H|| + a*R*H*HT
Where a is a positive integer and R is a symmetry non-negative matrix. This can be done using the following iterative algorithm
wij <-- wij (V*HT)ij over (W*H*HT)ij
hij <-- hij (WT*V)ij over (WT*W*H + a*R*H)ij
Online NMF Algorithm.
1) timestamp 0: Initialize using the NMF algorithm for new data
2) timestamp t:
a) calculate W' and H' using the NMF algorithm for new data
b) create W and H using W' and H' from the previous step and the NMF algorithm for previously processed data.
3) timestamp T: Output final W and H

</doc>
<doc id="20130505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130505" title="Super-Pharm">
Super-Pharm

Super-Pharm ( "Super-Pharm") is a pharmacy chain in Israel, Poland, and China. Owned by the Koffler family, the pharmacy uses the same logo and some of the same private-label brands, such as "Life" and "Quo", as Shoppers Drug Mart in Canada.
History.
The origin of the company is with two pharmacies by Leon Koffler in Toronto in 1921. In 1941 his son, Murray Koffler inherited the two drug stores, called "Koffler's Drugs", and by 1962, Koffler's had grown to a chain of 17 pharmacies, which Murray then renamed "Shoppers Drug Mart" in the 1970s. During the 1970s, Koffler visited Israel, and following the visit he decided to set up a chain similar to his one in Canada. In 1979, the first Super-Pharm pharmacy was opened in the Neve Amirim neighbourhood of Herzliya, Israel. 
The drug store was different from pharmacies in the past in that is was open on the Jewish Sabbath (Saturday), and sold products that were not drugs. Two years later, they opened a second pharmacy in Jerusalem, and 1985 saw the opening of a Super-Pharm branch in the Ayalon shopping mall, which was their first location in a shopping mall.
In July 2007 Bank Leumi acquired 18% stake in for 190 million shekels giving Super-Pharm a company value of NIS 1.05 billion shekels. 
On 4 January 2011, the trade publication "Chain Drug Review"’ recognized Super-Pharm as the Global Chain Drug Retailer of the Year for 2010.
Private label.
Since 1995, Super-Pharm have sold products under their private label "Life", and "LifeStyle" (which Shoppers Drug Mart also sells), which includes more than 400 different products from toiletries, to medicine, to food products. In 2007, the Life brand made up approximately 13% of their total sales.
Operation.
Israel.
Since opening its first store in 1978 Super-Pharm has grown to 160 stores spread across the entire country and achieving a market leading position as the largest drugstore chain in Israel. Super-Pharm is one of the country’s largest employers of non-Jewish Israelis, with over 20% of their workforce, about 1,000 employees (out of 5,800), are Israeli Arabs; additionally 25 of the chain's associates franchise stores are owned by Israeli Arabs.
Poland.
In 2001 the Super-Pharm opened its first branch in Poland and as of 2011 operates 33 branches throughout the country. Annual sales of the Polish chain for 2010 are estimated to reach $150 million.
China.
In 2005 the company started operating in China in a joint venture with China's partners, as of 2010 operates 87 stores in the country.
Trinidad & Tobago.
Established in 2004, Super-Pharm opened its first store in 2005 in Westmoorings, Trinidad. Since then, there has been a continuous growth of store branches throughout the country, with over six stores, offering many modern services and amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="20130509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130509" title="Sourav Dubey">
Sourav Dubey

Sourav Dubey is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman who currently plays for Tripura.
Dubey made five appearances for Tripura Under-22s in the CK Nayudu trophy competition of 2007-08, scoring a half-century in his first appearance, and a century in his third. Although his form for the Under-22s stumbled towards the end of the competition, he made his List A debut in February 2008 - finishing close to a century in his second game.
Dubey made his first-class debut in the 2008-09 Ranji Trophy, against Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20130521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130521" title="Ivan Soll">
Ivan Soll

Ivan Soll (born "Albert Ivan Soll"; born March 1938) is an American philosopher who is a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in the United States. He taught at UW from 1965 until his retirement in May 2011. His teaching and research focused on the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche, German philosophy in general, existentialism, aesthetics, and various figures of continental philosophy.
Background.
Soll was a student of renowned Nietzsche scholar and translator Walter Kaufmann while at Princeton University. Soll completed his A.B. at Princeton University in 1960 with a senior thesis titled "Futility, Freedom and Freud: A Critical Triptych on the Philosophy of Jean-Paul Sartre". He then pursued graduate studies in philosophy at Harvard University, the University of Munich, and Princeton University where he received his Ph.D. in 1966 with a dissertation titled "Hegel’s Search For Absolute Knowledge".
Soll taught the majority of his academic career at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He came to UW-Madison as an Instructor in Philosophy in 1964, and taught there until his retirement in May 2011. He was promoted to assistant professor in 1966, promoted again to associate professor with tenure in 1969, and to full professor in 1973. He has also held visiting professorships at Justus-Liebig University (Germany), the University of Auckland, and the Bosphorus University, Istanbul. His philosophical interests include continental philosophy - especially German philosophy, Friedrich Nietzsche, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Arthur Schopenhauer, Jean-Paul Sartre, Albert Camus, and existentialism generally. He also focused on the intersections of philosophy and literature, the history of philosophy, aesthetics, philosophical psychology, and philosophy of life.
He has published widely in aesthetics, and complements his academic knowledge with expert proficiency in the manufacture of fine art books. Ivan has exhibited his hand-crafted art books in many galleries around the world, and he has integrated the experience in doing so with his academic work. In the area of German philosophy, he has written the influential "Introduction to Hegel's Metaphysics", has authored more than 50 scholarly articles, and has given nearly 130 talks at various national and international venues.
Soll has been the recipient of NEH, ACLS, and UW-Madison IRH fellowships, as well as a Bellagio fellowship from the Rockefeller Foundation and a German D.A.A.D award. He has frequently been the lead professor at UW-Madison study abroad programs: in London (twice), Florence (five times) and Budapest (twice).
Notable Ideas and Contributions.
Soll established his reputation among Nietzsche scholars with his 1973 essay "Reflections on Recurrence: A Re-Examination of Nietzsche's Doctrine" which puts forth a novel interpretation of Nietzsche's idea of the eternal recurrence. Soll's interpretation states that the literal possibility of the eternal recurrence is not as important as taking on the idea for what its consequences imply. He argues that the implications of this idea force the individual to evaluate past, current, and future life choices. 
Documented in the book "Genius In Their Own Words: The Intellectual Journeys of Seven Great 20th-Century Thinkers" edited by David Ramsay Steele (forward by Arthur Danto) a mediated series of questions posed by Soll were presented to the famed French existentialist philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre on various aspects of Sartre's philosophy with Sartre providing his answers to Soll's questions.
Soll contributed three introductions to Walter Kaufmann's "Discovering the Mind" series of books which were some of the last published works from Kaufmann. Soll has also authored several encyclopedia entries on different topics of philosophy. He continues to be discussed by younger Nietzsche scholars like Bernard Reginster who engaged with his ideas in the 2006 book "The Affirmation of Life: Nietzsche on Overcoming Nihilism".
Soll's courses on Nietzsche and Existentialism at the University of Wisconsin–Madison continue to be popular courses in the Wisconsin Philosophy Department. He regularly teaches Introduction to Philosophy thereby introducing the discipline to many new students.
Soll and his wife, Marta Gomez, have produced original artists' books collaboratively at their Tiramisu Press in Madison, Wisconsin.
Soll was a participant in the Peter Sloterdijk lecture series seminar and conference workshop, May 19 to 23, 2008 at the University of Warwick where he discussed the relationship between the philosophies of Sloterdijk and Nietzsche.
Soll completed an essay on Charles Darwin's influence on German philosophy for a volume on Darwin to be published in Turkey, and an essay on Nietzsche's anti-moralism for a conference in Britain in 2010. For the 2010 Summer he taught in Istanbul.
In 2010 he gave the lead-off lecture at a conference in England on Nietzsche's Postmoralism and the keynote address in German, titled "Lob der Illusion" (In Praise of Illusion), at a conference in Germany.
Ph.D. Students.
Soll served as Ph.D. Dissertation Advisor to these students:

</doc>
<doc id="20130525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130525" title="Van Rechteren">
Van Rechteren

The counts van Rechteren (also van Rechteren-Limpurg) belong to the Dutch and German nobility. The German branch von Rechteren-Limpurg-Speckfeld has been mediatised.
The first documented ancestor is Fredericus van Hekeren van der Ese (mentioned 1295) who was an adviser to Reginald II of Guelders. The surname van Rechteren entered the family in the 14th century when one of his descendants married Lutgardis van Voorst, whose ancestors owned the castle Rechteren (near Dalfsen in Overijssel). The family van Voorst tot Voorst also descends from this couple. The van Heeckeren family is related to both families.
Coat of arms.
Shield: in gold a red cross.

</doc>
<doc id="20130544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130544" title="Adrian Gibson">
Adrian Gibson

Adrian Gibson (born 3 November 1935) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated there at Hutchins School and at the University of Tasmania. He became a barrister in 1959, as well as a company director and grazier. In 1964, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as a member of the Liberal Party, winning a by-election for the seat of Denison. He held the seat until his retirement in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20130581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130581" title="The Week in Religion">
The Week in Religion

The Week in Religion is an American religious television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network. The series ran from March 16, 1952 to October 18, 1954. The program gave equal time to Jewish, Protestant, and Catholic speakers; it was hosted by Rabbi William S. Rosenbloom, Reverend Robbins Wolcott Barstow, and Reverend Joseph N. Moody. 
The program, produced and distributed by DuMont, aired on Sundays at 6pm ET on most DuMont affiliates. The series was cancelled in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20130584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130584" title="Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000">
Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000

XXL represented Macedonia in the 2000 Eurovision Song Contest after winning the national final selection, for the Eurovision Song Contest 2000. Their song "100% te ljubam" was one of twenty two songs presented in the national final, which was held on 19 February 2000 at the Universal Hall in Skopje. Katerina Krstevska & Dragan B. Kostic hosted the event. The voting was in 3 parts - an "expert" jury of 21 people (who each awarded 100 points to their favourite song), the votes of the audience in the Universal Hall (who could give 1 point to their favourite song) and televoting (with the favourite of the televoting getting 200 points, 2nd 180 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20130586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130586" title="Grim Reaper (advertisement)">
Grim Reaper (advertisement)

The Grim Reaper commercial was a 1987 Australian television commercial aimed at raising public awareness on the dangers of AIDS. Created as part of a $3 million education campaign by the National Advisory Committee on AIDS (NACAIDS), the advertisement depicted the Grim Reaper bowling in a bowling alley and knocking over men, women, and child "pins" which represented AIDS victims. The commercial first screened on 5 April 1987 and was highly controversial, one reason being that the Grim Reaper became identified with gay men. Nevertheless, the commercial was regarded as highly successful in educating the Australian public about the issue. The commercial was created by Siimon Reynolds and spoken by voice-over artist John Stanton.
Background.
Siimon Reynolds on the idea of the commercial:
...bowling was in my head. I was bowling every week. And I used to love the animation at Christmas with... for Scrooge, where the Grim Reaper came and visited Scrooge. And I thought, "Well, maybe the Grim Reaper could machine-gun them." Then I thought, no, that'll be a five-second ad and it'll be too short. What's another way he could kill them? He could bowl balls at them. And those two things came together. 
Of course, back then, the data was unclear. In some countries - for instance, Italy - almost as many women who had AIDS as men. I think there was also a bit of a political fear that there'll be a backlash against gays if everybody thinks it's some kind of gay plague. But, you know, other countries had failed in their AIDS education because heterosexuals weren't listening. We really had to wake people up. There was a lot of information about how stop AIDS out there, but no-one was reading it. 
Controversy.
The commercial became controversial for offending some members of the gay community. Australian AIDS pioneer Ron Penny regreted the fact this occurred:
The downside was that the Grim Reaper became identified with gay men rather than as the Reaper. That was what we had unintentionally produced - belief by some that the Reaper was people with HIV infection, rather than the Reaper harvesting the dead.
I think there's never been anything on television or any media that has ever matched it in terms of impact, but no advertising can be without some downside, and that was never intended. But it at least made people aware and probably did change sexual practices of heterosexuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20130592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130592" title="George Firestone">
George Firestone

George Firestone (May 13, 1931 – March 2, 2012) was an American political figure from the U.S. state of Florida. He was a Democrat.
Firestone was born in New York City in 1931. He moved to Miami, Florida with his family as a child in 1936. Firestone served in the United States Army and was honorably discharged in 1952. He became a Miami business leader and served in many civic organizations.
Firestone was elected to the Florida House of Representatives from Dade and Monroe counties in 1966. He was elected to the Florida Senate in 1972, where he would serve until 1978. He was elected Secretary of State of Florida in 1978 and was reelected twice, serving until he resigned in 1987. 
He used the Secretary of State's position as chief cultural officer to promoted the arts, and during his term support for the arts increased more than 3,200 percent. He also helped update the Florida seal to include the "sabal palm". During his tenure, he also traveled a great deal to promote foreign investment in Florida, and was a supporter for Free Trade Zones in the state.
Later in life, he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. On March 2, 2012, he died in a Hollywood, Florida assisted living facility at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20130602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130602" title="Darwin's Cathedral">
Darwin's Cathedral

"Darwin's Cathedral" (ISBN 9780226901350) is a 2002 book by David Sloan Wilson which proposes that religion is a multi-level adaptation, a product of cultural evolution developed through a process of multi-level selection. It has been cited by approximately 969 times according to google scholar (as of 1/1/2014).
Reviews.
The "Journal of the American Academy of Religion" called it "a welcome book because it unsettles everybody, evolutionary biologist and religious believer alike". Jared Diamond in the NY Review of Books called it a "thought-provoking book" which "will stimulate each reader to examine his or her personal view of religion's future".

</doc>
<doc id="20130611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130611" title="Lorenzo Zanetti">
Lorenzo Zanetti

Lorenzo Zanetti (born August 10, 1987 in Brescia) is an Italian motorcycle racer who is currently competing in the Supersport World Championship.
He won the Trofeo Honda 125GP in 2004, having been beaten to the title by Luca di Giuseppe in 2003.
His motorcycle collided with Andrea Antonelli during a race on July 21 in Moscow, resulting in Andrea's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20130616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130616" title="Robert Solomon (Australian politician)">
Robert Solomon (Australian politician)

Robert John Solomon AM (born 2 November 1931) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Condobolin, New South Wales, he was educated at Barker College, the University of Sydney and Oxford University before receiving a PhD from the University of Tasmania. He was Senior Lecturer in Geography at the University of Tasmania from 1957 to 1969, and was vice-president of the Tasmanian Liberal Party from 1965 to 1969. In 1969, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Denison, succeeding the retiring Liberal MP Adrian Gibson. He was defeated in 1972 by the Labor candidate, John Coates.

</doc>
<doc id="20130645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130645" title="Abhishek Sinha">
Abhishek Sinha

Abhishek Sinha Hindi: अभिषेक सिन्हा is an aspiring Indian cricketer. He was born in Kolkata, West Bengal. 
Sinha played one game for Tripura Under-15s team in 2003. 
Sinha played four matches in the 2007-08 Vijay Hazare Trophy competition, making his List A debut against Jammu and Kashmir. Sinha made four appearances in the competition. Sinha made his debut first-class appearance in November 2008, against Tripura. 

</doc>
<doc id="20130649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130649" title="USS Walter Adams (SP-400)">
USS Walter Adams (SP-400)

USS "Walter Adams" (SP-400), or ID-400, was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1918 to 1919.
SS "Walter Adams" was a wooden-hulled steam fishing trawler built in 1890 by Robert Palmer and Son, of Noank, Connecticut, and rebuilt in 1898. The U.S. Navy inspected her for possible naval service in March 1917 and again in June 1918, and chartered her on 23 June 1918 for World War I service in the 6th Naval District. She was commissioned on 1 October 1918 as USS "Walter Adams" with Lieutenant, junior grade, Hugh G. Taylor in command. Photographs show that she had the designation "SP-400" painted on her bow and she was used as a patrol boat like other units with an "SP" designation during World War I, although her data card lists her as having Identification Number (Id. No.) 400, or "ID-400", the type of designation given to cargo ships, tankers, and transports taken up from civilian service for use during World War I.
"Walter Adams" operated locally out of Charleston, South Carolina, through the end of World War I. There are no records indicating exactly what she did during her operational career, but it appears likely that she conducted practice minesweeping operations.
"Walter Adams" was decommissioned at the Customs House Dock at Wilmington, North Carolina, on 10 January 1919, struck from the Navy List the same day, and simultaneously returned to her owner.

</doc>
<doc id="20130679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130679" title="John Coates (Australian politician)">
John Coates (Australian politician)

John Coates (born 23 March 1944) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was educated at the University of Sydney, after which he became a biochemist at the University of Tasmania. In 1972, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Denison, defeating sitting Liberal MP Robert Solomon. He was defeated by Liberal candidate Michael Hodgman in 1975, but in 1980 returned to politics when he was elected to the Senate. He remained a Senator until he resigned his place on 20 August 1996, six months after the federal election that had removed Labor from power.
Coates announced his resignation from the Senate on the same day that his ALP colleague Senator Mal Colston left the party and with Coalition support was elected Deputy President of the Senate. Senator Coates announced his resignation in the Senate just shortly after Colston's election as Deputy Senate President and when Senator Coates made this announcement there was an interjection from across the chamber from Liberal Senator Alan Ferguson.
In reference to the Colston defection earlier in the day, Senator Ferguson in response to Senator Coates' announcement said "Another one." Whilst still in the middle of making his resignation speech, Senator Coates responded in kind by saying, "From the Senate not from the Australian Labor Party."

</doc>
<doc id="20130682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130682" title="Zenodorus son of Lysanias">
Zenodorus son of Lysanias

Zenodorus was the ruler of a small principality in the vicinity of Damascus described by Josephus as the "house of Lysanias", 23-20 BCE. Though Josephus doesn't seem to know it, Zenodorus was actually the son of Lysanias, for a funerary inscription found at Heliopolis (Baalbek) was dedicated to "Zenodorus the son of Lysanias the tetrarch" (of Iturea). He gained control, on lease we are told, of some of his father's territory (confiscated when his father had been executed by Mark Antony), but it is not clear exactly what his territory was for Josephus only gives us information concerning areas south of Damascus (Ulatha and Paneas, both, we are told, west of Trachonitis), while the center of Lysanias's realm was north-west of Damascus. He may in fact have held the lease on his territories as far back as the time of his father's execution (36 BCE), doing the work of administering the region while initially paying rent to Cleopatra, though we only have Josephus's indications to follow. Coins minted during his reign describe Zenodorus as "tetrarch and high priest", a phrase also used on coins by his forebearers. This indicates that for most of his possession of his father's lands, he was more than a lessee of the property.
Josephus reports Zenodorus was not satisfied with his earnings so he became involved in acts of robbery in the Trachonitis region south-east of Damascus as well as against Damascus itself. The Damascenes turned to the Roman governor to relieve their sufferings, which led Augustus to give control of the Trachonitis to Herod the Great, along with the task of bringing order to the area. Zenodorus went to Rome in an attempt to bring charges against Herod for the zealousness of his efforts in the Trachonitis, but returned, not having achieved anything.
Starting to despair for his situation Zenodorus sold a part of his lands called Auranitis for fifty talents, though this land had been confiscated by Augustus and given to Herod! Next he instigated the inhabitants of Gadara to make charges against Herod before Augustus who had come to Syria, but Augustus stood by Herod and the unrest dissipated. Zenodorus's problems were finally resolved when he suffered a ruptured intestine and died soon afterwards in Antioch.
Josephus's presentation of Zenodorus is rather negative and the interpretations he places on the events he describes may simply represent the propaganda of his major source for the period, Nicolaus of Damascus, an important functionary in the court of Herod the Great, who would have looked after Herod's best interests to the loss of Zenodorus.
References.
Major source is Josephus, Antiquities of the Jews, 15.342-360. See also Josephus, Jewish War, 1.398-400.

</doc>
<doc id="20130684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130684" title="Thomas Hale Boggs, Jr.">
Thomas Hale Boggs, Jr.

Thomas Hale Boggs, Jr. (born 1941), is an American lawyer and lobbyist, based in Washington, D.C.
Boggs is the son of Thomas Hale Boggs (1914–1972), a United States Representative from Louisiana from 1941–43 and again from 1947 until his death in 1972, and Lindy Boggs (1916-2013), a United States Representative from Louisiana from 1973 until 1991 and thereafter U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican under President Bill Clinton. His siblings include journalist and news commentator Cokie Roberts, and Barbara Boggs Sigmund, who served as the mayor of Princeton, New Jersey.
Boggs began his legal practice in New Orleans and later moved to Washington, D.C., to become a lawyer and lobbyist in the nation's capital. He joined the law/lobbyist firm of James R. Patton, Jr., which today is known as Patton Boggs. Boggs is the firm's senior partner.
Boggs ran for US Congress in Maryland from District 8 as Democrat against incumbent Republican Gilbert Gude in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20130701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130701" title="First Squad">
First Squad

First Squad ( "Fāsuto sukuwaddo", ) is a joint animation project of Japan's Studio 4°C and Russian authors with Molot Entertainment. It won the "Kommersant" newspaper's prize.
Plot.
Set during the opening days of World War II on the Eastern Front (autumn and winter of 1941/1942). Its main cast are a group of Soviet teenagers with extraordinary abilities; the teenagers have been drafted to form a special unit to fight the invading German army. They are opposed by a Schutzstaffel (SS) officer who is attempting to raise from the dead a supernatural army of crusaders from the 12th-century Order of the Sacred Cross (i.e. the Teutonic Knights) and enlist them in the Nazi cause. Most of the teenage crew die, except for the protagonist Nadia. She is taken to a secret Soviet lab that studies supernatural phenomena, especially contacts with the dead. Nadia's task is to dive into the world of the dead for reconnaissance. There, in the Gloomy Valley, she meets her dead friends and persuades them to continue fighting.
Ligalize's video clip.
On the eve of May 9, 2005, a video clip was released, based on the track "Наша с тобой победа" ("Our victory") by Russian rap artist Ligalize. The clip was directed by Daisuke Nakayama, produced by Michael Spritz and Alexey Klimov and depicted an epic fight between Soviet Pioneers and Nazi soldiers, with the German side in possession of mecha and various supernatural soldiers. Among the featured locations are the Palace of Soviets and Mayakovskaya metro station, Moscow.
Motion picture.
In 2007, it was announced that a motion picture titled "First Squad - The Moment Of Truth" was in the works. Film is produced by Studio 4°C and recently created for this purpose studio Molot Entertainment, distributed by Amedia. Directed by Studio 4°C director and animator Yoshiharu Ashino, cowritten and produced by Michael Spritz, Alexey Klimov, with Eiko Tanaka, featuring character development by Hirofumi Nakata, and music by Japanese musician DJ Krush. The film has been shown at Cannes Film Festival, Locarno Film Festival, Fantasporto and Fantasia film festival. On June 8, 2010, Anchor Bay Entertainment announced that they will distribute the film in the United States through Manga Entertainment and L.A. based XYZ Films.

</doc>
<doc id="20130728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130728" title="Alfred Seabrook">
Alfred Seabrook

Alfred Charles Seabrook (5 April 1867 – 11 June 1939) was an Australian politician. Born in Hobart, he was educated in Ireland, after which he became a builder and contractor. In 1922, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Nationalist member for Franklin, defeating Nationalist-turned-Country Party MP and inaugural leader of the Country Party William McWilliams. He held the seat until his defeat by McWilliams, running as an independent, in 1928. In 1931, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as a United Australia Party member for Franklin, holding the seat until 1934. Seabrook died in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20130730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130730" title="Jim Koleff">
Jim Koleff

Jim Koleff (July 14, 1953 – November 2, 2008) was a Canadian hockey player and coach who spent three decades playing hockey and coaching and managing hockey teams in Europe.
Koleff played for three seasons, from 1971 to 1973, with the junior hockey Hamilton Red Wings from 1971 to 1973. He was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks in 1973, but never played in the National Hockey League. He followed with four seasons at mid-level minor hockey teams, including the Flint Generals of the International Hockey League.
Dave Chambers just hired as coach of the HC Gherdëina of the Serie A Italian hockey league, invited Koleff to play for the team, and led the league in scoring that season. He was signed by Hockey Club Lugano of the Swiss National League A. He played for HC Lugano until 1992 when he took up became the coaching of EV Zug.
During the 1992 season, he was diagnosed with testicular cancer, which was in remission for a period until it metastasized two years as a stomach tumor. With chemotherapy, the cancer disappeared. He returned to coaching and led EV Zug to its first-ever league championship series. He returned to coach Lugano to a victory in the 1999 Swiss championship, the team's first win in nine seasons. He later became coach, and later general manager, of the Lausanne Hockey Club, and was a member of the team's board of directors a the time of his death. In 2006, he told "The Hamilton Spectator" that "I told Dave I'd go for one year and 30 years later I'm still here".
He was an assistant coach on Pat Quinn's Team Canada staff that won the silver medal at the 2006 Spengler Cup held in Davos, Switzerland.
Koleff died at age 55 on November 2, 2008 in Lausanne, Switzerland after a 16-year battle with cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20130750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130750" title="Sandy Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site">
Sandy Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site

Sandy Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site in Jefferson County, Missouri, is administered by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources' Division of State Parks to preserve the Sandy Creek Covered Bridge. The bridge is one of four remaining covered bridges in Missouri, which once numbered about 30. It is a relatively rare example of a Howe truss bridge, one of three in Missouri. It is named for Sandy Creek which it crosses.
Jefferson County embarked on a building program following the American Civil War and paid John H. Morse $2000 for the construction of Sandy Creek Covered Bridge in 1872. It is one of six bridges built that year for Hillsboro to Lemay Ferry road to connect the county seat of Hillsboro to St. Louis County. It was destroyed by high water in 1886, and was rebuilt for $899 by Henry Steffin using half of the original timbers and the original abutments. The bridge is , 18 feet 10 inches (5.7 m) wide and an height of .
The bridge came under the protection of the state parks system when the state legislature passed an act in 1967 declaring all remaining covered bridges in the state to be state historic sites. Jefferson County released the bridge to the state in 1968, and it was officially listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. A major restoration project restored the bridge to its original appearance in 1984.
The bridge is now open only to pedestrian traffic. The parks-administered historic site of which it is the centerpiece is a day use facility with picnic tables, toilet facilities, and an interpretive display.

</doc>
<doc id="20130778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130778" title="Strashimira Filipova">
Strashimira Filipova

Strashimira Filipova (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Страшимира Филипова) (born August 18, 1985) is a Bulgarian volleyball player. She represented the Bulgaria national team at the 2005 Women’s European Volleyball Championship, which marked her debut for the national side.
Career.
Her youth years were spent with CSKA Sofia and she played for their senior team (2001-2003, 2004-2005). She has also donned the colours of the Slavia Sofia volleyball team (2003-2004). Filipova is also a former member of the RC Cannes team.
Filipova initially focused on the high jump, but switched to volleyball when she was in grade 9.
In 2009, she was part of the squad that finished in third place at the 2009 Women's European Volleyball League.
Filipova was a key member of the Bulgarian team that won a bronze medal at the 2011 Women's European Volleyball League.
In 2011, she was chosen as the captain of the team for the 2011 Women's European Volleyball Championship, as Eva Yaneva was banned from participating in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20130779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130779" title="List of minor Tugs characters">
List of minor Tugs characters

The following is a list of fictional characters in the children's television series "Tugs". All of these characters played supporting roles to the series' main characters' in the fictional harbour of Bigg City Port.
Tugboats.
Sea Rogue.
Sea Rogue is also known as "The Pirate" - his only appearance is in the episode of the same name. In darker times he stole barges for two mysterious green-eyed tugs, who had captured Sea Rogue's Uncle, and threatened to scuttle him unless Sea Rogue stole more barges for them; similar then, to Zebedee's relationship with the tramper Johnny Cuba in the episode "High Winds". The Green-Eyed Pirates were later caught out by Ten Cents, Sunshine, Grampus, and Sea Rogue himself, who devised a plan to capture the two fiends. Sea Rogue had been previously mistaken for the pirate himself, hence his nickname and he later forgave the Star Tugs for ever thinking that about him. He then returned to a peaceful life with his uncle. He was voiced by Nigel Anthony.
Sea Rogue's appearance was intimidating, especially his eye patch, a typical pirate trademark. He was a completely black tug in colour, and didn't seem to work for any particular fleet, although the "Mi" symbol on his stack suggests that he worked for the munitions company, as the same symbol is seen on the factory and warehouse doors.
His model was later repainted and modified to be used for Bluenose.
Sea Rogue also appeared on the acclaimed TLC TV series "Salty's Lighthouse" except he became a villain who liked stealing cargo. He was voiced by Paul Dobson.
Bluenose.
Bluenose is an obnoxious navy tug, whom both the Star Tugs and Z-Stacks despise. He plays precisely by the rules and acts as a kind of stereotypical army drill sergeant towards the other tugs. He is annoying, pompous, and self-centered, and despite appearing in only two episodes of the series - "Munitions" and "Regatta"- he caused a major impact, and is often referred to as a major character. He speaks with a regimented Army English accent.
His major story line was involved with blowing up the midget submarine Grampus who was saved at the last minute and later became a member of the Star Fleet. After the episode "Munitions", Bluenose was left a nervous wreck, after a terrible night at the docks involving the death of the naval tramp steamer Kraka-Toa. He is towed away by Grampus.
He was voiced by Sean Barrett. In Salty's Lighthouse he was voiced by Garry Chalk.
The term 'bluenose' was a nickname for people who came from the Canadian province of Nova Scotia - in the context of the show it may also have been a pun on the term 'Brown-nose', or suck-up - given Bluenose's orders-following mentality it can be said that he is a 'naval brown-nose', hence, possibly, 'Bluenose'.
Fire Chief.
The Fire Chief, also referred to as the Fire Launch, was in his own right, quite a significant character. Although he did not have his own individual name, and only appeared briefly in four episodes, in one of which he had no dialogue, he had a major role in the health, safety and well-being of Bigg City Port and its inhabitants. He is seen as an authoritarian figure and was often around when chaos was stirring in the Port.
The Fire Tug is level headed and down-to-earth, he is usually bright eyed, although his stubble makes him appear quite rough, however he is alert and keen to get to work. He speaks with a Cockney accent. He is painted white and red.
Like Billy Shoepack, The Fire Tug could move his head and eyes rather than immobile features.
According to sources, The Fire Tug is voiced by British actor Nigel Anthony, who provided the voices of Big Mac, Hercules and Zebedee.
In "Salty's Lighthouse" he became Red Fin. This could be a result of a misinterpretation on the editor's parts: in the TUGS episode, "Munitions", Bluenose arrogantly calls him a "red thing", and seeing as Bluenose's heavy accent can be indistinguishable at times, the editors of Salty's Lighthouse could have heard the name as Red Fin. He was voiced by Paul Dobson.
Boomer.
Boomer was found floating adrift in the episode "Jinxed", the only episode in which he has a speaking part, by the Star tugs Ten Cents and Sunshine where he revealed he was a jinx, which Ten Cents was very sceptical about. After many incidents including almost sinking and his engine failing then catching fire, Ten Cents finally believed that he had a bad luck streak. After he was repaired at Lucky's Yard, Captain Star decided that Boomer was to become a house boat, and he now resides at an upriver jetty, "Dun Tuggin" where he can relax all day, and the jinx has finally left him.
Boomer was originally called Captain Harry, and he says that he became jinxed when his name was changed to Boomer. Boomer was the only tug except from the initial seven to become a Star Tug during the series, even if it was only for a very short period. He was also briefly a Z-Stack, when he helped Zip and Zug pull some munitions, but after the barge exploded Captain Zero got rid of him. He can be seen towing barges in the background of the episode 'Up River' with this exception he was never featured in the series again.
Boomer speaks with an Irish accent. According to sources, Boomer is voiced by British actor Lee Cornes, who starred in Grange Hill for many years who also provided the voices of Grampus, Billy Shoepack and The Coast Guard.
In Salty's Lighthouse he appeared in two episodes, in which he experienced two very different adventures; in one episode he lost his 'bad luck' by successfully towing the schooner, and in the other one, he failed as in the original TUGS, and then became a 'vacation boat' in a story Ten Cents told to Zug. During these episodes he was voiced by two different voice actors, first Scott McNeil, then Brad Swaile.
Boomer's history reflects the naval superstition that changing the name of a ship invokes bad-luck. His name in naval and military slang is the nickname for submarines armed with ballistic missiles/nuclear ICBMs - though it is highly improbable that Boomer has any connection to nuclear weapons (having predated their invention by two decades) it can safely be said that he had a similarly intense impact on the tugs of Bigg City Port.
Billy Shoepack.
Billy Shoepack is an alligator tug; just like an alligator, he sits incredibly low in the water. And in Billy's case, he's just as dangerous as an alligator; he carries supplies such as fuses and dynamite to the Upriver towns. Billy has a particular fixation with his dynamite, and loves using it to create 'lovely big bangs' and 'blast someone out of trouble,' as he manages to do in the episodes "Up River" and "Trapped". Billy has been ridiculed by the other tugs, for his unusual appearance and seeming lack of common sense, but his great courage and spirit has helped them get out of trouble, and changed their minds for the better.
Billy speaks with a strong West Country accent. Billy Shoepack is voiced by British actor Lee Cornes. In "Salty's Lighthouse" he was voiced by Brad Swaile.
Sea Rogue's Uncle.
Sea Rogue's Uncle was never named, although he was referred to as "Old Man" by his nephew Sea Rogue. He was an elderly tug with a brownish colour scheme, appearing only in "Pirate". He was kidnapped by the "Green-Eyed" tugs, who held him as ransom in order to make his nephew steal barges. He was later rescued by Grampus. His voice actor is unknown.
His body was reused as Boomer.
Burke and Blair.
Burke and Blair were notorious scrap dealers, and scavengers. Burke was the one with a moustache, and Blair wore the glasses. They were always seen together, and had small appearances in many episodes across the series. The only episode in which they speak is "Quarantine", when they try- and almost succeed in- convincing Captain Star to sell O.J. for scrap.
They were often seen in the background of the series, most notably at the end of the episode 'Ghosts'. Their names come from the Edinburgh corpse sellers: Burke and Hare and they are sort of tugboat alternatives to their human counterparts, in that they deal in dead boats - not people.
John Baddeley voiced Burke and Sean Barrett voiced Blair .
In TUGS' American counterpart, Salty's Lighthouse, Burke and Blair were Movie Producers called Mr. Boffo and Mr. Socco and were voiced by Richard Newman.
The Pirates.
A pair of villainous tugboats who slipped into Bigg City Port with the intention of stealing loaded barges that could be sold off illegally for trade. To increase their security, they used Sea Rogue as their decoy, and to make sure that he performed their bidding, they took his uncle hostage and threatened to sink him if Sea Rogue disobeyed them. With the unexpected help of Zip and Zug, the Star Fleet and Sea Rouge were able to capture the pirate tugs and hand them into the authorities. The pirate tugs were mysterious-looking vessels with black paint and a distinguishable pair of green-tinted spotlights. They are known among fans as 'The Green-Eyed Things'. The pirate tugs are among the few speaking tugboats among the cast that do not have faces.
They were voiced by Sean Barrett.
The White Fleet.
A fleet of tugboats who came to Bigg City Port during the midst of winter. They came from 'northern waters' in search of an iceberg, and travelled about the harbour at night with engines 'off', listening for cracking ice. They were mistaken by the Star Fleet, Zorran and Izzy Gomez for being the phantoms of a tug fleet that sank in the great storm of 1912. After an eventful night, Hercules revealed the truth behind the White Fleet. Since then, the Star Tugs found they could laugh it off, but never forgot the night when fog nearly drove them crazy. The white fleet may have been used as the pirates.
The Coast Guard.
He is a small vessel who acts as customs officer for the port. He often stands at the entrance to the estuary ready to question and check incoming shipping before clearance. On other occasions he stands by and over-looks large-scale operations, such as demolition and quarry work. He also doubled as a 'one-man' police-force. Despite his size, he has heavy influence and authority over the vessels of the port. He has made numerous cameo appearances, but had minor speaking roles in High Winds, Warrior and Quarantine. He speaks in a posh English accent.
He is voiced by British actor Lee Cornes, who also voiced Grampus, Billy Shoepack and Boomer in the series. On the Buzz Books, The Coast Guard was referred to as The Customs Launch. 
In "Salty's Lighthouse" the Coast Guard was called "Cappy" and was voiced by Brad Swaile.
Coast Guard's Messenger.
A small motor boat with a shrill whistle, he appeared only briefly in "Regatta" to inform the Star Fleet of Lillie Lightship's predicament, having been sent by the Coast Guard to deliver the message. The same small vessel doubled as the 'mad' speed boat that caused the accident in "Quarantine". He was in this form before 4th Of July, as he appears in the liner scene of Warrior in Sunshine. He is located beside the Fire Launch. He is voiced by Mike Mulloy. In Salty's Lighthouse, he was mistakenly thought to be the same character as the Coast Guard, and also became 'Cappy', voiced by Brad Swaile.
Ocean liners.
"The Duchess".
The Duchess appears in "Sunshine", the very first episode, making her the first ocean liner we encounter in the series. She only appeared in two scenes in the whole of that episode: first when the Star's were towing her in - and again in the nighttime firework celebrations following a successful journey. In appearance she looked a lot like "Princess Alice" - and it is possible she was the same model - only with modified funnels and ventilators. She is the TUGS liner character to make the most cameos. In "Salty's Lighthouse" she was called Queen Victoria.
"The Duchess" seems to be based on the Hamburg America Line ship SS "Imperator", which was given to the Cunard Line after World War I, and renamed "Berengaria" after the 12th century English queen of the same name. Like the ""Imperator"/"Berengaria"," she has three funnels, an open promenade, and is about long. When Captain Star calls her "one of the biggest liners around," it implies that she's not the largest ocean liner in the world, seemingly also a reference to how "Imperator" was surpassed by her younger sisters SS "Vaterland" and SS "Bismarck". If looked at closely the creators could have been attempting to make a story line involving a Cunard liner as the smoke stack livery holds the same colors suggesting they'll give her a full name from "The Duchess" to RMS "Cunard Duchess" but was changed before filming to avoid angering Cunard by involving what looks like a former flag ship in a children's story.
Her name in "Salty's Lighthouse" is a reference to the "Berengaria's" successor as Cunard's flagship
RMS "Queen Mary" who is also named after a queen. Like "Berengaria" she is also a three stacker, has an open promenade and is also overshadowed in size by her younger sister the RMS "Queen Elizabeth".
Her profile card in the TUGS board game gave her nationality as British.
Princess Alice.
Princess Alice was the most prominent of the three Liners - she appeared in three episodes ("High Winds", "High Tide", and "4th of July"), in High Winds she was in need of repair and the Stars (and Zebedee) all fought against the heavy winds to bring her safely into port. When she appeared in the 12th episode 4th of July, she was fully repaired - and was celebrating Independence Day heartily with the other vessels whilst being loaded by Big Mickey,She makes a brief cameo in High Tide. In "Salty's Lighthouse" she was callad Princess Anne.
The Princess Alice is based on a ship built in 1900 for the Hamburg American Line named in honor of the daughter of Queen Victoria. After the first world war however she was moved to the United States Line (which explains her nationality in the show) but her name was changed to USS Princess Matoika in post war service, then SS President Arthur in 1922, and finally SS City of Honolulu in 1927. In 1933 she was scrapped. She however shows off a livery similar to the Duchess in contrast to the real ship's livery.
Her profile card in the TUGS board game gives her nationality as American.
S.S. Vienna.
S.S. Vienna appeared in the episode Bigg Freeze, in which the Star Tugs and Z-Stacks alike were eagerly awaiting her return. In some videos she appears in the opening credits, and she makes a cameo in Sunshine. In "Salty's Lighthouse" she was callad R.M.S. Martania(a reference to RMS Mauretania (1906)).
The Vienna is based on the RMS Aquitania and RMS Mauretania (1906) but with German style funnels. The Vienna has a similar Cruise Ship livery to what the RMS Mauretania (1906) carried from the Great Depression to her 1942 fate of scrapping in Scotland. She has a top-heavy appearance much like the Aquitania and her staggered pairs of funnels look similar to the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse.
There is talk of a ship built by the John Brown & Company in Scotland in the year 1929 also called Vienna and only one image of her has survived to the present day; it is noticeably different in shape.
The model used for S.S. Vienna was later reused for "Thomas and Friends", which can be seen at Brendam Docks. It is renamed "S.S. Roxstar" in a Season 10 episode - "Seeing the Sights".
However she shows off the Inman Line livery.
Vienna was given her name solely to create an excuse for the characters to say "Goodnight, Vienna" at the end of "Bigg Freeze" - in a further in-joke, "Goodnight Vienna" was the fourth solo album of "Thomas" storyteller Ringo Starr.
Tramp Steamers.
Johnny Cuba.
Johnny Cuba is a notorious and violent tramp steamer gangster. His strong accent and dialect indicate that he is from Australia. He made his first appearance in Sunshine and his main appearance in High Winds. He is voiced by Sean Barrett.
Cuba had arrived at Bigg City Port to make plans with fellow criminal friends during a period of strong and troublesome tempest weather. He threatened Zebedee and manipulated him into helping him into the port.
Cuba sent Zebedee on an errand to steal a barge of coal, and threatened to sink him if he landed either of them in trouble. Due to a feud between Cuba and Captain Zero that occurred in the past, Zebedee was placed in an awkward and dangerous situation, until Hercules discovered Cuba's hide-out in an abandoned dock. Zebedee plucked up the courage to trap Cuba and have him arrested, and was forgiven. Despite Cuba's claim that "they can't hold Johnny Cuba!", they did. Johnny Cuba first appeared in High Winds, but his model made five more cameos in Sunshine, Quarantine, Ghosts, Munitions and Regatta. In Regatta it sank in Dender Rocks after colliding with Lillie Lightship. 
In "Salty's Lighthouse", he couldn't have been more different - his name was changed to "Steamer", and he was shy and bashful. He was voiced by Michael Donovan.
He made a second appearance in the annual story "The Lost Barge" where he is still doing crime but no one wants to go near him.
Cuba made a third appearance in the Buzz Book "Nothing to Declare", in which he helps the Navy by trapping a spy submarine and proves himself to have a good streak.
Nantucket.
A dirty old tramper and a notorious villain, whom the Tugs call Dirt Bucket. His only appearance was in "Quarantine", in which he attempted to trick Sunshine into taking him into port by pulling down the yellow "waiting for clearance" flag. After his plan was foiled, he was sentenced by the Coast Guard to a further forty days in quarantine along with Zorran, who had fallen for the trick and pulled alongside him.. He speaks with a Lancastrian accent provided by Sean Barrett.
His hull was later used for Old Rusty. He appeared as the tramper Billy Shopack blew up in Trapped. 
In "Salty's Lighthouse" Nantucket's name constantly changed and sometimes could not even speak (in which a foghorn sound effect was used instead).
Kraka-Toa.
This naval tramp steamer made her first appearance in "Ghosts" and her final appearance in "Munitions". Due to a fuel drum falling onto some explosives after Bluenose hit Zorran's barge, the dock caught fire, thus setting off the explosives and fuel loaded in her at the time. Since she was nearly full, the contents did indeed "rip her apart" as Zorran predicted, and she sank into the bay. She never spoke.
Old Rusty.
Old Rusty is possibly a naval tramp steamer, who made only one brief appearance, at the end of the episode "Warrior", anchored out in the estuary. Warrior dozed off and bumped into him, and told him to look where he was going, but Old Rusty said that he had been anchored there for two years. He obviously had a sense of humour, as he dissolved into laughter after Warrior had left, and exclaimed that "It wouldn't half be boring without him." His voice actor is rumored to be David Mitton. 
He made 2 appearances in "Salty's Lighthouse". First, getting bumped by Warrior and telling him to watch where he's going, and then in a flashback while Warrior, Top Hat and Otis were reminiscing. He is voiced by French Tickner.
Dockside & Floating Cranes.
Big Mickey.
Big Mickey is described as 'the Port's biggest crane', he was once stationed at the steel works quay for loading and unloading operations when the Star and Zero fleets were competing for the steel company contract. He was later transferred to the naval dock for the loading of the naval tramper Kraka-Toa. He has two note-worthy appearances in 'High Tide' and 'Munitions'. Even Zorran said that "nobody tells Big Mickey what to do."
There is some debate as to the fate of Big Mickey. In the television release of 'Munitions', it is stated that Big Mickey had fallen into shallow water and survived. However this narration was deleted in the video release. According to the tugboats' reactions he perished to save them, although this may simply mean he took a big fall for them.
The model used for the Big Mickey character has enjoyed a new lease on life in the series Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends, where it is used in the dockside scenes, although the megaphone has been taken off. In fact, he still appears in the show to this very day, even becoming one of only 2 TUGS characters (the other being the S.S. Vienna) ever made in CGI.
According to sources, Big Mickey is voiced by British actor Timothy Bateson. In Salty's Lighthouse he was called Bigg Basil and he was voiced by American actor French Tickner.
Mighty Moe.
He is Bigg City Port's largest floating crane, well known for his booming voice. He is used for many salvage operations, in which he usually takes charge. Appeared for the first time in Jinxed, in which his hawser jammed whilst lifting Boomer out of the water. He appeared in other episodes like High Tide and Regatta a.k.a. 4 July. He is voiced by Sean Barrett. In "Salty's Lighthouse" he was voiced by Michael Donovan.
Little Ditcher.
Little Ditcher is a small dirty A-frame crane, and is therefore, one of the smaller floating cranes to be found in the port. He is sometimes used dredging up-river at Mittsville or for oyster fishing in the estuary, as well as various other jobs. His size makes him unsuitable for rescue operations. He is good friends with the Star Tugs.
He is voiced by actor Timothy Bateson (See TV.com's Trivia on the episode: "Up River"). He appeared for the first time in Trapped, and has made numerous appearances in various episodes. In Salty's Lighthouse he became a female along with Captain Star and Sunshine, voiced by Lenore Zann.
Scuttle Butt Pete.
Scuttle Butt Pete is a dredger and a notorious gossip - hence his name. He believes in ghosts, and enjoys voicing superstitions and telling old sea stories, particularly when the fog comes around.
Although he can be grumpy, he is a friend to the Star Tugs. However, dredger detail is an unpopular task with the tugs, and is often given out by the Captains as punishment. He speaks with an exaggerated Dublin accent.
He made notable appearances in 'Pirate', 'High Winds' and 'Ghosts', and is voiced by Sean Barrett. In Salty's Lighthouse he was voiced by Michael Donovan.
Jack the Grappler.
Jack the Grappler is a garbage scooper who works at the "Municipal Garbage Corporation" quay for garbage barges, particularly Lord Stinker. He assisted in the organisation of the Municipal Garbage Corporation float for the annual regatta. He only appears three times in the series, first in the episode Munitions as a cameo, once in the episode 'Regatta' (in which he briefly wore an Uncle Sam-style top hat) and once in the episode Bigg Freeze, in which he had a cold. In the series, the narrator refers to him as "Jack the Grapper", possibly indicating a pun on Jack the Ripper (if only in name). He is the only crane with a face. He is voiced by Sean Barrett. In Salty's Lighthouse he became "Scoop" and was voiced by Michael Donovan.
Barges.
Lord Stinker.
Lord Stinker is an aged garbage barge, widely known for carrying a heavy stench, and notably wears a peg on his nose to avoid his own strong odor.
He works mostly with Warrior. He is a quick thinker and saved a train from disaster in "High Tide", which gained him a newfound respect from Top Hat. He has made numerous appearances, notably "High Tide", "Warrior", "Munitions" and "Regatta/4th of July". He is also mentioned briefly in "Bigg Freeze". He is voiced by Timothy Bateson. In "Salty's Lighthouse" he was voiced by Ian James Corlett.
Frank & Eddie.
Frank and Eddie are a pair of twin railway barges (also known as Car floats) who work mostly with Top Hat the railway tug. They are used for the transportation of railway stock across the port. They are very quick-witted and are among the few that can deal with Top Hat's superiority. Both of the twins speak with Cockney accents. Their characters are portrayed by Nigel Anthony (Frank) and Timothy Bateson (Eddie). In Salty's Lighthouse they were both voiced by Ian James Corlett.
Pearl.
Pearl is an oyster barge, she made her only brief appearance in "Warrior", working with Sunshine and Little Ditcher out in the estuary.
Other characters.
The Fultan Ferry.
The Fultan Ferry is a paddle-driven ferry boat used for freighting vehicles and goods across the harbour. It appeared in various episodes, but was finally named in Quarantine, when it was temporarily sunk in the middle of the port after hitting a fire barge towed by O.J.. It was later salvaged by Mighty Moe.
Although he doesn't speak in the original show, he was voiced by Scott McNeil in Salty's Lighthouse, in which he lost a part of his paddle wheel and he sank to the bottom of the sea. He happens to be referred by the name, Fultan, by Grampus. 
Since Tugs ceased production, the Fultan Ferry has had many cameos in Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends, if you look closely, in episodes that feature ports and other sea related sets, you can be sure the Fultan Ferry will be around somewhere and has a Fultan Ferry Sign on it.
The Shrimpers.
The Shrimpers appear in various episodes, they had a note-worthy role in "Ghosts", when a group of four or five were accidentally led into a mud-bank whilst following Warrior back to port, using him as a guide through the fog.
They also were in "Warrior" when Warrior nearly ran into them. They were all voiced by John Baddeley.
Municipal Garbage Corporation.
The owner of the Municipal Garbage Corporation yard. Organises the 'Municipal Garbage Corporation' float for the annual regatta. He appears in a famous scene from Regatta. He is voiced by Timothy Bateson. In "Salty's Lighthouse" he was voiced by French Tickner.
Quarry Master.
The owner of the rock quarry. Appears briefly in Warrior. He is voiced by John Baddeley. In Salty's Lighthouse he was voiced by (?).
The Fuel Depot.
The owner of the Fuel Depot. He appears briefly in Bigg Freeze having to put up with Zorran's impatience. He was voiced by Lee Cornes.
Sally Seaplane.
Sally is a seaplane, friend of the Star Fleet who have the contract to provide her fuel. Sunshine appears to have a slight crush on her. She appears only briefly in a selected number of episodes and spoke only in Sunshine.
Sally's technical definition is a 'Flying Boat' because her main source of buoyancy, like a ship, comes from her hull/fuselage with small floats on each wing to stabilise her, unlike the other form of seaplane - the 'floatplane' which uses a normal aircraft fuselage with large floats slung underneath to support it on water. If we expand on this she can be termed an 'Amphibious Flying Boat' because she has fold-up landing gear on her fuslage, allowing her to land on runways as well as water.
Sally's tail-number is S-ALLY, a fictional sequence that would not be assigned to a real plane - any civil aircraft registered in the United States has a tail-number beginning with the letter 'N'.
Her voice actress is rumored to be Britt Allcroft, but this is unlikely, because at the time, Britt was in America filming Shining Time Station. In "Salty's Lighthouse" she was voiced by Venus Terzo.
Puffa.
Puffa is a steam locomotive who works on the dockside railway at Bigg City Port. Used for a variety of tasks within the port and at the docks up river, he is a trusted friend of the Star Fleet and Warrior in particular. He has two named appearances in Up River and Munitions, and an unnamed cameo in High Tide. Other trains seen around Bigg City have the same whistle-sound and feature similar styling as Puffa. In Munitions, the character was warned by Ten Cents, OJ, Zorran, Zak and Zebedee to escape from a dockside fire. In the episode Up River, he raced down river from the logging camps inland to warn Top Hat, Warrior & OJ that a broken log jam was headed toward them, propelled by an explosion of dynamite, kudos to Billy Shoepack. He is voiced by John Baddeley.
In Salty's Lighthouse he was called Stanley in one episode and Chooch in another and was voiced by Long John Baldry.
Puffa is seemingly based on no particular prototype but has characteristics common to many switcher/shunter locomotives including a short wheelbase and over sized cylinders for his diminutive size - he also features many US features including an American-style whistle, oil-burning headlight, diamond smokestack and a cowcatcher. He, like cranes, speaks through loudhailers. His other features however suggest he was modified from a model locomotive of German outline, which seems likely as the German model makers Marklin supplied components for the model locomotives in TUGS sister show, Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends.
He is voiced by Hideyuki Umezu in the Japanese version, who also provided the voice for Zak
The Goods Engine.
A locomotive other than Puffa appeared in Tugs was a tank engine which made several cameo appearances, most notably in 'High Tide' where it was identified as 'the goods engine'. Like Puffa, its parts were later recycled to serve as props for rusty, old steam engines seen at scrap yards in "Thomas and Friends".
The goods engine superficially resembles an 0-6-0 US Army tank engine, but is actually a model made from 'splicing' together various parts from other locomotives and scratchbuilding a few parts (most notably, the side tanks). The model has many un-American features such as buffers and stovepipe chimney, which were not modified as was Puffa to disguise the Goods Engines as a machine of American pattern. Recent information shows that the goods engine is based on the New York Dock Railway #6 and 7.
The Buoys.
There are several bell buoy's to be found across Bigg City Port, most of them yellow. Notably, one appeared very briefly in Pirate, having been 'silenced' by the pirates in order to make their escape. Also, in the episode Jinxed, a "Wreck" Buoy appeared very briefly, as well as when Ten Cents hoots his whistle to test the Jinx, a nearby marker buoy ("Dem-Dem") sinks. This was the only appearance of these two buoys.

</doc>
<doc id="20130788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130788" title="Archibald Blacklow">
Archibald Blacklow

Archibald Clifford Blacklow OBE (11 October 1879 – 4 April 1965) was an Australian politician. Born in Bagdad, Tasmania, he was educated in Hobart at Hutchins School and then at the University of Sydney. He became a pharmacist in Sydney before serving in the military 1916-1919. Returning to Tasmania in 1925, he became a dairy farmer and pastoralist. In 1931, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the United Australia Party member for Franklin, defeating sitting Labor MP Charles Frost. However, he was defeated by Frost at the next election in 1934. In 1936 he was elected to the Tasmanian Legislative Council for Pembroke, where he remained until 1953 (during which time the United Australia Party became the Liberal Party). Blacklow died in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20130796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130796" title="Hal Ledyard">
Hal Ledyard

Harold "Hal" Ledyard (Born July 7, 1931, in Montgomery, Alabama, died April 21, 1973, in Big Sur, California) was a professional gridiron football player in the National Football League and Canadian Football League.
After backing up future Pro Football Hall of Famer Y.A. Tittle in 1953, Ledyard joined the United States Army, where he played quarterback for the Fort Jackson base football team in 1955. Ledyard joined the Ottawa Rough Riders in 1956 and spent three seasons as the team's starting quarterback before being replaced by Frank Tripucka before the 1959 season. Ledyard signed with the Toronto Argonauts in 1959, but was waived before the season began.
After not being signed during the 1960 football season, Ledyard returned to the CFL in 1961 with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, splitting playing time with Dick Thornton and future Canadian Football Hall of Famer Ken Ploen. During his time in Winnipeg, Ledyard was known as "The best relief pitcher in football" due to his success relieving Ploen. He was a part of the Blue Bomber teams that won the 49th and 50th Grey Cups.
Hal Ledyard is the father of retired professional hockey player Grant Ledyard.
Ledyard died April 21, 1973 in a drowning accident at Big Sur.

</doc>
<doc id="20130800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130800" title="M protein (Streptococcus)">
M protein (Streptococcus)

M protein is a virulence factor that can be produced by certain species of "Streptococcus". 
Viruses, parasites and bacteria are covered in protein and sugar molecules that help them gain entry into a host by counteracting the host's defences. One such molecule is the M protein produced by certain streptococcal bacteria. M proteins embody a motif that is now known to be shared by many Gram-positive bacterial surface proteins. The motif includes a conserved pentapeptide LPXTG, which precedes a hydrophobic C-terminal membrane anchor, which itself precedes a cluster of basic residues.
M protein is strongly anti-phagocytic and is a major virulence factor. It binds to serum factor H, destroying C3-convertase and preventing opsonization by C3b. However plasma B cells can generate antibodies against M protein which will help in opsonization and further the destruction of the microorganism by the macrophages and neutrophilis. Cross-reactivity of anti-M protein antibodies with heart muscle is the basis for rheumatic fever.
It was originally identified by Rebecca Lancefield, who also formulated the Lancefield classification system for streptococcal bacteria. Bacteria like "S. pyogenes," which possess M protein are classified in group A of the Lancefield system.

</doc>
<doc id="20130807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130807" title="Bruno, 3rd Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen">
Bruno, 3rd Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen

"Bruno" Casimir Albert Emil Ferdinand of Ysenburg and Büdingen (14 June 1837, Büdingen – 26 January 1906, Büdingen) was the third Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen. Bruno was the eldest son of Ernst Casimir II, 2nd Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen and his wife Countess Thekla of Erbach-Fürstenau.
Political career.
As a nobleman, Bruno was a member of the First Chamber of the Estates of the Grand Duchy of Hesse from 1861 to 1906. Bruno served as its president first between 1878 and 1889, and second between 1889 to 1900.
Marriage and issue.
Bruno married firstly Mathilde of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich, daughter of Ferdinand, Prince of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich and his wife Countess Caroline of Collalto and San Salvatore, on 31 July 1862 in Lich. Bruno and Mathilde had two daughters before Mathilde's death on 11 September 1867:
Bruno married secondly to Countess Bertha of Castell-Rüdenhausen, daughter of Adolf, Hereditary Count of Castell-Rüdenhausen and his wife Baroness Marie of Thüngen, on 30 September 1869 in Rüdenhausen. Bruno and Bertha had eight children:

</doc>
<doc id="20130825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130825" title="Q10 (text editor)">
Q10 (text editor)

Q10 is a freeware text editor created by Baara Estudio. It is very basic, but has a few features that make it attractive to writers. It is very distraction free, consisting only of a fullscreen window, user inputted text, and a few extra features.

</doc>
<doc id="20130844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130844" title="Bill Falkinder">
Bill Falkinder

Charles William Jackson "Bill" Falkinder CBE (29 August 1921 – 11 July 1993) was an Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at Hobart High School and served in the RAF in Pathfinders from 1940-1945 ranking to Wing Commander, flying some 117 missions over occupied Europe receiving the DSO, DFC Bar. In 1946 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Franklin, narrowly defeating Labor minister Charles Frost with a 10% swing. He held the seat until his retirement in 1966.Awarded CBE for service. Bill Falkinder died in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20130863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130863" title="Universal Eclectic Wicca">
Universal Eclectic Wicca

Universal Eclectic Wicca (UEW) is one of a number of distinctly American Wiccan traditions which developed following the introduction of Gardnerian and Alexandrian Wicca to the United States in the early 1960s. Its corporate body is the Church of Universal Eclectic Wicca (CUEW) which is incorporated and based in Great Falls, Virginia. 
It is particularly noted for its early Internet teaching coven - the Coven of the Far Flung Net (CFFN), and for its inclusive approach to solitary as well as coven based practitioners.
History.
Silver Chalice Wica.
What was to become UEW began, in 1969, as the core coven associated with the Silver Chalice Land Trust; an Intentional community based in Westchester NY.
Silver Chalice had a diverse membership drawing from both Dianic and British Traditional Wiccan backgrounds. It was partly as a response to this diversity, as well as a perceived need for reform in Wicca, that their High Priestess, Jayne Tomas, began to create a body of liturgy for Silver Chalice Wica as a distinct tradition.
A defining text is the "Ordains of Silver Chalice", which may be seen as an attempt to refer to, and move away from, the "Old Laws" of Gardnerian Wicca. Together with the "Fifteen Creeds of Silver Chalice Wicca" (1969) they emphasised modernism; democratic principles; historical, intellectual and personal integrity; race and gender equality; self-determination; and engagement with society.
Change of Name to UEW.
By 1986 the land held by the Silver Chalice Land Trust was sold, and all the covens that originated with Silver Chalice were referred to as Universal Eclectic Wicca. 
'Universal' because "Wicca is universal because it can be used by all, and anything can be used in Wicca"; and 'Eclectic' because "UEW is based not on one or two sources, but an infinite number of sources".
On-line Teaching Covens.
In 1997 UEW chartered the Coven of the Far Flung Net (CFFN), which began operating in January of the following year; and which it maintains was the first on-line teaching coven.
UEW has two other on-line teaching groups, the Coven of Non-Fluffy Wicca (2006), which is aimed at more advanced students with some prior knowledge of Wicca; and Vircle, which is for Third Circle Studies.
Schisms.
In 2004, following a re-organisation of CFFN which abolished its then clan structure, one of the dissolved clans, Athames's Edge, re-established itself to form an independent Progressive Eclectic Wicca tradition.
Later, in 2008, the first Australian UEW coven, Oak and Mistletoe, split away to establish the Inclusive Wicca tradition.
Core Beliefs.
UEW allows for diverse interpretations of Wiccan practice and belief; provided that a core set of ethical values are observed. These are commonly referred to as the "Five Points of Wiccan Belief" and the "Affirmation of Acknowledgement".
Five Points of Wiccan Belief.
The 'Five Points' are:
"The Wiccan Rede"; "The Law of Return"; "The Ethic of Self-Responsibility"; "The Ethic of Constant Improvement"; and "The Ethic of Attunement".
Affirmation of Acknowledgement.
In addition to the 'Five Points', UEW requires its members to assent to the "Affirmation of Acknowledgement", which is intended to inform behaviour towards, and interaction with, those of other faiths. It states that:
Organization.
Types of Membership.
There are five types of membership recognised in UEW:
Triad.
The executive body of CUEW is the three-person Triad. The Triad is solely responsible for extending or withholding membership of CUEW to both individuals and groups. Each member of the Triad is responsible for the selection and training of their successor.
Council of Elders.
The Triad is advised and assisted by a Council of Elders. Any Third Circle member may nominate themselves for membership of the Council of Elders. The Council of Elders annually elects one of their number as Chief Elder.
Association of Universal Eclectic Wicca Clergy.
The Association of Universal Eclectic Wicca Clergy (AUEWC), is responsible for the ratification of Ordained Clergy. CUEW covens with eight or more .

</doc>
<doc id="20130867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130867" title="It's Alec Templeton Time">
It's Alec Templeton Time

"It's Alec Templeton Time" was an early American television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network. The series ran during the summer of 1955. It was a musical program hosted by blind satirist and musician Alec Templeton. The program, produced and distributed by DuMont, aired on Friday nights on most DuMont affiliates. 
"It's Alec Templeton Time" has the distinction of being one of the last programs to air on the dying DuMont Television Network, along with "Have a Heart" (ended June 14, 1955), "What's the Story" (ended September 23, 1955) and "Boxing From St. Nicholas Arena" (ended August 6, 1956). The struggling network was already beginning to shut down network operations before "It's Alec Templeton Time" even aired its first episode, and Paramount Pictures would take control of DuMont during the summer; as a result, the series' run was brief, and did not last past the summer months. 

</doc>
<doc id="20130871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130871" title="J. Greg Hanson">
J. Greg Hanson

J. Greg Hanson is an American software engineer. He previously served as the first Assistant Sergeant at Arms and Chief Information Officer of the United States Senate from June 2003 to January 2008 under Senate Majority Leaders Bill Frist and Harry Reid.
He is now General Manager for NCI Information Systems' Enterprise Solutions Sector. NCI, a publicly traded company (NASDAQ: NCIT, Russell 2000 Index, S&P Small Cap 600) is a leading provider of high-end IT, engineering, logistics, and professional services and solutions to the Federal Government. Hanson is also an Adjunct Full Professor, teaching graduate information technology courses for the University of Maryland University College (UMUC).
Career.
Hanson earned a Bachelor of Science from the United States Air Force Academy, Master of Science in information systems from the Air Force Institute of Technology, and PhD in computer science from the University of Central Florida.
Hanson's initial career was in the United States Air Force, where he retired in 1997 as Chief Software Engineer at USAF Headquarters. There he developed global software policies and led the agency's $345 million Y2K program. He served as Chief Scientist at NATO's Central Region Headquarters, where he managed a $200 million command and control project, directed a four-contractor international consortium, and built NATO's largest local area network. Hanson served as CIO, Under Secretary Defense (Acquisition) for four years. In this position he led a technology development and support division and managed $110 million in contracts and resources.
After retiring from the Air Force, Hanson became chief technology officer at Telos Corporation, where he developed an information assurance spin-off called Xacta, where he was the company's first CTO. He then served as CTO for Universal Systems & Technology (UNITECH), a northern Virginia technology firm. 
He then served as the first Chief Information Officer for the United States Senate where he was responsible for planning and operations of a 500-person organization and a $150M budget supporting the Senate.
After serving as the Senate's first CIO, Hanson became Chief Operations Officer (COO) for Criterion Systems, Inc., an IT Solutions and Services company in Virginia, where, as a Direct report to CEO, he had P&L responsibility for one of the fastest growing high technology corporations in the United States. As Chief Operating Officer (COO) Dr. Hanson led three lines of business supporting the United States Department of Defense, Federal Civilian Agencies, and the Intelligence Community (IC). He also served as Chief Technology Officer (CTO) for Criterion's High Performance Computing business. 
Awards.
2006 University of Central Florida Distinguished Alumnus Award, two Federal Computer Week Fed100 Awards (2006 & 2009), AFFIRM’s Award for Leadership in Service Excellence and Management, and AFCEA’s Gold Medal for Engineering and Excellence in Information Technology awards. He has been an active member of the Air Traffic Control Association (ATCA), Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA), Greater Washington Board of Trade, and Northern Virginia Technology Council. 
He also has numerous publications in computer science, industrial engineering, database systems, and information technology and business applications of information technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20130878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130878" title="Christina Bauer">
Christina Bauer

Christina Bauer (born January 1, 1988) is a French volleyball player of Fenerbahçe from Turkey. She represented the France national team at the 2007 Women’s European Volleyball Championship. She was born in Bergen, Norway during a Christmas holiday to a French father, Jean-Luc Bauer, a professional volleyball player, and a Norwegian mother, Tone Bauer, a handball player who played several years in France. She speaks French, Norwegian, English and is learning Italian after being called to play for Yamamay Busto Arsizio.

</doc>
<doc id="20130885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130885" title="The Construction Manager">
The Construction Manager

The Construction Manager is construction management software intended primarily for large civil engineering and transportation projects. Via written and photographic logs and voice and video documentation, the application tracks the day-to-day field construction activities such as mechanical work, pouring concrete, painting and coating, steel construction and welding, soil and asphalt placement, plumbing, HVAC and electrical. It helps insure that each activity is tested and certified for compliance prior to issuing payment. The application also provides a complete set of built-in project specifications and blueprints that can be searched and annotated as the project progresses.

</doc>
<doc id="20130895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130895" title="Thomas Pearsall">
Thomas Pearsall

Thomas Gordon Pearsall (11 April 1920 – 28 December 2003) was an Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a dairy farmer at Kingston. He served in the military 1940 -1945 (TX6060 Lt 2/29 Infantry Battalion. POW Malaya and Thai-Burma Railway and served on Kingsborough Council. In 1950, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as a Liberal member for Franklin. In 1966, he transferred to national politics, winning the federal House of Representatives seat of Franklin after the retirement of Bill Falkinder. He was defeated in 1969 by Labor candidate Ray Sherry, and returned to farming. Pearsall died in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20130904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130904" title="Café Hillel">
Café Hillel

Café Hillel (Hebrew: קפה הלל) is a cafe, espresso bar, and sandwich bar chain in Israel.
History.
In 1998, Koby and Yossi Sherf opened the first branch of Café Hillel on Jerusalem's Hillel Street, the source of the chain's name. They envisioned a coffee shop with a relaxed "Jerusalemite" atmosphere serving world-class coffee and food.
Most of the branches are run by franchises, with only two or three owned directly by the company.
In 2003, seven people were killed and over 50 wounded in the Café Hillel bombing, a suicide attack at the Jerusalem branch of the cafe. Dr. David Applebaum, an emergency room doctor who had treated numerous suicide attack victims himself, was killed along with his 20-year-old daughter Nava Applebaum, who was to be married the next day.
The chain now has over 25 branches around the country. Cafe Hillel sells it own private label coffee and has a red and black color scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20130906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130906" title="Risshton Ki Dor">
Risshton Ki Dor

Risshton Ki Dor is a Hindi language soap opera that premiered on Sony TV channel based on the concept of human spirit and its emotions. The series premiered on May 15, 2006, and aired every Monday to Thursday at 1:30pm (UTC). The series is produced by Adhikari Brothers Limited and executive producer Tanveer Alam.
Plot.
The story is about the oldest brother Suhas of Abhayankar family who struggles to keep his family united after the 'supposed' death of their parents. He promises his parents to take care of his 3 younger sisters. Tejaswini, the middle sister and the protagonist, is a young nurse who is studying medicine and who will see her dreams shatter when she falls in love with Rahul Raichand, a successful engineer. In spite of belonging to completely different worlds, circumstances bring them together. And once they meet, their lives will forever be entwined. Tejaswini will see herself having to pick between the love and gratitude she feels for her only brother and the passionate love she feels for her boyfriend, Rahul Raichand. Now she is torn between the love of her life and the love for her brother; she reaches the crossroads of life where she has to make a choice.

</doc>
<doc id="20130908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130908" title="David Porcelijn">
David Porcelijn

David Porcelijn (born 7 January 1947 in Achtkarspelen) is a Dutch composer and conductor. 
David Porcelijn studied flute, composition and conducting at the Royal Conservatoire of Music in The Hague. He also studied the baroque flute, specialising in authentic performance practice of the baroque and classical periods, which has informed his interpretations as a conductor in that repertoire ever since. He won a scholarship to study conducting and composition in Geneva. He has appeared with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, London Sinfonietta, the BBC Symphony Orchestra, the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, SWR Sinfonieorchester Baden Baden und Freiburg, Orquesta Filharmónica de Gran Canaria, NDR Radiophilharmonie Hannover and Polish National Radio Symphony Orchestra, amongst many others. In 2004 he made his debut with the Philharmonia Orchestra in their series “Music of Today”, and also took the orchestra on tour.
As well as conducting the core repertoire, he also has an interest in new music. With musical director Ton Hartsuiker, he founded Ensemble M (1974–1978) for the performance of modern music. In 2003 he took the Nieuw Ensemble of Amsterdam to the Edinburgh International Festival for three concerts. 
His work now sees him conducting in three continents with major cultural organisations like Opera Australia, the Prague Spring Festival and the Orquesta Filharmónica de la Cuidad de México. He has held positions as Chief Conductor and Artistic Director of the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra (including a tour of China), Chief Conductor and Artistic Director of the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra (including tours of North and South America), Chief Conductor and Artistic Director of the RTB Symphony Orchestra in Belgrade, Music Director and Conductor of the Nederlands Dans Theater and he has also been a regular guest conductor of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra. 
From 2010 he will be chief conductor of the South Jutland Symphony Orchestra (Sønderjyllands Symfoniorkester) in Denmark.
In 1992 he was awarded the prize as Best Opera Conductor at the Munich Biennial for a production with Netherlands Opera. In 1994 he made his British operatic debut conducting Verdi's "Oberto" at Opera North. He made his Australian opera debut in 1991 conducting "Rigoletto" for the State Opera of South Australia, where he has since conducted "Macbeth", "La traviata" and John Adams' "Nixon in China" and, with Opera Queensland, "Madama Butterfly". His work for Opera Australia at the Sydney Opera House has included "Lucia di Lammermoor", "Rigoletto", "The Tales of Hoffmann" and "The Barber of Seville" and, in co-operation with Opera Australia, he also conducted a semi-staged version of Rossini's "La Cenerentola" in Tasmania.
David Porcelijn's recordings artist include the symphonies of Christian Sinding with the Radio-Philharmonie Hannover des NDR. For ABC Classics in Australia is his complete cycle of Beethoven symphonies with the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra, Olivier Messiaen's "Éclairs sur l'au-delà…" with the Sydney Symphony (which won the 1994 Award for ABC Classic FM Australian Recording of the Year) and other records with the Adelaide and Tasmanian symphony orchestras that have included CDs of music by the Australian composers Richard Meale, Peter Sculthorpe (whose "Sun Music" I-IV won the 1997 ARIA award for Best Australian Classical Recording), Nigel Westlake and Mathew Hindson. Other CDs for ABC Classics include music by Kurt Schwertsik, Schubert lieder (orchestrated by Brahms, Reger, Offenbach and Liszt), overtures by Daniel Auber, the first in a series of showpieces for piano and orchestra with Ian Munro as soloist, and harp concertos played by Alice Giles. For EMERGO he has recorded music by the Dutch composers Tristan Keuris (with the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra and Chorus) and Hans Kox. For cpo, he recently started a project to record all the symphonic works of the Dutch composers Julius Röntgen, Henk Badings and Jan van Gilse. This project will be in co-operation with various German, Swedish and Dutch orchestras. With the Janáček Philharmonic Orchestra in the Czech Republic, he will record the music of Jeff Hamburg, Isidora Zebeljan, Jacqueline Fontyn, and Martin Smolka for Future Classics and Cybelle Records.
David Porcelijn has been professor in conducting at the Utrecht-Amsterdam and at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music.
Porcelijn's music is published by Donemus.

</doc>
<doc id="20130929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130929" title="Hilda Hills">
Hilda Hills

Hilda Hills (18 July 1913 — March 2003) was an Australian cricketer. She was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. She was born in Northcote, a northern suburb of Melbourne.
Hills made a single Test appearance for Australia, in the first Women's test match in 1934. Batting in the middle order, Hills retired hurt from the first innings of the game, having broken her nose, therefore not making an appearance in the second innings of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20130936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130936" title="Fetus">
Fetus

A fetus , also spelled foetus (or archaically faetus), is a developing mammal or other viviparous vertebrate after the embryonic stage and before birth. It is also defined as the unborn young of a vertebrate, after developing to its basic form.
In humans, the fetal stage of prenatal development may be defined as beginning at the 11th week in gestational age, which is the 9th week after fertilization. In biological terms, however, prenatal development is a continuum, with no clear defining feature distinguishing an embryo from a fetus. The use of the term "fetus" generally implies that a mammalian embryo has developed to the point of being recognizable as belonging to its own species, and this is usually taken to be the 9th week after fertilization. A fetus is also characterized by the presence of all the major body organs, though they will not yet be fully developed and functional, and may not all be situated in their final anatomical location.
Etymology.
The word "fetus" (plural "fetuses") is from the Latin "fētus" (“offspring”, “bringing forth”, “hatching of young”).
"foetus" is the British, Irish and Commonwealth spelling, which has been in use since at least 1594. It arose as a hypercorrection based on an incorrect etymology (i.e. due to insufficient knowledge of Latin) that may have originated with an error by Isidore of Seville, in AD 620. This spelling is the most common in most Commonwealth nations, except in the medical literature, where "fetus" is used. The etymologically accurate original spelling, "fetus", is used in Canada and the United States. In addition, "fetus" is now the standard English spelling throughout the world in medical journals. The spelling "faetus" was used historically.
Development.
Weeks 9 to 16.
In humans, the fetal stage commences at the beginning of the ninth week. At the start of the fetal stage, the fetus is typically about in length from crown to rump, and weighs about 8 grams. The head makes up nearly half of the fetus' size. Breathing-like movement of the fetus is necessary for stimulation of lung development, rather than for obtaining oxygen. The heart, hands, feet, brain and other organs are present, but are only at the beginning of development and have minimal operation.
At this point in development, uncontrolled movements and twitches occur as muscles, the brain, and pathways begin to develop.
Weeks 17 to 25.
A woman pregnant for the first time (primiparous), typically feels fetal movements at about 21 weeks, whereas a woman who has given birth at least twice (multiparous), will typically feel movements by 20 weeks. By the end of the fifth month, the fetus is about 20 cm (8 inches) long.
Variation in growth.
There is much variation in the growth of the human fetus. When fetal size is less than expected, that condition is known as intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) also called fetal growth restriction (FGR); factors affecting fetal growth can be "maternal", "placental", or "fetal".
Maternal factors include maternal weight, body mass index, nutritional state, emotional stress, toxin exposure (including tobacco, alcohol, heroin, and other drugs which can also harm the fetus in other ways), and uterine blood flow.
Placental factors include size, microstructure (densities and architecture), umbilical blood flow, transporters and binding proteins, nutrient utilization and nutrient production.
Fetal factors include the fetus genome, nutrient production, and hormone output. Also, female fetuses tend to weigh less than males, at full term.
Fetal growth is often classified as follows: small for gestational age (SGA), appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and large for gestational age (LGA). SGA can result in low birth weight, although premature birth can also result in low birth weight. Low birth weight increases risk for perinatal mortality (death shortly after birth), asphyxia, hypothermia, polycythemia, hypocalcemia, immune dysfunction, neurologic abnormalities, and other long-term health problems. SGA may be associated with growth delay, or it may instead be associated with absolute stunting of growth.
Viability.
Viability refers to a point in fetal development at which the fetus may survive outside the womb. The lower limit of viability is approximately five months gestational age, and usually later.
There is no sharp limit of development, age, or weight at which a fetus automatically becomes viable. According to data years 2003-2005, 20 to 35 percent of babies born at 23 weeks of gestation survive, while 50 to 70 percent of babies born at 24 to 25 weeks, and more than 90 percent born at 26 to 27 weeks, survive. It is rare for a baby weighing less than 500 gm to survive.
When such premature babies are born, the main causes of perinatal mortality are that the respiratory system and the central nervous system are not completely differentiated. If given expert postnatal care, some fetuses weighing less than 500 gm may survive, and are referred to as "extremely low birth weight" or "immature infants". Preterm birth is the most common cause of perinatal mortality, causing almost 30 percent of neonatal deaths.
Fetal pain.
Fetal pain, its existence, and its implications are debated politically and academically. According to the conclusions of a review published in 2005, "Evidence regarding the capacity for fetal pain is limited but indicates that fetal perception of pain is unlikely before the third trimester." However, developmental neurobiologists argue that the establishment of thalamocortical connections (at about 26 weeks), is an essential event with regard to fetal perception of pain. Nevertheless, the perception of pain involves sensory, emotional and cognitive factors, and it is "impossible to know" when pain is experienced, even if it is known when thalamocortical connections are established. Some authors, however, argue that fetal pain is possible from the second half of pregnancy: “The available scientific evidence makes it possible, even probable, that fetal pain perception occurs well before late gestation” wrote KJS Anand in the journal of the IASP. 
Whether a fetus has the ability to feel pain and to suffer is part of the abortion debate. For example, in the USA legislation has been proposed by pro-life advocates that abortion providers should be required to tell a woman that the fetus may feel pain during the abortion procedure, and require her to accept or decline anesthesia for the fetus.
Circulatory system.
The heart and blood vessels which form the circulatory system, form relatively early during embryonic development, but continue to grow and develop in complexity in the growing fetus. A functional circulatory system is a biological necessity, since mammalian tissues can not grow more than a few cell layers thick without an active blood supply. The prenatal circulation of blood is different than the postnatal circulation, mainly because the lungs are not in use. The fetus obtains oxygen and nutrients from the mother through the placenta and the umbilical cord.
Blood from the placenta is carried to the fetus by the umbilical vein. About half of this enters the fetal "ductus venosus" and is carried to the inferior vena cava, while the other half enters the liver proper from the inferior border of the liver. The branch of the umbilical vein that supplies the right lobe of the liver first joins with the portal vein. The blood then moves to the right atrium of the heart. In the fetus, there is an opening between the right and left atrium (the "foramen ovale"), and most of the blood flows from the right into the left atrium, thus bypassing pulmonary circulation. The majority of blood flow is into the left ventricle from where it is pumped through the aorta into the body. Some of the blood moves from the aorta through the internal iliac arteries to the umbilical arteries, and re-enters the placenta, where carbon dioxide and other waste products from the fetus are taken up and enter the woman's circulation.
Some of the blood from the right atrium does not enter the left atrium, but enters the right ventricle and is pumped into the pulmonary artery. In the fetus, there is a special connection between the pulmonary artery and the aorta, called the "ductus arteriosus", which directs most of this blood away from the lungs (which aren't being used for respiration at this point as the fetus is suspended in amniotic fluid).
Postnatal development.
With the first breath after birth, the system changes suddenly. The pulmonary resistance is dramatically reduced ("pulmo" is from the Latin for "lung"). More blood moves from the right atrium to the right ventricle and into the pulmonary arteries, and less flows through the "foramen ovale" to the left atrium. The blood from the lungs travels through the pulmonary veins to the left atrium, increasing the pressure there. The decreased right atrial pressure and the increased left atrial pressure pushes the "septum primum" against the "septum secundum", closing the "foramen ovale", which now becomes the "fossa ovalis". This completes the separation of the circulatory system into two halves, the left and the right.
The "ductus arteriosus" normally closes off within one or two days of birth, leaving behind the ligamentum arteriosum. The umbilical vein and the ductus venosus closes off within two to five days after birth, leaving behind the "ligamentum teres" and the "ligamentum venosus" of the liver respectively.
Differences between fetal and postnatal.
Remnants of the fetal circulation can be found in the adult.
In addition to differences in circulation, the developing fetus also employs a different type of oxygen transport molecule in its hemoglobin, from that when it is born and breathing its own oxygen. Fetal hemoglobin enhances the fetus' ability to draw oxygen from the placenta. Its dissociation curve to oxygen is shifted to the left, meaning that it will take up oxygen at a lower concentration than adult hemoglobin will. This enables fetal hemoglobin to absorb oxygen from adult hemoglobin in the placenta, which has a lower pressure of oxygen than at the lungs. In the human infant, until about six months old, the hemoglobin molecule is made up of 2 alpha and 2 gamma chains (2α2γ). The gamma chains are gradually replaced by beta chains until the molecule becomes that of hemoglobin A with its two chains of alpha and two chains of beta (2α2β).
Immune system.
The placenta functions as a maternal-fetal barrier against the transmission of microbes, and when this is insufficient, mother-to-child transmission of infectious diseases can occur.
Also, maternal IgG antibodies cross the placenta, giving the fetus passive immunity against those diseases for which the mother has antibodies. This transfer of antibodies in humans begins as early as the 20th week of gestational age, and certainly by the 24th week.
Human developmental problems.
A developing fetus is highly susceptible to anomalies in its growth and metabolism, increasing the risk of birth defects. One area of concern is the pregnant woman's lifestyle choices made during pregnancy. Diet is especially important in the early stages of development. Studies show that supplementation of the woman's diet with folic acid reduces the risk of spina bifida and other neural tube defects. Another dietary concern is whether breakfast is eaten. Skipping breakfast could lead to extended periods of lower than normal nutrients in the woman's blood, leading to a higher risk of prematurity, or other birth defects in the fetus. During this time alcohol consumption may increase the risk of the development of fetal alcohol syndrome, a condition leading to mental retardation in some infants.
Smoking during pregnancy may also lead to reduced birth weight. Low birth weight is defined as 2500 grams (5.5 lb). Low birth weight is a concern for medical providers due to the tendency of these infants, described as "premature" by weight, to have a higher risk of secondary medical problems. Some research shows that fetal ultrasounds (including Doppler, 3D/4D ultrasound, and 2D ultrasound) can have negative effect on birth weight and neurodevelopment.
Congenital anomalies are acquired before birth. Infants with certain congenital anomalies of the heart can survive only as long as the ductus remains open: in such cases the closure of the ductus can be delayed by the administration of prostaglandins to permit sufficient time for the surgical correction of the anomalies. Conversely, in cases of patent ductus arteriosus, where the ductus does not properly close, drugs that inhibit prostaglandin synthesis can be used to encourage its closure, so that surgery can be avoided.
Legal issues.
Abortion of a human pregnancy is legal and/or tolerated due to facets of the physician-patient relationship in many countries such as Australia, India, Canada, most European countries, and the United States. Many of those countries that allow abortion during the fetal stage have gestational time limits, so that late-term abortions are not normally allowed.

</doc>
<doc id="20130941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130941" title="Ray Sherry">
Ray Sherry

Raymond Henry "Ray" Sherry (3 October 1924 – 13 June 1989) was an Australian politician. Born in Sydney, he was educated there at state schools. He spent 1941-1946 with the merchant navy before becoming an actor, television broadcaster and commentator, moving to Hobart in 1956. In 1969, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Franklin, defeating Liberal MP Thomas Pearsall. He held the seat until his defeat by Liberal candidate Bruce Goodluck in 1975. In 1976 he entered the Tasmanian House of Assembly for Franklin, holding the seat until 1979. Sherry died in 1989. His son, Nick Sherry, has been a Senator from Tasmania since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20130944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130944" title="Absher, Kentucky">
Absher, Kentucky

Absher is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 906 feet (276 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20130955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130955" title="Acayucan">
Acayucan

Acayucan is a city in the Mexican state of Veracruz, located in the state's southeast, in the Olmeca region. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name.
At the 2005 INEGI Census, Acayucan reported a population of 49,945. 

</doc>
<doc id="20130964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130964" title="Walter G. Spohn">
Walter G. Spohn

Walter G. Spohn (June 5, 1914 - January 24, 2003) was the founder of the American Anaplastology Association, and coined the phrase anaplastology. In 2008, the American Anaplastology Association became the International Anaplastology Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20130970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130970" title="Barnett Springs, Kentucky">
Barnett Springs, Kentucky

Barnett Springs is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 791 feet (241 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20130977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130977" title="Bliss, Kentucky">
Bliss, Kentucky

Bliss is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 696 feet (212 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20130986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130986" title="Del Valle High School (El Paso, Texas)">
Del Valle High School (El Paso, Texas)

Del Valle High is a public high school located on the southeast side of El Paso, Texas. DV, as it is commonly called, is part of the Ysleta Independent School District, serving about 2,000 students in grades 9 to 12. Its feeder schools are Valley View Middle School and a quarter percent of Camino Real Middle School. Mrs. Carmen Crosse took over as Principal at Del Valle High School at the beginning of the 2010-2011 school year. As of 2011, Del Valle is considered an "recognized school" by the TEA association.
Del Valle is in the UIL 4A and have had much success in their athletic programs, most of their success coming from their boys soccer program. As of 2008, they have won two Texas State Championships, although soccer has been successful in recent years, other sports such as baseball & softball are in the playoffs year after year. Football is another program that also goes to the playoffs every season under Coach Jesse Perales and is a powerhouse in the 2-4A district. Coach Valerie Salazar-Hairston was honored by "The El Paso Times" as the Girls All City Track and Field Coach of the Year [9/2010]. Coach Salazar-Hairston led the Conquistadores to their first District Championship and swept the District with all three teams (Freshman, JV and Varsity).
Del Valle also has an award winning marching band that has made it to the UIL Texas State Marching Contest 3 times: 2003, 2005, and most recently 2009. The band is also considered one of El Paso's strong powerhouse. The program has been successful in the NMSU Tournament of Bands, in Las Cruces, NM. The program has also attended the BOA Regionals and Super Regionals in El Paso and San Antonio, Texas. For more info please visit: http://www.delvalleband.org
The school opened in August 1987 and is recently celebrating its twenty years. Located very close to the Mexican border, the population of Del Valle is mostly Hispanic. DV graduated its first class in June 1990.
During 2006-2008, Del Valle High School had new additions built on to it: New Roofing, new Tennis Courts, a new Track around the football field, a three story state of the art science wing, a band and musical arts wing and a modern field house to accommodate the growing, successful athletics programs.
Conquest Journal is a Video Technology Program to keep students informed about whats going on at their school. The program is very successful and popular amongst the students/faculty. CJ website: http://web.me.com/conquestjournal/Site/Home.html
DVHS also offers Multinational/Multimedia Business Magnet School within its campus. This Magnet program offers informative information for students that want to pursue a career with business and marketing. Some topics covered in this group are entrepreneurship, finance, marketing and business information tech.

</doc>
<doc id="20130987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130987" title="Breeding, Kentucky">
Breeding, Kentucky

Breeding is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 1001 feet (305 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20130988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130988" title="Bruce Goodluck">
Bruce Goodluck

Bruce John Goodluck AM (born 14 May 1933) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was a company director before serving on Clarence Municipal Council from 1972-1975. He was President of the Australian Automobile Chamber of Commerce in 1974. In 1975, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Franklin, defeating Labor MP Ray Sherry. He held the seat until his retirement in 1993. In 1996 he returned to politics as an independent member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly for the state seat of Franklin; he retired in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20130991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130991" title="Yale Mountaineering Club">
Yale Mountaineering Club

The Yale Mountaineering Club, known from 2001-2008 as the Yale Climbing Club, is a student organization composed of students at Yale University. Founded in 1934, the Yale Mountaineering Club, along with the Harvard Mountaineering Club, is one of the oldest and most celebrated collegiate mountaineering and outing organizations in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="20130996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130996" title="Cane Valley, Kentucky">
Cane Valley, Kentucky

Cane Valley is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 784 feet (239 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20130998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20130998" title="Casey Creek, Kentucky">
Casey Creek, Kentucky

Casey Creek is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 738 feet (225 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20131004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131004" title="Chance, Kentucky">
Chance, Kentucky

Chance is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 1017 feet (310 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20131010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131010" title="Christine, Kentucky">
Christine, Kentucky

Christine is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 984 feet (300 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20131020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131020" title="Clostridium enterotoxin">
Clostridium enterotoxin

Clostridium enterotoxins are toxins produced by Clostridium species.
Clostridial species are one of the major causes of food poisoning/gastro-intestinal illnesses. They are anaerobic, gram-positive, spore-forming rods that occur naturally in the soil. Among the family are: "Clostridium botulinum", which produces one of the most potent toxins in existence; "Clostridium tetani", causative agent of tetanus; and "Clostridium perfringens", commonly found in wound infections and diarrhoea cases. The use of toxins to damage the host is a method deployed by many bacterial pathogens.
The major virulence factor of C. perfringens is the CPE enterotoxin, which is secreted upon invasion of the host gut, and contributes to food poisoning and other gastrointestinal illnesses. It has a molecular weight of 35.3kDa, and is responsible for the disintegration of tight junctions between endothelial cells in the gut. This mechanism is mediated by host claudin-3 and claudin-4 receptors, situated at the tight junctions
Clostridium enterotoxin is a nine-stranded beta sheet sandwich in shape. It has been determined that it is very similar to other spore-forming bacteria
. The PFAM ID is a clenterotox. The binding site is between beta sheets eight and nine. This allows the human claudin-3,4,6,7,8 and 14 to bind but not 1,2,5, and 10. The way the protein work is it destroys the cell membranes structure of animals by binding to claudin family proteins. These are components of tight junctions of the epithelial cell membrane

</doc>
<doc id="20131024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131024" title="Coburg, Kentucky">
Coburg, Kentucky

Coburg is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 741 feet (226 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20131025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131025" title="The Last Time I Saw Richard">
The Last Time I Saw Richard

The Last Time I Saw Richard is a song by Joni Mitchell from her 1971 album "Blue".
The song could be a reference to Joni Mitchell's first husband Chuck Mitchell and their brief marriage. According to Richard Flynn, as noted in the official Joni Mitchell website [http://jonimitchell.com/research/g_entry.cfm?id=62], biographer Karen O'Brien believes "Joni revisits her brief marriage to Chuck Mitchell in this song. O'Brien even refers to the protagonist of the song as Richard/Chuck. Joni and Chuck (who, unlike Joni, sang "material ranging from simple ballads to Brecht theatre songs," according to Broadside Magazine) lived in Detroit after their marriage in 1965 until their break-up in 1967 when Joni moved to New York City".
The song was covered by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana in 1992 and released on their 1999 "Acústico MTV" album. This recording was certified Diamond by the Associação Brasileira dos Produtores de Discos, with more than 500,000 copies sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20131026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131026" title="Craycraft, Kentucky">
Craycraft, Kentucky

Craycraft is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 948 feet (289 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20131028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131028" title="Crocus, Kentucky">
Crocus, Kentucky

Crocus is an unincorporated community in Adair and Russell counties in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its elevation is 988 feet (301 m).
The community, first established in 1840, possibly received its name from the wild crocuses growing along the nearby creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20131029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131029" title="Invitation">
Invitation

__NOTOC__
Invitation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20131040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131040" title="Cundiff, Kentucky">
Cundiff, Kentucky

Cundiff is an unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 968 feet (295 m).
Previously known as Melson Ridge for a local hill named for the Melson family, Cundiff was likely named for Rester C. Cundiff, postmaster when the post office was opened in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20131074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131074" title="Avner Friedman">
Avner Friedman

Avner Friedman (born November 19, 1932) is Distinguished Professor of Mathematics and Physical Sciences at Ohio State University. His primary field of research is partial differential equations, with interests in stochastic processes, mathematical modeling, free boundary problems, and control theory.
Friedman received his Ph.D. degree in 1956 from the Hebrew University. He was Professor of Mathematics at Northwestern University (1962–1985), a Duncan Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Purdue University (1985–1987), and a Professor of Mathematics (Regents' Professor from 1996) at the University of Minnesota (1987–2001). He was director of the Institute for Mathematics and its Applications from 1987 to 1997. He was the founding Director of the Mathematical Biosciences Institute at Ohio State University, serving as its first director from 2002–2008.
Friedman has been the Chair of the Board of Mathematical Sciences (1994–1997) and the President of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (1993–1994). He has been awarded the Sloan Fellowship (1962–65), the Guggenheim Fellowship (1966–7), the Stampacchia Prize (1982), the National Science Foundation Special Creativity Award (1983–85; 1991–93). He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (since 1987) and a member of the National Academy of Sciences (since 1993). In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
He has been adviser to 27 doctoral students, has published 20 books, and over 400 papers.

</doc>
<doc id="20131078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131078" title="Immanuel Ngatjizeko">
Immanuel Ngatjizeko

Immanuel Ngatjizeko (born 30 May 1952 in Otjohorongo, Erongo Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Ngatjizeko has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 2000 and member of the Cabinet since May 2003. From 2003-2005, Ngatjizeko was the Director General of the National Planning Commission when he replaced Saara Kuugongelwa. In March 2005, the Erongo native was appointed Minister of Trade and Industry. In March 2010, he was appointed the Minister of Labour and Social Welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="20131133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131133" title="Quartic reciprocity">
Quartic reciprocity

Quartic or biquadratic reciprocity is a collection of theorems in elementary and algebraic number theory that state conditions under which the congruence "x"4 ≡ "p" (mod "q") is solvable; the word "reciprocity" comes from the form of some of these theorems, in that they relate the solvability of the congruence "x"4 ≡ "p" (mod "q") to that of "x"4 ≡ "q" (mod "p").
History.
Euler made the first conjectures about biquadratic reciprocity. Gauss published two monographs on biquadratic reciprocity. In the first one (1828) he proved Euler's conjecture about the biquadratic character of 2. In the second one (1832) he stated the biquadratic reciprocity law for the Gaussian integers and proved the supplementary formulas. He said that a third monograph would be forthcoming with the proof of the general theorem, but it never appeared. Jacobi presented proofs in his Königsberg lectures of 1836–37. The first published proofs were by Eisenstein.
Since then a number of other proofs of the classical (Gaussian) version have been found, as well as alternate statements. Lemmermeyer states that there has been an explosion of interest in the rational reciprocity laws since the 1970s.
Integers.
A quartic or biquadratic residue (mod "p") is any number congruent to the fourth power of an integer (mod "p"). If "x"4 ≡ "a" (mod "p") does not have an integer solution, "a" is a quartic or biquadratic nonresidue (mod "p").
As is often the case in number theory, it is easiest to work modulo prime numbers, so in this section all moduli "p", "q", etc., are assumed to positive, odd primes.
Gauss.
The first thing to notice when working within the ring Z of integers is that if the prime number "q" is ≡ 3 (mod 4) then every quadratic residue (mod "q") is also a biquadratic residue (mod "q"). The first supplement of quadratic reciprocity states that −1 is a quadratic nonresidue (mod "q"), so that for any integer "x", one of "x" and −"x" is a quadratic residue and the other one is a nonresidue. Thus, if "r" ≡ "a"2 (mod "q") is a quadratic residue, then if "a" ≡ "b"2 is a residue, "r" ≡ "a"2 ≡ "b"4 (mod "q") is a biquadratic residue, and if "a" is a nonresidue, −"a" is a residue, −"a" ≡ "b"2, and again, "r" ≡ (−"a")2 ≡ "b"4 (mod "q") is a biquadratic residue.
Therefore, the only interesting case is when the modulus "p" ≡ 1 (mod 4).
Gauss proved that if "p" ≡ 1 (mod 4) then the nonzero residue classes (mod "p") can be divided into four sets, each containing ("p"−1)/4 numbers. Let "e" be a quadratic nonresidue. The first set is the quartic residues; the second one is "e" times the numbers in the first set, the third is "e"2 times the numbers in the first set, and the fourth one is "e"3 times the numbers in the first set. Another way to describe this division is to let "g" be a primitive root (mod "p"); then the first set is all the numbers whose indices with respect to this root are ≡ 0 (mod 4), the second set is all those whose indices are ≡ 1 (mod 4), etc. In the vocabulary of group theory, the first set is a subgroup of index 4 (of the multiplicative group Z/pZ×), and the other three are its cosets.
The first set is the biquadratic residues, the third set is the quadratic residues that are not quartic residues, and the second and fourth sets are the quadratic nonresidues. Gauss proved that −1 is a biquadratic residue if "p" ≡ 1 (mod 8) and a quadratic, but not biquadratic, residue, when "p" ≡ 5 (mod 8).
2 is a quadratic residue mod "p" if and only if "p" ≡ ±1 (mod 8). Since "p" is also ≡ 1 (mod 4), this means "p" ≡ 1 (mod 8). Every such prime is the sum of a square and twice a square.
Gauss proved
Let "q" = "a"2 + 2"b"2 ≡ 1 (mod 8) be a prime number. Then <br>
Every prime "p" ≡ 1 (mod 4) is the sum of two squares. If "p" = "a"2 + "b"2 where "a" is odd and "b" is even, Gauss proved that
2 belongs to the first (respectively second, third, or fourth) class defined above if and only if "b" ≡ 0 (resp. 2, 4, or 6) (mod 8). The first case of this is one of Euler's conjectures:
Dirichlet.
For an odd prime number "p" and a quadratic residue "a" (mod "p"), Euler's criterion states that formula_1 so if "p" ≡ 1 (mod 4), formula_2
Define the rational quartic residue symbol for prime "p" ≡ 1 (mod 4) and quadratic residue "a" (mod "p") as formula_3 It is easy to prove that "a" is a biquadratic residue (mod "p") if and only if formula_4
Dirichlet simplified Gauss's proof of the biquadratic character of 2 (his proof only requires quadratic reciprocity for the integers) and put the result in the following form:
Let "p" = "a"2 + "b"2 ≡ 1 (mod 4) be prime, and let "i" ≡ "b"/"a" (mod "p"). Then
In fact, let "p" = "a"2 + "b"2 = "c"2 + 2"d"2 = "e"2 − 2"f"2 ≡ 1 (mod 8) be prime, and assume "a" is odd. Then
Going beyond the character of 2, let the prime "p" = "a"2 + "b"2 where "b" is even, and let "q" be a prime such that formula_8 Quadratic reciprocity says that formula_9 where formula_10 Let σ2 ≡ "p" (mod "q"). Then
The first few examples are:
Euler had conjectured the rules for 2, −3 and 5, but did not prove any of them.
Dirichlet also proved that if "p" ≡ 1 (mod 4) is prime and formula_14 then
This has been extended from 17 to 17, 73, 97, and 193 by Brown and Lehmer.
Burde.
There are a number of equivalent ways of stating Burde's rational biquadratic reciprocity law.
They all assume that "p" = "a"2 + "b"2 and "q" = "c"2 + "d"2 are primes where "b" and "d" are even, and that formula_16
Gosset's version is
Letting "i"2 ≡ −1 (mod "p") and "j"2 ≡ −1 (mod "q"), Frölich's law is
Burde stated his in the form:
Note that
Miscellany.
Let "p" ≡ "q" ≡ 1 (mod 4) be primes and assume formula_21. Then "e"2 = "p f"2 + "q g"2 has non-trivial integer solutions, and
Let "p" ≡ "q" ≡ 1 (mod 4) be primes and assume "p" = "r"2 + "q s"2. Then
Let "p" = 1 + 4"x"2 be prime, let "a" be any odd number that divides "x", and let formula_24 Then "a"* is a biquadratic residue (mod "p").
Let "p" = "a"2 + 4"b"2 = "c"2 + 2"d"2 ≡ 1 (mod 8) be prime. Then all the divisors of "c"4 − "p a"2 are biquadratic residues (mod "p"). The same is true for all the divisors of "d"4 − "p b"2.
Gaussian integers.
Background.
In his second monograph on biquadratic reciprocity Gauss displays some examples and makes conjectures that imply the theorems listed above for the biquadratic character of small primes. He makes some general remarks, and admits there is no obvious general rule at work. He goes on to say
The theorems on biquadratic residues gleam with the greatest simplilcity and genuine beauty only when the field of arithmetic is extended to imaginary numbers, so that without restriction, the numbers of the form "a" + "bi" constitute the object of study ... we call such numbers integral complex numbers. in the original
These numbers are now called the ring of Gaussian integers, denoted by Z["i"]. Note that "i" is a fourth root of 1.
In a footnote he adds
The theory of cubic residues must be based in a similar way on a consideration of numbers of the form "a" + "bh" where "h" is an imaginary root of the equation "h"3 = 1 ... and similarly the theory of residues of higher powers leads to the introduction of other imaginary quantities.
The numbers built up from a cube root of unity are now called the ring of Eisenstein integers. The "other imaginary quantities" needed for the "theory of residues of higher powers" are the rings of integers of the cyclotomic number fields; the Gaussian and Eisenstein integers are the simplest examples of these.
Facts and terminology.
Gauss develops the arithmetic theory of the "integral complex numbers" and shows that it is quite similar to the arithmetic of ordinary integers. This is where the terms unit, associate, norm, and primary were introduced into mathematics.
The units are the numbers that divide 1. They are 1, "i", −1, and −"i". They are similar to 1 and −1 in the ordinary integers, in that they divide every number. The units are the powers of "i".
Given a number λ = "a" + "bi", its conjugate is "a" − "bi" and its associates are the four numbers
The norm of λ = "a" + "bi" is the number Nλ = "a"2 + "b"2. If λ and μ are two Gaussian integers, Nλμ = Nλ Nμ; in other words, the norm is multiplicative. The norm of zero is zero, the norm of any other number is a positive integer. ε is a unit if and only if Nε = 1.
Gauss proves that Z["i"] is a unique factorization domain and shows that the primes fall into three classes:
Thus, inert primes are 3, 7, 11, 19, ... and a factorization of the split primes is
The associates and conjugate of a prime are also primes.
Note that the norm of an inert prime "q" is N"q" = "q"2 ≡ 1 (mod 4); thus the norm of all primes other than 1 + "i" and its associates is ≡ 1 (mod 4).
Gauss calls a number in Z["i"] odd if its norm is an odd integer. Thus all primes except 1 + "i" and its associates are odd. The product of two odd numbers is odd and the conjugate and associates of an odd number are odd.
In order to state the unique factorization theorem, it is necessary to have a way of distinguishing one of the associates of a number. Gauss defines an odd number to be primary if it is ≡ 1 (mod (1 + "i")3). It is straightforward to show that every odd number has exactly one primary associate. An odd number λ = "a" + "bi" is primary if "a" + "b" ≡ "a" − "b" ≡ 1 (mod 4); i.e., "a" ≡ 1 and "b" ≡ 0, or "a" ≡ 3 and "b" ≡ 2 (mod 4). The product of two primary numbers is primary and the conjugate of a primary number is also primary.
The unique factorization theorem for Z["i"] is: if λ ≠ 0, then
where 0 ≤ μ ≤ 3, ν ≥ 0, the π"i"s are primary primes and the α"i"s ≥ 1, and this representation is unique, up to the order of the factors.
The notions of congruence and greatest common divisor are defined the same way in Z["i"] as they are for the ordinary integers Z. Because the units divide all numbers, a congruence (mod λ) is also true modulo any associate of λ, and any associate of a GCD is also a GCD.
Quartic residue character.
Gauss proves the analogue of Fermat's theorem: if α is not divisible by an odd prime π, then
Since Nπ ≡ 1 (mod 4), formula_27 makes sense, and formula_28 for a unique unit "i""k".
This unit is called the quartic or biquadratic residue character of α (mod π) and is denoted by
It has formal properties similar to those of the Legendre symbol.
The biquadratic character can be extended to odd composite numbers in the "denominator" in the same way the Legendre symbol is generalized into the Jacobi symbol. As in that case, if the "denominator" is composite, the symbol can equal one without the conguence being solvable:
Statements of the theorem.
Gauss stated the law of biquadratic reciprocity in this form:
Let π and θ be distinct primary primes of Z["i"]. Then
Just as the quadratic reciprocity law for the Legendre symbol is also true for the Jacobi symbol, the requirement that the numbers be prime is not needed; it suffices that they be odd relatively prime nonunits. Probably the most well-known statement is:
Let π and θ be primary relatively prime nonunits. Then
There are supplementary theorems for the units and the half-even prime 1 + "i".
if π = "a" + "bi" is a primary prime, then
and thus
Also, if π = "a" + "bi" is a primary prime, and "b" ≠ 0 then
Jacobi defined π = "a" + "bi" to be primary if "a" ≡ 1 (mod 4). With this normalization, the law takes the form
Let α = "a" + "bi" and β = "c" + "di" where "a" ≡ "c" ≡ 1 (mod 4) and "b" and "d" are even be relatively prime nonunits. Then
The following version was found in Gauss's unpublished manuscripts.
Let α = "a" + 2"bi" and β = "c" + 2"di" where "a" and "c" are odd be relatively prime nonunits. Then
The law can be stated without using the concept of primary:
If λ is odd, let ε(λ) be the unique unit congruent to λ (mod (1 + "i")3); i.e., ε(λ) = "i""k" ≡ λ (mod 2 + 2"i"), where 0 ≤ "k" ≤ 3. Then for odd and relatively prime α and β, neither one a unit,
For odd λ, let formula_48 Then if λ and μ are relatively prime nonunits, Eisenstein proved
Literature.
The references to the original papers of Euler, Dirichlet, and Eisenstein were copied from the bibliographies in Lemmermeyer and Cox, and were not used in the preparation of this article.
Euler.
This was actually written 1748–1750, but was only published posthumously; It is in Vol V, pp. 182–283 of
Gauss.
The two monographs Gauss published on biquadratic reciprocity have consecutively numbered sections: the first contains §§ 1–23 and the second §§ 24–76. Footnotes referencing these are of the form "Gauss, BQ, § "n"". Footnotes referencing the "Disquisitiones Arithmeticae" are of the form "Gauss, DA, Art. "n"".
These are in Gauss's "Werke", Vol II, pp. 65–92 and 93–148
German translations are in pp. 511–533 and 534–586 of the following, which also has the Disquisitiones Arithmeticae and Gauss's other papers on number theory.
Eisenstein.
These papers are all in Vol I of his "Werke".
Dirichlet.
both of these are in Vol I of his "Werke".
External links.
These two papers by Franz Lemmermeyer contain proofs of Burde's law and related results:

</doc>
<doc id="20131152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131152" title="Camarón de Tejeda (municipality)">
Camarón de Tejeda (municipality)

Camarón de Tejeda is one of the 212 municipalities of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's southeast, in the Las Montañas region. The municipal seat is the city of Camarón de Tejeda. It covers a total of 74.38 km².
At the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a population of 5,660, of whom 2019 lived in the municipal seat. 
The municipality of Camarón de Tejeda is delimited to the east by the Soledad de Doblado, to the south and west by the Paso del Macho, and to the west by Zentla.
Camarón de Tejeda is famous for the Battle of Camarón, fought on 30 April 1863 between the French Foreign Legion and the Mexican Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20131156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131156" title="TheMarker">
TheMarker

TheMarker () is the name of three different Hebrew language offerings from Haaretz Media Group:
History.
TheMarker website opened to the public on May 1, 2000 offering ongoing coverage of the capital markets in Israel and globally, high-tech, advertising and media industries, real estate, labor market, consumer markets, the Israeli legal world, communication, vehicles and transportation. The new site ended the monopoly of Globes on economic sites in Israel.
The founder of TheMarker is Guy Rolnik. He was joined by Eytan Avriel, who still serves as editor of the Internet website, and Ido Pollak who was appointed in 2009 as the Director General of TheMarker. Rolnik, Avriel and Pollack established TheMarker in 1999, when the Haaretz Media Group was the first investor, followed by the U.S. economy website TheStreet.com as a second investor and partner - a collaboration that has developed due to the economic prosperity and the boom in the high-tech sector and the Internet in Israel and abroad. To build the website about 30 journalists were recruited to create a new independent news reporting system, to serve the site exclusively, and to operate independently from the business section of Haaretz, while emphasizing the capabilities of the Internet to provide continuous news updates and the ability of the World Wide Web to supply economic data. Later an English edition of the site was developed and incorporated into TheStreet.
The cooperation between TheMarker and "Haaretz" newspaper began in 2001 and was expanded gradually. In 2003, the two systems merged into a single journalism system, although TheMarker retains an independent editing system: the site has an independent editor (Eytan Avriel), the newspaper has an independent editor (Sami Peretz) as well as the magazine (Mikey Dagan). TheMarker operates in a building close to the "Haaretz" newspaper building in Tel Aviv.
During January 2005 a strategic change was implemented in the nature of cooperation between the economic department of "Haaretz" and TheMarker. In a precedent-setting step in the Israeli press, the online brand "TheMarker" was adopted by the hard-copy (printed) newspaper "Haaretz" - the business section of "Haaretz" was named the "Haaretz TheMarker" and a new redesign in relation to the rest of the paper. Additionally, the cooperation in the area of content between the site and the printed edition was institutionalized and formalized. In the new format, "Haaretz" improved its competitiveness with the more established, older economic newspaper "Globes". The strengthening of the status of TheMarker and the position of Guy Rolnik in "Haaretz" was one of the reasons for Hanoch Marmari departing his position as editor of "Haaretz" after 13 years.
In its first two years TheMarker contained about fifty pages, and in February 2007 the paper was increased to about eighty pages. Another change occurred in the masthead: the caption that appeared under the title of the paper, "The economic and business newspaper of the country", was replaced by the words: "The economic and business newspaper of Israel."
Several reports from TheMarker formed the daily economic page of the freely-distributed paper "Israel Today" in its first year.
In 2007 the social network and blog site TheMarker Café began operating on the TheMarker website.
In early 2008, prior to publication of the "Calcalist", a new economic daily from the Yediot Ahronot media group, TheMarker increased the number of its columns, and also began to be sold as an independent newspaper, separate from "Haaretz".
In a TGI survey comparing the last half of 2009 with the same period in 2008, TheMarker saw its market share fall slightly from 7.8 to 7.6 percent.
Policy.
TheMarker claims to present a strict, rigid ethical policy as part of its editorial policy:
"In order to avoid doubts about the possibility of mixing personal or business considerations in the work of the publication, all employees of TheMarker are strictly prohibited from holding stocks, corporate bonds, options, warrants and other securities, whether they are traded in Tel Aviv or other stock markets. To the best of our knowledge, this is the most serious restriction that exists in the Israeli press, as well as the foreign press."
Sections.
Each issue is divided into sections by topic: news, opinion (by members of the editorial board, notably Guy Rolnik, Meirav Arlosoroff, Sami Peretz and Nehemia Shtrasler, besides contributors), high-tech and telecommunications, real estate and infrastructure, advertising, marketing and media, law, consumer issues, the global economy and capital markets. The Sunday edition of TheMarker has a reduced format. The weekend edition, distributed on Thursday (previously on Friday), appears as a magazine-format supplement called Markerweek.
Claims of copyright infringement.
The "Maariv" newspaper sued "TheMarker" in the amount of 17 million shekels (roughly about US $5 million), for alleged large scale copyright infringement. According to the representatives of "Maariv", for about a year and a half during the years 2001–2002, the "TheMarker" paper systematically and daily copied articles from the business section of "Maariv", without permission and without giving credit to reporters from "Maariv". The alleged number of articles was about 900. "TheMarker" argued that it was a legitimate journalism review, which did not require giving credit, according to the accepted practice at that time. At the request of "Maariv", in March 2010 the Court imposed a temporary order on "TheMarker" to set aside $15 million shekels in reserve (for potential settlement of the "Maariv" lawsuit) due to the breakup proceedings of TheMarker's operating company Business Net (BN). In response, attorneys for BN claimed that the breakup of BN was not related to the main lawsuit by Maariv and was only intended to place a black mark on Haaretz Media Group prior to a future court decision on the main lawsuit, and formally requested that the court cancel the temporary order. The court was scheduled to formally deliberate the BN request on March 25, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20131174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131174" title="John Warner (comics)">
John Warner (comics)

John Warner (born December 3, 1952) is an American comic book writer and editor, known for his stories of horror and the supernatural.
Warner's most prolific period in the comic book field was from 1973–1979. During that time, he wrote many issues of Gold Key Comics' "Dark Shadows", as well as assorted fill-ins for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, and Warren Publishing.
Biography.
From 1975–1978, Warner served as an editor and writer for the black-and-white Marvel imprint Curtis Magazines, where he worked primarily on "Deadly Hands of Kung Fu", but also on "Doc Savage", "Marvel Preview", and "Rampaging Hulk". For the latter series he created the characters Killer Shrike and the Modular Man. Separately, he co-created Ulysses Bloodstone. During his stint as a Marvel/Curtis editor, Warner hired Ralph Macchio, who has since gone on to a long-running career at Marvel.
In addition, Warner wrote most of the run of Marvel's "Son of Satan", and in the late 1970s wrote Gold Key's "Flash Gordon" comic.
Warner lists as his influences Arthur Rackham, N.C. Wyeth, Gerry Anderson, Maxfield Parrish, Chuck Jones, Jay Ward, Ray Bradbury, and Jorge Luis Borges.
Warner is married to the former Beth Bleckley.

</doc>
<doc id="20131183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131183" title="Mark Papermaster">
Mark Papermaster

Mark Papermaster is the Chief Technology Officer at Advanced Micro Devices. He previously was the Senior Vice President of Devices Hardware Engineering at Apple Inc. He replaced Tony Fadell who was responsible for the team that created the iPod. Papermaster worked at IBM from 1982–2008. His last position at IBM was as vice president of IBM's blade server division. In 2008, Papermaster's decision to move from IBM to Apple became central to a court case considering the validity and scope of an employee non-compete clause in the technology industry. In August 2010 he stepped down from his position because of issues with Apple's internal politics and corporate culture.
Career at IBM.
Mark Papermaster worked at IBM for 26 years, beginning in 1982 in Vermont. He moved to Texas in approx 1990 for the rest of his employment with the company. He started designing circuits in the Microelectronics Division. He then moved on to work in microprocessor technology development for 15 years, from 1991 until 2006, with five years spent working specifically on PowerPC, the same architecture Apple adopted for its line of Macintosh computers. During his tenure in microprocessor development, Papermaster earned the knowledge and expertise to become a respected chip designer across the industry and a "top expert" in the field of POWER processing for PCs. IBM promoted him to Vice President of Microprocessor Technology Development.
Papermaster moved from microprocessors to the role of Vice President of the Blade Development Unit of IBM in October 2006, working on IBM's blade server technology. IBM also selected him to join the Integration & Values Team (I&VT), a group consisting of approximately 300 top IBM executives who had access to "highly confidential information" not available to most of the company's employees. He served on the Technical Leadership Team as well, a group of top technical leaders in the company who focused on expanding and attracting talent to the company's workforce. Like the I&VT, the Technical Leadership Team also had access to highly confidential information.
Apple Recruitment.
In October 2007, Apple started looking for a top-level executive to work under their Senior VP, iPod Division and eventually move into the Senior VP role, reporting directly to then CEO Steve Jobs. Papermaster was one of many candidates interviewed for the position, but Apple did not find him to be the right fit. An internal email from SVP of Mac Hardware & Engineering Bob Mansfield expressed concerns about his ability to fill the position but noted that Papermaster is "immensely smart about microprocessor design, large systems, and semiconductors."
In April 2008, Apple bought P.A. Semi, a microchip design company, with the intent of using the company's chips on Apple's iPods and iPhones. In the microprocessor industry, P.A. Semi and IBM were direct competitors. Five months later, after the release of new versions of the iPod and the iPhone, Apple picked up the search for a Senior VP, iPod/iPhone Division to replace Tony Fadell. Papermaster interviewed again in October, and Apple offered him the position on October 10, 2008. Papermaster accepted, told IBM he planned to accept on October 13, 2008, and notified them of acceptance on October 20, 2008. IBM offered Papermaster a raise if he agreed to stay or one year's salary if he delayed starting at Apple for one year. Papermaster declined the offer and submitted his formal resignation the next day.
Noncompetition Agreement.
Due to the sensitive nature of the information to which he would gain access, IBM had Papermaster sign a Noncompetition Agreement ("see" "non-compete clause") June 21, 2006 in order to be considered for Integration & Values Team membership. The clause mandated, "...during Papermaster's employment with IBM and for one (1) year following the termination of employment...[Mr. Papermaster will not directly or indirectly within the 'Restricted Area' (1) 'Engage in or Associate with' (a) any 'Business or Enterprise' or (b) any significant competitor or major competitor of the company." The non-compete went on to define the terms "Restricted Area" as any geographic location where Papermaster worked in the previous 12 months; "Engage or Associate with" as becoming an employee, associate, member, etc.; and "Business or Enterprise" as an "entity" that competes with any Business Unit in which Papermaster worked in the previous two years. The agreement also stated that any violation of this agreement would cause IBM "irreparable harm," a factor the company suing an employee over a non-compete usually has the burden to prove.
IBM v. Papermaster.
On 22 October 2008 IBM filed a complaint against Papermaster in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging breach of contract and misappropriation of trade secrets. The parties settled after Judge Kenneth Karas filed his opinion, agreeing that Papermaster can work for Apple but must pass two court certifications - one in July 2009 and the second in October 2009 - where he testified he had not passed on IBM trade secrets.
Departure from Apple.
On August 7, 2010, The New York Times reported that Papermaster was leaving Apple in the wake of the iPhone 4 antenna troubles. It was later reported by The Wall Street Journal that Papermaster's exit from Apple was rather due to "broader cultural incompability", and a loss of confidence from Apple CEO Steve Jobs.
Cisco Systems.
In October, 2010, Papermaster joined Cisco Systems as a VP in the engineering department.
CTO and SVP at AMD.
AMD announced that Papermaster would be the CTO and SVP on October 19, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20131189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131189" title="Treat Me Good">
Treat Me Good

"Treat Me Good" is a song written by Tania Doko, Joanne McDonald and James Roche for Bachelor Girl's first album "Waiting for the Day" (1998). It was released as the album's second single in Australia on 5 October 1998 as a CD single. The song was a minor hit peaking in the top forty of the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, also peaking in the top thirty in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20131192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131192" title="Felipe Enrique Neri, Baron de Bastrop">
Felipe Enrique Neri, Baron de Bastrop

Felipe Enrique Neri (born Nov. 23, 1759 in Paramaribo, Surinam & died 23 Feb. 1827) was a Dutch businessman and land owner known for his assistance in Anglo-American settlement of Texas.
Early life and family.
Bastrop's real name was Philip Hendrik Nering Bögel when he was born. He changed his name later on in his life when he moved to San Antonio, Texas. He was the son of Conraed Laurens Nering and Maria Jacoba (Kraayvanger) Bögel. In 1764, he moved to the Netherlands with his parents and later joined the cavalry. Neri married Georgine Wolffeline Françoise Lijcklama à Nyeholt in Oldeboorn, Friesland on April 28, 1782. Together, they had five children. They later settled in Leeuwarden, Friesland, where Neri worked as a tax collector.
Flight to North America.
Neri was accused of using tax funds for personal gain in 1793, so he left his family and fled to Spanish Louisiana before he could go to court. In Louisiana, Neri introduced himself as a Dutch nobleman, Baron de Bastrop. People believed his false identity, and Neri was soon engaged in many land deals where he made a fortune but later went broke. He received permission from Spain to form a colony in the Ouachita River valley. His contract with Spanish colonial governor Francisco Luis Hector de Carondelet provided for European settlement of 850,000 acres on the Ouachita. Although ninety-nine colonists settled in the area, the project was halted when Louisiana realized its government treasury did not have enough funds to see the colonization to fruition.
Career in Texas.
When Louisiana's sale from France to the United States was finalized, he moved to Texas and received a permit to establish a colony between Bexar and the Trinity River.
He moved to San Antonio in 1806, where he posed as a loyal subject who strongly opposed the sale of Louisiana to the USA. In 1810 he was appointed second alcalde, (mayor or chief judicial official), of the Spanish town.
In 1820, Neri met with Moses Austin, whose request to bring Anglo-American settlers into Texas had recently been rejected. He had been acquainted with Moses Austin, having formerly shared the hospitality of a roadhouse in then-Spanish Missouri with Moses 20 years before he came to Texas. Neri used his influence to help Moses Austin, and later Stephen F. Austin obtain grants to bring Anglo-American settlers into Texas, later to be called the Old Three Hundred.
In 1820, Neri was chosen to be commissioner of colonization for Stephen F. Austin’s colony. In 1823, he was elected to the provincial deputation of San Antonio, and later the Legislature of Coahuila y Tejas in 1824. Until his death on February 23, 1827, he served the legislature. He did not leave enough money for his burial, so other legislative members paid for it. In his will, he left land to his wife and children in the Netherlands. Years later, his true identity was revealed.
Legacy.
Neri was a very important and influential person in the colonization of Texas. Without him, Texas might have never been populated with Anglo-American settlers.
The following places are all named after him:

</doc>
<doc id="20131195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131195" title="Dawid Kucharski">
Dawid Kucharski

Dawid Kucharski (; born November 19, 1984 in Kostrzyn nad Odrą) is a Polish professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Okocimski KS Brzesko.
Career.
Early career in Poland.
Kucharski began his playing career at Celulozy Kostrzyn. Before the 2002/2003 season, he moved to Amica Wronki, where he debuted in the Ekstraklasa for Szczakowianka Jaworzno on 5 October 2002. He joined Lech Poznań at the beginning of the 2006/2007 season. He has played in 97 matches in the Polish Ekstraklasa as well as scoring 3 goals. He helped Lech Poznań to third place in the 2008-09 Ekstraklasa and the 2009 Polish Cup final but missed out on the 1-0 victory over Ruch Chorzów due to injury.
Moving abroad to Hearts.
Kucharski signed for Scottish Premier League side Hearts on 5 July 2009. He made his debut on the opening day of the season in a 2-0 defeat to Dundee United at Tannadice. He made a total of 15 appearances during his first season for the club. Kucharski did not feature at all for Hearts during the 2010-11 season and on 26 May 2011 it was announced that he would not be offered a new contract at Tynecastle and was free to find a new club.
Pogoń Szczecin.
In June 2011, he joined Pogoń Szczecin on one year contract.
International career.
Kucharski used to be the captain of the Poland U21 national team

</doc>
<doc id="20131210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131210" title="Harold Koplar">
Harold Koplar

Harold Koplar (February 27, 1915–May 3, 1985) was a Russian-American hotelier and businessman in St. Louis, Missouri.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Harold Koplar was born February 27, 1915. His father, Sam Koplar, built the Park Plaza Hotel in 1929. Harold Koplar was raised in St. Louis, Missouri, graduating from Soldan High School before going on to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he studied architecture and engineering but left without graduating.
Career.
Koplar linked together and managed the Chase Park Plaza Hotel in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1959, he launched the television station KPLR-TV in a converted apartment building near the hotel. He established a development at Lake of the Ozarks in 1964 that includes the Lodge of Four Seasons hotel, two golf courses, a marina, and Spa Shiki. In 1966 he was listed as part-owner of the troubled midtown landmark Continental Life Building, along with St. Louis mayor Alfonso J. Cervantes and nationally known defense attorney Morris Shenker, who was also Koplar's brother-in-law.
Marriage and children.
Harold and Marie Lauer Koplar married on March 30, 1931. The couple had three children: Robert "Bob" Koplar (d. 1977), Edward J. "Ted" Koplar, and Susan Koplar Brown.
Death and afterward.
On May 3, 1985, Harold Koplar was found unconscious in an indoor lap pool in his home. He was rushed to the hospital and declared dead of a massive heart attack. Funeral services were held at Temple Emanuel in St. Louis and he was interred in the Koplar family mausoleum at New Mount Sinai Cemetery, Affton, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20131218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131218" title="Kristýna Pastulová">
Kristýna Pastulová

Kristýna Pastulová (born October 22, 1985) is a volleyballplayer from the Czech Republic. She represented the Czech Republic national team at the 2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20131223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131223" title="Joe Walker Elementary">
Joe Walker Elementary

Joe Walker Elementary School is a part of the McGuffey School District. This elementary school is located in Lagonda, Pennsylvania on Park Avenue (Route 18). Students living in South Franklin Township that are in fifth grade are transferred to Claysville Elementary School due to insufficient space in the Joe Walker Elementary building.
The Name of the School.
Joe Walker Elementary School was named after Joseph Albert Walker in honor of his accomplishments of making two flights beyond 100 kilometers - the edge of space. Joe Walker's childhood home is approximately 1/2 mile down Route 18 (towards Washington, PA) from Joe Walker Elementary School. 
Academic Achievement.
In 2011 and 2010, the school achieved AYP status. In 2011, the school's attendance rate declined to 94% while the rate was 95% in 2010. 
Reading program.
The school requires each student to participate in a reading program. First grades must read five books in the third and fourth marking period. Older students must read for points each marking period. Rewards are provided each marking period. The level of participation is part of the reading grade each student earns.

</doc>
<doc id="20131261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131261" title="Sadie and Bessie Delany">
Sadie and Bessie Delany

Sadie und Bessie Delany were two American sisters and human rights pioneers who wrote a successful book of memoirs.
For more information, see:

</doc>
<doc id="20131262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131262" title="The Matthew poems">
The Matthew poems

Wordsworth's "Matthew" poems are a series of poems, composed by the English Romantic poet William Wordsworth, that describe the character Matthew in Wordsworth's poetry.
Background.
Wordsworth, during his early career, focused on writing in blank-verse. However, in March 1798, he began to write a series of poems in ballad meter, which were later added to the "Lyrical Ballads". From October 1798 to February 1799, Wordsworth worked on the "Matthew" poems along with the "Lucy" poems and other poems. During this time, Wordsworth was living at Goslar and was separated from Samuel Taylor Coleridge, which caused him to become depressed and feel separation anxiety.
The thematic similarities between the "Lucy" and the "Matthew" poems are so strong that Alan Grob suggests that the two sets of poems should be put "under a single heading as the Goslar lyrics of 1799". The final poem, "Address to the Scholars of the Village School of —" was written in 1800 in two sections, and was later revised for publication in 1842 with the addition of a third section.
The poems.
There is some disagreement over which poems make up the "Matthew" poems. William Knight, based on a note by Wordsworth saying that the subject is related to "Matthew", to "The Two April Mornings", and to "The Fountain", believes that "Address to the Scholars of the Village School of —" should be included in the series. In addition, Mary Moorman includes "Expostulation and Reply" and its companion, "The Tables Turned" as part of the series, and states that lines of "Address to the Scholars of the Village School of —" overlaps with the lines of two Matthew poems that were not published while Wordsworth was alive. The three "Matthew" undisputed poems, "Matthew", "The Two April Mornings", and "The Fountain", serve as a dialogue between youth (the narrator) and experience(Matthew).
Matthew.
"Matthew" was originally titled "Lines written on a Tablet in a School" until 1820, where it was given the title "Matthew". In 1827 and 1832, it was called by its first line, "If Nature, for a favourite child", but in 1827 returned to being called "Matthew".
The poem asks that when the reader of the tablet, when looking upon the names listed,
The narrator then explains that
However, when Matthew would be lost in contemplation,
After describing the character of Matthew, the narrator laments:
The Two April Mornings.
"The Two April Mornings" describes a memory of a schoolmaster, Matthew, who remembers on an April morning
On that day, he came to visit his daughter's grave to morn over her death,
She reminded him of his daughter, and
Even with her resemblance, Matthew knows that she could not replace Emma. The poem ends with the narrator admitting that experiencing his own remembrance of the departed: 
The Fountain.
"The Fountain" describes the narrator and Matthew noticing a fountain coming from the ground while they sat together. The fountain lightens their moods, and Matthew reveals that the fountain is connected to natural immortality:
However, Matthew understands the pains of mortality and is filled with memories of the past:
Matthew is quick to point out why this sense of loss that comes from mortality does not lead him down the path of despair:
Matthew points out that
and the narrator offers himself to his friend:
Matthew is quick to decline because he knows that the narrator cannot be a substitute for those who are passed.
Address to the Scholars.
Wordsworth's "Address to the Scholars of the Village School of —", which Grob describes as "one of the least familiar of the 'Matthew' poems" was originally a two part poem with the second titled "Dirge". When it was published in 1842, Wordsworth added a third section, "By the Side of the Grave Some Years After". The poem describes an individual who is devoted to nature but is disconnected from reality:
The narrator remembers Matthew in a secular way and is resigned to a life where he could no longer be with Matthew. It is not until the last section that Christian hope is added:
Identity.
On 27 March 1843, Wordsworth wrote to Henry Reed, "The character of the schoolmaster, had like the Wanderer in "The Excursion" a solid foundation in fact and reality, but like him it was also in some degree a composition: I will not, and need not, call it an invention — it was no such thing." The character Matthew is likely based on Wordsworth's schoolmaster while at Hawkeshead, William Taylor, who died in 1786 at the age of 32. However, Moorman argues that the character is most likely based on a "Packman", or peddler that would visit Hawkshead to sell his wares. The "Packman" would sing and tell stories, and, with his travelling, resembled the Wanderer from "The Excursion".
Themes.
Loss is an important theme in the "Matthew" poems; To Geoffrey Hartman, "radical loss" haunts both the "Lucy" poems and the "Matthew" poems. The "Lucy" poems, written at the same time as "Two April Mornings", share their discussion on separation, but the "Matthew" poems make it clear that a loss cannot truly be replaced. The "Matthew" and "Lucy" poems, which express doubt about the ability of nature to comfort individuals experiencing loss, are thematically unique in Wordsworth's earlier poetry, according to Grob: 
the great lyrics written at Goslar, the 'Matthew' poems and the 'Lucy' poems, strongly indicate that even in the earliest phase, those years when Wordsworth spoke most confidently of the Utopian possibilities held out to man by nature, his optimism was tempered by at least momentary misgivings, recognition that there are areas of human experience, vital to our individual happiness, in which man is invariably beset by difficulties and sorrows for which nature could furnish no comforts and surely no solution. 
Although there can never be another individual such as Matthew or his daughter, his daughter is able to return to Matthew in his memory, and Matthew is able to return in the memory of the poet. Matthew is able to overcome his feelings of loss through nature, and, to E. D. Hirsch, there is spirit of affirmation in the poems. Matthew serves as a teacher about life and is viewed by the narrator as a source of wisdom. He is capable of rejoicing in nature, but he is also certain of the realities of nature, including death. He is able to mourn without despairing. 
Anne Kostelanetz believes that the poems inhibit a "structural irony... which works against the authority of Matthew's statements", and she believes that Matthew "has rejected the very essence of nature—the eternal cycle of joy and vitality, the constant possibility of spontaneous delight in the beauty of being". Similarly, David Ferry views "The Two April Mornings" as Matthew "offered a choice between the living and the dead, and he chooses the dead". However, John Danby disagrees, and believes that Matthew merely does "not wish her mine, to undergo all the risk of loss again". Also, Grob believes that, in "The Two April Mornings", "The most likely explanation... one that receives support from the similar choice made by Matthew in "The Fountain"" is that "His rejection of the living child is less a free and reasoned judgment than an emotionally compelled and necessary acquiescence in the unalterable laws of human nature."
Critical opinion.
Grob believes that the "Matthew" poems are important because they, with the "Lucy" poems, are different than the other poems that Wordsworth wrote between 1797 and 1800 in their treatment of nature and personal loss. In their difference, they suggest "the presence of seeds of discontent even in a period of seemingly assured faith that makes the sequence of developments in the history of Wordsworth's thought a more orderly, evolving pattern than the chronological leaps between stages would seem to imply".

</doc>
<doc id="20131264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131264" title="Tom Ochiltree">
Tom Ochiltree

Tom Ochiltree (1872–1897), was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
One of the last by the great foundation stallion, blind Lexington, still standing at what by then was A. J. Alexander's Woodburn Stud in Kentucky, Tom Ochiltree was an enormous colt, eventually reaching 16 hands 2½ inches high with a girth of 76 inches.
Purchased by J. F. Chamberlain at the 1872 Woodburn yearling sale for $500, he eventually found himself at age four in the hands of the tobacco heir George Lynde Lorillard (who also owned Duke of Magenta). Trained by Hall of Fame conditioner Wyndham Walden (founder of Bowling Brook Farm in Carroll County, Maryland), Tom Ochiltree won the Preakness Stakes in the last days of the great match races and the very year the Kentucky Derby and Kentucky Oaks were first run: 1875.
In the same year as Tom Ochiltree was foaled, another horse was born at the neighboring Nantura Stock Farm that would prove to be one of Tom Ochiltree's greatest rivals, Ten Broeck. One year later, 1873, a third horse was born, Parole (bred by the brother of Tom Ochiltree's owner, Pierre Lorillard IV) who would become a rival to both Tom Ochiltree and Ten Broeck, just as the brothers were intense rivals on the track. In 1877, with the addition of the younger Parole, these three would ignite the racing world in one of its biggest match races.
Racing career.
At three, Tom Ochiltree lost the Breckenridge Stakes to Aristides, winner of the first Kentucky Derby, but he won the Annual Sweepstakes and the Dixie Stakes, as well as the Preakness. At the same time Ten Broeck was winning all his races. These two were then considered the best horses in the Union. In those days, that could mean only one thing: a match race. But for one reason or another, the owners of both colts avoided a confrontation. At four, Tom Ochiltree won the Baltimore Cup, the Monmouth Cup, the Saratoga Cup and the Continental Cup. At five, he took his second Baltimore Cup, the Westchester Cup, the Grand National Handicap, and the All-Aged Stakes.
The Pimlico Match.
On October 24, 1877 at Baltimore, Maryland's Pimlico a "match" race was run between Parole, Ten Broeck and Tom Ochiltree. It was scheduled for the first day of the October meeting of the Maryland Jockey Club. By this time Ten Broeck ("King of the Western Turf") was winning everything in the midwest, while Tom Ochiltree and Parole were exchanging wins on the east coast that were so heated that a backer of Parole attempted to poison Tom Ochiltree, an attempt that sickened his stablemate Leander instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20131287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131287" title="Hiroki Kawano">
Hiroki Kawano

He was a member of U-17 Japan national football team for 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup held in South Korea.
Club team career statistics.
Last update: 11 April 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20131306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131306" title="USS Wampanoag (ATA-202)">
USS Wampanoag (ATA-202)

The second USS "Wampanoag" (ATA-202), originally USS "ATA-202", was a United States Navy auxiliary ocean-going tug in commission from 1945 to 1947.
USS "ATA-202" was laid down on 24 August 1944 at Port Arthur, Texas, by the Gulfport Boiler and Welding Works. She was launched on 10 October 1944 and commissioned on 8 December 1944.
"ATA-202" completed her shakedown and training during the latter half of December 1944 and proceeded via the Panama Canal to the Pacific Ocean. On 12 January 1945, she reported for World War II duty with the United States Pacific Fleet and, by late April 1945 had joined Service Squadron (ServRon) 10 at Ulithi Atoll in support of the Okinawa campaign. Late in May 1945, she moved to Okinawa itself for a brief tour of duty, then returned to her base at Ulithi Atoll in mid-June 1945. It is reasonable to assume that her round-trip voyage to Okinawa was for the purpose of towing battle-damaged ships back to Ulithi Atoll for repair.
"ATA-202" continued her duty with ServRon 10 through the end of the war, in which hostilities with Japan ceased on 15 August 1945. She was awarded one battle star for her service during World War II.
"ATA-202" returned to the United States in September 1945, and began nine months of duty in the 11th Naval District at San Diego, California. She was reassigned to the Atlantic Reserve Fleet's Texas Group at Orange, Texas, in March 1946 and reported there in July 1946. On 27 February 1947, she was decommissioned there and berthed with the Texas Group, Atlantic Reserve Fleet. While in reserve, she was renamed USS "Wampanoag" on 16 July 1948.
"Wampanoag" remained in reserve until 25 February 1959 at which time she was loaned to the United States Coast Guard. In the Coast Guard, she became the USCGC "Comanche" (WATA-202), later redesignated WMEC-202 as a medium endurance cutter. On 1 June 1969, her name was struck from the Navy List and she was transferred permanently to the Coast Guard that day.
"Comanche" operated along the United States West Coast from 1959 to 1967. She shifted her home port to Corpus Christi, Texas in 1967, then shifted it again to Eureka, California, in 1969. She operated from Eureka until decommissioned by the Coast Guard on 30 January 1980 and laid up. She was sold into commercial service in 1991, and operated commercially in the Puget Sound area of Washington until laid up in 2000.
In 2007, the "Comanche" was given to the Comanche 202 Foundation, a non-profit founded on 11 September 2007, for the purpose of preserving, restoring and operating the last complete ATA and the first U.S. Coast Guard Medium Endurance Cutter preserved on the west coast. As of June 2009, she has been moored at the Foss Waterway Seaport, 705 Dock Street E., Tacoma, WA and is frequently open for tours. "Comanche" is fully operational and makes cruises on the Puget Sound today. 

</doc>
<doc id="20131308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131308" title="Jorge Valdez">
Jorge Valdez

Jorge Daniel Valdez Godoy, (born 14 July 1974) is a football defender from Paraguay.
Career.
Valdez started his career in Olimpia Asunción as a right-side defender, and won several national championships with the team. He then went on to play for many Paraguayan teams and for the Argentine side Central Norte. His nickname is "Repollo" ("Cabbage"). Has been put on trial with Mexican club Atlas, but was cut from the team because Atlas only had 2 cans of Spam and a bag of beans to its name.

</doc>
<doc id="20131326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131326" title="Kyle Clement">
Kyle Clement

Kyle Clement (born April 10, 1985 in Hudsonville, Michigan) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Northwood.
Early years.
Clement attended Hudsonville High School, in Hudsonville, Michigan.
College career.
He played college football at Northwood University in Midland, Michigan, where he was a four-year starter and a standout defensive lineman. He was twice named first team all conference in the GLIAC, and was selected to participate in the Cactus Bowl after his senior season.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Clement was signed to a 2-year deal by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent following his college career. During training camp, Clement suffered a knee injury that required microfracture surgery. He was placed on injured reserve for the remainder of the 2008 season.
Clement was a member of the Super Bowl XLIII Champion Pittsburgh Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="20131336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131336" title="Wolffiella">
Wolffiella

Wolffiella is a genus of aquatic plants commonly called duckweeds in the Araceae family. Common names for plants in this genus include bogmat and mud-midget. They are rootless and have a keel that allows them to maintain their orientation in the water. They are small, measuring 2 to 10 millimeters in width.

</doc>
<doc id="20131338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131338" title="Brown and Orange">
Brown and Orange

Brown and Orange is an album by Australian folk comedian The Bedroom Philosopher released in February 2009.
Produced by Chris Scallan, Martin "Moose" Lubran and Ken Heazlewood. It is the second album by The Bedroom Philosopher, following 2005's "In Bed with My Doona", which contained his radio hit "I'm So Post Modern", the most popular independently released Australian single of 2005, charting at number 72 in the following year's Triple J Hottest 100.
The music video for the album's second single, "Wow Wow's Song", acquired 20,000 plays on YouTube within its first five days of release and garnered many impressive statistics in Australia, New Zealand and globally.
Reviews of concerts performed in 2008 as The Bedroom Philosopher and His Awkwardstra premiered many of the songs on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20131339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131339" title="Aroma Espresso Bar">
Aroma Espresso Bar

Aroma Espresso Bar () is an Israeli espresso and coffee chain with 125 branches around the country, several branches in the United States, Canada and Ukraine and single locations in Germany, Cyprus, Romania, Kazakhstan, and Poland. Aroma is a self-service cafe where orders are placed at the counter and customers are called when the order is ready.
History.
Founded in 1994 on Hillel Street in downtown Jerusalem, Aroma first started branching out beyond that city in 2000. In 2006 the first overseas branch opened in SoHo in New York City. In 2007 Aroma opened its first location in Canada, in downtown Toronto in The Annex. In 2008, Aroma opened a sister brand "Marrone Rosso" with locations in Romania and Cyprus. In 2007, branches continued to open in Toronto and on 72nd Street in New York City, as well as the first location in Kiev, Ukraine. Aroma has fourteen Canadian locations in the Greater Toronto Area, as well as ten American locations across New York City (4), New Jersey (1), Maryland (1), and Florida (4). In 2012 Aroma opened its first two Polish locations in Warsaw.
Social responsibility.
In 1996, Aroma's first branch in Jerusalem began integrating workers with special needs. Today the chain employs such people in nearly every branch in the country.
Comparison surveys.
A survey by an Israeli market research company found that more Israeli consumers are inclined to choose a cafe based on accessibility and availability, ahead of cost and taste of the food. According to "Haaretz" newspaper, this may explain the success of Aroma, which has 123 outlets in Israel. Respondents were asked which chain they thought had the cheapest prices and best service. Aroma won by a wide margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20131358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131358" title="Pickfordiateuthis">
Pickfordiateuthis

Pickfordiateuthis is a genus of tiny squid in the family Loliginidae. While four species have been assigned to the genus, only three have been named. No member is known to reach a maximum mantle length of more than 22 mm.
The genus was erected in 1953 by Gilbert L. Voss, who named it in honour of biologist Grace Evelyn Pickford. Voss placed the sole species known at the time, "P. pulchella", in its own family, Pickfordiateuthidae, but this was sunk in synonymy with Loliginidae by Thomas Brakoniecki in his 1996 revision of "Pickfordiateuthis". Brakoniecki also described "P. vossi" as new and identified a third, unnamed species, "P." sp. A. A fourth species, "P. bayeri", was added in 2001 by Clyde Roper and Michael Vecchione.

</doc>
<doc id="20131359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131359" title="Lucky Me (Bachelor Girl song)">
Lucky Me (Bachelor Girl song)

"Lucky Me" was the third single from Australian band Bachelor Girls first album "Waiting For The Day". The music video was filmed inside Glen Waverley Shopping Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20131399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131399" title="Third Federal Electoral District of Coahuila">
Third Federal Electoral District of Coahuila

The Third Federal Electoral District of Coahuila "(III Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Coahuila's Second District is located in the central-eastern portion of the state and
covers the municipalities of Abasolo, Arteaga, Candela, Castaños, Escobedo, General Cepeda, Juárez, Monclova, Progreso, Ramos Arizpe, Sabinas and Sacramento.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Monclova.

</doc>
<doc id="20131414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131414" title="Peter Chelsom">
Peter Chelsom

Peter Chelsom (born 20 April 1956) is a British actor and film director. He has directed among others such films as "Shall We Dance?" and ""
Chelsom was born in Blackpool, Lancashire, the son of antiques shop owners Kay and Reginald Chelsom. He studied at the Central School of Drama in London. He worked as an actor for the Royal Shakespeare Company as well as taking part in numerous film and television productions including "A Woman of Substance" which also included Jenny Seagrove and Deborah Kerr. While acting he developed a growing interest in writing and directing. From 1985-98 he ran the television film course at Central School of Drama and later taught at both the Actors' Institute and Cornell University.

</doc>
<doc id="20131418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131418" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Indiana, 2004">
United States House of Representatives elections in Indiana, 2004

The 2004 congressional elections in Indiana were elections for Indiana's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred along with congressional elections nationwide on November 2, 2004. Republicans held a majority of Indiana's delegation, 6-3, before the elections. The only incumbent to lose re-election was Democrat Baron Hill, losing to Republican Mike Sodrel in the 9th district.
Results.
The following are the final results from the Secretary of State of Indiana.
Overview.
District 1.
This district includes a small strip of northwest Indiana. The district has been one of the most Democratic in Indiana.
District 2.
This district is centered on South Bend, Indiana and the Indiana portion of the Michiana region.
District 3.
This district is located in the northeast corner of Indiana and has a large population center in Fort Wayne.
District 4.
This district is located in west-central Indiana. Located within the district is the city of West Lafayette and many suburban towns.
District 5.
This district located mostly north of Indianapolis, including the largest suburbs of Indianapolis in Hamilton County.
District 6.
This district takes in a large portion of eastern Indiana, including the cities of Muncie, Anderson, and Richmond.
District 7.
This district is in the heart of Central Indiana and encompasses most of Marion County/Indianapolis.
District 8.
Population centers of Evansville and Terre Haute are located within its limits along with numerous other small towns.
District 9.
This district is located in southeast Indiana. The largest city located within the district is Bloomington followed by; Columbus, New Albany, Jeffersonville, and Clarksville.

</doc>
<doc id="20131419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131419" title="St-Hilaire train disaster">
St-Hilaire train disaster

The St-Hilaire train disaster was a railroad disaster that occurred on June 29, 1864, near the present-day town of Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec. The train, which had been carrying many German and Polish immigrants, failed to acknowledge a stop signal and fell through an open swing bridge into the Richelieu River. Though uncertain, the widely accepted death toll is 99 persons.
The disaster remains the worst railway accident in Canadian history.
Background.
During the 19th century the Richelieu River served as an important waterway for trade between New York City and Montreal. Tourism also developed in the area greatly due to the steamboats that travelled up and down the river. The Belœil Bridge was built as a swing bridge so that the railway would not interrupt the shipping lanes.
Disaster.
On June 29, 1864, a Grand Trunk train carrying between 354 and 475 passengers, many of them German and Polish immigrants, was travelling from Quebec City to Montreal.
At around 1:20 a.m. local time the train was approaching the Belœil Bridge. The swing bridge had been opened to allow the passage of five barges and a steamer ship. A red light a mile ahead of the bridge signalled to the train that the crossing was open and it needed to slow. However, the light was not acknowledged by the conductor, Thomas Finn, or the engineer, William Burnie, and the train continued towards the bridge.
At 1:20 a.m. the train came onto the bridge and fell through an open gap. The engine and eleven coaches fell through the gap one after another on top of each other, crushing a passing barge. The train sank into an area of the river with a depth of . 99 people aboard the train were killed and 100 more were injured. Among the dead was Thomas Finn and the fireman aboard the train. The engineer was hurt slightly in the accident but was able to escape the wreck. The disaster was blamed on the conductor and engineer for failing to obey the standing order to stop before crossing the bridge. The engineer, who had only recently been hired, claimed that he was not familiar with the route and that he did not see the signal.
Response.
The Grand Trunk Railway sent large numbers of men to assist the recovery and rescue efforts. The hospitals and other institutions in nearby Montreal were used for the injured passengers. The dead were also brought to Montreal and buried in the Mount Royal and Roman Catholic cemeteries.

</doc>
<doc id="20131431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131431" title="Peter Fisher (physician)">
Peter Fisher (physician)

Peter Antony Goodwin Fisher, FRCP (b. 1950), is a prominent figure in the international homeopathic community. He currently serves as Clinical Director and Director of Research at the Royal London Hospital for Integrated Medicine. He is editor-in-chief of "Homeopathy".

</doc>
<doc id="20131442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131442" title="Invitation (film)">
Invitation (film)

Invitation is a 1952 melodrama starring Van Johnson and Dorothy McGuire as a happily married couple, until the wife learns a secret about her husband. The film was based on the short story "R.S.V.P." by Jerome Weidman.
Plot.
Ellen Pierce (Dorothy McGuire) is very happily married to architect Dan (Van Johnson). However, due to a bout of rheumatic fever in her childhood, her heart is weak and she cannot exert herself too much; how frail she is, she does not really know. Her wealthy father (Louis Calhern) and the family doctor (Ray Collins) have kept from her the fact that she probably only has a few more months to live.
When Ellen visits acquaintance Maud Redwick (Ruth Roman), Dan's embittered former girlfriend, Maud reminds her about a vicious remark she had made at Ellen and Dan's wedding that he was only a "loan" for about a year. That, plus an invitation addressed to Dan to a medical conference and various other clues, leads Ellen to discover the truth, not only about her prognosis, but also an even more devastating secret: that her father had arranged the marriage to make her happy, and that Dan did not love her.
When Dan finds out, he confesses via flashbacks that he had initially rejected her father's offer, but due to a lack of success in his career, he had indeed married her at her father's behest. However, he claims that he has since fallen deeply in love with her.
He tells her about a Doctor Toynberry who has come up with a new technique that has a good chance of curing her and begs her to undergo the operation he has arranged for her. If it is a success, they will know by spring. After absorbing everything, she goes through with the medical procedure. The film flashes forward to the spring, with her healthy and blissfully still married to Dan.
Theme Music.
The theme music by Bronislau Kaper was originally used in "A Life of Her Own" (1950), but became a jazz standard after being used in this film and becoming known as "Invitation".
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $855,000 in the US and Canada and $600,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $178,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20131459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131459" title="Michael E. Dreher">
Michael E. Dreher

Dr. Michael E. Dreher, also known as Mike Dreher, is a right-wing Swiss politician, and founder of the Freedom Party of Switzerland (originally "Motorist Party", ). He holds an MBA from University of St. Gallen and was an MP from 1987–1999.
Political life.
Dreher champions individual freedom, tax breaks, individual mobility and adheres to the principles of Euroscepticism and Capitalism. He calls for strict regulations on immigration, and prevalence of law and order. However, he does not back the death penalty. In his early days he joined the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland. In the 1970s he served as a secretary of the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission in Panmunjom, Korea with the rank of a Swiss army captain; he travelled extensively in East Asia and Eastern Europe. In 1979 he was a candidate in national elections for the first time. In the 1980s he created a pressure group under the name "Buergeraktion" (People's Action) and aggressively supported candidates of Switzerland's centre-right majority parties. Dreher countered the rise of the Green Party of Switzerland and particularly rebuked its claims about Forest dieback which he denounced as "lie of the century". His verbal attacks on the "reds and greens" were often rude, and rocked the political establishment of Switzerland. He opposes Swiss EU and UNO membership, but supports membership of Switzerland in North American Free Trade Agreement and European Free Trade Association for the purpose of free trade. In 1985 he left the FDP and founded the Motorist Party. He was a national MP from 1987 to 1999, and joined the Swiss People's Party Swiss People's Party which took up many of his ideas in 2001. He is publisher of the capitalist magazine "Tacho" that promotes the cause of taxpayers and motorists, and President of the Motorist Foundation ("Auto-Allianz").
Personal.
Dreher is a legal and economic consultant, based in Zollikon, a ritzy Zürich suburb. He is married, and has one son. He is a member of Scaphusia Schaffhausen and an admirer of late US President Ronald Reagan and UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. Almost naturally, Dreher has a flair for cars and a collection of old-timers.

</doc>
<doc id="20131465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131465" title="Sho Asuke">
Sho Asuke


</doc>
<doc id="20131506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131506" title="Fourth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila">
Fourth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila

The Fourth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila "(IV Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Coahuila's Fourth District covers the eastern portion of the municipality of Saltillo.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Saltillo.

</doc>
<doc id="20131533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131533" title="Masaki Iida">
Masaki Iida


</doc>
<doc id="20131542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131542" title="I'm Just a Girl (Bachelor Girl song)">
I'm Just a Girl (Bachelor Girl song)

"I'm Just A Girl" was the first single of Australian Band Bachelor Girl's second album "Dysfunctional".
Music video.
The music video was shot on location at the Ansett Australia Melbourne Airport Terminal, in Melbourne, Australia not long after the airline had ceased operations in 2002. An Ansett aircraft as well as the deserted gate lounges, arrivals hall and Golden Wing Club Lounge served as the backdrop for the video. Twenty former Ansett staff particiated as extras in the shoot, which took two days to film.

</doc>
<doc id="20131547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131547" title="American Dream (Jakatta song)">
American Dream (Jakatta song)

"American Dream" is a 2000 song by Jakatta. The track samples two Thomas Newman pieces from the soundtrack for the film "American Beauty"; "American Beauty" and "Dead Already". A remix was released in 2001. The track is very unusual for a dance track, since the majority of the track is in 6/4 time, as opposed to the much more common 4/4.
Chart positions.
The single peaked at #3 in the UK and #63 in Australia. The 2001 remix re-release peaked at #63 in the UK.
Track listings.
UK CD
UK 12" Vinyl
A: "American Dream" (Joey Negro Club Mix)
B: "American Dream" (DifferentGear Remix)
Italy 12" Vinyl
A: "American Dream" (Joey Negro Club Mix) 
B: "American Dream" (Mr. Oxx & Pagany T. Mix) 
Netherlands 12" Vinyl
A1: "American Dream" (Joey Negro Vocal Mix) 
A2: "American Dream" (Joey Negro Club Mix) 
B: "American Dream" (DifferentGear Remix)
Trivia.
A mellow remix of "American Dream" was used in the 2005 Dreamworks film "Madagascar" when Alex is lying on the beach and steaks begin to fall from the sky; this is also a strong connection to the movie "American Beauty". It is also used in a segment of the BBC documentary "Inventions That Changed The World", as well as the Channel 4 documentary series "The Secret Millionaire".
The track samples Thomas Newman's "Any Other Name".

</doc>
<doc id="20131553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131553" title="White Like Me">
White Like Me

White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son is a book by activist and writer Tim Wise. It is a personal account examining white privilege and his conception of racism in American society through his experiences with his family and in his community. The title is based on the book "Black Like Me" written by John Howard Griffin.
The book was adapted into a 2013 documentary film also entitled "White Like Me".

</doc>
<doc id="20131575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131575" title="Fifth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila">
Fifth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila

The Fifth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila "(V Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period,
by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Coahuila's Fifth District covers the municipalities of
Matamoros, Parras, Viesca and the southern half of the municipality of Torreón.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Torreón.

</doc>
<doc id="20131610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131610" title="Hiroki Ito">
Hiroki Ito

He spent his entire professional career with Frontale, appearing in 494 official games for the club and scoring 12 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20131622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131622" title="Prima Paint Corp. v. Flood &amp; Conklin Mfg. Co.">
Prima Paint Corp. v. Flood &amp; Conklin Mfg. Co.

Prima Paint Corp. v. Flood & Conklin Mfg. Co. (388 U.S. 395 (1967)), is a United States Supreme Court decision that established what has become known as the "separability principle" in contracts with arbitration clauses. Following an appellate court ruling a decade earlier, it reads the 1925 Federal Arbitration Act (FAA) to require that any challenges to the enforceability of such a contract first be heard by an arbitrator, not a court, unless the claim is that the clause itself is unenforceable.
The case arose from a claim by a New Jersey manufacturer that a Maryland firm had misrepresented itself in a transaction and thus the contract between the two was unenforceable, precluding the arbitration agreed upon in the event of a dispute. Abe Fortas wrote for a 6-3 majority that the FAA was broad enough to require arbitration of all issues save the arbitration clause itself. Hugo Black's dissent called the majority's interpretation overbroad and at odds with Congressional intent in passing the law. He feared it would put legal matters in the hands of arbitrators with little or no legal understanding of it nor duty to follow the law.
In subsequent cases concerning the FAA, the Court has reaffirmed the separability principle and held that the FAA and this reading of it apply to arbitrable contracts under state law, even in cases where the contract is alleged to be illegal or state law provides for administrative dispute resolution. This has been seen as expanding the use of arbitration in contracts in the later 20th century, not only those between businesses but between businesses and consumers as well.
Background of the case.
In the early 20th century, businessmen in New York began promoting the idea of legally binding arbitration to resolve disputes as a less costly alternative to litigation. Courts were hostile to the idea, especially in interstate commerce, so in 1925 arbitration advocates persuaded Congress to pass the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), providing rules and a legal framework for arbitration. Among its provisions was a requirement that parties who had agreed to arbitrate do so before going to court.
The FAA made no impact on the federal courts until the 1958 Second Circuit decision in "Robert Lawrence Co. v. Devonshire Fabrics, Inc.", which held that the requirement to arbitrate meant that any challenge to the contract itself had to go before an arbitrator, not just disputes over possible breaches of contract. Only the arbitration clause itself could be challenged in court first.
Instant dispute.
Under this framework, in 1964 Prima Paint, of Maryland reached an agreement with Flood & Conklin, a New Jersey paint manufacturer, to purchase the latter's paint business for a percentage of receipts in annual payments of up to $225,000 over a six-year period. In return, Flood & Conklin agreed that its CEO, Jerome Jelin, would personally provide consulting services for Prima and that it would not sell to any of its former customers while the agreement remained in force. Two contracts governed the transaction; both had arbitration clauses.
One week after the contracts were executed, Flood & Conklin declared bankruptcy. In 1965, shortly before the first of its annual payments was due, Prima paid its first installment into an escrow account and told Flood's attorneys that it considered the consulting agreement breached. F & C responded with a notice of intent to arbitrate. Near the end of its permitted response period, Prima instead petitioned the Southern District of New York to rescind the contracts and enjoin Flood & Conklin from arbitration. Since that company had represented itself as solvent during the negotiations only to go bankrupt shortly after signing the deal, Prima argued, the contracts had been fraudulently induced and thus the arbitration clauses by extension could not be enforced.
Litigation history.
Flood & Conklin responded by denying the fraud allegations in several affidavits and noting that Prima had enjoyed the benefits of the contract for almost a year without complaint. It could not have been unaware of the bankruptcy proceedings, Flood noted, since it had been present at one of the creditors' committee meetings.
The district court, citing "Robert Lawrence", rebuffed Prima and ordered the parties to arbitration. An appeal to the Second Circuit was likewise unsuccessful. Since the First Circuit had reached a different conclusion in a similar case in 1960 that the Supreme Court had declined to hear, the Court accepted Prima's "certiorari" petition in order to resolve the issue. 
Robert Herzog and Martin Cole argued for the parties on March 12, 1967. The American Arbitration Association filed an "amicus curiae" brief in favor of Flood & Conklin.
Decision.
Abe Fortas wrote for the six-justice majority, and John Marshall Harlan added a one-sentence concurrence saying that he believed "Robert Lawrence" was also applicable precedent. Black was joined in a lengthy dissent by Potter Stewart and William O. Douglas, who had written for an eight-justice majority in "Bernhardt v. Polygraphic Co", an early reading of the Arbitration Act, which declined to compel arbitration in an employment contract on the grounds that the FAA applied only to contracts involving admiralty or commerce
Majority.
After reiterating the case history, Fortas considered the case in light of "Bernhardt". Since the consulting agreement was inexorably tied to the transfer of business assets from Flood to Prima, it was covered. "There could not be a clearer case of a contract evidencing a transaction in interstate commerce", he wrote, responding to the dissent's suggestion that the language should be more narrowly interpreted.
The language of Section 4 of the Act was clear, he continued, that only explicit challenges to the arbitration clause or its inducement were to be properly put before a court in the first instance. "t is inconceivable that Congress intended the rule to differ depending upon which party to the arbitration agreement first invokes the assistance of a federal court." Finally, he addressed the constitutionality of the Court's holding in light of "Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins", which held that the federal courts cannot create a federal common law and must defer to the prevailing state interpretations in substantive matters.
Dissent.
Black's four-part dissent was longer than the majority opinion he responded to. He took issue with every aspect of Fortas's reasoning.
In his introductory paragraph, he was blunt:
He noted that Congress had explicitly not included in the FAA the language it normally used to apply to all commerce, leading him to doubt that the arbitration clause in the consulting agreement was covered by it. Nor did the Act provide as clear an answer as the majority claimed as to what sort of challenges to the formation or execution of the contract might necessarily be first heard by a court. And lastly the majority had not provided sufficient justification for its reading of "Bernhardt" and "Erie Railroad". "The Court approves", he protested, "a rule which is not only contrary to state law, but contrary to the intention of the parties and to accepted principles of contract law — a rule which indeed elevates arbitration provisions above all other contractual provisions"
His second and third sections went into great detail about the legislative history of the FAA, quoting from Montana Senator Thomas J. Walsh's statements about it during hearings and those of the American Bar Association's lobbyists, who had helped draft and pass it, suggesting that it was not meant to be interpreted as the majority and the Second Circuit had. He noted that New York's state Arbitration Act, on which the federal law was based, explicitly provided that a claim of misrepresentation in a contract with an arbitration clause was to be heard by a judge. "Thus, 35 years after the passage of the Arbitration Act, the Second Circuit completely rewrote it", in "Robert Lawrence", whose reasoning the Court was now accepting.
"If Prima's allegations are true," Black concluded,"the sum total of what the Court does here is to force Prima to arbitrate a contract which is void and unenforceable before arbitrators who are given the power to make final legal determinations of their own jurisdiction, not even subject to effective review by the highest court in the land."
Legacy.
"Prima Paint" established in federal jurisprudence what became known as the "separability" or "severability" principle in contracts with arbitration clauses, under which a legal fiction is created that the clause itself constitutes a contract separate from the underlying, or "container", contract. This is similar to the principle of "compétence compétence" in international arbitration, under which the arbitrator or arbitrators are presumed competent to decide the limits of their own jurisdiction.
Starting in the mid-1980s, the Court has greatly expanded the reach of "Prima Paint" in later cases. Since some of these have applied to the expanded use of arbitration clauses in contracts of adhesion between companies and consumers, some consumer advocates and legal scholars have criticized the decision as the inadvertent opening wedge of an assault on the right to litigate, and a weakening of state contract law and the "Erie Railroad" principle of deference to state common law. Defenders of the decision have responded that it simply began bringing the U.S. more in line with international arbitration practice, helping American companies compete in a global economy. One, Alan Rau, has also argued that it is justified not just by the Arbitration Act but by general principles of contract law.
Subsequent jurisprudence.
The Court would not consider a case involving the FAA for another 17 years. When it did, in "Southland Corp. v. Keating", then-Chief Justice Warren Burger wrote for a 7-2 majority that not only upheld "Prima Paint" but held that the law applied to arbitration clauses in contracts executed under state law as well. Justices Rehnquist and O'Connor dissented, as they would in subsequent cases where the court upheld that decision.
That increased the use of such clauses, as well as legal challenges to them. In the 1990s and 2000s (decade), the Court has compelled arbitration even when the time frame to raise a claim is alleged to have lapsed, the contract has been alleged to be illegal under state law or where state law vested dispute resolution authority in a state agency. Clarence Thomas was the lone dissenter from these two opinions, believing as Rehnquist and O'Connor did that the FAA does not apply to contracts executed under state law. 
When it comes to contracts where one party disputed whether it had been properly formed, rather than the validity of a formed contract, the Court has been willing to let a court decide the issue. Justice Stephen Breyer wrote for a unanimous court in "First Options v. Kaplan" that upheld a district-court decision reversing an arbitration award where it was not clear that the respondents had agreed to submit the arbitrability of the question to the arbitrator.
Commentary and criticism.
"Prima Paint" attracted little analysis and commentary in its time, but as it became the foundation for the Court's expansion of the scope of the Arbitration Act and its subsequent application to contracts between consumers and businesses as well as among businesses, its reasoning has been the subject of more legal papers. Critics have reiterated Black's concerns in focusing on how the later decisions have exposed fundamental flaws in "Prima Paint", while defenders have found them to reinforce its fundamental soundness.
Labor lawyer Zeb-Michael Curtin of the Minneapolis firm Dorsey & Whitney says the Court "muddied the clear language of FAA" and "enabled results contrary to the intentions of the framers of the FAA" by embracing the separability doctrine. Richard Barnes of the University of Mississippi has argued that, contrary to Fortas's assertions, "Prima Paint" and its progeny have created fundamental problems with the "Erie Railroad" doctrine. "The FAA has become a substantive rule of a federal common law applied in virtually all settings and levels of the state and federal systems", he says.
Richard Reuben of Missouri law school, a longtime critic of mandatory arbitration, calls "Prima Paint"'s adoption of the separability doctrine "a perhaps unparalleled display of judicial sophistry". He fears it can have negative conseuqences for society as a whole: "By denying citizens the right to a day in court, arbitration imposed through mandatory processes and separability fosters cynicism and distrust in the rule of law, undermining its legitimacy."
Defenders of the decision and separability have said that it is necessary for arbitration clauses to have any force, otherwise parties would be able to avoid them too easily by filing suits on any number of grounds. Those whose practice involves arbitrating disputes that are international in scope have credited it with bringing U.S. arbitration law closer to European norms, helping American companies compete and making the U.S. a viable venue for arbitration.
In several papers, Alan Scott Rau of the University of Texas law school has gone to a greater extent than Fortas did in grounding "Prima Paint" and the separability doctrine. He notes that challenges to the arbitration clause are often inseparable from the underlying claim, and that some public policy objectives may be better served by allowing the case to be heard by an arbitrator first. Conversely, he also notes that some challenges to a contract's formation necessarily include a challenge to the arbitration clause in any event, contrary to some recent lower-court decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="20131630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131630" title="Sixth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila">
Sixth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila

The Sixth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila "(VI Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Coahuila's Sixth District covers the northern half of the municipality of Torreón.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Torreón.

</doc>
<doc id="20131648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131648" title="Acer Extensa">
Acer Extensa

Acer Extensa series is a line of Acer laptops designed for office and business users. Its competitors include the Dell Vostro and Latitude lines and Lenovo ThinkPad laptops. The Extensa series includes several notebooks with different design, performance and functionality. The Extensa name was previously used by Texas Instruments, which sold its mobile computing division to Acer in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20131671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131671" title="Telmatherium">
Telmatherium

Telmatherium is a genus of a North American Brontothere. It stood tall. It lived during the Eocene epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="20131675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131675" title="VKG">
VKG

VKG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20131696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131696" title="Grevillea oldei">
Grevillea oldei

Grevillea oldei is a shrub which is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.
It grows to between 0.4 and 1.2 metres high. The leaves are 1 to 3.5 cm long, and 1.5 to 6 mm wide and often have sharply pointed tips. Flowers appear between June and February (early winter to late summer) in its native range. These have red perianths and styles. 
"Grevillea oldei" occurs in eucalypt woodland or heath between Mangrove Mountain and Woy Woy. 
The species was first formally described in 1986 by Donald McGillivray. The name honours Peter Olde. Prior to the species being described, plants of this species were identified as either "Grevillea trinervis" or "Grevillea capitellata".

</doc>
<doc id="20131707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131707" title="Yusuke Igawa">
Yusuke Igawa

Career statistics.
Last update: 19 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20131722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131722" title="Humberto Roque Villanueva">
Humberto Roque Villanueva

Humberto Roque Villanueva (born 16 November 1943) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Partido Revolucionario Institucional (PRI).
He is a native of Torreón, Coahuila.
He has served as the president of the PRI, a senator for Coahuila, and in the federal Chamber of Deputies, representing Coahuila's Sixth District from 1988 to 1991.
He fought the PRI's presidential primary in 1999, seeking his party's nomination for the 2000 presidential election, but lost to Francisco Labastida Ochoa.

</doc>
<doc id="20131738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131738" title="Pedro Quiñónez">
Pedro Quiñónez

Pedro Ángel Quiñónez Rodríguez (born March 4, 1986) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays for Emelec.
Club career.
Quiñónez signed with El Nacional at the age of 16. He played for the U-16, U-18, and U-20 team before finally getting a senior team cap in 2004. He played at both the senior level and Sub 20 level in 2005, after which he became a full senior team member. In 2005 and 2006, he helped El Nacional win two national championships, tying the club as the most successful team in Ecuador. He is a starting key player and due to his solid performances he was called up to the national team. He can play in many midfield positions as a good option for players needed for a position needed.
On December 12, 2008, Quiñónez signed with Primera Division de Mexico's Santos Laguna from Torreón, Coahuila, for an undisclosed amount.
On January 14, 2010, Quiñónez was transferred on a loan with an option to buy to Ecuadorian giants Emelec. He became a fundamental part of the team during the 2010 season, and his loan was extended until late 2011. On November 2011, Quiñónez was finally bought by Emelec, after paying the transfer to Santos Laguna.
International career.
In 2007 he was called up to play in the Copa America 2007 to replace the injured Luis Caicedo, although he was called up he was a non playing member for Ecuador. He played against Mexico on November 12, 2008 in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20131755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131755" title="Yusuke Tasaka">
Yusuke Tasaka

Career.
Tasaka began his career with hometown side Sanfrecce Hiroshima. He was a regular in the academy sides and won the 2003 J-League Youth Cup alongside the likes of Yojiro Takahagi and Issei Takayanagi. After graduating high school Tasaka received an offer from first team, but he decided to continue his study and play football at the Aoyama Gakuin University.
Upon graduating university Tasaka joined Kawasaki Frontale in 2007 and inherited jersey number 6. He made his J-League debut in a 4-0 defeat against Kashiwa Reysol on 23 September 2007.
Tasaka left Kawasaki to sign for VfL Bochum on 24 July 2012. He made his Bochum debut against Dynamo Dresden in the 2. Bundesliga on 12 August 2012.
Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Emperor's Cup and DFB-Pokal.
2Includes J. League Cup.
3Includes AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="20131756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131756" title="Travis Smith (baseball)">
Travis Smith (baseball)

Travis William Smith (born November 7, 1972 in Springfield, Oregon) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched five seasons in Major League Baseball for the Milwaukee Brewers, St. Louis Cardinals, Atlanta Braves, and Florida Marlins. He also pitched one season for the SK Wyverns of the Korea Baseball Organization.
Smith played college baseball for the Texas Tech Red Raiders. He retired in 2007, while pitching for the Los Angeles Dodgers' Triple-A affiliate, the Las Vegas 51s.

</doc>
<doc id="20131763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131763" title="Cycloteuthis">
Cycloteuthis

Cycloteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. It is distinguished from the genus "Discoteuthis" by the presence of a tail on the mantle. The species "C. akimushkini" is currently considered a junior synonym of "C. sirventi", however this is inconclusive.

</doc>
<doc id="20131767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131767" title="USS Wampatuck (YT-337)">
USS Wampatuck (YT-337)

USS "Wampatuck" (YT-337) later YTB-337 was United States Navy harbor tug in commission from 1942 to 1946.
"Wampatuck" was built as the commercial wooden-hulled, single-screw, steam harbor tug SS "Sea Ranger" at Oakland, California, by W. F. Stone and Son. She was completed in May 1921.
She was acquired by the U.S. Navy for World War II service under a bareboat charter from the Foss Launch and Tug Company of San Francisco, California, on 28 October 1942 and commissioned as harbor tug USS "Wampatuck" (YT-337). Placed in service at Pearl Harbor, Territory of Hawaii, on 22 December 1942, she served as a harbor tug and performed tow services through the 15 August 1945 end of hostilities with Japan.
During her tour of duty at Pearl Harbor, she was reclassified as a large harbor tug and simultaneously redesignated YTB-337 on 15 May 1944.
Shifting to the United States West Coast after the war, "Wampatuck" was decommissioned at San Francisco on 6 May 1946. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 21 May 1946. She soon returned to her civilian name SS "Sea Ranger".
Transferred to the Maritime Commission at Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo, California, on 16 August 1946, "Sea Ranger" was subsequently assigned to the National Defense Reserve Fleet and laid up at Suisun Bay, Benicia, California on 31 March 1948. She remained there until her name disappeared from the merchant shipping registers in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20131780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131780" title="Seventh Federal Electoral District of Coahuila">
Seventh Federal Electoral District of Coahuila

The Seventh Federal Electoral District of Coahuila "(VII Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Coahuila's Sixth District covers the western half of the municipality of Saltillo.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Saltillo.

</doc>
<doc id="20131797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131797" title="Russian submarine Nerpa (K-152)">
Russian submarine Nerpa (K-152)

The INS "Chakra" is a Project 971 (or Project 518; NATO: ) nuclear-powered attack submarine. Construction was started in 1993, but suspended due to lack of funding. The Indian Navy sponsored the building and sea trials of the submarine provided it was given to the Indian Navy on lease for 10 years. It was launched as the "K-152 Nerpa" in October 2008 and entered service with the Russian Navy in late 2009. The submarine was leased to the Indian Navy in 2011 after extensive trials, and was formally commissioned into service as the INS "Chakra" II at a ceremony in Visakhapatnam on 4 April 2012. The INS "Chakra" joins the Eastern Naval Command at Visakhapatnam.
While "K-152 Nerpa" was undergoing sea trials in the Sea of Japan on 8 November 2008, a fire suppression system was accidentally initiated. The accident killed 20 civilian specialists and navy crew members and injured 21 others.
Construction.
The "Nerpa" was laid down at the Komsomolsk-on-Amur shipyard in 1993, but its completion was delayed for nearly a decade due to a lack of funds caused by the economic crisis of the early 1990s. The partly constructed vessel was mothballed until 2004, when Rosprom (the Federal Agency for Industry) signed an agreement with the Indian government to complete the submarine and lease it to the Indian Navy. The vessel was intended to be completed by 2007, but underwent further delays. In 2007, it was transferred to the Vostok shipyard in the closed city of Bolshoy Kamen, Primorsky Krai, for fitting-out. It was launched in October 2008 for sea trials, following which it was due to be handed over to the Russian Defence Ministry. Reports in the Indian media suggest that the resumption of construction was underwritten with Indian funding.
The standards of the vessel's construction were criticised by several commentators. Alexander Golts, defence editor of the "Yezhednevny Zhurnal" newspaper, said that in the 1980s, the Amur shipyard turned out submarines "one after another, like pancakes," but from 1993 to 2008 had produced just one. "The old specialists had left, and the new ones lacked professionalism." An unnamed worker at the Amur shipyard told "Komsomolskaya Pravda" that there were "questions about the quality of the metal that was used in building the nuclear submarine", some of which had been bought from China, and alleged that "when the first trials of the submarine were carried out water was leaking in between the seams! So it is not surprising that the work dragged on."
During May 2009, the repairs were reported to be almost complete and new sea trials were planned for 15–20 June. By October 2009, the work had still not been completed due to the shipyard's electrical supply having been disconnected. Nikolai Povzyk, the head of the shipyard, complained they had not been paid the 1.9 billion roubles (63.8 million dollars) owed for the work carried out on the Nerpa.
Lease to India.
, Russia had an agreement pending with India worth US$2 billion for the lease of "Nerpa" and another Project 971 Shchuka-B class submarine. Of this, "K-152 Nerpa" will be leased for 10 years to India at an estimated cost of US$670 million. The submarine was handed over to India on 30 December 2011. After being handed over to the Indian Navy, it was commissioned as INS "Chakra". "Nerpa" is the Russian word for the Baikal seal, and "Chakra" is a wheel or a disc.
Indian naval crews earlier trained to operate the submarine near St. Petersburg and another group of sailors was expected to arrive in Vladivostok in late 2008 for sea trials. The training of the crew was viewed as crucial to India's own nuclear submarine program, known as the Arihant class submarine.
After the 2008 accident, there were conflicting reports over the status of the lease. A Russian defence industry official denied that talks had been held with India on the delivery of the nuclear submarine. "Russia did not launch talks on a contract to supply India with the Nerpa nuclear-powered submarine." General of the Army Nikolai Marakov stated that Russia would commission the "Nerpa" and that it would join seven other in Russia's Pacific Fleet. "The sum of $650–780 million, which Rosoboron export and the Amur Shipbuilding Plant had negotiated over a long period of time with the Indian Ministry of Defence, will now be found in Russia," he said.
In May 2009, both Russian and Indian defence officials confirmed that the "Nerpa" would be joining the Indian Navy by the end of 2009, after Russian President Vladimir Putin visited the yard and announced an immediate release of 1.2 billion roubles for the submarine's construction.
On 28 December 2009, Nerpa was commissioned and joined the Russian Navy. The submarine underwent further adjustments in February 2010. By August 2010, Russia was training a crew from the Indian Navy to sail the ship to India in fulfilment of the lease agreement. INS "Chakra" was expected to be commissioned into the Indian Navy before October 2011.
On 1 July 2011, Russian Navy chief Admiral Vladimir Vysotsky has been quoted as holding that "the Indian crew is now absolutely prepared for operating the submarine", which will be on a 10-year lease.
On 23 January 2012, the home voyage under Indian control from the Russian port of Vladivostok to its Indian base Visakhapatnam, commenced. Official Russian announcement of the transfer was still pending at that time.
The similarly named "Chakra" was a Charlie I-class submarine leased by India from Russia 1988–1992.
INS "Chakra" was officially inducted into the Indian Navy on 4 April 2012.
2008 accident.
An accident occurred aboard "K-152 Nerpa" at 8:30 PM local time on 8 November 2008, during an underwater test run in the Pacific Ocean. A total of 208 people – 81 military personnel and 127 civilians – were on board at the time of the accident. At least 20 people were killed by asphyxiation and at least 21 more were injured, marking the worst Russian submarine disaster since the "Kursk" sank in 2000. Three of the dead were military personnel and the rest were civilians from the Vostok, Zvezda, Era and Amur shipbuilding yards who were members of the acceptance team.
The incident involved the accidental triggering of a fire extinguishing system which sealed two forward compartments and released freon R-114B2 (dibromotetrafluoroethane) gas into them. According to survivors, those affected by the gas release were caught off guard and may not have been alerted in time due to warning sirens sounding only after the gas had already begun pouring in. Some of the victims were reported to have been unable to turn on breathing kits before they suffocated.
On 10 November, a Russian Navy statement blamed the disaster on an "unsanctioned operation" of the fire suppression system aboard the "Nerpa". Preliminary investigations concluded that the system had triggered automatically without human intervention. On 13 November, naval investigators announced that a crewman had turned on the system "without permission or any particular grounds".

</doc>
<doc id="20131798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131798" title="Masaru Kurotsu">
Masaru Kurotsu

Playing Style.
He can run and dribble very fast and Agilely. Once he start running, no one can prevent him easily. Besides,He is a strong shooter. However, He often mistakes in easy shooting.
Career statistics.
Last update: 23 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20131817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131817" title="Wampatuck">
Wampatuck

Wampatuck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20131832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131832" title="Charlotte Swenson Memorial Bible Training School">
Charlotte Swenson Memorial Bible Training School

Charlotte Swenson Memorial Bible Training School (CSMBTS) was started on 8 July 1926 in Rajahmundry, a town in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Background.
Blenda Charlotte Swenson a graduate of Bethany College (Lindsborg, Kansas) was deputed by the Lutheran Mission Board to go out to India as a Zenana Sister. During her work in India at Rajahmundry, she envisioned the establishment of a Bible Training School for Christian women where they would be prepared as teachers of the Bible in Hindu homes.
Administration.
The present Principal of this School is Rev. B. Subhashini.

</doc>
<doc id="20131840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131840" title="Oscar Monthan">
Oscar Monthan

Oscar Monthan (1885–1924) was an aeronautical engineer.
Biography.
Born in Dewsbury, England, Oscar Monthan moved with his family to Canada and then, in 1900, to Arizona, the United States. The Monthan Family ranched along the Tanque Verde River until 1915 when they purchased a ranch in Vail, Arizona along the Cienega Creek. There the family diverted water from the creek to create a lake for irrigation. The ranch was later known as Rancho De Lago.
When the U.S. entered World War I in 1917, Oscar and two of his brothers; Eric and Carl, enlisted in the Army Air Corps.
In 1918, Oscar graduated from the Boston School of Technology and also received his pilot's wings that year. In 1920, he became the Chief Engineer at Rockwell Field in San Diego, California. By 1921, Oscar was involved in the latest advances in Aeronautical Engineering in Dayton, Ohio. In 1922, he was in charge of the Air Corps Engineering School at McCook Field in Dayton, Ohio. In these early years of the Army Air Corps (according to the History of the 8th Air Force, July–December 1948) Lt. Oscar Monthan was known as one of the best and foremost engineers. During this time he became acquainted with General Billy Mitchell. According to Oscar’s brother, Guy Monthan, who passed the family history on to his son George, General Mitchell and Oscar enjoyed fishing together on the lake at the Monthan ranch when they were on leave.
In 1922, Oscar married Mae Pouqette. At the time, Mae was an Army nurse. In 1923, Oscar was Chief Engineer at Luke Field in Hawaii near Honolulu. It was also about the same time General Mitchell was reassigned to the territory of Hawaii. At this time Oscar was considered one of the Army’s finest aeronautical engineers and was a founding member of the Order of the Daedaleans. On March 27, 1924 Oscar and four other airmen died in the crash of their Martin B2 (NBS-1) bomber while on a training mission. Only 15 of these bombers were made by the Army for Night Bombardment-Short Distance. It was also the bomber that General Mitchell used in the flying out of Langley Field Virginia in 1921. These Martin Bombers sank a destroyer, cruiser and a battleship to prove air power's worth in aerial bombardment.
A street on Hickam Air Force Base in Honolulu, Hawaii is named “Monthan Street,” in honor of Oscar Monthan.
On September 23, 1927 Charles Lindbergh dedicated Davis-Monthan Air Field (now Air Force Base) in Tucson, in honor of Lt. Samuel Davis and Lt. Oscar Monthan. Oscar Monthan is buried in Tucson, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20131854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131854" title="2008 Vladikavkaz bombing">
2008 Vladikavkaz bombing

The 2008 Vladikavkaz bombing took place on a routed taxicab, which was unloading passengers at a market in Vladikavkaz, North Ossetia, Russia on November 6, 2008 killing 12 and injuring 41. The bombing was committed by female suicide bomber.

</doc>
<doc id="20131920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131920" title="Get Medieval">
Get Medieval

Get Medieval is an action game developed and published by Monolith Productions for the PC in 1998.
Gameplay.
"Get Medieval" is an overhead shooter in which the player can control one of four characters in a dungeon, players can find Attack and Defense Upgrades, once you die you lose these upgrades. Also it can be played in 3 modes, Dragon Quest, Random Dungeon, or Custom Dungeon, and 4 difficulties Easy, Medium, Hard, Torture Chamber, it has 40 levels, and 20 types of enemies. This gameplay is almost identical to that of Atari's arcade game "Gauntlet".
The Archer (Eryc), The Barbarian (Zared), The Sorceress (Levina), and The Avenger (Kellina) differ only in speed and strength. The slowest character (Zared) is the strongest, the fastest (Eryc) the weakest.
This game comes with a world editor, which allows you to make custom levels, users can do everything that Monolith Games did in their levels.
Reception.
The game received generally above average reviews, citing the improved graphics over "Gauntlet". IGN complimented the game's presentation, but felt that the humor in the game was overdone. "GamePro" noted the game's similarity to "Gauntlet", but praised the game's sound effects and overall look. GameSpot writes, "One fact will immediately become apparent when playing "Get Medieval": This game is "Gauntlet".

</doc>
<doc id="20131927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131927" title="Kosuke Kikuchi">
Kosuke Kikuchi

Career statistics.
Last update: 23 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20131929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131929" title="Wompatuck">
Wompatuck

Wompatuck (died 1669), known to English settlers as Josiah Sagamore, was a leader of the Mattakeesett tribe of the Massachusetts Indians.
Wompatuck was an early friend of European settlers. He sold the British the land upon which the city of Boston, Massachusetts, was established. He was slain in 1669 when he led a force of his warriors in an attack upon the Mohawks.
Namesake.
The United States Navy harbor tug USS "Wampatuck" (YT-337), later YTB-337, in commission from 1942 to 1946, was named for him.
Wompatuck State Park- Located in Hingham, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20131949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131949" title="Kabhie To Nazar Milao">
Kabhie To Nazar Milao

Kabhie To Nazar Milao is an Indian television drama series that premiered on Sony TV on May 15, 2006. The series was produced by the UTV Software Communications, in association with in-house production of Sony Pictures. It is created Anuradha Gakhar & Rajesh Beri any human being. He doesn't realize that the girl with whom he falls in love because of her eyes is unable to see. As story moves on, Karun finds out that Sunaina cannot see; therefore, he decides that he will be her eyesight. Now Sunaina confronts all adversities of life with the help of Karun, but she doesn't realize that being too much dependent on someone can be sorrowful. 

</doc>
<doc id="20131965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20131965" title="Tomonobu Yokoyama">
Tomonobu Yokoyama

Career statistics.
Last update: 23 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20132000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132000" title="DXRR (Nasipit)">
DXRR (Nasipit)

DXRR FM NASIPIT, branded as Radyo Serbisyo 93.5, is an independent FM station based in Nasipit, Agusan del Norte in the Philippines. The station's studio is located at the 2nd Floor VHAO Building, along Jose Rizal Street,Nasipit, Agusan del Norte, and its transmitter is located at Brgy 3, Nasipit, Agusan del Norte, Philippines.
Radyo Serbisyo 93.5 Nasipit is clearly heard within the 19 barangays of Nasipit while some parts of Carmen, Agusan del Norte reported also that they can hear the station but not so clear.
Formerly owned by Manila Broadcasting Company, it was formerly called Hot FM from its inception in 2001 until 2013, when Station manager Ronald Timogan & company bought the station.
The station broadcasts at 5:00 in the morning until 6:00 in the evening.

</doc>
<doc id="20132006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132006" title="Henry Patta">
Henry Patta

Henry Leonel Patta Quintero (born January 14, 1987) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Club Social, Cultural y Deportivo Grecia in Ecuador's Serie B.
Career.
Patta began his football career playing for the youth side of El Nacional. He played for Sociedad Deportiva Aucas in Ecuador's Serie B during 2007, when he was the club's second leading scorer, notching eight goals. Patta returned to El Nacional and began playing for the senior side in Ecuador's Serie A during 2008 and 2009. He was included in El Nacional's squad list for the 2009 Copa Libertadores.
Patta's brother Elvis is also a professional footballer who plays for El Nacional.

</doc>
<doc id="20132021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132021" title="Yusuke Mori">
Yusuke Mori

Career statistics.
Last update: 23 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20132029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132029" title="Stadthuys">
Stadthuys

The Stadthuys (an old Dutch spelling, meaning city hall ), also known as the Red Square, is a historical structure situated in the heart of Malacca Town, the administrative capital of the state of Malacca, Malaysia. It was built by the Dutch occupants in 1650 as the office of the Dutch Governor and Deputy Governor.
When Malacca was handed over to the British in the 19th century, the Malacca Free School was opened in the vicinity of the Stadthuys on 7 December 1826, by missionaries residing in the state, in response to a letter dated 19 April 1825, signed by a J. Humprey, J. W. Overee and A. W. Baumgarten, which called for an English institutional education to be built in Malacca. The school which the British provided free education to residents was eventually renamed Malacca High School in 1871 upon a takeover by the British government, and moved out to its present site at Chan Koon Cheng Road in 1931.
Situated at Laksamana Road, beside the Christ Church, the supposed oldest remaining Dutch historical building in the Orient, is now the home of a Museum of History and Ethnography. Among the displays in the museum are traditional costumes and artefacts throughout the history of Malacca, which makes it Malacca's premier museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20132085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132085" title="Waiting for the Day">
Waiting for the Day

Waiting for the Day is the first album by Australian band Bachelor Girl, released in Australia through Gotham Records on 9 November 1998 (see 1998 in music). The album charted in the top twenty on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and is the band's highest selling album. The album yielded five singles; "Buses and Trains", "Treat Me Good", "Lucky Me", "Blown Away" and "Permission to Shine".
Commercial performance and reception.
"Waiting for the Day" was commercially successful in Australia, reaching the top twenty on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and receiving one ARIA Award with five nominations. In mid November 1998, it debuted at number twenty-one on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart. On the album's second chart week, it move up one spot to its peak chart position of twenty. The album went to spend nine months in the top fifty, reentering the chart four times, spending a total of thirty-six weeks on the chart. The Australian Recording Industry Association awarded the album a platinum certification for shipping 70,000 copies. It also sold enough copies to become the eighty-eighth highest selling album in Australia for 1998 and the ninety-ninth for 2000.
The album and its tracks received five ARIA Award nominations. One of the ARIA Awards were at the 1998 awards and four were at the 1999 awards:
The nominations for the 1999 ARIA Awards were announced in September 1999, the album was nominated for four awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20132086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132086" title="Women in Congress">
Women in Congress

Women in Congress may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20132094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132094" title="Stéphanie Moisdon">
Stéphanie Moisdon

Stéphanie Moisdon (born 1967) is a French curator and art critic. She was co-curator of the exhibition "Présumés Innocents" in Bordeaux, 2000; "Manifesta 4" in Frankfurt, 2001; and "Before the End" at Consortium, Dijon, 2004. She is co-founder of the BDV (Bureau des vidéos), chief editor of "Frog" magazine. She is Head of the Masters Programme in Fine Art at the École cantonale d'art de Lausanne (ECAL) in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In 2002 her eponymous collection of texts and interviews was published including texts concerning John Armleder, Mehdi Belhaj Kacem, Henry Bond, Guy Debord, Jean-Luc Godard, Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster, Douglas Gordon, Carsten Höller, Michel Houellebecq, Pierre Huyghe, Jacques Lacan, Jean-François Lyotard, Olivier Mosset, Philippe Parreno, and Andy Warhol.
She has promoted French contemporary art internationally, in particular many of those associated with Relational Art.

</doc>
<doc id="20132097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132097" title="Yuji Yabu">
Yuji Yabu


</doc>
<doc id="20132118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132118" title="Morella's Forest">
Morella's Forest

Morella's Forest was a band from Dayton, Ohio which formed in 1992. They released three albums on Tooth and Nail Records and one with an independent label. Their signature sound is noise pop or space music comparable to Starflyer 59 or The Breeders.
Background.
Before signing to Tooth and Nail, Morella's Forest produced two works - a demo called "Bass", and an EP entitled "Bozur". Their 1995 debut, "Superdeluxe", was produced by Steve Hindalong (The Choir) and Chris Colbert (Fluffy). Its sound was characteristic of 1980s style new wave or 1990s shoegazing. Sonically it featured noisy, "dreamy, hypnotic" melodies, and featured Bill Campbell of The Throes as a guest. Morella's Forest appeared on the cover of "7ball" magazine in September, 1996. "Ultraphonic Hiss" and "From Dayton With Love" were produced by Keith Cleversley. "Ultraphonic" features a sound which moves the band slightly away from the noise of their debut. "Dayton" features some electronic elements - keyboard and drum machine - and moves their sound to an even more sugary guitar based pop sound, which one reviewer referred to as "space age garage pop." Some found this sound to be lacking of "solid melodies," while others found the voice of Sydney Rentz layered over the background lively and fluid.
The band struggled with the Christian music marketplace, finding the struggle between artistic integrity and profitability hard to maintain. After a half-cancelled tour in 1996 the band reported that although they were still "100% about fashion" they would direct their efforts toward the general market and emphesise a radio friendly sound. They told "7ball" magazine that the only way to make money was to be like dc Talk or Audio Adrenaline, and as for themselves "We don't want to be some innovative, cool band that's doing something really weird for the Christian market."
Following their 1998 release drummer Nate McCorkle left to join the Christian rock band Johnny Q. Public. The band went through several drummers and played Cornerstone sporadically, but did not generally tour. In 2002 produced an album entitled "Tiny Lights of Heaven". On this album the writing responsibilities were taken by Shawn Johnson instead of long-standing writer Sydney Rentz. With production help from Jesse Sprinkle their music departs a bit from their signature sound, taking a lighter and more indie pop influenced, radio friendly tone.
References.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20132131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132131" title="John Michael Cummings">
John Michael Cummings

John Michael Cummings (born 1963 in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia) is an American short story writer and novelist. His short stories have appeared in more than seventy-five literary journals, including "North American Review, Alaska Quarterly Review, The Chattahoochee Review, The Kenyon Review", and "The Iowa Review". Twice he has been nominated for The Pushcart Prize. His short story "The Scratchboard Project" received an honorable mention in The Best American Short Stories 2007.
Cummings lives in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20132133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132133" title="Parliament's Greatest Hits">
Parliament's Greatest Hits

"Parliament's Greatest Hits" is a 1984 compilation album by the American Funk band Parliament. The album was released by Casablanca Records after the label was bought out by Polygram Records (now Universal Music). The album was the first to compile all of Parliament's biggest hits released between 1974 and 1980. The album does omit the singles that were featured on the band's last album "Trombipulation". 
The album cover for "Parliament's Greatest Hits" is notable in that it features no artwork from any of the established P-Funk album illustrators. The compilation was produced by Tom Vickers, who formerly served as Minister Of Information for the band from 1976 to 1980. It was the last P-Funk album to be certified gold (500,000 copies sold). The album was the first Parliament album to be released in the compact disc format.

</doc>
<doc id="20132141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132141" title="Shinya Yoshihara">
Shinya Yoshihara

He is married to Yukari Yoshihara.
Career History.
When Yoshihara was in junior high school, he received a recommendation from his former teacher to play football at Ibaraki Prefectural Hitachi Technical High School, one of the most competitive teams in the prefecture. He played as a regular member from his first year on the team and contributed to leading his school to the All Japan High School Soccer Tournament. In his second and third years, Yoshihara was selected as a Kanto region all-star member as well as an all-Japan member for the U-18 division. He played with Takayuki Suzuki, two years his senior.
Following his graduation, Yoshihara began his professional career playing for Yokohama Marinos (currently Yokohama F. Marinos), however, chances to play were scarce as Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi was appointed the primary goalkeeper at the time. In 1999, Yoshihara was loaned to Albirex Niigata, a J League second-division club, where he was called to the starting lineup in the season-opening match. His amazing saves led the team to seven consecutive winning matches. In 2000, Yoshihara made appearances as a spokesperson in advertisements for Join and Toyopet Niigata which gained him recognition as a popular public figure in Niigata. 
After Yoshihara returned to Yokohama F. Marinos in 2001, he made a permanent move to Kawasaki Frontale in midseason where he became the regular goalkeeper in 2003. He played in 44 full matches this season. The following year, he maintained a record of seven consecutive scoreless matches which greatly contributed to Kawasaki Frontale’s promotion to J League Division One, during which he established his position as an indispensable goalkeeper for the team. 
In 2005, an injury prevented him from being called to the starting lineup in the season-opening match, yet he made his appearance from the game against Tokyo Verdy on and contributed to stopping the team from repetitive defeats. Yoshihara’s position was taken by teammate Takashi Aizawain midseason. However, at the end of 2006, during which Kawasaki Frontale was in close proximity to winning the championship, Yoshihara secured his primary position once again in the match against Sanfrecce Hiroshima. Although Kawasaki Frontale lost the championship, Yoshihara was one of the leading players in guiding the team to second place in J League Division One, which qualified the team for the AFC Champions League. 
In 2007, Yoshihara signed a loan deal with Tokyo Verdy. The team’s losing streaks early in the season gained him chances to play, during which he rebuilt the defense line and put the team back on track. His position as the regular goalkeeper seemed promising, yet, Yoshihara was injured during a match against Sagan Tosu on July 1 in the 25th section, damaging his left knee posterior cruciate ligament. The injury took him out of action for 9 weeks, preventing Yoshihara from playing for the rest of the season. Tokyo Verdy was promoted to J1 that year.
After his loan season at Tokyo Verdy, Yoshihara returned to Kawasaki Frontale in 2008. However, with his repeated injuries and with National Team member Eiji Kawashima’s addition to the team, Yoshihara was only able to play one match in the Nabisco Cup.
In 2009, Yoshihara moved to Jubilo Iwata on a season-long loan. He made his debut in the third round of the Emperor’s Cup followed by a match against Vissel Kobe in J1’s final section. 
In 2010 he joined Kashiwa Reysol but on July 14th, he announced his retirement from professional football.
Characteristics.
•Although Yoshihara has had experience playing a full season, he was one of the rare super-sub goalkeepers.
•Yoshihara is fluent in Korean. He was close to Jubilo Iwata’s Korean striker Lee Keun-Ho and to Kawasaki Frontale’s North Korean striker Chong Tese.

</doc>
<doc id="20132142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132142" title="Enos T. Hotchkiss">
Enos T. Hotchkiss

Enos T. Hotchkiss (March 29, 1832 - January 20, 1900) was credited as being the founder of both Lake City, Colorado and Hotchkiss, Colorado. He is buried in Colona Cematary, Colona, Colorado. He had nine kids and two wives. 

</doc>
<doc id="20132186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132186" title="First Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo">
First Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo

The First Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Quintana Roo)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of three such districts in the state of Quintana Roo.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Quintana Roo's First District covers the municipalities of
Cozumel, Isla Mujeres, Lázaro Cárdenas, Solidaridad, Tulum and non-urban area of the municipality of Benito Juárez (i.e., excluding the city and resort of Cancún).
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Playa del Carmen.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the First District's territory was the same as at present, except that in included the entirety of Benito Juárez, including the city and resort of Cancún. Cancún also served as the district's head town for vote-collecting purposes.
Prior to 1975.
Quintana Roo was admitted to the union on 8 October 1975. Prior to that, as a federal territory, it was assigned only one seat in the Chamber of Deputies: for the First District. The Second District was created upon statehood in 1975, halving the territory of the First District.

</doc>
<doc id="20132227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132227" title="Austin Station">
Austin Station

Austin Station can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20132241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132241" title="Patrick Tirano">
Patrick Tirano

Patrick Darroles Tirano, best known simply as "Pat Tirano", is a Filipino musician, sound engineer and producer. He plays music with numerous acts in the Philippine music scene, including Monkeyspank, Archipelago, Soaked in Scissors, and TOI. As a producer, his most notable works include albums by Sponge Cola, Mayonnaise, cover me quick/!\, and Pupil's ""Beautiful Machines"" album, for which he was nominated as "Producer of the Year" in the 2006 NU Rock Awards.
TOI and other projects.
In 2007, Patrick Tirano, singer/writer/host Pauline Diaz, and interior designer/visual artist, Mei Tayengco collaborated to form the project TOI, calling it a "plaything created by three minds". Tayengco acted as manager, Tirano did guitars and Diaz supplied the vocals. 
Writer Gabrielle De La Rama-Talan, called TOI's music ""a compelling, strange and heady mix of blues and jazz."" All of the duo's collaboration efforts took place in Wombworks, a record studio founded by bassist Louie Talan, where TOI recorded the album ""Fortune’s Fool""
Tirano and Diaz eventually got Salamin bassist Miks Bersales and drummer Archie Asistores, and became Toi's "The Goonies". The foursome began to draw the attention of indie fans, while playing actively in local bars like Route 196, Saguijo, Magnet, and 70’s Bistro. Soon, the new band recorded a live session at Wombworks aptly called ""Toi and The Goonies Live @ The Womb"".
In 2008, Tirano became busy engineering and producing Sponge Cola's third record. He is also still currently working with his bands Monkeyspank, TOI and Archipelago in doing other producing stints.

</doc>
<doc id="20132296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132296" title="Lab rat (disambiguation)">
Lab rat (disambiguation)

A laboratory rat is a rat of the species "Rattus norvegicus" which is bred and kept for scientific research.
Labrat, lab rat, or lab rats may also refer to:
In media:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20132299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132299" title="Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987">
Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987

Finland was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, held in Brussels, Belgium. The Finnish national final to select their entry was held on 21 February at the YLE Studios in Helsinki. Hosting the final were two previous Finnish Eurovision entrants, Laila Halme and Lasse Mårtenson. For the first time in three years, a national postcard poll decided the winner.
The winning entry was "Sata salamaa," performed by Virve Rosti and composed by Petri Laaksonen and Veli-Pekka Lehto.
At Eurovision.
Rosti performed eighteenth on the night of the contest, following Cyprus and preceding Denmark. While at Brussels, she was credited as "Vicky Rosti" and performed with the band "Boulevard," neither of which she did at the national final. At the close of the voting it had received 32 points, placing 15th in a record-setting field of 22 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20132304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132304" title="Rixon Corozo">
Rixon Corozo

Rixon Javier Corozo Hurtado (born August 8, 1981) is an Ecuadorian footballer who played for El Nacional and Independiente del Valle.

</doc>
<doc id="20132320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132320" title="Dysfunctional (Bachelor Girl album)">
Dysfunctional (Bachelor Girl album)

"Dysfunctional" is the second studio album by Australian band Bachelor Girl, released in Australia through Gotham Records on 5 August 2002 (see 2002 in music).
Charts.
Single Release's
I'm Just A Girl - The first single released off of 'Dysfunctional', 'Im Just A Girl' was released on 2 July 2002. Only released in Australia, the track became a minor hit on the ARIA Singles Chart, peaking at #25. On the Australian Airplay Charts however, the track did considerably better, reaching #3.
Drowning, Not Waving - The second and final single to be released off of 'Dysfunctional', 'Drowning, Not Waving' was released on 28 October 2002. The single did not fare as well as previous, peaking only at #69 on the Australian Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20132324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132324" title="A Mouthful of Sky">
A Mouthful of Sky

A Mouthful of Sky (1995) was the first serial in English to be produced in India. Aired on the state-owned Doordarshan TV channel and based on the script by Ashok Banker, the serial deals with the lives, loves, ideals and aspirations of the post-independence generation of Indians, people in their mid-thirties who straddle the twin worlds of conventional Indian society as well as the urban westernized ethos. 
Plot.
The basic story is about five MBAs who reunite 13 years after graduation to confront a macabre secret from the past which a group of ruthless enemies use to try to destroy them. Woven into this crime-thriller structure are sub-plots dealing with urban Indians from various communities and their struggle to mix the inherent contradictions of their Indianness with their westernized outlook and language.
The show was directed by: 

</doc>
<doc id="20132343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132343" title="Soft Airplane">
Soft Airplane

Soft Airplane is the third album by Chad VanGaalen, released in 2008 on Flemish Eye and Sub Pop. It was VanGaalen's first album to consist entirely of songs newly recorded for the album; his prior releases compiled tracks from a library of home recordings he had made over a number of years.
The album was shortlisted for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.
Track listing.
All songs written by Chad VanGaalen.

</doc>
<doc id="20132346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132346" title="2003 Molson Indy Montreal">
2003 Molson Indy Montreal

The 2003 Molson Indy Montreal was the fourteenth round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on August 24, 2003 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20132360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132360" title="Harry Smith (athlete)">
Harry Smith (athlete)

Harry J. Smith (July 30, 1888 – November 1961) was an American long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon for the United States at the 1912 Summer Olympics. He finished in 17th place. He was born in The Bronx, New York City, New York, United States. He is the father of Hart wrestling family matriarch Helen Hart.

</doc>
<doc id="20132362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132362" title="Rosdin Wasli">
Rosdin Wasli

Rosdin Wasli (born June 26, 1982 in Petagas, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah) is a Malaysian footballer who play as a defender and midfielder for Sabah FA in Malaysia Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20132366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132366" title="Gustave Huberdeau">
Gustave Huberdeau

Gustave Huberdeau (10 May 1874 – 31 May 1945) was a French operatic bass-baritone who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the first quarter of the twentieth century. He sang a wide repertoire encompassing material from French composers like Gounod and Massenet to the Italian grand operas of Verdi, the verismo operas of Mascagni, and the German operas of Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss. He sang in numerous premieres during his 30 year career, including the original production of Puccini's "La rondine" in 1917. Although possessing a rich and warm voice, Huberdeau had a talent for comedic portrayals which made him a favorite casting choice in secondary comedic roles as well as leading roles. After retiring from opera in 1927, Huberdeau remained active as a performer in stage plays and in French cinema throughout the 1930s.
Opera career.
Huberdeau was born in Paris, studied at the Paris Conservatoire and then made his professional opera début at the Opéra-Comique in 1898. He sang in smaller roles with that theater over the next ten years, which included a number of secondary roles in premières such as Charpentier's "Louise" (1900), Camille Erlanger's "Le Juif polonais", Massenet’s "Grisélidis" (1901), Reynaldo Hahn's "La Carmélite" (1902), Henri Rabaud's "La fille de Roland" (1904), and Guillaume in André Messager's "Fortunio" (1907). In 1908 he joined the roster of Oscar Hammerstein I's Manhattan Opera Company in New York City where he periodically sang leading roles over the next three years. He notably portrayed the Devil in the American première of "Grisélidis" and sang Orestes in the American première of "Elektra" (1910). However, Hammerstein employed Huberdeau more frequently in productions with the Philadelphia Opera Company with which he was highly active between 1909 and 1910.
In 1911 Huberdeau became a member of the Chicago Grand Opera Company, remaining with that company until it closed in 1914. He appeared in several notable productions with the company including the American premiere of Wilhelm Kienzl's "Der Kuhreigen" and the world premiere of Victor Herbert's "Natoma". In 1914 he debuted at England's Royal Opera as a visiting artist, where he sang Méphistophélès from Gounod's "Faust". That same year he returned to France and served in the First World War in the French army.
After being honorably discharged in 1917, Huberdeau joined the Chicago Opera Association where he sang leading roles until 1920. He notably sang in the world premiere of Sylvio Lazzari's "Le Sautériot" (1918), the American premiere of Henry Février's "Gismonda", and the world premiere of Reginald De Koven's "Rip Van Winkle" (1920). In 1917 Huberdeau sang the role of Rambaldo Fernandez in the original production of Puccini's "La rondine" with Opéra de Monte-Carlo. In 1919–1920 he sang with the Beecham Opera in London where he appeared as Méphistophélès, Le Comte des Grieux in Massenet's "Manon", Ramfis in Verdi's "Aida", and Colline in "La Bohème". He also periodically returned to Covent Garden appearing as Arkel and the Father in the British première of Mascagni’s "Iris" (1919) among other roles.
In 1921 Huberdeau returned to France where he continued to sing throughout the 1920s in such cities as Paris, Nice, Monte Carlo, Vichy, and Brussels. He sang a wide repertory, which included everything from lead roles to character roles to mute roles. In 1922 he sang in the world premiere of Massenet's "Amadis". In 1924 he left France for one year to perform in a number of productions in Amsterdam which included Zuniga in Bizet's "Carmen" and Golaud in the Dutch premiere of Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande". In 1927, Huberdeau sang his last season in Monte Carlo, which included a portrayal of Hunding in Wagner's "Die Walküre".
Film and stage career.
After his opera career ended, Huberdeau continued to perform as an actor on the stage in spoken plays and in French films. His first film role was in the 1931 movie "Ronny". His other film appearances include "Boule de gomme" (1931), "Le Million" (1931), "Mistigri" (1931), "La Dame de chez Maxim's" (1932), "Prisonnier de mon coeur" (1932), "Georges et Georgette" (1933), "Les Nuits moscovites" (1934), "Tarass Boulba" (1936), and "À Venise, une nuit" (1937). With the outbreak of World War II, Huberdeau's acting career ended. He died in Paris in 1945.
Recordings.
Huberdeau was among the first generation of musicians to be recorded. He recorded only a few arias around 1910 on Edison cylinder. His recordings show a sturdy voice that is somewhat dry in quality given the limited technology of day.

</doc>
<doc id="20132440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132440" title="Little Bill Clinton">
Little Bill Clinton

"Little Bill Clinton: A School Year in the Life of a New American" is an award-winning, serial, narrative journalism project undertaken by "The Christian Science Monitor" in 2008-2009, as part of the 100-year-old newspaper's historic decision to abandon its daily print edition and shift its reporting energies online. In what industry observers have called "a move that could change storytelling for newspapers," reporter Mary Wiltenburg is spending the year following third-grader and Congolese refugee Bill Clinton Hadam, his family, and his Georgia charter school in a series of articles, blog posts, and multimedia pieces. 
Bill Clinton Hadam was born in a refugee camp in Tanzania. His father, from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, named his son in honor of US president Bill Clinton years before the family was relocated by refugee agencies to Clarkston, Georgia. The challenges they face as they begin their third year in the United States – job shortages, substandard housing, and a missing child – are shared by many families at their sons' innovative charter school. The International Community School, in Decatur, Georgia, was founded seven years ago to build community between its half-refugee, half-US-born student body. This year, a new principal is struggling to keep the young school afloat amid budget cuts, No Child Left Behind Act demands, and increasingly perilous political climate for school choice programs nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20132443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132443" title="E. S. Hoyt House">
E. S. Hoyt House

The E.S. Hoyt House is a historic house in Red Wing, Minnesota, United States, designed by the firm of Purcell & Elmslie and built in 1913. The house is one of their more elaborate designs because its owner had a budget that allowed for lavish decoration. The result is comparable to the William Gray Purcell House and the Edward L. Powers House, both in Minneapolis. The horizontal lines of the Prairie School are more pronounced in this house; they are expressed in the bands of art glass windows on both levels and the cantilevered second story. Its owner, E.S. Hoyt, was the president of the Red Wing Stoneware Company. The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The exterior is clad with brick on the first floor and a reddish stucco on the second floor. The house has ten rooms and about of floor space. It has more than a hundred diamond-paned art glass windows and a considerable amount of sawn wood ornamentation. The second story of the house is cantilevered over the first story, and the reddish stucco prompted neighbors to call it "that Chinese house". The entrance opens into a hallway that leads to a library on the left and a living room on the right. The living room, dining room, and an enclosed porch are all stretched across the front of the house and provide plenty of light through the art glass windows. Several of these windows provide panoramic views of the Mississippi River. The kitchen is located behind the dining room, although it has been remodeled since its original design. The second floor of the house has four bedrooms and two bathrooms, several of which have corner windows that expand the sense of space. The maid's room, over the kitchen, had a separate staircase.

</doc>
<doc id="20132497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132497" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo">
Second Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo

The Second Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Quintana Roo)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of three such districts in the state of Quintana Roo.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Quintana Roo's Second District covers the municipalities of
Othón P. Blanco, Felipe Carrillo Puerto and José María Morelos.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Chetumal.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Second District had exactly the same territory as at present.
Prior to 1975.
Quintana Roo was admitted to the union on 8 October 1975. Prior to that, as a federal territory, it was allowed only one seat in the Chamber of Deputies (for the First District).
The Second District was created upon statehood in 1975, by halving the territory of the First District; it elected its first deputy, to the XLIX Legislature, in a special election.

</doc>
<doc id="20132518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132518" title="Jimmy Jackson (wrestler)">
Jimmy Jackson (wrestler)

James Earl "Jimmy" Jackson (July 28, 1956 – June 17, 2008) was an American freestyle wrestler, who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20132525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132525" title="Gamani Corea">
Gamani Corea

Deshamanya Gamani Corea (4 November 1925 – 3 November 2013) was a Sri Lankan economist, civil servant and diplomat. He was also the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1974 to 1984, Ceylon's Ambassador to the EEC, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Planning and Economic Affairs of Ceylon and the Senior Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Ceylon.
Family.
He was the son of Dr.C.V.S.Corea and Freda Corea, sister of Sir John Kotelawala, Prime Minister of Ceylon. Dr. Gamani Corea's grandfather was the famous freedom fighter from Chilaw, Victor Corea who was a member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon and John Kotelawala Snr.
Education.
Gamani Corea was educated at the prestigious Royal College, Colombo, after which he started his higher education at the University of Ceylon in 1944, before going to study at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and Nuffield College, Oxford from 1945 to 1952. There he obtained two BAs and MAs from both the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge, and afterward a DPhil from Oxford.
He has also received a Doctor (Honoris Causa) from the University of Nice; a DLitt (Hon) from the University of Colombo; and a DSc (Honoris Causa) from the University of Sri Jayewardenepura.
Career.
Corea returned to Ceylon briefly to work as a Research Officer at the Central Bank of Ceylon before leaving for Oxford to do his DPhil. He returned in 1952 to work as an economist and later the Director of Planning Secretariat of the Government of Ceylon in 1952 till 1960 at the same time functioning as the Secretary, National Planning Council.
From 1960 to 1964 he was the Director of Economic Research at the Central Bank and in 1965 was appointed the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Planning and Economic Affairs of the Government of Ceylon.
In 1970 he was transferred to the Central Bank as its Deputy Governor and later its Senior Deputy Governor till 1973 when he took up appointment as Ceylon's Ambassador to the European Economic Community, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
UN.
He was a Member (1965–1972) and Chairman (1972–1974) of United Nations Committee on Development Planning; Chairman, ILO Meeting on Evaluation of Comprehensive Employment Missions to Colombia, Kenya, Iran and Sri Lanka, (1973); Chief, United Nations Planning Mission to British Honduras, (1962); Special Representative of the Secretary General of the UN Conference on Human Environment, ( 1971–1972); Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries, Paris, (1981); Member, UN Panel of Eminent Persons on South Africa and Transnational Corporations, (September 1985); Member, UN panel of Eminent Persons on "The Relationship between Disarmament and Development", (April 1986); Team Leader, UNDP High Level Multi-Disciplinary Mission to Qatar, (13–26 April 1987); 
Chairman: United Nations General Assembly: Ad Hoc Committee of the Whole on an International Development Strategy for the Fourth Development Decade, (1989–90);
UNCTAD secretary-general.
Dr Gamani Corea assumed post of Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development on 5 April 1974 after he was appointed in 1973 for an initial term of three years by former United Nations Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim. He was thereafter re-appointed three times, his fourth term covering the period December 1982 until the end of 1984. As Secretary-General of UNCTAD and until the end of February 1985, Dr. Corea also held the position of Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Later work.
Following his departure from the UN he founded the Sri Lanka Economics Association; was the Chairman of the South Centre Working Groups on Environment and Development and a board member of the South Centre.
He held several positions, including the Chancellor of the Open University of Sri Lanka; Honorary Fellow, Corpus Christi College, Cambridge; Honorary Fellow, Institute of Development Studies, University of Sussex; Chairman, Board of Governors, Institute of Policy Studies; Honorary Fellow, Bandaranaike Centre for International Studies; Fellow, National Academy of Science of Sri Lanka; Honorary President, Association of Former Civil Servants, Sri Lanka; Senior Adviser to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs; Joint Patron, Sri Lanka Economics Association; Patron, Symphony Orchestra of Sri Lanka.
Awards.
Honorary degrees.
He has received several honorary degrees;

</doc>
<doc id="20132566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132566" title="Levee (disambiguation)">
Levee (disambiguation)

A levee is a type of riverbank flood control system.
Levee or Levée may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20132567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132567" title="Peter Isaacson">
Peter Isaacson

Peter Stuart Isaacson AM, DFC, AFC, DFM (born 31 July 1920) is an Australian publisher and decorated military pilot. He was owner of Peter Isaacson Publications, the publisher of various trade publications and suburban newspapers including the "Southern Cross" and the "Sunday Observer" in Melbourne. He served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) as a pilot with RAF Bomber Command during World War II and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Force Cross and the Distinguished Flying Medal.
Isaacson grew up in Melbourne and started working for a newspaper when he was sixteen. He joined the RAAF in 1940. Following his stint in Bomber Command, he became well known in Australia for his tours in the Avro Lancaster "Q-for-Queenie" to promote the sale of war loans and, in particular, for flying his plane under the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1943. He transferred to the RAAF Reserve after the war, retiring as a wing commander in 1969. Since 1956 he has served as a Trustee, Chairman, and finally Life Governor of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance. In 1991 he was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for his publishing and community work.
Early life.
Isaacson was born in London on 31 July 1920 to an Australian father and an Austrian mother; his parents moved to Australia with him when he was six years old. Growing up in Melbourne, he was educated at Brighton Grammar School and started work at sixteen as a messenger boy on "The Age", where his mother Caroline edited women's features. All of Isaacson's immediate family would eventually serve in World War II: his father, Arnold, a World War I veteran, joined the Volunteer Defence Corps, his mother became Public Relations Officer in the Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS), and his sister Joan became a photographer with the AWAS.
World War II.
On 8 December 1940 the nineteen-year-old Isaacson enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). After completing his training in Australia and Canada, he was posted to the United Kingdom and joined No. 460 Squadron RAAF at RAAF Breighton, Yorkshire, as a sergeant pilot. Operating Vickers Wellington medium bombers, No. 460 Squadron had been raised under the Article XV provisions of the Empire Air Training Scheme and was one of a number of nominally Australian formations taking part in RAF Bomber Command's strategic air campaign against Germany. The squadron commenced operations in March 1942 and participated in 1,000-bomber raids against Cologne, Essen and Bremen in May and June. It converted to Avro Lancaster heavy bombers in October. Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal on 6 November 1942 for "many successful night attacks on the enemy" with No. 460 Squadron. The following month his Lancaster was damaged by a Junkers Ju 88 night fighter after a raid on Munich. 
Commissioned as a pilot officer, Isaacson was subsequently posted to No. 156 Squadron RAF of the Pathfinder Force, based at RAF Warboys, Huntingdonshire. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 30 March 1943 for his actions during a raid on Berlin. His citation, promulgated in the "London Gazette", read:
Isaacson completed forty-five sorties with Bomber Command, when the likelihood of surviving an operational tour of thirty missions was never more than 50% and, at times, much less. Promoted to acting flight lieutenant, he was chosen in May 1943 to captain Lancaster "Q-for-Queenie" on a landmark flight from England to Australia across the Pacific Ocean, and then from Melbourne to New Zealand and back, non-stop in both directions. He was awarded the Air Force Cross on 27 August 1943 for this mission, the citation noting that it was "the first occasion on which an aircraft has flown to Australia by this route and the direct flights between Melbourne and New Zealand are the first of their kind". The Lancaster was brought to Australia so that it could serve as a template for local production of the type, but this never took place and it was instead used for exhibition flights to encourage purchase of war bonds. On 22 October 1943 Isaacson flew "Q-for-Queenie" under the Sydney Harbour Bridge, flouting a 1931 regulation that prohibited such activity; the Lancaster remains the largest aircraft to have been flown under the bridge. Isaacson gave his crew no warning of what he was about to do and when asked later why he did it, replied "Because it was there". It was, however, reported at the time that he undertook the stunt to support the war loan effort for which he and his crew were actively fundraising. 
Notwithstanding the publicity the escapade generated for war loans, Isaacson recalled that when he landed at Mascot afterwards:
In December 1943, following his promotional tour with his crew in "Q-for-Queenie", he settled down to instructional work at an operational training unit before undertaking a further tour in the Lancaster commencing in March 1944.
Post-war career.
Isaacson stood as the Liberal candidate for Prahran in the November 1945 Victorian state election, but was defeated by Labor's William Quirk. His wartime commission was terminated on 21 February 1946 and he transferred to the RAAF Reserve. He was state commandant of the Victorian Squadron of the Air Training Corps from 1950, and commandant of No. 21 (City of Melbourne) Squadron from 1961, before retiring in 1969 with the rank of wing commander. He also served as an honorary aide-de-camp to Queen Elizabeth II from 1963 to 1965.
After working as aviation correspondent for "The Argus" in Melbourne, Isaacson set up his first newspaper, the "Advertiser", in 1947; he established Peter Isaacson Publications the same year. The "Advertiser" took over other community newspapers and became the "Southern Cross", which Isaacson edited and published along with "Sunday Observer" and various business and industry magazines. In 1986 Peter Isaacson Publications took over the Asher Joel Media Group. "Southern Cross" was bought by APN News & Media in 1993 and Isaacson became APN's director, serving until 1998. He chaired TW Media from 1997 to 2005.
Isaacson married Anne McIntyre in Melbourne on 21 December 1950. The couple, who had known each other since their teens, had delayed their wedding during Anne's five-year struggle with polio and Isaacson carried his future bride to the registry office on the day. The marriage produced two sons. On 10 June 1991 Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia "for services to the print media and the community". He published "As I Remember Them: Men and Women Who Shaped a Life", a collection of eulogies he had delivered for friends and colleagues, in 2012. In May of that year he was among a group of thirty-two veterans selected to attend the dedication of the RAF Bomber Command Memorial in London as part of the official Australian delegation. Isaacson is a Life Governor of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance, having previously served as a Trustee from 1956 to 2000, and Chairman from 1983 to 2000. He and his wife live in the Melbourne suburb of Toorak.

</doc>
<doc id="20132569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132569" title="Semelfactive">
Semelfactive

In linguistics, semelfactive is a class of aktionsart (verb aspects that reflect the temporal flow of the denoted event, lexically incorporated into the verb's root itself rather than grammatically expressed by inflections or auxiliary verbs). This idea was first posited by Bernard Comrie in addition to the more commonly known categories such as verbs of Activity, Accomplishment, Achievement, and State. The event represented by a semelfactive verb is punctual (instantaneous, taking just a moment), perfective (treated as a complete action with no explicit internal temporal structure), and telic (having a boundary out of which the activity cannot be said to have taken place or continue). Semelfactive verbs include "blink", "sneeze", and "knock".

</doc>
<doc id="20132573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132573" title="Sunny Day Sets Fire">
Sunny Day Sets Fire

Sunny Day Sets Fire were an indie psychedelic pop quintet from London. Although formed in London, the members come from different backgrounds such as Hong Kong, Italy, Canada and the UK.
History.
The band was formed in London in 2005 by the Italian-born Mauro Remiddi and Hong Kong-born Onyee Lo, who met while working at an art-house cinema in Chelsea. The band's name was, according to the band themselves, suggested by an Internet band name generator. 
They initially worked as a duo but their first demo was recorded as a trio with guitarist Max Zoccheddu. As a three piece they released their first ltd. ed. 7" Brainless/Nations Underground for Bikabrak Rec. and played their initial handful of shows in London. One year later they started expanding their lineup, first with bassist Ed Howat (with whom they recorded the second single Wilderness) and then with drummer Matthew Parker.
In early 2008, their US label, Iamsound, issued a remix EP featuring remixes of "Stranger", "Brainless", "Wilderness", and "Adrenaline" by CSS, XXXChange from Spank Rock, The Cool Kids, Baron von Luxxury, The Slips, and Mad Decent/Diplo.
Their debut album, "Summer Palace", recorded and produced by the band itself, and mixed by Peter Katis (Interpol, Mercury Rev, Spoon, The National) was released in US by Iamsound on July 2008, and in the UK by Wonderboat Rec. on February 2009. It garnered good reviews from the major UK magazines, "NME", "Uncut" and "Clash", "A.V. Club", and the web-zines Pitchfork Media and Drowned In Sound.
"Adrenaline", the first single issued from the album, was named "single of the week" by Steve Lamacq on BBC 6 Music. The song "Lack Of View", from "Summer Palace", was featured on the soundtrack of the film "American Teen".
The band split up in 2009 with Remiddi going on to work as a solo artist under the name Porcelain Raft.
Matthew Parker is currently working on his own project Piano Rach, while Max Zoccheddu plays now with Diagrams (band).
Musical style and influences.
The band cited their influences as "Wizard Of Oz", "Gummo", The Beatles and The Velvet Underground. Their sound has been described as "a wild and volatile flood of gorgeous, exuberant pop". Their sound is generally classed as indie pop.

</doc>
<doc id="20132582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132582" title="Third Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo">
Third Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo

The Third Federal Electoral District of Quintana Roo "(III Distrito Electoral Federal de Quintana Roo)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of three such districts in the state of Quintana Roo.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Third District was created under the 2005 districting scheme, from the portion of the Second District corresponding to the urban area of the municipality of Benito Juárez: i.e., the city and resort of Cancún.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Cancún.
Because of its recent creation, it has only returned a deputy to Congress on one occasion, in the 2006 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20132624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132624" title="Farces et moralités">
Farces et moralités

Farces et moralités (Farces and morality plays) is a collection of six comedy plays in one act, written by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Fasquelle in 1904: "Vieux ménages" ("Old couples"), "L’Épidémie" ("The Epidemic", Bloomington, University of Denver Press, 1949), "Les Amants" ("The Lovers"), "Scrupules" ("Scruples", New York, Samuel French, 1923), "Le Portefeuille" ("The Purse") and "Interview".
Commentary.
As usual, Mirbeau demystifies and ridicules all that stupid people blindly respect: the law, which is oppressive by nature, and the police, which is arbitrary and repressive by definition; love, a deception, and marriage, a quagmire; wealth, ill-acquired, and social success, a deceptive façade; the newspapers, which anaesthetize people and provide false information, and the politicians, who are quite indifferent to social misery and concerned only with their own emoluments. Its great originality is to extend the challenge to language itself, thanks to which the dominant classes obtain the submission and the respect of the dominated and perpetuate an inegalitarian social order. 
Mirbeau succeeds however in making us laugh at that which should really drive us to despair, in the hope that the spark of conscience will help us to live better, to exercise better our liberty of mind, and to rebel against social institutions.
Although placing itself in the continuity of medieval morality plays, which had a pedagogical and moralizing purpose, Mirbeau deliberately chose the mood of farce, in which exaggeration, acceleration of the rhythm, caricature, plays on words, the grotesque, and the absurd are acceptable and assure the indispensable distancing effect, without any realism. He anticipates all at once the theater of Bertolt Brecht, Marcel Aymé, Harold Pinter, and Eugène Ionesco.

</doc>
<doc id="20132640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132640" title="1920 Ganja revolt">
1920 Ganja revolt

The 1920 Ganja revolt (Azeri: "Gəncə üsyanı"), also referred to as the Ganja Uprising, was an anti-Bolshevik rebellion that took place in Ganja, Azerbaijan from 26 to 31 May 1920 as a reaction to Azerbaijan's Sovietisation.
Prelude.
The disintegration of the Russian Empire resulted in the formation of a number of independent states on its territory. On 28 May 1918, the Azerbaijani National Council declared the independence of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. Twenty-three months later the political power in Azerbaijan was ceded by the ruling Musavat Party to the Bolsheviks to avoid bloodshed that the advancing 11th Red Army might have brought upon the country. On 28 April 1920, Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed.
Azerbaijan's Sovietisation significantly reduced the Bolshevik pressure on the neighbouring states, which caused much resentment and unrest among demoralised Azerbaijanis shocked by such rapid political change. Civil masses were angered by Bolsheviks' requisitions of provision supplies and their strong and explicit antireligious sentiment. The unrest was also triggered by various political organisations founded by Musavat members who fled to Georgia or went undercover. The anti-Bolshevik attitude went on to spread onto the Azerbaijani army dissatisfied with the Soviets' plan to reorganise it according to the Red Army model by discharging the officers and dividing the units.
The revolt.
The discharge of the Commander of the Ganja garrison Mahammad Mirza Qajar and his officers led to the strongest civil unrest among Azerbaijanis. On the night of May 25 to 26 1920 the garrison consisting of 1,800 servicemen revolted and seized control over the Muslim quarter of Ganja. They were led by General Qajar, General Javad bey Shikhlinski, General Teymur Novruzov, and Colonel Jahangir Kazimbeyov. The Soviet units which arrived by railway ringed the city. On 29 May, they attempted numerous times to launch an attack but each time were hurled back with heavy casualties. They only became successful upon deploying heavy artillery. Around 1,000 rebels were killed; the rest fled into the mountains to join the units that had been formed there. The battle lasted until 31 May and ended in the Bolshevik victory. Afterwards the city was looted and pillaged for an entire week.
Aftermath.
Azerbaijan People's Commissar for Internal Affairs Hamid Sultanov who was dispatched to Ganja carried out mass repressions against those suspected of being linked to the uprising. Hundreds of people were publicly executed. Twenty-two officers (among them six generals) were immediately exiled on the island of Nargin and shot by firing squad the next day, together with fifty-seven other exilees. The 11th Red Army issued a special decree by which detachments were to strengthen control of Azerbaijani locales with potential civil unrest. They were ordered to seize guns from the population. Those unwilling to turn in their guns were to be shot immediately, and those who turned in their guns and ammunition voluntarily were financially rewarded.
The 1920 Ganja revolt initiated a chain reaction of regional rebellions in June 1920 such as one in Shusha led by Nuri Pasha and one in Zagatala led by Molla Hafiz Afandiyev, however neither was as large scale as the Ganja Revolt. Starting in September 1920, a new series of rebellions of various scale took place in Dagestan and Quba, in Garabulag, in Shamkhor, and in Lankaran, overall lasting until 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20132653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132653" title="Developmental Psychology (journal)">
Developmental Psychology (journal)

Developmental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association covering research in developmental psychology. Publishing formats are research articles, reviews, and theoretical or methodological articles. The current editor-in-chief is Jacquelynne S. Eccles (University of Michigan).
History.
The journal was established in 1969, with Boyd R. McCandless (Emory University) as founding editor-in-chief.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by MEDLINE/PubMed and the Social Science Citation Index. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.976, ranking it 13th out of 65 journals in the category "Psychology, Developmental".

</doc>
<doc id="20132658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132658" title="Summer Palace (album)">
Summer Palace (album)

Summer Palace is the first full-length album by UK indie pop band Sunny Day Sets Fire. It was released in the US in 2008 by Iamsound, and in 2009 by UK label Wonderboat.

</doc>
<doc id="20132671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132671" title="John D. Letcher">
John D. Letcher

John Davidson Letcher ( - 1938) was an American academic and an acting president of Oregon State University. He served as the acting president for 4 months in 1892, upon the death of the second president Benjamin Lee Arnold.
As a son of Virginia's Confederate governor, John Davidson Letcher was born in Virginia and attended Virginia Military Institute, where he obtained a degree in civil engineering. With jobs in the field, he also taught mathematics in several colleges. It was in 1888 that he became a professor at Oregon State University (then "State Agricultural College of the State of Oregon") in Corvallis, Oregon, as the Professor both of Mathematics and Engineering and of Military Science and Tactics.
After OSU's third president Benjamin Lee Arnold suddenly died in January 1892, Letcher was elected unanimously by the Board of Regents as the acting president of the college. His presidency lasted until early June of the year, when John M. Bloss became the third permanent president of OSU. Letcher left the school in 1894 and then served as a mathematics professor of the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon until 1896. He returned to Virginia in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="20132732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132732" title="Kevin Hague">
Kevin Hague

Kevin Grant Hague (born 18 March 1960) is a current New Zealand MP representing the Green Party who was first elected to parliament in 2008.
Prior to his election he was the Chief Executive of the West Coast District Health Board. He is also an author, long time gay rights activist and a former executive director of the New Zealand AIDS Foundation.
Career and activism.
Hague has been an activist for a number of causes. In the 1980s he was heavily involved in the campaign against sporting contacts with apartheid South Africa. In 1989 he co-authored "Honouring the Treaty: an introduction for Pakeha to the Treaty of Waitangi". Hague is openly gay and in 1988 began work as a research officer for the New Zealand AIDS Foundation, which provides education on HIV/AIDS issues and advocacy and support for those with HIV and AIDS. From 1998 to 2003 he was the Foundation's executive director. He has represented New Zealand at United Nations, UNESCO and Commonwealth conferences on apartheid and on AIDS. He has also campaigned on behalf of cycling.
In 2005 he became Chief Executive of the West Coast District Health Board, which he had worked for since 2003.
Member of Parliament.
Hague was placed at number seven on the Green Party list for the 2008 election. He was elected as a Green Party MP and gained the third highest number of candidate votes in the West Coast-Tasman electorate.
Hague was a member of the select committee looking at Labour MP Louisa Wall's Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Bill. The bill, which passed its first reading 80-40, was approved by the committee.
Hague said once the bill had passed its third reading, in April 2013, there would be a number of "incredibly emotional" weddings between gay couples.
Personal life.
Hague was born in Aldershot, Hampshire, in the United Kingdom and enjoys mountain biking, cycle touring and tramping. He has been with his partner since 1984, but has no plans to get married if Labour MP Louisa Wall's Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Bill passes.

</doc>
<doc id="20132736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132736" title="2008 Chinese heparin adulteration">
2008 Chinese heparin adulteration

In March 2008, major recalls of heparin, a substance widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, were announced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) due to contamination of the raw heparin stock imported from China.
History.
The raw material for the recalled heparin batches was processed in China from pig's intestines by the American pharmaceutical firm Scientific Protein Laboratories. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration was quoted as stating that at least 81 deaths were believed linked to a raw heparin ingredient imported from the People's Republic of China, and that they had also received 785 reports of serious injuries associated with the drug’s use. According to the "New York Times", "problems with heparin reported to the agency include difficulty breathing, nausea, vomiting, excessive sweating and rapidly falling blood pressure that in some cases led to life-threatening shock."
Upon investigation of these adverse events by the FDA, academic institutions, and the involved pharmaceutical companies, the contaminant was identified as an "over-sulphated" derivative of chondroitin sulfate, a closely related substance obtained from mammal or fish cartilage and often used as a treatment for arthritis. Since over-sulphated chondroitin is not a naturally occurring molecule, costs a fraction of true heparin starting material, and mimics the in-vitro properties of heparin, the counterfeit was almost certainly intentional as opposed to an accidental lapse in manufacturing. The raw heparin batches were found to have been cut from 2-60% with the counterfeit substance, and motivation for the adulteration was attributed to a combination of cost effectiveness and a shortage of suitable pigs in China. 
When the FDA conducted an inspection of Baxter's Chinese Heparin supplier, it found serious deficiencies at the facility which the FDA detailed in a warning letter.
The FDA has stated that it does not have the funds nor bear the responsibility to inspect on a regular basis overseas manufacturers of active pharmaceutical ingredients such as heparin.
In November 2008, the FDA seized eleven lots of heparin from Celsus Laboratories Inc., a manufacturer in Cincinnati, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20132755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132755" title="Heather Pick">
Heather Pick

Heather Pick (1970 – November 7, 2008) was an American
television news anchor as well as an activist on behalf of breast cancer awareness and juvenile diabetes. She began her career in newscasting at WREX-TV in Rockford, Illinois before moving in 2002 to Columbus, Ohio where she was the morning and noon news anchor for WBNS-TV.
Early life.
Born in 1970, Pick was raised in Platteville, Wisconsin as one of seven children in her family. Her father worked for a lumber company, her mother as a homemaker. She was a graduate of the University of Wisconsin–Platteville. She became a news anchor at WREX after an internship there, staying for almost 10 years in Rockford.
Career.
While at WREX, she met her husband Joe Cygan, a Chicago-area native and great-grandson of Chicago mayor DeWitt Clinton Cregier, who was also employed by the station.
After moving to Ohio, she worked closely with Jack Hanna of the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium, even appearing on an episode of "Late Show with David Letterman" as Hanna's assistant. The Columbus Zoo and Aquarium is dedicating a bench near the park entrance in her honor.
Pick worked alongside actress Mary Tyler Moore in support of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. In 2007, Pick recorded an album titled "Circle of Support". A collection of original and cover songs all sung by Pick, the CD was released through by the organization A Christmas to Cure Cancer.
Death.
Heather lost her battle with breast cancer on November 7, 2008 at home in Columbus, Ohio.
She continued working for WBNS during much of her illness and appeared on air for the last time in early October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20132766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132766" title="Spectasia">
Spectasia

Spectasia is a document browser (chooser) application that has been developed by MATT Services. Spectasia was first released as a Beta version for Microsoft Windows in July 2006, with the latest stable release on March 23, 2009.
The name Chooser refers to a software tool which allows the user to choose items visually, providing a lookable screen layout in which items are easy to spot. The term Chooser was also used for a defunct Macintosh finder application, but there is no direct relationship between the applications. Spectasia has been developed according to the design principles of the Lookable User Interface, which is related to Richard Bolt's concept of "Lookable Graphics".
Spectasia is commercial software, and is available for use under a License from MATT Services.
History.
Design.
The design concepts behind Spectasia go back to 2003 and were embedded in Alan Radley's idea for a Lookable User Interface. A number of prototype systems were developed and tested at MATT Services in the UK, and these systems were also demonstrated at major University Departments worldwide including University College London's department of Computer Science (2003), Imperial College London's Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (2003), The University of Hawaii's Department of Computer Science (2003) and the University of Toronto's Computational Vision Group (2005). In particular visits by Alan Radley to Dr Kim Veltman at the University of Maastricht in 2002,
and later at the VMMI (Virtual Maastricht McLuhan Institute) in 2005 and 2007 produced discussions which were instrumental to the development of the software as it is today.
Form of 3D.
Spectasia employs a form of three-dimensional representation or 3D, specifically in order to provide an impression of depth for on-screen item locations. The subject of 3D representation has a long history and the associated literature is now extensive. Fortunately some surveys
exist.
It is noteworthy that Spectasia uses curvilinear perspective to present item choices to the user, being a form of perspective which has been ably described in the book Curvilinear Perspective: From Visual Space to the Constructed Image.
A Lookable User Interface.
Spectasia names its visual representation a Lookable User Interface. A Lookable User Interface (LUI) is a user interface which provides
a high degree of visual accessibility for digital content. Typically
a LUI enables the user to explore a 3D representation of a large collection of data items or object models. Often these items would comprise a Data Tree or Graph Structure.
At any moment, the LUI displays a small region of the overall graph, and the scene is automatically arranged in real time so as to provide good visibility for all of the Items present.
An overall visual context is created which allows items to adopt fixed visual reference
locations, one relative to one another, and which fosters the visual articulation and mapping of the visual field.
LUIs are designed to operate as context interfaces, and inherently provide distinct and notionally fixed visual reference locations for data items.
Beta releases.
A number of different Beta versions of Spectasia were released between July 2006 and September 2008.
The Beta releases of Spectasia were downloaded more than 50,000 times and no major Bugs were reported.
Announcement.
The first stable release announcement for Spectasia (Version 7.2 code name Eos) was originally made
on 30 October 2008, and the latest release (Spectasia 2009 Artemis) was made on the 23rd March2009.
Public release.
The Spectasia 3D Chooser was first publicly released for Microsoft Windows (XP and later only) and Mac OS X on the 30 October 2008 in English, officially a stable version. Initial feedback suggests the software has been well received.
The latest releases of Spectasia has been through extensive user testing on Windows Vista and Mac OS X.
The current software version (Spectasia 2009 Artemis) may work on some versions of Windows XP, but it is not supported on this platform.
Future.
Plans are being made to include Spectasia in Dr Kim Veltman's SUMS project.
Development.
Primary design goals were improvements in browsing and choosing efficiency for program, file and Web bookmark links. The software was designed to showcase a new 3D Chooser technology with the potential to provide an alternative to the Menu and List based retrieval methods.
Typically with Menus, two problems occur. Either the user must scan through each item on a long list, and scanning becomes tedious. Or else the desired item is buried deep inside another Menu level which you cannot find. With Menus, you waste time reading and re-reading irrelevant options.
Menus are not very Lookable because they do not create a sense of place. Items are simply left to float around the screen, and without any fixed locations. Spectasia's 3D shape, on the other hand, has a distinct pattern. Here one place is clearly differentiated from another. The eye can then dart and flit unhindered from one item to another.
With Spectasia, browsing and choosing are typically faster and more efficient activities. These efficiency improvements become particularly evident when the number of choices grows beyond 15 - 20 items.
Code.
Spectasia consists of around 40,000 lines of Java and Java 3D code. The program internally uses XML, DOM and XSL processing to
manage the tree data structures required to render XML and HTML source files into a 3D form in real time.
Version.
The current release version of the Spectasia code base is Spectasia 2009 (code name Artemis) which was released on the 23rd March 2009.
Spectasia is available in three separate editions, named Home (the Free edition), and also the Professional and Ultimate editions.
Security.
There are no known security issues at present.
Speed.
Spectasia has been developed in Java (JRE) and Java3D, and both technologies have been criticized in the past in terms of
their performance. However user testing has demonstrated Spectasia to be snappy and responsive, taking only 2–5 seconds to launch,
and with most operations completing in a fraction of a second.
Data Types.
Spectasia allows the user to create up to 100 items (Home), 1000 items (Professional) and 10,000 items (Ultimate Edition).
It is fully compatible with most common data formats; for example exe, app, .txt, pdf, .doc, .png, .bmp.jpg, etc.
The user can import his or her own Icons into Spectasia in the png format.
Memory.
Spectasia typically uses a similar amount of computer RAM memory to a modern web browser, around 100 - 200 MB.
During particularly intensive sessions, running the program for hours and with multiple imports and system refreshes,
memory usage has been seen to approach 500 MB, but the problem has a simple remedy in a 2-3 second reboot.
Stability.
Spectasia is very stable and reports of crashes during use are almost non-existent.
On Mac OS X systems it has been noted that on occasion Spectasia fails to launch. No work-arounds have been reported other than restarting Spectasia.
Spectasia has an automatic repair and recovery system which copes with any data corruptions and takes the
system back to the last valid state.
Future Upgrades.
Spectasia is an application which is upgraded periodically.
Extensions.
No plug-ins or data feeds are currently supported.
User Interface.
Spectasia is a Lookable User Interface, and employs a novel set of display elements and controls.
The Data Wave.
Spectasia employs a curvilinear perspective grid, referred to as a "Data Wave", in order to present Item Choices to the user.
Each Wave consists of a number of individual display places which are used to hold Data Items. Each Data Item on the Wave is then represented by an "Icon".
Users are free to create Items, but it is Spectasia that chooses when, where and how to display corresponding Icons on the Wave.
Item Types.
Two different Item types can exist on a Wave.
Firstly, a Data Item representing a 'clickable' link to a Data resource - possibly a local Program, File or else a Web Link to an Internet resource.
Secondly a Wave Item which represents another Wave view altogether, which when clicked on brings that Wave's vista into view.
The Data Frame.
Each Wave has an invisible 'Data Frame' which holds all of its Data Items. A Data Frame can be broader than a Wave, which can as a result contain hidden Items that lie outside of the current view. These out-of-view Items are temporarily located either to the left or right hand side of the Wave, and can be scrolled into view as described below.
Data Magnification.
The Home edition displays data at a single magnification. The Professional and Ultimate Editions allow the user to Zoom the Data Magnification.
Scrolling a Wave.
To animate or scroll new regions of an extended Wave into view simply click on the left or right hand side of the screen (lower half), whereupon the entire network of Items on that Wave will animate smoothly in the indicated direction.
Clicking closer to the middle of the screen (horizontally) scrolls at a slower speed and for a smaller number of data Items, whilst clicking towards the edge of the screen maximizes both scrolling speed and the number of Items moved.
Scrolling is only enabled in the left / right direction.
Scroll Indicators.
When an extended Data Wave has Items located outside of the current view, then Spectasia indicates this fact with a small Sphere which appears on the left or right hand side of the Wave.
The presence of a Sphere indicates that the Wave can be scrolled in that direction.
Item selection.
Spectasia has two different Item selection modes. Firstly you can left-click over an Item with the mouse, causing it to either "run" or else to "open-up" if it is a Wave.
Secondly, in order to select an Item for deletion or else for a New Icon action, you can right-click over the Item.
Wave navigation.
Selecting a Wave Item causes Spectasia to bring into view another vista, containing all of the Items present on that Wave.
Simply clicking on subsequent "Wave Icons" allows the user to navigate his or her way through the various Waves.
To move back up the Wave structure to a parent Wave simply right-click the mouse anywhere on the Spectasia window whereupon the parent Waves contents will once again be animated into view.
Creating Items.
It is easy to create program, file and web links in Spectasia. You can simply drag and drop Items from your desktop into the Spectasia window, whereupon they will be inserted as Data Items into the current Wave's view.
Creating a new Wave is performed by typing a Wave name into the text box on the Status Bar, and then pressing the return key, whereupon Spectasia will create a new Wave Item.
Likewise Website Links can be created similarly - and here you will enter the website address into the text box. e.g. www.spectasia.com.
Browser Integration.
With some browsers it is possible to simply Drag and Drop a Web Link directly from your Browser Window and into Spectasia.
This action is not supported in all Browsers, but this functionality has been tested successfully on Firefox, Google Chrome and Safari.
Spectasia supports the importing of Browser Bookmarks from a number of common Browsers, including Chrome, Firefox, Safari etc.
Other Features.
Spectasia has many other features and we suggest that interested users download and try the software out for themselves.
Reception.
Cyral Roger from Softonic said of the Spectasia Beta "The 3D board itself is an interesting alternative to the Finder .. it is an original 3D launcher .. showcases items in a 3D view, which proves particularly impressive on big screens."
Spectasia Eos 7.2 has been rated "Good" on Softpedia.
Spectasia is mentioned in Dr Kim Veltman's work.
Spectasia has been featured in an article in Engineering Technology Magazine.
Spectasia has been featured in .Net Magazine.
Spectasia has been featured in MacFormat Magazine.
Spectasia has been reviewed on FreeDownLoadsCenter.com where a reviewer said "The software Spectasia 1.5 provides you with easy access to the items and saves a lot of your time that you had to otherwise spend on the surfing through the menus and folders .. Considering its overall usage, the utility earns a score of 4 rating points primarily owning to its superlative performance. - 8th April 2008".
Patents.
Patent applications are pending (or have already been published) in relation to Spectasia.

</doc>
<doc id="20132773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132773" title="Football at the 2002 Asian Games">
Football at the 2002 Asian Games

Football at the 2002 Asian Games was held in Busan, South Korea from September 27 to October 13, 2002.
Age limit for the men teams is under-23, same as the age limit in football competitions in Olympic Games, while three overage players are allowed among each squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20132775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132775" title="Ronald Steel">
Ronald Steel

Ronald Lewis Steel (born March 25, 1931) is an award-winning American writer, historian, and professor. He is the author of the definitive biography of Walter Lippmann.
Biography.
Ronald Steel was born in 1931 in Morris, Illinois outside of Chicago. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science and English from Northwestern University (1953) and a Master of Arts degree in political economy from Harvard University (1955).
He served in the United States Army and was a diplomat in the United States Foreign Service.
He is the author of "Walter Lippmann and the American Century", the definitive biography of Lippman. For this book, he was awarded the 1980 National Book Critics Circle Award in General Nonfiction, a National Book Award,
and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize for History.
He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Steel is a Professor Emeritus of International Relations, History, and Journalism at the University of Southern California. Prior to teaching at USC, he taught at Yale University, Rutgers University, Wellesley College, Dartmouth College, George Washington University, UCLA, and Princeton University.
Steel wrote propaganda for the government about the JFK assassination: 
The "RFK did it" idea was first offered up by Drew Pearson in his regular column in the Washington Post on March 3, 1967. Castro, Pearson speculated, had become aware of the plot to kill him and decided to retaliate by having President Kennedy killed. Add this to the assumption (also false) that RFK was personally behind the CIA's attempts to assassinate Fidel, and presto, we have Pearson's conclusion that not only was RFK ultimately responsible for his brother's murder (by Castro), but was also "plagued by the terrible thought that he had helped put into motion terrible forces that indirectly may have brought about his brother’s martyrdom."
All of this was based on hearsay "evidence" provided by an FBI spy named Edward Morgan, whose sources admittedly were not directly involved in the assassination and whom he refused to identify - in other words, pure gossip.
Ronald Steel continues this fantasy, speaking of "powerful" and even "overwhelming circumstantial evidence" that RFK, "through Operation Mongoose, had made the removal of Castro his personal responsibility and highest priority" and made "incessant demands of the CIA and the Mongoose planners to 'get Castro.'" This evidence consists exclusively of prattle directly attributable to CIA and Pentagon sources, which can hardly be considered reliable sources in this matter.
For example, Steel cites a statement in 1975 by then secretary of state Henry Kissinger to President Gerald Ford that Richard Helms of the CIA had informed him that "Robert Kennedy personally managed the operations on the assassination of Castro." This triple hearsay, originating from the mouth of a convicted liar (Helms lied under oath to a Senate committee to cover up CIA improprieties) is what Steel calls "overwhelming circumstantial evidence."
As a further example of Steel's scholarship, he swallows whole the Warren Report's contention that Oswald was a pro-Castro agent, failing even to mention the work of Philip H. Melanson, who did in fact present overwhelming evidence eleven years ago to prove that Oswald was not an agent of Castro but of the CIA. Nor should we be surprised that Steel ignores the statement of Castro himself, made the day after the assassination, in which he said that Oswald "was never Secretary or Chairman of any Fair Play for Cuba Committee in any city of the United States" and that President Kennedy’s assassination was the work of some elements who disagreed with his international policy; that is to say, with his nuclear treaty, with his policy with respect to Cuba… And what happened yesterday can only benefit those ultra-rightist and ultra-reactionary sectors, among which President Kennedy…cannot be included." (cf. E. M. Schotz, History Will Not Absolve Us, Appendix II, pp. 51-86).
But not unexpectedly, Steel, like the various post-Warren Commission government committees that "investigated" the assassination, hedges his bets. If it wasn't Castro, it was the Mafia.
Later, Steele wrote for "The New Republic" in the 1980s. He has also written for the "Atlantic Monthly", "The New York Times" and the "The New York Review of Books".

</doc>
<doc id="20132797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132797" title="Victor Morris">
Victor Morris

Victor "Money" Morris (born on September 1, 1985 in Minden, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for the Windsor Express of the National Basketball League of Canada. The , point guard graduated from Inkster High School in Inkster, Michigan, and chose to play at Cleveland State University after having received scholarships from other major universities. After graduating from Cleveland State, Morris played his first professional season for TS Goeppingen, in Germany, a team that he led to a German BBW Cup Championship.
College.
Victor had a successful college career in which he led the Cleveland State Vikings in many categories and finished in the top 20 in CSU history in minutes played, free-throw percentage, and assist. As a senior Vic averaged 16 points per game and 4 assist per game before suffering a broken foot. After his senior season in April 2007, Vic participated in the Kentucky Top 60 College Senior Showcase where he was named to the All-Showcase team after averaging 25 points and 7 assist per game. Vic also played in the Kentucky Pro Am in June 2007 and led his team to a 3rd place finish.
Professional.
2007-2008 Season.
Playing his first professional season for TS Goeppingen, Vic averaged 20.3 points, 5.0 rebounds, and 6.0 assist per game. Victor had an outstanding rookie campaign as he accomplished the following:
2008-2009 Season.
Victor was scheduled to begin his second season with TS Goeppingen on 10/25/08. However, due to his exceptional accomplishments as a rookie, he was selected to be the starting point guard for Porvoon Tarmo of Finland. Morris adjusted nicely to the Top League and became a fan favorite for his high level of play. On the season Morris averaged 14.7 points, 2.5 assist, and 3.5 rebounds per game.
2011-2012 Season.
For the 2011-12 season, Morris played for the National Basketball League of Canada as a member of the Moncton Miracles, where he averaged 9.3 points, 1.6 rebounds, and 3.9 assists during his 19 games with the team.
2012-13 Season.
For the 2012-13 season, Morris is playing in the NBL once again, this time as a member of the expansion Windsor Express franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="20132809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132809" title="Dizengoff Square">
Dizengoff Square

Dizengoff Square (Hebrew: with niqqud: , without niqqud: , "Kikar Dizengof", fully Zina Dizengoff Square, , "Kikar Tzina Dizengof") is an iconic public square in Tel Aviv, on the corner of Dizengoff Street, Reines Street and Pinsker Street. One of the city's main squares, it was built in 1934 and inaugurated in 1938.
History.
Early history (1930s-70s).
The square, built in 1934, was part of the original urban plan by Sir Patrick Geddes, and was designed by architect Genia Averbuch. The idea to build a parking lot under the square went unrealized, and instead a roundabout was fashioned around the square, at its center a garden with a fountain and shady seating areas. For decades the square was a popular location and one of the landmarks of Tel Aviv's historic "White City."
The square is a circular plaza and has been a focal point of Tel Aviv since its establishment in the 1930s, its location in the very heart of Tel Aviv being one of the reasons. Dizengoff Square is named for Zina ("Tzina"), the wife of Tel Aviv's first mayor, Meir Dizengoff. Its original 1930s design was called "the Étoile of Tel Aviv" due to the form of the square - a roundabout at the meeting of six streets.
Redesign (1970s).
In 1978, however, the current split-level configuration was introduced, during Shlomo Lahat's tenure as mayor, with Dizengoff traffic flowing beneath it. The plan was by architect Tsvi Lissar, of Lissar Architects and City Planners. It was elevated in an effort to ease congestion in the area. The square was rebuilt using an entirely different design: the square was covered with an elevated pedestrian plaza above Dizengoff Street, Pinsker Street and Reines Street. The pedestrian area is elevated, connected by ramps to the adjacent sidewalks and to the pedestrian areas of Ben Ami and Zamenhoff streets, while traffic uses the lower level.
The changes met with furious reactions, but the city authorities explained at the time that these were necessary to solve traffic problems.
Center and fountain (1980s).
The square stands from Dizengoff Center, construction of which began in 1972 and was not completed until 1983. A fountain was erected in the middle of the square during its redesign in the 1970s, and was replaced in 1986 with Yaacov Agam's now landmark kinetic sculpture fountain. The current fountain is located in the center of the elevated plaza.
Redevelopment (2000s).
There are proposals however to return Dizengoff Square to its original state in order to restore its popularity. In 2007, Tel Aviv's municipal engineer, Hezi Berkovich, explained how they wanted to "avoid split-levels, raised or sunken, in the center of town, and currently the square cuts off the line of sight that is so important for pedestrians, who do not walk along the street sidewalks and do not enjoy them. They simply go up and down at the square. Over the years, the square and the houses surrounding it deteriorated together". In addition, they would want to move Agam's sculpture elsewhere in Tel Aviv.
Former Mayor Lahat, who was mayor when the redesigned square was brought in, also favours restoring the square to street level, saying that destroying the original square to solve congestion was the one mayoral decision he regreted. He said that, "I am responsible, and I take the blame," and that "we changed the square, and all the greenery, the beauty and the pleasantness went. Now it is possible to do something really beautiful and impressive," referring to the potential redevelopment of the square.
Restoration (2010s).
In 2012, the fountain was restored, freshly painted and repaired. In addition, the blue benches were repainted blue.
Activity.
Audio guided tours around the square are offered by Bauhaus Center. Twice a week, a second-hand market takes place at the bottom level.
The "beis medrash" (synagogue/study hall) of the 
Koidanover Rebbe, Rabbi Yaakov Tzvi Meir Ehrlich, is located in Dizengoff Square. This "beis medrash" serves as an outreach center where weekly lectures and a Friday-night "Oneg Shabbat" attract many secular Jews and guide them towards religious observance. The Koidanover Rebbe is well known as an inspiring speaker and educator.

</doc>
<doc id="20132818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132818" title="M25 Tank Transporter">
M25 Tank Transporter

The M25 Tank Transporter was a heavy tank transporter and tank recovery vehicle used in World War II and beyond by the US Army.
Nicknamed the Dragon Wagon, the M25 was composed of a 6x6 armored tractor (M26) and 40-ton trailer (M15).
Development.
In 1942 a new 40 ton semi-trailer tank transporter was required. This was to offer better off-road performance than the M9 24-small-wheel trailer, and greater capacity than the 30 ton 8-large-wheel Shelvoke and Drewry semi-trailers, then in use with the Diamond T tractor unit. This new trailer was designed by the Fruehauf Trailer Company (based in Detroit, MI). A new tractor unit was required, as this heavier trailer was more than the Diamond T could cope with.
The M26 tractor was designed by the San Francisco-based Knuckey Truck Company. When Knuckey's production capacity proved insufficient the Army awarded production to the Pacific Car & Foundry Co. of Seattle, Washington.
Designated TR-1 by Pacific Car, the 12-ton 6x6 M26 tractor was powered by a Type 440 240 bhp 6-cylinder gasoline engine developed exclusively for it by Hall-Scott (although also used to uprate the Diamond T). Some 2,100 Type 440s were built. Baxter notes "over 1,300" M26 and M26A1 being built.
Unusually, the tractor unit was fitted with both an armored cab and two winches with a combined pull of 60 tons. The intention was that as well as hauling the tank transporter semi-trailer, the tractor unit could itself be used for battlefield light recovery work.
A later unarmored version of the M26 tractor was designated the M26A1. An experimental ballast tractor conversion was experimented with by the British FVPE
Service.
The M26 entered service with the US Army in Europe in 1944-45.
U.S. Nomenclature.
In the nomenclature system used by the U.S Army Ordnance Corps Supply Catalog this vehicle is referred as the G160.

</doc>
<doc id="20132839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132839" title="Górecki (song)">
Górecki (song)

"Górecki" is a 1997 single by Lamb from their debut album "Lamb".
The song samples the second movement of Henryk Górecki's Third Symphony, the "Symphony of Sorrowful Songs".
The song has been featured in numerous TV shows, movies and video games, including the 2006 "Torchwood" episode "They Keep Killing Suzie" and the 1998 slasher film "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer". The opening lines were sung by Nicole Kidman's character Satine in the 2001 movie "Moulin Rouge!". It was also used for the launch trailer for "Crystal Dynamics game, ' in 2008.
The song peaked at No. 30 on the UK Singles Chart.
Both tracks "Ear Parcel" and "Lullaby" would later appear on "Fear of Fours".

</doc>
<doc id="20132844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132844" title="Additi Gupta">
Additi Gupta

Aditi Gupta ( hindi - आदिती गुप्ता ) is an Indian television actress. She debuted in Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil, a show that aired on Star Plus and co-starred Harshad Chopra .
Career.
Gupta started her acting career in "Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil" opposite Harshad Chopra. She has performed at events such as the Star Parivaar Awards, Star Plus's Rang De India and Diwali Rishton Ki. She has done cameo roles in "Kayamath" and "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi". She also participated in "Zara Nachke Dikha", in which her team won.

</doc>
<doc id="20132853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132853" title="Brazoria County Sheriff's Office">
Brazoria County Sheriff's Office

The Brazoria County Sheriff's Office serves the county of Brazoria County, Texas which has more than 200,000 citizens. The Brazoria County Sheriff's Office is the oldest law enforcement agency in the State of Texas.
History.
The sheriff's office was formed in March 1836 when then the Republic of Texas established it. The Brazoria County Sheriff's Office became the first law enforcement agency in Texas.
List of Brazoria County Sheriff's 
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the Brazoria County Sheriff's Department, 8 officers have died in the line of duty.
References.
Handbook of Texas

</doc>
<doc id="20132855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132855" title="Electricity Commission (NZ)">
Electricity Commission (NZ)

The New Zealand Electricity Commission was a government authority set up in 2003 to regulate the electricity sector in New Zealand.
The Commission was established under the Electricity Act to regulate the operation of the electricity industry and markets (both wholesale and retail) in accordance with government energy policy. The Commission was established following extremely dry hydro years in 2001 and 2003, which led to government concerns that the electricity market did not provide adequate security of electricity supply.
The first Electricity Commissioner was Roy Hemmingway, who was succeeded by David Caygill in 2007.
In November 2010, the Electricity Commission was succeeded by the Electricity Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20132880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132880" title="Oleksa Dovbush">
Oleksa Dovbush

Oleksa Dovbush () (born 1700, Pechenizhyn Kolomyia— died 24 August 1745) was a famous Ukrainian outlaw, leader of "opryshky", who became a folk hero, often compared to Robin Hood.
Biography.
Oleksa was born in the Hutsul village of Pechenizhyn in the Carpathian Mountains in the early 18th century. He became the leader of his own band that consisted of almost 50 members (leheni). The polular tradition portrays him as a protector to the poor people of the region. There are few or almost no written references left of him and his activities.
The many folk-songs and the few prose legends that still survive in Prykarpattia portray him as a local hero who robbed the rich and helped the poor serfs, like the mythical Robin Hood. His residence is believed to be located near the city of Bolekhiv in Ivano-Frankivsk oblast. It is a rock complex that is called the Rocks of Dovbush which was nominated in the seven historical and seven natural wonders of Ukraine. The Dovbush deeds became so admired that the tales of his acts spread beyond the Hutsul region to the neighboring Pokuttia and Podillya regions of western Ukraine. His portraits were sold at local market places. He was feared by Polish szlachta (landowning nobility). Once, a military expedition of 2000 soldiers, headed by Polish magnate Józef Potocki, was sent to stop his activities. Nonetheless, he could not be captured. Dovbush was shot and mortally wounded by one Stefan, the husband of his lover Dzvinka, in 1745. 
According to Hassidic legend Dovbush at one time hid in the house of Baal Shem Tov and gave him his pipe as a token of friendship.
Legacy.
After his death his legacy was extended by several of his companions and/or people that idolized him: Ivan Bayurak (a memorial plate is erected in Ivano-Frankivsk that mentions of his execution), Maksym Karmalyuk, and many others.
His legend entered Ukrainian folklore, and was the subject of various artistic works, by, among others, the writers Ivan Franko and Yuri Fedkovych. A film was made about him, and there are streets and locations named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20132885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132885" title="Burham, Ramallah">
Burham, Ramallah

Burham () is a Palestinian village in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate located twelve kilometers north of Ramallah. The largest nearby town is Bir Zeit located to the southeast. The average elevation of Burham is 680 meters above sea level. The village was established during the Byzantine Empire rule over Palestine. 
In 1922, there were 74 inhabitants in the town, rising to 122 in 1931. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Burham had a population of 565 in mid-year 2006. In the 2007 census by the PCBS, there were 616 people living in the town. 

</doc>
<doc id="20132887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132887" title="Consol Homes Orphan Care">
Consol Homes Orphan Care

Consol Homes is an award winning Malawi community organisation that supports orphans and young children affected by HIV and AIDs.
About Consol Homes.
The organization was established in 2000 by community members from Kalolo, Malawi to support orphans and other vulnerable children in Malawi. The organization's Executive Guardian is founding member Alfred Chapomba.
The group initially worked to assist single parents, guardians and orphans to develop parenting skills. Consol Homes currently operates in Traditional Authority (T.A.) Kalolo and T.A. Makwangwala providing psychosocial training and support for guardians and orphans affected by HIV/AIDS. The group also provides recreational and educational support, Community Home Based Care (CHBC) for the chronically sick, pre-school development programs, income generation schemes and vocational training. It also runs feeding programs for children at risk from malnourishment.
The organization is volunteer based and currently provides care, support and guidance to over 20,000 children, through 101 centres. In addition Consol Homes support over 500 students annually through their secondary and tertiary education.
Awards.
Consol Homes was selected as a winner of the Red Ribbon Award 2008. Selected from more than 550 nominations from 147 countries the award recognised Consol Homes' "Community Leadership and Action on AIDS".
Consol Homes has been identified as a model for UNICEF's programmes for psychosocial care for children at risk due to HIV/AIDS in Malawi, and as the "National Model for Orphan Outreach" by the Malawian government. The organisation also played a major role in the organization of the first "International Grandmothers Gathering" held in conjunction with the 2006 International AIDS Conference, Canada, and led by the Stephen Lewis Foundation.
In 2006 Consol Homes was selected to partner the Raising Malawi Orphan Care Initiative as part of its nation-wide programme to provide social, educational and economic support for orphans and other vulnerable children.
Partner Organisations.
Consol Homes is also an active member of the following networks :

</doc>
<doc id="20132900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132900" title="James Bailey (author)">
James Bailey (author)

James M. Bailey is an American author and a TV actor. James Bailey is listed as James Michael Bailey on his acting credits ().
Bailey was born in Arkansas City, Kansas and completed high school in Westlake, Louisiana. Some time after this he went to Hollywood seeking an acting career where he went to acting school and eventually got some minor roles in television and films.
Not long after his arrival in Hollywood, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) began to manifest along with severe depression and anxiety. Bailey suffered for many years before finally seeking psychiatric treatment for his emotional problems. He spent almost three months in an American clinic that specialized in OCD before his complex interactions with other patients led to him to be discharged.
The good news was Bailey had overcome most of his OCD before being forced out. He later drew on his experiences there and wrote the book “"Man Interrupted"”, which was released in the United Kingdom and Europe and distributed in USA in April 2008. The book has been reviewed favourably in various fora.
He now lives in Louisiana and California where he continues to write and act.

</doc>
<doc id="20132908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132908" title="Li Qiyan">
Li Qiyan

Li Qiyan () (b. 1938) served as mayor of Beijing from February 1993 to November 1996. He is originally from Qihe County in Shandong province. Li joined the Communist Party of China in November 1961. He was a member of the 14th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20132994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20132994" title="Norval Baptie">
Norval Baptie

Norval Baptie (March 18, 1879 – November 26, 1966) was a World record holding speed skater, a champion figure skater, and pioneering ice showman. He was inducted into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1963.
Born in Bethany, Ontario, he grew up in Bathgate, North Dakota, United States. By the age of 14 he was the North Dakota speed skating champion. In 1897, he challenged World champion Jack McCullough to a race, and easily won. Over his career, he won almost 5000 races and lost one. He shattered every amateur and professional speed skating record. 
After his speed skating career, Baptie moved into stunt and figure skating. He set new records for broad jump, skating backwards, jumping over barrels, and even skating on stilts. Baptie began doing solo exhibition shows, which eventually evolved into the World's first ice shows. In the 1930s, he directed shows that featured Sonja Henie, a champion figure skater.
Baptie was also influential in the design of skates. He helped design the tubular racing skate and eliminated the curled figure skating blade.
In 1938, Baptie retired from the ice. However, he became a professional coach and was listed as a member of the American Skaters Guild in 1940. He continued to coach even after losing both legs from complications from diabetes. He was the Grandfather of noted figure skating coach, Betty Berens, and Great-grandfather of Ice Follies Star Susan Berens.

</doc>
<doc id="20133003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133003" title="Hue de la Ferté">
Hue de la Ferté

Hue de la Ferté (fl. 1220–35) was a French trouvère who wrote three "serventois" attacking the regency of Blanche of Castile during the minority of Louis IX. He maligns Blanche's partiality to foreigners and singles out Theobald I of Navarre, another trouvère, as unworthy of her support. Hue was a supporter of Pierre de Dreux, Duke of Brittany. 
His poem "En talent ai que je die" is modelled after "En chantant m'estuet complaindré" (1228–30) by Gace Brulé. Its simple melody is of the form ABABCDD¹D². He modelled "Je chantasse volentiers liement" after "Je chantasse volentiers liement" (1228–30) by Chastelain de Couci and "Or somes a ce venu" after the anonymous "Quant li oisellon menu". 

</doc>
<doc id="20133022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133022" title="Byron v. Rajneesh Foundation International">
Byron v. Rajneesh Foundation International

Byron v. Rajneesh Foundation International was a 1985 lawsuit filed by Helen Byron in Portland, Oregon against Rajneesh Foundation International, the organization of Indian guru Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh (now known as Osho). Byron had been recruited to join the Rajneesh movement by her daughter, Barbara. She traveled to India to join her daughter and the organization. Byron provided over US$ 300,000 to the organization, and some of the money was used to buy an armored Rolls Royce for Rajneesh. Byron spoke to the legal leader of the organization, Ma Anand Sheela (Sheela Silverman), and requested that her money be returned, asserting that it was a loan. Sheela reportedly told her that the money would be returned to her once the group moved to Oregon. Byron followed the organization to its location in Oregon, known as Rajneeshpuram, and requested through an attorney that her money be returned. In 1985, she filed a lawsuit against the organization in federal court, in the United States District Court for the District of Oregon. 
Both Byron and Sheela testified in the case: Byron testified that her money was a loan to the organization to purchase land in India, and Sheela that the money was a donation to the organization. A survey submitted by the Rajneesh organization in the case was deemed unreliable by the judge because the survey had been conducted by volunteers who were also members of the organization. The jury decided in favor of Byron, and awarded her her money plus punitive damages. Subsequent to the jury decision, Ma Anand Sheela and an inner circle of followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh at Rajneeshpuram compiled a hit list of people they planned to murder, including both Helen and Barbara Byron, as well as United States Attorney Charles Turner and Oregon Attorney General David Frohnmayer. Sheela and other followers obtained handguns in Texas and false identification in New York, but the plot was never carried out.
Byron requests return of money from Rajneesh.
Helen C. Byron, originally from Santa Fe, New Mexico, was recruited into the Rajneesh movement by her daughter Barbara J. Byron, who had previously joined the group in India. She traveled to India and joined her daughter as a follower of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh in 1978. Within the Osho movement Helen Byron was known as Ma Idam Shunyo, and Barbara J. Byron was referred to as Makima.
Byron gave considerable sums of money to Rajneesh, and lent or contributed more than US$ 300,000 to his group which was used to purchase an armored Rolls Royce for him. Byron requested the money be returned to her and said it was a loan, and stated that the legal leader and president of the Rajneesh organization, Ma Anand Sheela, had only asked for the money on a temporary basis. Byron stated Sheela was aware that Byron needed the money returned for treatment and special needs related to her multiple sclerosis.
James T. Richardson writes in the 2004 book "Regulating Religion" that "Ma Sheela is alleged to have stalled Mrs. Byron, using the reasoning that the group was soon to relocate in Oregon, and that the money would be returned after that." Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh moved to Oregon and Byron moved as well, and communicated through a lawyer to Rajneesh that she still requested the return of her money. According to the Associated Press, Byron left the organization in 1984 after Ma Anand Sheela requested followers commit themselves to a lifestyle that Byron did not agree with.
Portland federal trial.
Byron filed a lawsuit against Rajneesh Foundation International claiming she had been defrauded by the organization, and the suit proceeded to a six-member jury trial in 1985 in federal court Portland, Oregon. Byron's claim included $309,990 she stated she had given as a loan to the Rajneesh Foundation, in addition to $80,000 she had deposited in a Rajneeshee bank, and $1.5 million in punitive damages. Byron testified at trial that the $309,990 was given in 1980 as a loan to Rajneesh Foundation International for the organization to buy land in Poona, India, and that the $80,000 was to be held in safekeeping, while Ma Anand Sheela testified that Byron's money was a donation and not a loan. Rajneesh Foundation International submitted an opinion survey in the case, but the survey was conducted by volunteer members of the organization itself. Participants in the survey were able to identify the volunteers as members of the Rajneesh organization, and the court ruled that the results of the survey were unreliable. The trial concluded on May 25, 1985. The jury decided Byron's money should be returned to her, in addition to $1.25 million in punitive damages against Rajneesh Foundation International. The total amount awarded to Byron by the jury was $1.64 million, and the jury concluded that Byron had been deliberately misled by Sheela. The jury, composed of three women and three men, came to the conclusion that Ma Anand Sheela committed a "wanton" violation of Byron's trust, and that Byron had been under Sheela's "domination". The jury came to its decision after deliberating for just over two hours.
Ma Anand Sheela, the spokesman for Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh at the time, stated that the jury verdict shows "Rajneeshees can't get a fair trial in Oregon". Sheela characterized the lawsuit as part of the government's plan to "destroy the Rajneeshees" by utilizing "poison" of former followers, and said that the organization would appeal the verdict. Rajneesh spokeswoman Ma Prem Isabel stated: "I think Oregonians basically are trying to bring their bigotry into the court, and until now they are doing pretty good. We'll see how they do on appeal. This is witchhunting if I ever saw it. I know the government is out to get this community."
Rajneeshee attorney Swami Prem Niren (Philip J. Toelkes) argued before the United States District Court for the District of Oregon in November 1985 that the financial situation of the Rajneesh organization was such that it would take time to sell off assets to raise capital. He attempted to block execution of the jury judgment against the organization. Judge Owen Panner ruled that the judgment and collateral for paying it would remain, due to the uncertain financial circumstances of the Rajneesh organization. Byron received $975,000 of the judgment on November 27, 1985. Judge Panner refused to order Byron to return the funds to the Rajneesh organization. 
According to Byron's attorney, the Rajneeshees paid for a majority of the judgment by signing over a Southern California building owned by the organization to her. According to Richardson, this was partly done in order to avoid the appeal process, since the Rajneeshees at the time were busy dealing with a plethora of other legal matters. Richardson notes that "in every disputed point of fact in the case the jury sided with the plaintiff, Mrs. Byron, and they chose as well to punish by awarding punitive damages". The jury also awarded Byron the return of money for which no records existed.
Assassination plot.
After the jury decision, Ma Anand Sheela gathered an inner circle of at least three or four women followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh at Rajneeshpuram and assembled a hit list of enemies of the organization. In total the former personal secretary to Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh along with three others planned to murder nine people. This list included journalist for the Portland paper "The Oregonian", Leslie Zaitz, United States Attorney Charles Turner, Oregon Attorney General David Frohnmayer, Rajneesh's former secretary Laxmi Thakarsi Kuruwa (Ma Yoga Laxmi), and Helen Byron along with her daughter Barbara who had testified on her behalf at trial. 
Frohnmayer was originally intended to be the first murder victim, but Turner was made the primary target because the followers believed there were soon to be federal indictments against the organization. Sheela and three other individuals purchased handguns in Texas, obtained false identification in New York, and waited near Turner's house in Portland. In addition to Sheela, other followers involved in the plot reportedly included Ma Shanti Bhadra (Catherine Jane Stork) and Ma Yoga Vidya (Ann Phyllis McCarthy). The assassination plot against Turner was never carried out, and actions against others on the list were never fully executed.

</doc>
<doc id="20133048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133048" title="Strata SE1">
Strata SE1

Strata SE1 is a 148-metre, 43-storey building at Elephant and Castle in the London Borough of Southwark in London, England. Designed by BFLS (formerly Hamiltons), it is one of the tallest residential buildings in London and more than 1,000 residents live in its 408 flats.
The building.
Strata SE1 is located on the site of Castle House, an early 1960s six-storey office building, which was the first commercial premises at the newly rebuilt Elephant and Castle. When completed, Castle House was warmly received. The Architects’ Journal in August 1962 found "little to criticise and much to praise and until New Zealand House is completed it is possibly one of the best examples for anyone wanting to look at a good office block in London."
25% of the building's flats have been sold by Family Mosaic Housing Association for shared-ownership sale. These consist of the "Esprit Apartments" — located on floors 2–10 of the tower — and a further nine flats in the adjacent "Pavilion", a three-storey structure located to the west of the tower and earmarked for former residents of the nearby Heygate Estate.
Each floor of the affordable area comprises 10 flats (equally divided between one and two-bedroom flats), while each floor above the 10th floor contains 11 flats in a mixture of studios, one-bedroom flats, two-bedroom flats, and three-bedroom flats to a total of 310 units.
Only the open-market flats have access to car-parking (in the basement of the building). The 39th floor features a "Sky Lobby" (a small corridor with a view over central London), while the living area is topped by a £2.5m three-bedroom duplex penthouse. The ground floor comprises two commercial units. A third one is located in the Pavilion, along with a "kiosk". All three remain unoccupied.
The building has its own extranet site, named "inhabit".
The one-level basement of the building contains a secure car park and 437 bicycle storage places.
The building features prominently in the science-fiction novel, "Ice Diaries", by Lexi Revillian.
Construction.
The current tower was first proposed in 2005; construction began in 2007 and was completed in June 2010. The cost is estimated at £113.5 million. The building was 'topped out' in June 2009. Attended the topping out ceremony were over 70 senior members of London’s business community including Sir Simon Milton, Deputy Mayor for Policy and Planning, Cllr Nick Stanton, Leader of Southwark Council and Simon Hughes, MP for North Southwark and Bermondsey. The turbines were installed in May 2010.
During the demolition of Castle House to clear land for Strata, a construction worker, John Walker, 33, was killed when a roof collapsed on him. He was employed by 777 Demolition and Haulage Company Ltd, which was served with a Prohibition Notice by the Health & Safety Executive. An inquest was due to be held at Inner London South Coroner's Court.
Sustainability.
Strata SE1 is one of the first buildings in the world to incorporate wind turbines as part of its structure. Randoll, the engineering consultancy involved with the Bahrain World Trade Center, which also features wind turbines, was involved in the project.
The three nine-metre wind turbines at the top of the building are rated at 19 kW each and are anticipated to produce 50MWh of electricity per year. They are expected to generate sufficient energy to provide power for the common areas of the building (8% of the energy needs of the building), although questions about their real efficiency will remain unanswered until the completion of two years of comprehensive wind data analysis.
The building exceeds by 13% the current UK regulations relating to sustainability, whilst overall carbon emissions are expected to be 15% lower than the Mayor of London's good practice benchmark. The developers claim that the building will achieve 2050 CO2 target emissions and that (with the Multi-Utility Services Company in place in the area) it will achieve a predicted 73.5% reduction in CO2 emissions when measured against the Building Regulations benchmark.
Featured on-site is a combined heat and power system to provide sustainable power generation, with a provision for the collection of rainwater for re-use. The energy costs per flat are envisaged to be up to 40% less than Britain's typical housing average. The building is clad in a "bespoke high thermal performing facade" with an air permeability leakage rate that is apparently 50% better than current building regulations.
Awards.
Considerate Constructors Scheme
On 12 November 2010, the building was the overall winner of the 2010 Concrete Society Awards, ahead of schemes from David Chipperfield, Hopkins Architects, Caruso St John, McInnes Usher McKnight Architects (MUMA) and Alsop Architects. The judges commented: "This building is striking architecturally, a considerable feat of construction on this restricted site...". They particularly singled out Strata’s "innovative column strategy".
Structural Steel Design Awards 2010
City of London Sustainable City Awards 2011
In May 2011, the building was shortlisted for the ICE London Civil Engineering Awards 2011 for infrastructure and building projects. The award "celebrates outstanding engineering achievement by companies, organisations, and individuals in the capital".
The Green Apple Awards 2011
RICS Awards 2011
London District Surveyors Association 2011
ACE Engineering Excellence 2011 
The Strata Inhabit website (the information site for residents of the building) won "Website of the Year" at the News on the Block Property Management Awards on 5 December 2011.
In August 2010, Strata SE1 was awarded the 2010 Carbuncle Cup. The yearly award, organized by "Building Design" magazine, selects one building from a shortlist of 30, nominated by readers. It recognises "the ugliest building in the United Kingdom completed in the last 12 months".
On 2 April 2012, the building appeared in a list of the world's 21 ugliest buildings on the "Daily Telegraph"'s website.

</doc>
<doc id="20133087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133087" title="Alpha 21064">
Alpha 21064

The Alpha 21064 is a microprocessor developed and fabricated by Digital Equipment Corporation that implemented the Alpha (introduced as the Alpha AXP) instruction set architecture (ISA). It was introduced as the DECchip 21064 before it was renamed in 1994. The 21064 is also known by its code name, EV4. It was announced in February 1992 with volume availability in September 1992. The 21064 was the first commercial implementation of the Alpha ISA, and the first microprocessor from Digital to be available commercially. It was succeeded by a derivative, the Alpha 21064A in October 1993.
History.
The first Alpha processor was a test chip codenamed EV3. This test chip was fabricated using Digital's 1.0-micrometre (µm) CMOS-3 process. The test chip lacked a floating point unit and only had 1 KB caches. The test chip was used to confirm the operation of the aggressive circuit design techniques. The test chip (along with simulators and emulators) was also used to bring up firmware and the various operating systems that the company supported. The production chip, codenamed EV4, was fabricated using Digital's 0.75 µm CMOS-4 process. Dirk Meyer and Edward McLellan were the micro-architects. Ed designed the issue logic while Dirk designed the other major blocks. Jim Montanaro lead the circuit implementation. The EV3 was used in the Alpha Development Unit (ADU), a computer used by Digital to develop software for the Alpha platform before the availability of EV4 parts.
The 21064 was unveiled at the 39th International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC) in mid-February 1992. It was announced on 25 February 1992, with a 150 MHz sample introduced on the same day. It was priced at $3,375 in quantities of 100, $1,650 in quantities between 100 and 1,000, and $1,560 for quantities over 1,000. Volume shipments begun in September 1992.
In early February 1993, the price of the 150 MHz version was reduced to $1,096 from $1,559 in quantities greater than 1,000.
On 25 February 1993, a 200 MHz was introduced, with sample kits available, priced at $3,495. In volume, it was priced at $1,231 per unit in quantities greater than 10,000. Volume orders were accepted in June 1993, with shipments in August 1993. The price of the 150 MHz version was reduced in response. The sample kit was reduced to $1,690 from $3,375, effective in April 1993; and in volume, it was reduced to $853 from $1,355 per unit in quantities greater than 10,000, effective in July 1993.
With the introduction of the Alpha 21066 and the Alpha 21068 on 10 September 1993, Digital adjusted the positioning of the existing 21064s and introduced a 166 MHz version priced at $499 per unit in quantities of 5,000. The price of the 150 MHz version was reduced to $455 per unit in quantities of 5,000.
On 6 June 1994, the price of the 200 MHz version was reduced by 31% to $544 to position it against the 60 MHz Pentium; and the 166 MHz version by 19% to $404 per unit in quantities of 5,000, effective on 3 July 1994.
The Alpha 21064 was fabricated at Digital's Hudson, Massachusetts and South Queensferry, Scotland facilities.
Users.
The 21064 was mostly used in high-end computers such as workstations and servers. Users included:
Performance.
The 21064 was the highest performing microprocessor from when it was introduced until 1993, after International Business Machines (IBM) introduced the multi-chip POWER2. It subsequently became the highest performing single-chip microprocessor, a position it held until the 275 MHz 21064A was introduced in October 1993.
Description.
The Alpha 21064 is a superpipelined dual-issue superscalar microprocessor that executes instructions in-order. It is capable of issuing up to two instructions every clock cycle to four functional units: an integer unit, a floating-point unit (FPU), an address unit, and a branch unit. The integer pipeline is seven stages long, and the floating-point pipeline ten stages. The first four stages of both pipelines are identical and are implemented by the I-Box.
I-box.
The I-box is the control unit; it fetches, issues and decodes instructions; and controls the pipeline. During stage one, two instructions are fetched from the I-cache. Branch prediction is performed by logic in the I-box during stage two. Either static prediction or dynamic prediction is used. Static prediction examined the sign bit of the displacement field of a branch instruction, predicted the branch as taken if the sign bit indicated a backwards branch (if sign bit contained 1). Dynamic prediction examined an entry in the 2,048-entry by 1-bit branch history table. If an entry contained 1, the branch was predicted as taken. If dynamic prediction was utilized, the branch prediction is approximately 80% accurate for most programs. The branch misprediction penalty is four cycles.
These instructions are decoded during stage three. The I-box then checks if the resources required by the two instructions are available during stage four. If so, the instructions are issued, providing they can be paired. Which instructions could be paired was determined by the number of read and write ports in the integer register file. The 21064 could issue: an integer operate with a floating-point operate, any load/store instruction with any operate instruction, an integer operate with an integer branch, or a floating-point operate with a floating-point branch. Two combinations were not permitted: an integer operate and a floating-point store, and a floating-point operate and an integer store. If one of the two instructions cannot be issued together, the first four stages are stalled until the remaining instruction is issued. The first four stages are also stalled in the event that no instruction can be issued due to resource unavailability, dependencies, or similar conditions.
The I-box contains two translation lookaside buffers (TLBs) for translating virtual addresses to physical addresses. These TLBs are referred to as "instruction translation buffers" (ITBs). The ITBs cache recently used page table entries for the instruction stream. An eight-entry ITB is used for 8 KB pages and a four-entry ITB for 4 MB pages. Both ITBs are fully associative and use a not-last used replacement algorithm.
Execution.
Execution begins during stage five for all instructions. The register files are read during stage four. The pipelines beginning at stage five cannot be stalled.
Integer unit.
The integer unit is responsible for executing integer instructions. It consists of the integer register file (IRF) and the E-box. The IRF contains thirty-two 64-bit registers and has four read ports and two write ports that are equally divided between the integer unit and the branch unit. The E-box contains an adder, a logic unit, barrel shifter and multiplier. Except for multiply, shift and byte manipulation instructions, most integer instructions are completed by the end of stage five and thus have a latency of one cycle. The barrel shifter is pipelined, but shift and byte manipulation instructions are not completed by the end of stage six, and thus have a latency of two cycles. The multiplier was not pipelined in order to save die area, thus multiply instructions have a variable latency of 19 to 23 cycles depending on the operands. In stage seven, integer instructions write their results to the IRF.
Address unit.
The address unit, also known as the "A-box", executed load and store instructions. To enable the address unit and integer unit to operate in parallel, the address unit has its own displacement adder, which it uses to calculate virtual addresses, instead of using the adder in the integer unit. A 32-entry fully associative translation lookaside buffer (TLB) is used to translate virtual addresses into physical addresses. This TLB is referred to as the "data translation buffer" (DTB). The 21064 implemented a 43-bit virtual address and a 34-bit physical address, and is therefore is capable of addressing 8 TB of virtual memory and 16 GB of physical memory.
Store instructions result in data buffered in a 4-entry by 32-byte write buffer. The write buffer improved performance by reducing the number of writes on the system bus by merging data from adjacent stores and by temporarily delaying stores, enabling loads to be serviced quicker as the system bus is not utilized as often.
Floating-point unit.
The floating-point unit consists of the floating-point register file (FRF) and the F-box. The FRF contains thirty-two 64-bit registers and has three read ports and two write ports. The F-box contained a floating-point pipeline and a non-pipelined divide unit which retired one bit per cycle.
The floating-point register file is read and the data formatted into fraction, exponent, and sign in stage four. If executing add instructions, the adder calculates the exponent difference, and a predictive leading one or zero detector using input operands for normalizing the result is initiated. If executing multiply instructions, a 3 X multiplicand is generated.
In stages five and six, alignment or a normalization shift and sticky-bit calculations are performed for adds and subtracts. Multiply instructions are multiplied in a pipelined, two-way interleaved array which uses a radix-8 Booth algorithm. In stage eight, final addition is performed in parallel with rounding. Floating-point instructions write their results to the FRF in stage ten.
Instructions executed in the pipeline have a six-cycle latency. Single-precision (32-bit) and double-precision (64-bit) divides, which are executed in the non-pipelined divide unit, have a latency of 31 and 61 cycles, respectively.
Caches.
The 21064 has two on-die primary caches: an 8 KB data cache (known as the D-cache) using a write-through write policy and an 8 KB instruction cache (known as the I-cache). Both caches are direct-mapped for single-cycle access and have 32-byte line size. The caches are built with six-transistor static random access memory (SRAM) cells that have an area of 98 µm2. The caches are 1,024 cells wide by 66 cells tall, with the top two rows used for redundancy.
An optional external secondary cache, known as the B-cache, with capacities of 128 KB to 16 MB was supported. The cache operated at one-third to one-sixteenth of the internal clock frequency, or 12.5 to 66.67 MHz at 200 MHz. The B-cache is direct-mapped and has a 128-byte line size by default that could be configured to use larger quantities. The B-cache is accessed via the system bus.
External interface.
The external interface is a 128-bit data bus that operated at half to one-eighth the internal clock rate, or 25 to 100 MHz at 200 MHz. The width of the bus was configurable, systems using the 21064 could have a 64-bit external interface. The external interface also consisted of a 34-bit address bus.
Fabrication.
The 21064 contained 1.68 million transistors. The original EV4 was fabricated by Digital in its CMOS-4 process, which has a 0.75 µm feature size and three levels of aluminium interconnect. The EV4 measures 13.9 mm by 16.8 mm, for an area of 233.52 mm2. The later EV4S was fabricated in CMOS-4S, a 10% optical shrink of CMOS-4 with a 0.675 µm feature size. This version measured 12.4 mm by 15.0 mm, for an area 186 mm2.
The 21064 used a 3.3-volt (V) power supply. The EV4 dissipated a maximum of 30 W at 200 MHz. The EV4S dissipates a maximum of 21.0 W at 150 MHz, 22.5 W at 166 MHz, and 27.0 W at 200 MHz.
Package.
The 21064 is packaged in a 431-pin alumina-ceramic pin grid array (PGA) measuring 61.72 mm by 61.72 mm. Of the 431 pins, 291 were for signals and 140 were for power and ground. The heatsink is directly attached to the package, secured by nuts attached to two studs protruding from the tungsten heat spreader.
Derivatives.
Alpha 21064A.
The Alpha 21064A, introduced as the DECchip 21064A, code-named EV45, is a further development of the Alpha 21064 introduced in October 1993. It operated at clock frequencies of 200, 225, 233, 275 and 300 MHz. The 225 MHz model was replaced by the 233 MHz model on 6 July 1994, which at introduction, was priced at US$788 in quantities of 5,000, 10% less than the 225 MHz model it replaced. On the same day, prices for the 275 MHz was also reduced by 25% to US$1,083 in quantities of 5,000. The 300 MHz model was announced and sampled on 2 October 1995 and was shipped in December 1995. There was also one model, the 21064A-275-PC, that was restricted to running the Windows NT or operating systems that use the Windows NT memory management model.
The 21064A succeeded the original 21064 as the high-end Alpha microprocessor. It subsequently saw the most use in high-end systems. Users included:
The 21064A had a number of microarchitectural improvements over the 21064. The primary caches were improved in two ways: the capacity of the I-cache and D-cache was doubled from 8 KB to 16 KB and parity protection was added to the cache tag and cache data arrays. Floating-point divides have a lower latency due to an improved divider that retires two bits per cycle on average. Branch prediction was improved by a larger 4,096-entry by 2-bit BHT.
The 21064A contains 2.8 million transistors and is 14.5 by 10.5 mm large, for an area of 152.25 mm2. It was fabricated by Digital in their fifth-generation CMOS process, CMOS-5, a 0.5 µm process with four levels of aluminium interconnect.
Alpha 21066.
The Alpha 21066, introduced as the DECchip 21066, code-named LCA4 ("Low Cost Alpha"), is a low-cost variant of Alpha 21064. Samples were introduced on 10 September 1993, with volume shipments in early 1994. At the time of introduction, the 166 MHz Alpha 21066 was priced at US$385 in quantities of 5,000. A 100 MHz model, intended for embedded systems, also existed. Sampling begun in late 1994, with volume shipments in the third quarter of 1995. The "Microprocessor Report" recognized the Alpha 21066 as the first microprocessor with an integrated PCI controller.
The Alpha 21066 was intended for use in low-cost applications, specifically personal computers running Windows NT. Digital used various models of the Alpha 21066 in their Multia clients, AXPpci 33 original equipment manufacturer (OEM) motherboards and AXPvme single board computers. Outside of Digital, users included Aspen Systems in its Alpine workstation, Carrera Computers in its Pantera I workstation, NekoTech used a 166 MHz model in its Mach 1-166 personal computer, and Parsys in its TransAlpha TA9000 Series supercomputers.
Due to the process shrink, it was able to include features that were desirable in cost-sensitive embedded systems. These features include an on-die B-cache and memory controller with ECC support, a functionally limited graphics accelerator supporting up to 8 MB of VRAM for implementing a framebuffer, a PCI controller and a phase locked loop (PLL) clock generator for multiplying a 33 MHz external clock signal to the desired internal clock frequency.
The memory controller supported 64 KB to 2 MB of B-cache and 2 to 512 MB of memory. The ECC implementation was capable of detecting 1-, 2- and 4-bit errors and correcting 1-bit errors. To reduce cost, the Alpha 21066 has a 64-bit system bus, which reduced the number of pins and thus the size of the package. The reduced width of the system bus also reduced bandwidth and thus performance by 20%, which was deemed acceptable.
The 21066 contained 1.75 million transistors and measured 17.0 by 12.3 mm, for an area of 209.1 mm2. It was fabricated in CMOS-4S, a 0.675 µm process with three levels of interconnect. The 21066 was packaged in a 287-pin CPGA measuring 57.404 by 57.404 mm.
Alpha 21066A.
The Alpha 21066A, code-named LCA45, is a low-cost variant of the Alpha 21064A. It was announced on 14 November 1994, with samples of 100 and 233 MHz models introduced on the same day. Both models were shipped in March 1995. When announced, the 100 and 233 MHz models were priced at $175 and $360, respectively, in quantities of 5,000. A 266 MHz model was later made available.
The 21066A was second sourced by Mitsubishi Electric as the M36066A. It was the first Alpha microprocessor to be fabricated by the company. 100 and 233 MHz parts were announced in November 1994. At the time of the announcement, engineering samples were set for December 1994, commercial samples in July 1995 and volume quantities in September 1995. The 233 MHz part was priced at $490 in quantities of 1,000.
Although it was based on the 21064A, the 21066A did not have the 16 KB instruction and data caches. A feature specific to the 21066A was power management – the microprocessor's internal clock frequency could be adjusted by software.
Digital used various models of 21066A in their products which had previously used the 21066. Outside of Digital, Tadpole Technology used a 233 MHz model in their ALPHAbook 1 notebook.
The 21066A contained 1.8 million transistors on a die measuring 14.8 by 10.9 mm, for an area of 161.32 mm2. It was fabricated in Digital's fifth-generation CMOS process, CMOS-5, a 0.5 µm process with three levels of interconnect. Mitsubishi Electric fabricated the M36066A in its own 0.5 μm three-level-metal process.
Alpha 21068.
The Alpha 21068, introduced as the DECchip 21068, is a version of the 21066 positioned for embedded systems. It was identical to the 21066 but was offered at a lower clock rate to reduce power dissipation and cost. Samples were introduced on 10 September 1993 with volume shipments in early 1994. It operated at 66 MHz and had a 9 W maximum power dissipation. At the time of introduction, the 21068 was priced at US$221 each in quantities of 5,000. On 6 June 1994, Digital announced that it was cutting the price by 16% to US$186, effective on 3 July 1994.
The Alpha 21068 was used by Digital in their AXPpci 33 motherboard and the AXPvme 64 and 64LC single-board computers.
Alpha 21068A.
The Alpha 21068A, introduced as the DECchip 21068A, is a variant of the Alpha 21066A for embedded systems. It operated at a clock frequency of 100 MHz.
Chipsets.
Initially, there was no standard chipset for the 21064 and 21064A. Digital's computers used custom application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) to interface the microprocessor to the system. As this raised development cost for third-parties who wished to develop Alpha-based products, Digital developed a standard chipset, the DECchip 21070 ("Apecs"), for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).
There were two models of the 21070, the DECchip 21071 and the DECchip 21072. The 21071 was intended for workstations whereas the 21072 was intended for high-end workstations or low-end uniprocessor servers. The two models differed in memory subsystem features: the 21071 has a 64-bit memory bus and supports 8 MB to 2 GB of parity-protected memory whereas the 21072 has a 128-bit memory bus and supports 16 MB to 4 GB of ECC-protected memory.
The chipset consisted of three chip designs, the COMANCHE B-cache and memory controller, the DECADE data slice and the EPIC PCI controller. The DECADE chips implemented the data paths in 32-bit slices and therefore the 21071 has two such chips while the 21072 has four. The EPIC chip has a 32-bit path to the DECADE chips.
The 21070 was introduced on 10 January 1994, with samples available. Volume shipments began in mid-1994. In quantities of 5,000, the 21071 was priced at $90 and the 21072 at $120.
21070 users included Carrera Computers for its Pantera workstations and Digital in some models of its AlphaStations and uniprocessor AlphaServers.

</doc>
<doc id="20133091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133091" title="Pollo a la Brasa">
Pollo a la Brasa

Pollo a la Brasa, also known as Peruvian chicken or Blackened chicken in the United States and Charcoal Chicken in Australia, is a common dish of Peruvian cuisine and one of the most consumed in Peru, along with ceviche, and Chifa. The dish originated in the city of Lima in the 1950s. 
The origins of the recipe are attributed to Roger Schuler, a Swiss citizen who was in the hotel business in Peru. He devised the specific method of cooking the chicken, observing his cook's technique in preparation, and gradually, along with his business partners, perfected the recipe, creating the Granja Azul restaurant in Santa Clara, district of Ate, in Lima.
Originally its consumption was specific to the wealthy people (during the 1950s until the 1970s). The original version consisted of a chicken (cooked in charcoal and marinated only with salt) served with large french fries and traditionally eaten with the fingers, without cutlery. 
Peruvian Cuisine was listed among the top 3 of the United States' hottest foods in 2013. Pollo a la brasa can now be found in eateries all throughout the U.S. and is considered to be a staple item on the menu of Peruvian/American fusion restaurants, such as Village Pisco in Greenwich Village, NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="20133095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133095" title="Alpha 21164">
Alpha 21164

The Alpha 21164, also known by its code name, EV5, is a microprocessor developed and fabricated by Digital Equipment Corporation that implemented the Alpha instruction set architecture (ISA). It was introduced in January 1995, succeeding the Alpha 21064A as Digital's flagship microprocessor. It was succeeded by the Alpha 21264 in 1998.
History.
First silicon of the Alpha 21164 was produced in February 1994, and the OpenVMS, Digital UNIX and Windows NT operating systems were successfully booted on it. It was sampled in late 1994 and was introduced in January 1995 at 266 MHz. A 300 MHz version was introduced in March 1995. The final Alpha 21164, a 333 MHz version, was announced on 2 October 1995, available in sample quantities. The Alpha 21164 was replaced by the Alpha 21164A as Digital's flagship microprocessor in 1996 when a 400 MHz version became available in volume quantities.
Users.
Digital used the Alpha 21164 operating at various clock frequencies in their AlphaServer servers, AlphaStation workstations. Digital also used the Alpha 21164 in their Alpha VME 5/352 and Alpha VME 5/480 single board computers and AlphaPC 164 and AlphaPC 164LX motherboards. Alpha partner Cray Research used a 300 MHz Alpha 21164 in their T3E-600 supercomputer. Third parties such as DeskStation also built workstations using the Alpha 21164.
Performance.
The 21164 continued the performance lead from the 275 MHz Alpha 21064A until the introduction of the Intel Pentium Pro in November 1995, when a 200 MHz version outperformed the 300 MHz 21164 on the SPECint95_base benchmark suite. The 21164 retained its floating-point performance lead. The 333 MHz 21164 introduce the following year outperformed the Pentium Pro, but it was later surpassed by the MIPS Technologies R10000 and then by the Hewlett-Packard PA-8000 in the same year.
Description.
The Alpha 21164 is a four-issue superscalar microprocessor capable of issuing a maximum of four instructions per clock cycle to four execution units: two integer and two floating-point. The integer pipeline is seven stages long, and the floating-point pipeline is ten stages long. The 21164 implemented a 43-bit virtual address and a 40-bit physical address. It was therefore capable of addressing 8 TB of virtual memory and 1 TB of physical memory.
Integer unit.
The integer unit consisted of two integer pipelines and the integer register file. The two pipelines, the add pipeline and the multiply pipeline are not identical, each are responsible for executing different instructions, although both are capable of executing common add, logical, load, compare, and conditional move instructions. The multiply pipeline exclusively executes shift, store, and multiply instructions (in a non-pipelined multiplier). The add pipeline exclusively executes branch instructions.
Except for branch, conditional move, and multiply instructions, all other instructions begin and finish execution during stage five for a one cycle latency. Branch and conditional move instructions are executed during stage six so they can be issued with a compare instruction whose result they depend on.
The integer register file contained forty 64-bit registers, of which thirty-two are specified by the Alpha Architecture and eight are for use by PALcode as scratchpad memory. The register file has four read ports and two write ports evenly divided between the two integer pipelines.
Floating-point unit.
The floating-point unit consisted of two floating-point pipelines and the floating point register file. The two pipelines are not identical, one executed all floating-point instructions except for multiply, and the other executed only multiply instructions. Both pipelines have four stages. A non-pipelined floating-point divider is connected to the add pipeline. All floating-point instructions except for divide have four-cycle latency. Divides have variable latency that depends on whether the operation is being performed on single or on double precision floating-point numbers and numbers. Including overhead, single precision divides have a 15- to 31-cycle latency, whereas double precision divides have a 22- to 60-cycle latency.
Cache.
The 21164 has three levels of cache, two on-die and one external and optional. The caches and the associated logic consisted of 7.2 million transistors.
The primary cache is split into separate caches for instructions and data, referred to as the I-cache and D-cache respectively. They are 8 KB in size, direct-mapped and have a cache line size of 32 bytes. The D-cache is dual-ported, to improve performance, and is implemented by duplicating the cache twice. It uses a write-through write policy and an on-read allocation policy.
The secondary cache, known as the S-cache, is on-die and has a capacity of 96 KB. An on-die secondary cache was required as the 21164 required more bandwidth than an external secondary cache could supply in order to provide it with enough instructions and data. The cache required two cycles to access due to its large area. To improve performance, the cache is pipelined. Another benefit of an on-die secondary cache was that it could be easily implemented as a multi-way cache, and as a result, the cache is three-way set associative, offering improved hit rates than direct-mapped caches. The S-cache, due to the large physical area required, was implemented in two halves which flank the I-box, E-box, F-box and M-box. This was done so the cache could return data in two cycles.
The tertiary cache, known as the B-cache, is implemented with external SRAMs. The B-cache was optional and some systems using the Alpha 21164 did not have any. The B-cache could have a capacity of 1 to 64 MB, smaller capacities were not supported as they were rendered useless by the on-die S-cache. It is direct-mapped, uses a write-back write policy and an on-write allocation policy. The B-cache is controlled by on-die external interface logic, unlike the 21064, which required an external cache controller. The B-cache could be built with asynchronous or synchronous SRAMs. The B-cache is accessed via the system bus.
External interface.
The external interface is a 128-bit system bus. The system bus operates at a clock frequency that is 3 to 15 times lower than the internal clock frequency, or 20 to 100 MHz with an internal clock frequency 300 MHz. The system bus' clock signal is generated by the microprocessor.
Clock.
The internal clock frequency is generated by dividing an external clock signal by two. The Alpha 21164 therefore requires an external clock signal of 600 MHz for a 300 MHz Alpha 21164.
Fabrication.
The Alpha 21164 contains 9.3 million transistors on a die measuring 16.5 by 18.1 mm (299 mm2), which was close to the maximum limits of the process. The die was fabricated in Digital's fifth-generation complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor (CMOS) process, CMOS-5, a 0.50 µm process with four levels of aluminium interconnect. The 21164 used a 3.3-volt (V) power supply. It dissipated 46 W at 266 MHz, 51 W at 300 MHz, 56 W at 333 MHz.
Package.
The Alpha 21164 is packaged in a 499-pin ceramic interstitial pin grid array (IPGA) measuring 57.40 by 57.40 mm. The package had a heat spreader with two studs to which the heat sink was bolted.
Derivatives.
Alpha 21164 (EV56).
The Alpha 21164 was the basis of a further development code-named EV56. It was introduced as the Alpha 21164, but was originally known as the Alpha 21164A. It operated at clock frequencies of 366, 433, 500, 533, 600 and 666 MHz.
History.
It was first described in October 1995 at the Microprocessor Forum. On 13 November 1995, Digital announced that samples would ship later in the month. The first version, operating at 366 MHz, was introduced in 1996. On 8 July 1996, Digital announced that a 433 MHz version was available and a 500 MHz version was sampling with volume quantities due in September 1996. The 433 MHz version was priced at $1,492 per unit in quantities of 1,000. The 600 MHz version was introduced on 31 March 1997, shipping in volume quantities. Samsung Electronics signed a deal with Digital in June 1996 to second source the Alpha 21164A and the company was the only one to fabricate the 666 MHz model. 366 to 500 MHz samples were introduced on 11 November 1996 with volume availability in 1997. The Alpha 21164A was fabricated at Digital's Hudson, Massachusetts and Samsung's Kihueng, South Korea fabrication plants.
Users of the Alpha 21164A included Cray Research, Digital, Network Appliance (now NetApp), and DeskStation. Cray Research used 450, 600 and 675 MHz Alpha 21164As in later models of their T3E supercomputer. Digital used the Alpha 21164A operating at various clock frequencies in their AlphaServers, AlphaStations, Celebris XL workstations and Digital Personal Workstations. NetApp used 400, 500 and 600 MHz Alpha 21164As in their storage systems. DeskStation used the Alpha 21164A in their Raptor Reflex workstations.
Description.
The most notable change was the inclusion of Byte Word Extensions (BWX), an extension to the Alpha Architecture designed to improve byte and word accesses. These instructions are executed by the multiply pipeline. The Alpha 21164A contained 9.66 million transistors on a die measuring 14.4 mm by 14.5 mm, for a die area of 209 mm2. Digital fabricated the die in their sixth generation CMOS process, CMOS-6, a 0.35 µm process with four layers of interconnect. Samsung fabricated the die in their 0.35 µm process with four layers of interconnect based on a 0.3 µm process they developed in early 1996. The Alpha 21164A used a 3.3 V power supply, dissipating 31.0 W at 366 MHz, 36.0 W at 433 MHz, 41.0 W at 500 MHz, 43.5 W at 533 MHz and 48.5 W at 600 MHz.
Alpha 21164PC (PCA56).
The Alpha 21164PC, also known as the PCA56, is a low-cost version of the Alpha 21164A introduced on 17 March 1997. The microprocessor was jointly developed by Digital and Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, and both companies fabricated the design. Mitsubishi later suspended the joint development agreement for future Alpha microprocessors with Digital in early 1998 and ceased to fabricate the Alpha 21164PC in mid-1998, exited the Alpha market because the economic conditions in the company's markets.
The Alpha 21164PC operated at clock frequencies of 400, 466 and 533 MHz. Major changes are the omission of the S-cache, a larger I-cache, and the inclusion of Motion Video Instructions (MVI), an extension to the Alpha Architecture which introduced single instruction multiple data (SIMD) instructions for improving the performance of MPEG encoding. The S-cache was removed to reduce the transistor count, which reduced the die size and in turn, cost. The I-cache was doubled in capacity to 16 KB from 8 KB to compensate for the lack of S-cache, as the Alpha 21164 relied on the S-cache to complement the I-cache in order to provide enough bandwidth to achieve adequate performance. The amount of B-cache was limited to 512 KB to 4 MB, with 1 and 2 MB capacities also supported. The microprocessor uses a 43-bit virtual address and 33-bit physical address.
The Alpha 21164PC contained 3.5 million transistors on a die measuring 8.65 by 16.28 mm, for a die area of 141 mm2. Digital fabricated the die in the same process as the Alpha 21164, CMOS-5. The Alpha 21164PC was packaged in 413-pin IPGA measuring 49.78 by 49.78 mm. It used a 3.3 V power supply, dissipating 26.5 W at 400 MHz, 30.5 W at 466 MHz and 35.0 W at 533 MHz.
The Alpha 21164PC was used by Digital in their AlphaPC 164SX motherboard.
Alpha 21164PC (PCA57).
A derivative of the PCA56, the PCA57 was designed and fabricated by Samsung Electronics in a 0.28 µm CMOS process. The PCA57 was introduced in late 1998 and operated at clock frequencies of 533, 600 and 666 MHz. Improvements to the PCA56 microarchitecture included doubled I-cache and D-cache capacities: 32 KB and 16 KB respectively. The PCA57 contained 5.7 million transistors on a die measuring 6.7 mm by 15 mm, for a die area of 101 mm2. It operated on a 2.5 V power supply and dissipated 18 W at 533 MHz, 20 W at 600 MHz and 23 W at 666 MHz.
The PCA57 was used by Digital in its AlphaPC 164RX motherboard.
Chipsets.
Digital and VLSI Technology developed chipsets for the 21164 and its derivatives. Digital also developed custom application-specific integrated circuit (ASICs) for use in the high-end models of their AlphaServer family such as the AlphaServer 8200 and 8400.
21171.
The 21171, also known as Alcor, was the first chipset for the 21164, introduced in January 1995 alongside the microprocessor it supports. It was developed and fabricated by Digital. The 21171 is an upgraded DECchip 21071 modified to support the new system bus protocol the 21164 uses. It consisted of a control chip that contained the memory and PCI controllers, and four data slice chips that interfaced the 256-bit memory bus and PCI bus to the system bus. The 21171 provides a 64-bit wide PCI bus that runs at 33 MHz.
21172.
The 21172, also known as Alcor2, was an updated 21171 that supported the 21164A.
Pyxis.
The Pyxis chipset, also known as the 21174, supported the 21164A and 21164PC microprocessors. Unlike previous chipsets, it was designed for low-cost systems. As a result, it was a single-chip design packaged in a 474-contact ceramic ball grid array (CBGA) instead of multiple packages. It was subsequently used in cost-sensitive applications such as entry-level workstations (Digital Personal Workstation a-Series) and motherboards such as the AlphaPC 164LX and 164SX. When it was introduced, the 21174 was priced at US$142 in quantities of 1,000.
The 21174 contains a memory controller and PCI controller. The memory controller supported up to 512 MB of synchronous dynamic random access memory (SDRAM) and accesses it via a 128-bit memory bus. The memory can be either ECC or parity protected. The PCI controller provided a PCI or PCI-X bus.
Polaris.
Polaris is a system controller developed by VLSI Technology for personal computers that supports the 21164A and 21164PC microprocessors. Polaris was announced on 16 June 1997. It supports up to 768 MB of EDO DRAM or up to 512 MB of SDRAM. The memory is accessed via a 128-bit bus. It provides a 32-bit, 33 MHz PCI bus for I/O.
Users of Polaris included Digital, for its AlphaPC 164RX motherboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20133101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133101" title="Alpha 21264">
Alpha 21264

The Alpha 21264 was a Digital Equipment Corporation RISC microprocessor introduced in October, 1996. The 21264 implemented the Alpha instruction set architecture (ISA).
Description.
The Alpha 21264 was a four-issue superscalar microprocessor with out-of-order execution and speculative execution. It had a peak execution rate of six instructions per cycle and could sustain four instructions per cycle. It had a seven-stage instruction pipeline.
Out of order execution.
At any given stage, the microprocessor could have up to 80 instructions in various stages of execution, surpassing any other contemporary microprocessor.
Decoded instructions are queued in instruction queues and are issued when their operands are available. The integer queue contained 20 entries and the floating-point queue 15. Each queue could issue as many instructions as there were pipelines.
Ebox.
The Ebox executed integer, load and store instructions. It has two integer units, two load store units and two integer register files. Each integer register file contained 80 entries, of which 32 are architectural registers, 40 are rename registers and 8 are PALshadow registers. There was no entry for register R31 because in the Alpha architecture, R31 is hardwired to zero and can only be read from.
Each register file served an integer unit and a load store unit, and the register file and its two units are referred to as a "cluster". The two clusters were designated U0 and U1. This scheme was used as it reduced the number of write and read ports required to serve operands and receive results, thus reducing the physical size of the register file, enabling the microprocessor to operate at higher clock frequencies. Writes to any of the register files thus have to be synchronized, which required a clock cycle to complete, negatively impacting performance by one percent. The reduction of performance resulting from the synchronization was compensated in two ways. Firstly, the higher clock frequency achievable offset the loss. Secondly, the logic responsible for instruction issue avoided creating situations where the register file had to be synchronized by issuing instructions that were not dependent on data held in other register file where possible.
The clusters are near identical except for two differences: U1 has a seven-cycle pipelined multiplier while U0 has a three-cycle pipeline for executing Motion Video Instructions (MVI), an extension to the Alpha Architecture defining single instruction multiple data (SIMD) instructions for multimedia.
The load store units are simple arithmetic logic units used to calculate virtual addresses for memory access. They are also capable of executing simple arithmetic and logic instructions. The Alpha 21264 instruction issue logic utilized this capability, issuing instructions to these units when they were available for use (not performing address arithmetic).
The Ebox therefore has four 64-bit adders, four logic units, two barrel shifters, byte-manipulation logic, two sets of conditional branch logic equally divided between U1 and U0.
Fbox.
The Fbox is responsible for executing floating-point instructions. It consists of two floating-point pipelines and a floating-point register file. The pipelines are not identical, one executes the majority of instructions and the other only multiply instructions. The adder pipeline has two non-pipelined units connected to it, a divide unit and a square root unit. Adds, multiplies and most other instructions have a 4-cycle latency, a double-precision divide has 16-cycle latency and a double-precision square root has a 33-cycle latency. The floating point register file contains 72 entries, of which 32 are architectural registers and 40 are rename registers.
Cache.
The Alpha 21264 has two levels of cache, a primary cache and secondary cache. The three-level cache of the Alpha 21164 was not used due to problems with bandwidth.
Primary caches.
The primary cache is split into separate caches for instructions and data, the I-cache and D-cache respectively. Both caches have a capacity of 64 KB. The D-cache is dual-ported by transferring data on both the rising and falling edges of the clock signal. This method of dual-porting enabled any combination of reads or writes to the cache every processor cycle. It also avoided duplication the cache so there are two, as in the Alpha 21164. Duplicating the cache restricted the capacity of the cache, as it required more transistors to provide the same amount of capacity, and in turn increased the area required and power consumed.
B-cache.
The secondary cache, termed the B-cache, is an external cache with a capacity of 1 to 16 MB. It is controlled by the microprocessor and is implemented by synchronous static random access memory (SSRAM) chips that operate at two thirds, half, one-third or one-fourth the internal clock frequency, or 133 to 333 MHz at 500 MHz. The B-cache was accessed with a dedicated 128-bit bus that operates at the same clock frequency as the SSRAM or at twice the clock frequency if double data rate SSRAM is used. The B-cache is direct-mapped.
Branch prediction.
Branch prediction is performed by a tournament branch prediction algorithm. The algorithm was developed by Scott McFarling at Digital's Western Research Laboratory (WRL) and was described in a 1993 paper. This predictor was used as the Alpha 21264 has a minimum branch misprediction penalty of seven cycles. Due to the instruction cache's two cycle latency and the instruction queues, the average branch misprediction penalty is 11 cycles. The algorithm maintains two history tables, Local and Global, and the table used to predict the outcome of a branch is determined by a Choice predictor.
The local predictor is a two-level table which records the history of individual branches. It consists of a 1,024-entry by 10-bit branch history table. A two-level table was used as the prediction accuracy is similar to that of a larger single-level table while requiring fewer bits of storage. It has a 1,024-entry branch history table. Each entry is a 3-bit saturating counter. The value of the counter determines whether the current branch is taken or not taken.
The choice predictor records the history of the local and global predictors to determine which predictor is the best for a particular branch. It has a 4,096-entry branch history table. Each entry is a 2-bit saturating counter. The value of the counter determines if the local or global predictor is used.
External interface.
The external interface consisted of a bidirectional 64-bit double data rate (DDR) data bus and two 15-bit unidirectional time-multiplexed address and control buses, one for signals originating from the Alpha 21264 and one for signals originating from the system. Digital licensed the bus to Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), and it was subsequently used in their Athlon microprocessors, where it was known as the EV6 bus.
Fabrication.
The Alpha 21264 contained 15.2 million transistors. The logic consisted of approximately six million transistors, with the rest contained in the caches and branch history tables. The die measured 16.7 mm by 18.8 mm (313.96 mm²). It was fabricated in a 0.35 µm complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor (CMOS) process with six levels of interconnect.
Packaging.
The Alpha 21264 was packaged in a 587-pin ceramic interstitial pin grid array (IPGA).
Alpha Processor, Inc. later sold the Alpha 21264 in a Slot B package containing the microprocessor mounted on a printed circuit board with the B-cache and voltage regulators. The design was intended to use the success of slot-based microprocessors from Intel and AMD. Slot B was originally developed to be used by AMD's Athlon as well, so that API could obtain materials for the Slot B at commodity prices in order to reduce the cost of the Alpha 21264 to gain a wider market share. This never materialized as AMD chose to use Slot A for their slot-based Athlons.
Derivatives.
Alpha 21264A.
The Alpha 21264A, code-named EV67 was a shrink of the Alpha 21264 introduced in late 1999. There were six versions: 600, 667, 700, 733, 750, 833 MHz. The EV67 was the first Alpha microprocessor to implement the count extension (CIX), which extended the instruction set with instructions for performing population count. It was fabricated by Samsung Electronics in a 0.25 µm CMOS process that had 0.25 µm transistors but 0.35 µm metal layers. The die had an area of 210 mm². The EV68 used a 2.0 V power supply. It dissipated a maximum of 73 W at 600 MHz, 80 W at 667 MHz, 85 W at 700 MHz, 88 W at 733 MHz and 90 W at 750 MHz.
Alpha 21264B.
The Alpha 21264B is a further development for increased clock frequencies. There were two models, one fabricated by IBM, code-named EV68C, and one by Samsung, code-named EV68A.
The EV68A was fabricated in a 0.18 µm CMOS process with aluminium interconnects. It had a die size of 125 mm², a third smaller than the Alpha 21264A, and used a 1.7 V power supply. It was available in volume in 2001 at clock frequencies of 750, 833, 875 and 940 MHz. The EV68A dissipated a maximum of 60 W at 750 MHz, 67 W at 833 MHz, 70 W at 875 MHz and 75 W at 940 MHz.
The EV68C was fabricated in a 0.18 µm CMOS process with copper interconnects. It was sampled in early 2000 and achieved a maximum clock frequency of 1.25 GHz.
In September 1998, Samsung announced they would fabricate a variant of the Alpha 21264B in a 0.18 µm fully depleted silicon-on-insulator (SOI) process with copper interconnects that was capable of achieving a clock frequency of 1.5 GHz. This version never materialized.
Alpha 21264C.
The Alpha 21264C, code-named EV68CB was a derivative of the Alpha 21264. It was available at clock frequencies of 1.0, 1.25 and 1.33 GHz. The EV68CB contained 15.5 million transistors and measured 120 mm². It was fabricated by IBM in a 0.18 µm CMOS process with seven levels of copper interconnect and low-K dielectric. It was packaged in a 675-pad flip-chip ceramic land grid array (CLGA) measuring 49.53 by 49.53 mm. The EV68A used a 1.7 V power supply, dissipating a maximum of 64 W at 1.0 GHz, 75 W at 1.25 GHz and 80 W at 1.33 GHz.
Alpha 21264D.
The Alpha 21264D, code-named EV68CD is a faster derivative fabricated by IBM.
Alpha 21264E.
The Alpha 21264E, code-named EV68E, was a cancelled derivative developed by Samsung first announced on 10 October 2000 at Microprocessor Forum 2000 slated for introduction at around mid-2001. Improvements were a higher operating frequency of 1.25 GHz and the addition of an on-die 1.85 MB secondary cache. It was to be fabricated in a 0.18 micrometre CMOS process with copper interconnects.
Chipsets.
Digital and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) both developed chipsets for the Alpha 21264.
21272.
The Digital 21272, also known as the Tsunami and Typhoon was the first chipset for the Alpha 21264. The 21272 chipset supported two-, three- or four-way multiprocessing and one or two 64-bit 33 MHz PCI buses. It had 128- to 512-bit memory bus which operated at 83 MHz, yielding a maximum bandwidth of 5,312 MB/s. The chipset supported 100 MHz registered ECC SDRAM.
The chipset consisted of three devices, a C-chip, a D-chip and a P-chip. The number of devices which made up the chipset varied as it was determined by the configuration of the chipset. The C-chip is the control chip containing the memory controller. One C-chip was required for every microprocessor.
The P-chip is the PCI controller, implementing a 33 MHz PCI bus. The 21272 could have one or two P-chips.
The 21272 was used extensively by Digital, Compaq and Hewlett Packard in their entry-level to mid-range AlphaServers and in all models of the AlphaStation. It was also used in third-party products from Alpha Processor, Inc. (later known as API NetWorks) such as their UP2000+ motherboard.
Irongate.
AMD developed two Alpha 21264-compatible chipsets, the Irongate, also known as the AMD-751, and its successor, Irongate-2, also known as the AMD-761. These chipsets were developed for their Athlon microprocessors but due to AMD licensing the EV6 bus used in the Alpha from Digital, the Athlon and Alpha 21264 were compatible in terms of bus protocol. The Irongate was used by Samsung in their UP1000 and UP1100 motherboards. The Irongate-2 was used by Samsung in their UP1500 motherboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20133112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133112" title="Alpha 21364">
Alpha 21364

The Alpha 21364, code-named "Marvel", also known as EV7 is a microprocessor developed by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), later Compaq Computer Corporation, that implemented the Alpha instruction set architecture (ISA).
History.
The Alpha 21364 was revealed in October 1998 by Compaq at the 11th Annual Microprocessor Forum, where it was described as an Alpha 21264 with a 1.5 MB 6-way set-associative on-die secondary cache, an integrated Direct Rambus DRAM memory controller and an integrated network controller for connecting to other microprocessors. Changes to the Alpha 21264 core included a larger victim buffer, which was quadrupled in capacity to 32 entries, 16 for the Dcache and 16 for the Scache. It was reported by the "Microprocessor Report" that Compaq considered implementing minor changes to branch predictor to improve branch prediction accuracy and doubling the miss buffer in capacity to 16 entries instead of 8 in the Alpha 21264.
It was expected to be taped-out in late 1999, with samples available in early 2000 and volume shipments in late 2000. However, the original schedule was delayed, with the tape-out in April 2001 instead of late 1999. The Alpha 21364 was introduced on 20 January 2002 when systems using the microprocessor debuted. It operated at 1.25 GHz, but production models in the AlphaServer ES47, ES80 and GS1280 operated at 1.0 GHz or 1.15 GHz. Unlike previous Alpha microprocessors, the Alpha 21364 was not sold on the open market.
The Alpha 21364 was originally intended to be succeeded by the Alpha 21464, code-named EV8, a new implementation of the Alpha ISA with four-way simultaneous multithreading (SMT). It was first presented in October 1999 at the 12th Annual Microprocessor Forum, but was cancelled on 25 June 2001 at a late stage of development.
Development.
The development of the Alpha 21364 was most focused on features that would improve memory performance and multiprocessor scalability. The focus on memory performance was the result of column published in "Microprocessor Report" titled, "It's the Memory, Stupid!" written by Richard L. Sites, the chief architect of the Alpha Architecture. The column concluded that, "Over the coming decade, memory subsystem design will be the only important design issue for microprocessors."
Description.
The Alpha 21364 was an Alpha 21264 with a 1.75 MB on-die secondary cache, two integrated memory controllers and an integrated network controller.
Core.
The Alpha 21364's core is based on the EV68CB, a derivative of the Alpha 21264. The only modification was a larger victim buffer, now quadrupled in capacity to 32 entries. The 32 entries of victim buffer is divided equally into 16 entries each for the Dcache and Scache. Although the Alpha 21364 is a fourth-generation implementation of the Alpha Architecture, aside from this modification, the core is otherwise identical to the EV68CB derivative of the Alpha 21264.
Scache.
The secondary cache (termed "Scache") is a unified cache with a capacity of 1.75 MB. It is 7-way set associative, uses a 64-byte line size, and has a write-back policy. The cache is protected by single-bit error correction, double-bit error detection (SECDED) error-correcting code (ECC). It is connected to the cache controller by a 128-bit data path. Access to the cache is fully pipelined, yielding a sustainable bandwidth of 16 GB/s at 1.0 GHz.
The time required for data requested from the cache to when it can be used is 12 cycles. The 12-cycle latency was considered by observers, such as the "Microprocessor Report", to be significant. The latency of the Scache was not reduced further as it would have not improved performance. The Alpha 21264 core upon which the Alpha 21364 was based on was designed to use an external cache built from commodity SRAM, which has a significantly higher latency than the on-die Scache of the Alpha 21364. Thus, it could only accept data at a limited rate. Once improving latency saw no further gains, the designers focused on reducing the power consumed by the Scache. Compaq was not willing to remedy this deficiency as it would have required the Alpha 21264 core to be modified significantly. The high latency of the Scache permitted the cache tags be looked up first to determine if the Scache contained the requested data and in which bank it was located in before powering up the Scache bank and accessing it. This avoided unproductive Scache accesses, reducing power consumption.
The tag store consisted of 5.75 million transistors and data store of 108 million transistors.
Memory controller.
The Alpha 21364 has two integrated memory controllers that support Rambus DRAM (RDRAM) that operate at two thirds of the microprocessor's clock frequency, or 800 MHz at 1.2 GHz. Compaq designed custom memory controllers for the Alpha 21364, giving them capabilities not found in standard RDRAM memory controllers such as having all the 128 pages open, reducing the access latency to those pages; and proprietary fault-tolerant features.
Each memory controller provides five RDRAM channels that support PC800 Rambus inline memory modules (RIMMs). Four of the channels are used to provide memory, while the fifth is used to provide RAID-like redundancy. Each channel is 16 bits wide, operates at 400 MHz and transfers data on both the rising and falling edges of the clock signal (double data rate) for a transfer rate of 800 MT/s, yielding 1.6 GB/s of bandwidth. The total memory bandwidth of the eight channels is 12.8 GB/s.
Cache coherence is provided by the memory controllers. Each memory controller has a cache coherence engine. The Alpha 21364 uses a directory cache coherence scheme where part of the memory is used to store Modified, Exclusive, Shared, Invalid (MESI) coherency data.
R-box.
The R-box contains the network router. The network router connected the microprocessor to other microprocessors using four ports named North, South, East and West. Each port consisted of two 39-bit unidirectional links operating at 800 MHz. 32 bits were for data and 7 bits were for ECC. The network router also has a fifth port, used for I/O. This port connects to an IO7 application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), which was a bridge to an AGP 4x channel and two PCI-X buses. The I/O port consisted of two unidirectional 32-bit links operating at 200 MHz, yielding a peak bandwidth of 3.2 GB/s. The I/O port link operated at a quarter of the clock frequency to simplify the design of the I/O ASIC.
The Alpha 21364 can connect to as many as 127 other microprocessors using two network topologies: shuffle and an 2D torus. The shuffle topology had more direct paths to other microprocessors, reducing latency and therefore improving performance, but was limited to connecting up to eight microprocessors as a result of its nature. The 2D torus topology enabled the network to feature up to 128 microprocessors.
In multiprocessing systems, each microprocessor is a node with its own memory. Accessing the memory of other nodes is possible, but with a latency. The latency increases with distance, thus the Alpha 21364 implements non-uniform memory access (NUMA) multiprocessing. I/O is also distributed in an identical fashion. An Alpha 21364 microprocessor in a multiprocessing system did not have to have its RIMM slots populated with memory or its I/O port populated with devices. It could use another microprocessor's memory and I/O.
Fault tolerance.
The Alpha 21364 could operate in lock-step for fault-tolerant computers. This feature was a result in Compaq's decision to migrate Tandem's Himalaya fault-tolerant servers from the MIPS architecture to Alpha. The machines however never used the microprocessor as the decision to phase out the Alpha in favor of the Itanium was made before the availability of the Alpha 21364.
Fabrication.
The Alpha 21364 contained 152 million transistors. The die measured 21.1 mm by 18.8 mm for an area of 397 mm². It was fabricated by International Business Machines (IBM) in their 0.18 µm, seven-level copper complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor (CMOS) process. It was packaged in a 1,443-land flip-chip land grid array (LGA). It used a 1.65 V power supply and a 1.5 V external interface for a maximum power dissipation of 155 W at 1.25 GHz.
Alpha 21364A.
The Alpha 21364A, code-named EV79, previously EV78, was a further development of the Alpha 21364. It was intended to be the last Alpha microprocessor developed. Scheduled to be introduced in 2004, it was cancelled on 23 October 2003, with HP cited performance and schedule issues as reasons. A replacement, the EV7z was announced on the same day.
A prototype of the microprocessor was presented by Hewlett-Packard at the International Solid State Circuits Conference in February 2003. It operated at 1.45 GHz, had a die area of 251 mm², used a 1.2 V power supply, and dissipated 100 W (estimated).
The Alpha 21364A was to improved upon the Alpha 21364 by featuring higher clock frequencies in the range of ~1.6 to ~1.7 GHz and support for 1066 Mbit/s RDRAM memory. It was to be fabricated by IBM in their 0.13 µm silicon on insulator (SOI) process. As a result of the more advanced process, there were reductions in die size, power supply voltage (1.2 V compared to 1.65 V), and in power consumption and dissipation.
EV7z.
The EV7z was a further development of the Alpha 21364. It was the last Alpha microprocessor developed and introduced. The EV7z became known on 23 October 2003 when HP announced they had cancelled the Alpha 21364A and would be replacing it with the EV7z. The EV7z was introduced on 16 August 2004 when the only computer using the microprocessor, AlphaServer GS1280, was introduced. It was discontinued on 27 April 2007 when the computer it was featured in was discontinued. It operated at 1.3 GHz, supported PC1066 RIMMs and was fabricated in the same 0.18 µm process as the Alpha 21364. Compared to the Alpha 21364, the EV7z was 14 to 16 percent faster, but was still slower than the Alpha 21364A it replaced, which was estimated to outperform the Alpha 21364 by 25 percent at 1.5 GHz.

</doc>
<doc id="20133172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133172" title="Eddie Yount">
Eddie Yount

Floyd Edwin Yount (December 19, 1915 – October 26, 1973) was a professional baseball player. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1937 and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1939, primarily as an outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20133218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133218" title="Dizengoff Center">
Dizengoff Center

Dizengoff Center () is a shopping mall at the intersection of Dizengoff Street and King George Street in Tel Aviv. The mall is named for Meir Dizengoff, the first mayor of Tel Aviv.
History.
Dizengoff Center, designed by Israeli architect Yitzhak Yashar, was Israel's first mall. The center was built on the site of the Nordiya neighborhood. Construction began in 1972, and the first store opened five years later in 1977. The rest of the mall was finished in 1983. 
On March 4, 1996, during the Jewish holiday of Purim, the Dizengoff Center suicide bombing outside Dizengoff Center killed 13 people, many of them youngsters in costume.
Overview.
The mall has around 420 stores, one movie theater ( Lev Dizengoff, with 6 screens), restaurants, an internet cafe, a design center holding exhibitions from around the world (Soho), specialty stores (Comic books, video games, gadgets, stamp-collecting, posters), a rooftop swimming pool, two gyms, and an arcade. The mall is divided into two parts and straddles both sides of Dizengoff Street with the two parts linked by skywalks and underground passages. The underground parts of Dizengoff Center include a war room fully equipped, toilets, showers using underground aquifer waters, rooms for families etc. 
The mall also hosts weekly events. Every Friday (except for Jewish holidays) the mall hosts the "Food Fair", Israel's largest food festival, with foods from a large variety of cuisines. On Thursdays and Fridays it hosts a designers boutique, which includes fashion and jewelry from 40 designers. Also on Thursdays and Fridays, it hosts an "Alternative therapies fair".
Two towers were built upon the mall - a residential tower above the northern part of the mall commonly referred to as the "Dizengoff Tower", and an office tower above the south-western part of the mall commonly referred to as "Top Tower". The mall also has a big underground parking lot.
The mall is visited by about 20,000 people on weekdays, around 45,000 people on Fridays, and about 80,000 during the holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="20133277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133277" title="Brugman">
Brugman

Brugman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20133290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133290" title="Barylli Quartet">
Barylli Quartet

The Barylli Quartet was a celebrated Austrian string quartet classical musical ensemble. It was first brought together in Vienna during the War by Walter Barylli, Konzertmeister of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra from 1939, but was re-founded in 1945. The reformed quartet actually appeared in public performance only from 1951 to 1960. In that period it was the 'home' quartet of the Vienna Musikverein.
Personnel.
1st violin
2nd violin
Viola
Cello
Origins.
Walter Barylli (born in Vienna in 1921) studied at the Vienna Music Academy with the Philharmonic Konzertmeister Franz Mairecker, and in Munich with Florizel von Reuter. In 1936 Barylli gave his first public performance as a soloist in Munich, and made his first gramophone recordings in Berlin. Over the next two years he made an international career as a soloist: but realizing the difficulty of a career as a travelling soloist in the turmoil of the late 1930s he instead won a place at the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, of which he became "Konzertmeister" in 1939. The quartet was first formed from leading members of the Vienna Philharmonic, during the war. It was then reformed in 1945, but its work in public performance was mainly confined to the period 1951-1960.
Closely associated with the Vienna Musikverein, their work was principally with classic repertoire such as Beethoven, Mozart, Schubert, Schumann and Brahms. They gave many concerts in Europe and overseas. are a complete Beethoven cycle for Westminster and a near-complete Mozart cycle. They performed at the Salzburg Festival, from which at least two live concerts (from 1956, Mozart Quintet with Antoine de Bavier, and 1958, of Beethoven, Schubert and Hindemith), have also survived as recordings. Their principal collaborations in chamber music were with Antoine de Bavier, Edith Farnadi, Jörg Demus, Paul Badura-Skoda and the violist Wilhelm Hübner.
Emanuel Brabec, the group's cellist in 1958, taught at the Vienna Academy and was teacher of Nikolaus Harnoncourt.

</doc>
<doc id="20133303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133303" title="Tomiko Satō">
Tomiko Satō

Biography.
Tomiko Satō was the eldest of eight children in the family of a Japanese Protestant minister in the Ohira village, Kurokawa District, Miyagi Prefecture (north-eastern Honshū). In her teens she studied at a Baptist boarding school in Sendai, the capital of the prefecture. At 21, rebelling against the prospect of an arranged marriage, she left her home prefecture and went to Tokyo, where she found a job with St Luke's Hospital as a student nurse.
Satō's relationship with Guo Moruo started in the summer of 1916, about a year after her arrival to Tokyo. A friend of Guo, named Chen Longji (陈龙骥), happened to be treated for tuberculosis at St Luke's Hospital. Guo, who had just completed his first year of study in Japan, visited his sick friend in the hospital on his trip to Tokyo, but the patient died soon. After the death of his friend, Guo met her when visiting the hospital to request the dead friend's X-ray records. Satō was sharing Guo's grief over the death of his friend, and once Guo returned to Okayama, they started regularly exchange letters. By December, Guo Moruo convinced Satō to leave Tokyo and join him in Okayama.
Satō and Guo had their first child, a son, in December 1917.
Satō and Guo's union was vehemently opposed by both of their families, and ill-received by the community they were in.
In April 1923, Satō moved with Guo and their three children to Shanghai. They had financial difficulties, and in February 1924 she went to Japan, taking the children along, but returned to Shanghai in mid-November.
After the Marco Polo Bridge Incident in July 1937, the war between China and Japan started for real. On July 25, Guo managed to escape Japan and to return to his homeland. As his attempts to get her and their children out of Japan later that year were frustrated by the Japanese government, Satō was left alone to take care of the children in wartime Japan. She resisted the pressure of the authorities to have them naturalized as Japanese citizens; this protected them from the prospect of being conscripted and possibly sent to fight against their father's country. The four elder children were able to enter Kyoto Imperial University; all graduated, and became specialists in industrial chemistry, aquaculture, architecture, and mathematics.
When interviewed in 1980 by Sawachi Hisae (澤地久枝), who was to write her biography, Satō summarized her life story as follows: "I am a stray dog all my life, but whatever bitterness can be said about this bitter life, that was because of my own foolishness". She died in 1994, aged 95.

</doc>
<doc id="20133356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133356" title="Nuclear reactor safety systems">
Nuclear reactor safety systems

The three primary objectives of nuclear reactor safety systems as defined by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission are to shut down the reactor, maintain it in a shutdown condition and prevent the release of radioactive material.
Reactor protection system (RPS).
A reactor protection system is designed to immediately terminate the nuclear reaction. By breaking the chain reaction, the source of heat is eliminated. Other systems can then be used to remove decay heat from the core. All plants have some form of reactor protection systems:
Control rods.
Control rods are a series of metal rods that can be quickly inserted into the reactor core to absorb neutrons and rapidly terminate the nuclear reaction.
Safety injection / standby liquid control.
The reaction can be stopped by directly injecting a neutron-absorbing liquid into the core. In boiling water reactors this usually consists of a solution containing boron (such as boric acid), which can displace the water in the core. A signature of pressurized water reactors is that they use a boron solution in addition to control rods to control the reaction, and so the concentration is simply increased to slow or stop the reaction.
Essential service water system.
The essential service water system (ESWS) circulates the water that cools the plant’s heat exchangers and other components before dissipating the heat into the environment. Because this includes cooling the systems that remove decay heat from both the primary system and the spent fuel rod cooling ponds, the ESWS is a safety-critical system. Since the water is frequently drawn from an adjacent river, the sea, or other large body of water, the system can be fouled by seaweed, marine organisms, oil pollution, ice and debris. In locations without a large body of water in which to dissipate the heat, water is recirculated via a cooling tower.
The failure of half of the ESWS pumps was one of the factors that endangered safety in the 1999 Blayais Nuclear Power Plant flood, while a total loss occurred during the Fukushima I and Fukushima II nuclear accidents in 2011.
Emergency core cooling system.
Emergency core cooling systems (ECCS) are designed to safely shut down a nuclear reactor during accident conditions. The ECCS allows the plant to respond to a variety of accident conditions and additionally introduce redundancy so that the plant can be shut down even with one or more subsystem failures. In most plants, ECCS is composed of the following systems:
High pressure coolant injection system.
HPCI consists of a pump or pumps that have sufficient pressure to inject coolant into the reactor vessel while it is pressurized. It is designed to monitor the level of coolant in the reactor vessel and automatically inject coolant when the level drops below a threshold. This system is normally the first line of defense for a reactor since it can be used while the reactor vessel is still highly pressurized.
Automatic Depressurization system.
ADS consists of a series of valves which open to vent steam several feet under the surface of a large pool of liquid water (known as the wetwell or torus) in pressure suppression type containments, or directly into the primary containment structure, in other types of containments, such as large-dry, ice-condenser, and sub-atmospheric containments. The actuation of these valves depressurizes the reactor vessel and allows lower pressure coolant injection systems to function, which have very large capacities in comparison to high pressure systems. Some depressurization systems are automatic in function but can be inhibited, some are manual and operators may activate if necessary.
Low pressure coolant injection system.
LPCI consists of a pump or pumps that inject coolant into the reactor vessel once it has been depressurized. In some nuclear power plants, LPCI is a mode of operation of a residual heat removal system (RHR or RHS). LPCI is generally not a stand-alone system.
Corespray system.
This system uses spargers (special spray nozzles) within the reactor pressure vessel to spray water directly onto the fuel rods, suppressing the generation of steam. Reactor designs can include corespray in high-pressure and low-pressure modes.
Containment spray system.
This system consists of a series of pumps and spargers that spray coolant into the primary containment structure. It is designed to condense the steam into liquid within the primary containment structure to prevent overpressure, which could lead to involuntary depressurization.
Isolation cooling system.
This system is often driven by a steam turbine to provide enough water to safely cool the reactor if the reactor building is isolated from the control and turbine buildings. Steam turbine driven cooling pumps with pneumatic controls can run at mechanically controlled adjustable speeds, without battery power, emergency generator, or off-site electrical power. The Isolation cooling system is a defensive system against a condition known as station blackout.
Emergency electrical systems.
Under normal conditions, nuclear power plants receive power from off-site. However, during an accident a plant may lose access to this power supply and thus may be required to generate its own power to supply its emergency systems. These electrical systems usually consist of diesel generators and batteries.
Diesel generators.
Diesel generators are employed to power the site during emergency situations. They are usually sized such that a single one can provide all the required power for a facility to shut down during an emergency. Facilities have multiple generators for redundancy. Additionally, systems that are required to shut down the reactor have separate electrical sources (often separate generators) so that they do not affect shutdown capability.
Motor generator flywheels.
Loss of electrical power can occur suddenly and can damage or undermine equipment. To prevent damage, motor-generators can be tied to flywheels that can provide uninterrupted electrical power to equipment for a brief period. Often they are used to provide electrical power until the plant electrical supply can be switched to the batteries and/or diesel generators.
Batteries.
Batteries often form the final redundant backup electrical system and are also capable of providing sufficient electrical power to shut down a plant.
Containment systems.
Containment systems are designed to prevent the release of radioactive material into the environment.
Fuel cladding.
The fuel cladding is the first layer of protection around the nuclear fuel and is designed to protect the fuel from corrosion that would spread fuel material throughout the reactor coolant circuit. In most reactors it takes the form of a sealed metallic or ceramic layer. It also serves to trap fission products, especially those that are gaseous at the reactor's operating temperature, such as krypton, xenon and iodine. Cladding does not constitute shielding, and must be developed such that it absorbs as little radiation as possible. For this reason, materials such as magnesium and zirconium are used for their low neutron capture cross sections.
Reactor vessel.
The reactor vessel is the first layer of shielding around the nuclear fuel and usually is designed to trap most of the radiation released during a nuclear reaction. The reactor vessel is also designed to withstand high pressures.
Primary containment.
The primary containment system usually consists of a large metal and concrete structure (often cylindrical or bulb shaped) that contains the reactor vessel. In most reactors it also contains the radioactively contaminated systems. The primary containment system is designed to withstand strong internal pressures resulting from a leak or intentional depressurization of the reactor vessel.
Secondary containment.
Some plants have a secondary containment system that encompasses the primary system. This is very common in BWRs because most of the steam systems, including the turbine, contain radioactive materials.
Core catching.
In case of a full melt-down, the fuel would most likely end up on the concrete floor of the primary containment building. Concrete can withstand a great deal of heat, so the thick flat concrete floor in the primary containment will often be sufficient protection against the so-called China Syndrome. The Chernobyl plant didn't have a containment building, but the core was eventually stopped by the concrete foundation. Due to concerns that the core would melt its way through the concrete, a "core catching device" was invented, and a mine was quickly dug under the plant with the intention to install such a device. The device contains a quantity of metal designed to melt, diluting the corium and increasing its heat conductivity; the diluted metallic mass could then be cooled by water circulating in the floor. Today, all new Russian-designed reactors are equipped with core-catchers in the bottom of the containment building.
European Pressurized Reactor, SNR-300, SWR1000, ESBWR, and Atmea I reactors have core catchers.
Non-containable events.
Nuclear events outside of the primary containment building will not be contained. Any accident involving the spent fuel pool, which is outside of the primary containment, will not be contained.
Standby gas treatment.
A standby gas treatment (SBGT) system is part of the secondary containment system. The SBGT system filters and pumps air from secondary containment to the environment and maintains a negative pressure within the secondary containment to limit the release of radioactive material.
Each SBGT train generally consists of a mist eliminator/roughing filter; an electric heater; a prefilter; two absolute (HEPA) filters; an activated charcoal filter; an exhaust fan; and associated valves, ductwork, dampers, instrumentation and controls. The signals that trip the SBGT system are plant-specific; however, automatic trips are generally associated with the electric heaters and a high temperature condition in the charcoal filters.
Ventilation and radiation protection.
In case of a radioactive release, most plants have a system designed to remove radiation from the air to reduce the effects of the radiation release on the employees and public. This system usually consists of containment ventilation that removes radiation and steam from primary containment. Control room ventilation ensures that plant operators are protected. This system often consists of activated charcoal filters that remove radioactive isotopes from the air.

</doc>
<doc id="20133434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133434" title="Usun">
Usun

Usun () is a rural locality (a "selo"), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Kyuletsky 1-y Rural Okrug () in Vilyuysky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district. Its population as of the 2010 Census was 801, up from 743 recorded during the 2002 Census.

</doc>
